I’d like to thank the organizers for the opportunity to  discuss this year’s U.S. Monetary Policy Forum paper.
  It represents a useful sequel to the very first Forum paper, which I discussed 10  years ago at the inaugural gathering in 2007.
  The earlier paper provided a flexible specification that was capable of  capturing the changing dynamics of inflation across time and across a number of  countries. In particular, the framework was able to accommodate the significant  difference between the behavior of inflation during the 1970s and its behavior during  the so-called Great Moderation period, a difference that we often attribute to  changes in the monetary policy regime. The current paper finds that a  simplified version of that framework suffices to characterize the dynamics of  inflation in the U.S. since 1984 — that is, since the Volcker disinflation. 
 From the point of view of a  monetary policy practitioner, this narrower focus has certain virtues.  Understanding the local dynamics of inflation within the current monetary  regime — a regime in which inflation has been low and relatively stable — is  clearly useful for thinking about policy on a meeting-by-meeting basis, and the  authors make a valuable contribution in this regard. But policymakers also need  to understand, to the extent possible, the forces that might cause these  dynamics to shift or drift away toward greater volatility. In my remarks, I’ll  comment both on how I think about the behavior of what the authors call “local  mean inflation” and on the longer-run question of transitions between more and  less stable periods. Now would be a good time to emphasize that the views  expressed are my own and are not necessarily shared by my colleagues in the  Federal Reserve System.
 The key output of the author’s empirical exercise is an  estimate of what they call the local trend rate of inflation, estimated from  their univariate model. They find that, given this estimate, measures of  inflation expectations add little to the near-term forecasting ability of the  model. This strikes me as a credible result for a period over which monetary  policy has fairly consistently achieved low and stable inflation. In such an  environment, variations in our measures of (longer-term) inflation expectations  are plausibly attributable at least as much to the imperfections in those  measures as they are to meaningful variation in actual expectations. At the  same time, expectations for near-term inflation seem likely to follow an estimated  local trend pretty closely. 
 They also find that measures of resource slack add little to  near-term inflation forecasts. This highlights the extent to which such  empirical relationships are likely to be contingent on the conduct of monetary  policy. The authors interpret this finding as raising doubts about what they  call the “Phillips-curve-centric approach to forecasting inflation.” I share  these doubts, and they illustrate the broader danger of treating estimated  relationships between measures of slack and inflation as structural.
 Later in the paper, the authors estimate a related model in  which trend inflation is a function of lagged actual inflation and consider how  alternative future paths for realized inflation would affect the movement of their  estimated inflation trend toward the FOMC’s 2 percent goal. Given their  specification, getting the trend to 2 percent in finite time requires realized  inflation to overshoot and rise above 2 percent, an algebraic fact they  demonstrate with some illustrative calculations. This has the feel of an  engineering exercise, and while it is useful for illustrating properties of their  estimated inflation process, I’m not sure the authors want us to take it  seriously as a menu for policymakers. For example, the notion that the Fed would  engineer a sequence of inflation shocks in order to bring the local trend back  to target seems hard to square with the central idea in the paper — that the  local trend itself wanders around and is not firmly tied to the Fed’s target or  to the public’s expectations. Moreover, it’s not obvious that policy would affect  trend inflation only through period-by-period inflation realizations. 
 The random-walk feature of the local trend in their main  model suggests an inflation process (and an expectations process) that is not perfectly  anchored, in the sense that the long-run forecast of inflation fluctuates over  time. The natural question here is how sharply the data can distinguish between  this specification and one in which the trend is a very slow-moving but mean-reverting  process centered around 2 percent. For some purposes, a random walk might be a  useful approximation, but these two specifications could have very different  policy implications. For example, a mean-reverting trend could converge to  target from below without meaningful overshooting. 
 The bottom line I take from their estimation, though, is  that if inflation continues to be determined as it was over their sample  period, we should continue to see similar stability in inflation trends. This  conclusion is somewhat reassuring, but the comfort it provides is limited by  the post-1984 scope of the exercise. Because as much as we’d like to, I don’t  think we can take the stability of this period for granted. Rather, it appears  to be a consequence of the conduct of monetary policy. Indeed, the relative  stability of their estimated local trend strikes me as good evidence of the  success of the policy regime that has prevailed since the 1980s, and in  particular since the early 1990s, a regime in which the Fed has acted pre-emptively  against incipient inflationary pressures.
 Policymakers have a natural interest in acting in a manner that  is consistent with maintaining a stable inflation regime. No one policy  decision is likely to dislodge the trend dynamics of inflation, of course. But as  policymakers we need to do a better job, I believe, of understanding how those  dynamic transitions out of periods of relative stability occur. The difficulty  of doing this is in part evident in the more complex, general specification in the  2007 U.S. Monetary Policy Forum paper.
  An even greater challenge, I think, comes from the fact that we really have  only one observation of a transition away from price stability in the postwar U.S.  data — the episode beginning in the mid-1960s. I’d like to take the remainder  of my time to look more closely at that episode, because I think it may shed  some light on our current situation.
 There are some striking parallels between the monetary  policy environments of the mid-1960s and today. First, resource utilization was  tight and getting tighter. The unemployment rate fell from 5 ½ percent at the  end of 1963 to 4 percent in 1965 and 3.6 percent by the end of 1966. Along the  way, there was an active debate about the degree of remaining slack.
 Second, inflation was low and stable coming into this  period, hovering around 1 ½ percent through the end of 1965, although a number  of prominent wage settlements in 1964 and 1965 exceeded the administration’s  guidelines. Inflation then began rising: to 3.1 percent for 1966, 2.6 percent  for 1967, and 4.3 percent for 1968. 
 Third, fiscal stimulus was in play throughout the period.  The Kennedy tax cut was enacted in February 1964, followed in subsequent years  by increased spending on Johnson’s Great Society programs. In mid-1965, Johnson  announced a military buildup in Vietnam. But he deliberately kept the magnitude  of the additional spending a secret, although Fed Chairman William McChesney Martin  was aware of what was going on from contacts in Congress, at the Department of  Defense, and at defense contractors in his hometown of St. Louis.
 Fourth, Chairman Martin faced a hostile political  environment, and the tension between monetary and fiscal policy was front and  center. Congressional populists such as Wilbur Mills and Wright Patman  repeatedly threatened restrictive changes to the Federal Reserve Act. And  President Johnson was not shy about scolding the Fed chairman, both in private  and in public.
 As the Kennedy tax cut was being considered at the beginning  of 1964, Congress and the White House were openly opposed to interest rate  increases. At hearings in January of that year, Rep. Reuss accused Martin of  wanting to “vitiate” the effects of the tax cut on employment. At the same  time, Walter Heller, chair of Johnson’s Council of Economic Advisers, was  arguing that tight money “could kill off a substantial part of the expansionary  economic impact of the tax cut.” The Fed 
  ultimately raise the discount rate on November 24, 1964, by 50 basis points.  President Johnson erupted — the press  described him as “unhappy and upset.”
 The next time the Fed raised the discount rate was December  6, 1965, also by 50 basis points. Two days later, Johnson famously summoned  Martin to his Texas ranch, where he was recovering from gallbladder surgery.  Johnson upbraided Martin, telling him “You’ve got me in a position where you  can run a rapier into me and you’ve done it,” adding, “that’s a despicable  thing to do.” Martin’s visit included an infamous drive around the ranch at  breakneck speeds in Johnson’s white Cadillac convertible, with Johnson at the  wheel.
 In early 1966, bank credit soared, real growth surged, and  inflation rose to 3 percent. Wanting to avoid the visibility of a discount rate  increase, the Fed embarked on a jawboning campaign to persuade banks to limit  credit growth, and the Desk brought down free reserves — that is, excess  reserves minus discount window borrowing. The resulting rise in market rates,  together with binding Regulation Q constraints, led to a slowdown in housing  activity that caused the Fed to back off at the end of 1966 and early 1967.  (This also led to Congress granting us authority to purchase obligations of the  federal housing agencies, and then proceed to pressure us to actually make such  purchases, but that’s another story.)
 Economic conditions early in 1966 also led Martin to begin  campaigning within the administration for a tax increase in order to provide  further policy restraint and help finance the war. LBJ finally signed on at the  beginning of 1967 and proposed a tax surcharge in his State of the Union  address, but his administration argued for easier monetary policy to offset the  anticipated contractionary effect. Johnson delayed introducing a bill, however,  out of fear that Congress would insist on scaling back his Great Society  initiatives in exchange. In the end, the tax bill was not passed until the spring  of 1968, at which point inflation had risen to 4 percent. It was a temporary  tax surcharge, however, and did not have the contractionary effect that was  anticipated at the time, in part because the distinction between permanent and  temporary tax changes wasn’t fully appreciated. The Fed then began raising  rates more aggressively, but it was too late.
 You may have noticed in my narrative the seemingly bizarre  coincidence that at beginning of the tightening sequence in 1964 and 1965, we  raised rates just twice in two years, both times at the very end of the year.  The broader parallel is that initial policy tightening moves in the first two  years were quite slow, both then and now. Another is the potential for  conflicting views of how monetary policy should react to fiscal stimulus in an  economy with tight labor markets. 
 Another parallel is that there was uncertainty then, as now,  regarding how accommodative the stance of policy actually was at any given  point. The Committee was often focused on free reserves and nominal rather than  real interest rates. Both gave off misleading signals in early 1966. Today,  uncertainty about 
  and other  parameters of the Taylor Rule also make assessing the stance of policy  challenging. 
 There are several differences between then and now that  ought to give us some comfort that we can avoid the mistakes of the 1960s.  Certainly, there have been substantial improvements in the transparency of fiscal  policy. It’s hard to imagine a contemporary administration hiding a doubling of  war spending from Congress and the secretary of the Treasury for any  appreciable amount of time.
 The most important difference, though, is that the  disastrous inflationary experience of the 1970s has made clear how costly it  can be to lose control of inflation and have inflation expectations become  unhinged. This lesson appears to be much more broadly understood now within the  economics profession and the central banking world. 
 At the same time, however, some policymakers of the 1960s  articulated remarkably modern concerns. In a speech shortly after the December  1965 rate increase, for example, Martin articulated a prescient argument for  pre-emptive monetary policy:
 [T]he effective time to act against  inflationary pressures is when they are in the development stage — before they  have become full-blown and the damage has been done…. It is simpler, for one  thing, to try to prevent prices from rising than to attempt to roll them back.  And finally, it is surer and safer: so long as inflation is merely a threat  rather than a reality, it is enough to prevent the pace of economic expansion  from accelerating dangerously. But once that pace has become unsustainably  fast, then it becomes necessary to reduce the speed, and once such a reduction  has started, there is no assurance it can be stopped in time to avoid an actual  downswing…. We shall succeed in avoiding a “stop-and-go” cycle — as the British  call the practice of first permitting inflationary pressures to develop and  then taking drastic measures to suppress them — only if we do not delay until  inflation is upon us.
 So Martin, at least, understood the risks in a way that we  would find familiar. One hopes that the experience of the 1970s has made this  lesson more broadly appreciated than it was in Martin’s time. But Martin’s  contemporaneous understanding of the value of pre-emption suggests that the  problem may have been less a lack of understanding and more a lack of political  will. 
 The political context around price stability and Fed  independence may be the most critical difference between the mid-1960s and now.  The deference to Fed independence shown by administrations since the early  1990s has set a precedent that seems to have improved the political dynamic for  us in recent years relative to what the record shows for the 1960s and ’70s. Certainly  there is much more widespread understanding of the extent to which central bank  independence, in a context of accountability and transparency, contributes to  healthier monetary policy. At the same time, given various legislative  proposals that have emerged in the last few years, I think we’d all agree that central  bank independence cannot be taken for granted. 
 So what should we make of this historical digression? Are we  at risk of losing stability, as we did in the 1960s? If you choose to focus on  the parallels, you might think so, although the significant differences could mitigate  your concerns. But, turning back to this year’s paper, one might wonder what  the authors’ empirical exercise would have shown if performed only using data  available through the end of 1965. A recent paper by Elmar Mertens reports such  one-sided estimates.
  His  estimated trends are low and stable until 1966, when they begin rising sharply.  Estimates of the volatility of the trend are also low before 1966, in many  cases close to current levels, and also rise sharply starting in 1966. This  confirms the sense one gets from narrative accounts of how suddenly stability  seemed to have been lost. It also confirms the notion that inflation dynamics  estimated over a period of relative stability may have only limited  implications for the important task of maintaining that stability. 
 Again,  this does not tell us how much at risk we are right now. Monetary policy in the  1960s makes for a sobering tale, but I believe we can avoid repeating those  mistakes. I look forward to the 20th U.S. Monetary Policy  Forum, where I trust we will not be learning more about how stability is lost,  but rather about how it is preserved.
 Stephen G. Cecchetti, Michael Feroli, Peter Hooper, Anil K. Kashyap, and Kermit L. Schoenholtz, “
 ,” U.S. Monetary Policy Forum, March 3, 2017.
 Stephen G. Cecchetti, Peter Hooper, Bruce C. Kasman, Kermit L. Schoenholtz, and Mark W. Watson, “
 ,” U.S. Monetary Policy Forum, March 9, 2007. (Paper revised July 2007.)
 And now would be a good time for an endnote thanking John Weinberg and Jessie Romero for assistance in preparing these remarks.
 Marvin Goodfriend, “
 ,” Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond 
  Winter 1997, vol. 83, no. 1, pp. 1-22.
 Cecchetti et al. (2007)
 For accounts of monetary policy in the mid-1960s, see Allan H. Meltzer, 
 , Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 2010; Robert L. Hetzel, 
 New York: Cambridge University Press, 2008; and Robert P. Bremner, 
 New Haven: Yale University Press, 2004. For an account of the pivotal December 1965 discount rate increase, see also Helen Fessenden, “1965: The Year the Fed and LBJ Clashed,” Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond 
 , Third/Fourth Quarter 2016.
 Renee Haltom and Robert Sharp, “
 ,” Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond 
 no. 14-04, April 2014.
 William McChesney Martin, “
 ,” Remarks before the 59th Annual Meeting of the Life Insurance Association of America, New York, New York, December 8, 1965.
 Elmar Mertens, “
 ,” 
 , December 2016, vol. 98, no. 5, pp. 950-967.