Q4 2014 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Mike Saviage 
• Shantanu Narayen 
• Mark S. Garrett 
Other Participants 

• Brad Zelnick 
• Brent Thill 
• Walter H. Pritchard 
• Mark L. Moerdler 
• Kash Gopalan Rangan 
• Ross MacMillan 
• S. Kirk Materne 
• Brendan J. Barnicle 
• Steven M. Ashley 
• Shateel T. Alam 
• Robert Breza 
• Jay Vleeschhouwer 
• Samad S. Samana 
• Philip Alan Winslow 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I would like to welcome you to the Adobe Systems Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 
2014 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the 
speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. 

I would like to now turn the call over to Mr. Mike Savage, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 

Mike Saviage 

Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us today. Joining me on the call are Adobe's President and CEO, Shantanu 
Narayen, as well as Mark Garrett, Executive Vice President and CFO. 

In the call today, we'll discuss Adobe's fourth quarter and fiscal year 2014 financial results. By now, you should have a 
copy of our earnings press release, which crossed the wire approximately one hour ago. We've also posted PDFs of our 
earnings call prepared remarks and slides, our financial targets and an updated investor datasheet on adobe.com. If 
you'd like a copy of these documents, you can go to the Investor Relations page and find them listed under Quick 
Links. 

Before we get started, we want to emphasize that some of the information discussed in this call, particularly our 
revenue, subscription, and operating model targets, and our forward-looking product plans is based on information as 


of today, December 11, 2014, and contains forward-looking statements that involve risk and uncertainty. 

Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in such statements. For a discussion of these risks and 
uncertainties, you should review the forward-looking statements disclosure in the earnings press release we issued 
today, as well as Adobe's SEC filings. 

During this call, we will discuss GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between the two is 
available in our financial targets document and in our updated investor datasheet on Adobe's Investor Relations 
website. 

Call participants are advised that the audio of this conference call is being webcast live in Adobe Connect and is also 
being recorded for playback purposes. An archive of the webcast will be made available on Adobe's Investor Relations 
website for approximately 45 days and is the property of Adobe. The call audio and the webcast archive may not be 
re-recorded or otherwise reproduced or distributed without prior written permission from Adobe. 

I'll now turn the call over to Shantanu. 

Shantanu Narayen 

FY 2014 was an outstanding year. Our achievements included better-than-expected Digital Media ARR and 
subscriptions, strong bookings growth for Adobe Marketing Cloud, broad industry recognition of our product 
leadership, and great progress in growing and deepening our customer relationships. 

In Q4, we delivered revenue of $1.07 billion, contributing to total revenue of $4.15 billion in FY 2014. 

In Digital Media, Creative Cloud continued its strong performance. As of the end of Q4, Creative Cloud adoption grew 
by more than 644,000 to over 3.45 million subscriptions, significantly exceeding our annual target. Subscription growth 
was fueled by continued movement of the Creative Suite installed base to Creative Cloud, as well as the addition of 
customers that are new to Adobe Creative products. 

We saw strength across all our offerings. Creative Cloud Complete, Creative Cloud for teams in the channel and on 
Adobe.com, Creative Cloud Single App and the Creative Cloud Photography bundle. 

Creative Cloud innovation continues to accelerate. At MAX, we unveiled another major update to Creative Cloud, 
which includes significant new versions of CC desktop tools, a new family of complementary mobile apps, touch 
support for Microsoft Windows 8 and Surface Pro 3, and the new Creative Profile, which connects Creatives to their 
work, assets, and communities. 

We made significant strides in realizing our vision for Creative Cloud as much more than desktop tools. The Behance 
Creative community continues to thrive, growing to over 4 million members. We launched a public beta of a Creative 
SDK that enables the delivery of third-party mobile apps that connect to Creative Cloud. This move comes on the heels 
of our September announcement when we acquired Aviary, a developer of mobile SDKs for the delivery of Creative 
apps. 

At MAX, we launched Creative Talent Search, a service that connects Creatives around the world with job 
opportunities. This was the first step in making Creative Cloud a true marketplace for the Creative community. 

Today, we took another major step in expanding the marketplace with the announcement of our intention to acquire 
privately-held Fotolia, a leading service for Creatives to buy and sell photos, graphics, and video. Stock content is 
critical for Creatives and is a large and fast growing multi-billion dollar market. 

Once closed, we intend to integrate Fotolia into Creative Cloud, resulting in higher ARPU and increased revenue. We 
also plan to continue to operate Fotolia as a standalone stock content service. Creative Cloud has become the 
preeminent destination for Creatives, transforming how they find inspiration and deliver their best work. 


The Document Services business continues to grow. PDF and Acrobat remain the de facto standards for document 
creation and collaboration. In fact, we have more than 1 billion cumulative downloads of Reader on desktop and 
mobile. In FY 2014, we drove strong year-over-year and sequential growth in Document Services ARR, primarily due 
to strength in the adoption of Acrobat ETLAs and subscriptions. 

We have introduced new mobile and cloud capabilities to increase usage of our document creation, sharing, and 
EchoSign electronic signature services. We have permission to expand our footprint and extend our brand in these areas 
and are excited about a major update in the first half of FY 2015. 

Across our Creative and Document Services businesses, total Digital Media ARR grew to $1.95 billion at the end of 
FY 2014. 

In Digital Marketing, we achieved record Adobe Marketing Cloud bookings in Q4 and we were well ahead of our 30% 
annual growth target. Reported revenue for Adobe Marketing Cloud in Q4 was $330 million. We continued to deliver 
significant innovation in Adobe Marketing Cloud during Q4. 

Mobile is a key focus area for us, and we launched new mobile functionality across Adobe Marketing Cloud in 2014. 
Last month, we introduced new intelligent location marketing features, allowing companies to reach their customers 
with targeted content based on a user's proximity to iBeacons. In October, we released cross-device targeting and 
personalization capabilities via Adobe AudienceManager. With these capabilities, marketers now have the tools to 
profile which individuals in a household are consuming content on a connected device at any given moment. 

In the video space, we announced the availability of Adobe Primetime digital rights management across mobile apps on 
connective devices and via HTML5 on major web browsers. We continue to drive large-scale engagements with Adobe 
Marketing Cloud customers. Big deals in Q4 included Ford, FedEx, MasterCard, Morgan Stanley, QVC, 
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. 

Adobe Experience Manager and Adobe Analytics are our unique differentiators and continue to be the foundation of 
our growth. Adobe Target and Adobe Media Optimizer solutions had strong results in Q4. One of the best performing 
solutions in Q4 was Adobe Campaign, which came from our acquisition of Neolane last year. This is another proof 
point of our success in integrating acquisitions to effectively expand our offerings to customers. 

Adobe Primetime, which brings TV to every IP-connected screen, is gaining traction among both programmers and 
operators in the fast-growing online video market. In October, we announced an alliance with Nielsen to deliver the 
industry's first comprehensive, cross-platform system for measuring online TV, video and other digital content across 
the web and apps. 

Both companies will jointly market Nielsen's digital content ratings, powered by Adobe, which will give customers 
comparable metrics to measure audiences accurately and consistently across every major IP device, including desktops, 
smartphones, tablets, game consoles and over-the-top boxes. The Nielsen alliance builds on other Adobe Marketing 
Cloud strategic partnerships announced earlier this year, including our relationship with advertising giant, Publicis. 

With over 30 trillion data transactions measured annually by Adobe Marketing Cloud, we're in a unique position to 
predict and report on major retail and consumer trends. Through our Adobe Digital Index Report, we recently tracked 
Black Friday and Cyber Monday online sales. Our prediction came within 1% of the nearly $6.4 billion spent online 
and 22% year-over-year growth versus 2013. 

Another interesting statistic was that over one-fourth of Thanksgiving Day and Black Friday online sales were 
transacted on a mobile device. Press coverage of our holiday reports was extensive across online, print and broadcast 
channels. 

Adobe Marketing Cloud continued to be recognized as the leader in numerous industry analyst reports. This quarter, 
new recognition includes: we were named the leader in the first-ever Forrester Wave report evaluating the most 
significant marketing cloud vendors. Adobe Marketing Cloud was positioned highest in current offering, strategy and 
market presence. And Adobe Experience Manager was recognized as a Leader in the 2014 Gartner Magic Quadrant for 
Web Content Management report. Adobe was positioned highest in ability to execute and placed strongly in 


completeness of vision. 

Our strong results in 2014 represent the collective efforts of our employees around the world. Creative Cloud has 
become the preeminent destination for millions of Creatives and we're delivering more value every day. The Fotolia 
acquisition gives us yet another opportunity to grow Creative Cloud revenue and tighten our bond with the Creative 
community. 

Adobe Marketing Cloud continues to lead in the fast-growing digital marketing category and we're seeing strong 
partner and customer momentum. And we're shaping new opportunities for our Document Services business. All of this 
positions us well for another strong year in 2015. 

Mark? 

Mark S. Garrett 

Our earnings report today covers both Q4 and fiscal year 2014 results. In FY 2014, Adobe achieved annual revenue of 
$4.147 billion. GAAP EPS was $0.50 and non-GAAP EPS was $1.29. All of these results were well ahead of the 
annual targets we provided entering the year. 

These numbers are a result of strong execution against our strategy and from some noteworthy achievements during the 
year, in FY 2014, we reported Digital Media segment revenue of $2.6 billion, ahead of our target of $2.5 billion that we 
communicated last December. More importantly, we built Digital Media ARR to a total of $1.95 billion exiting the 
year, which was nearly $100 million higher than the annual target we provided last year. Helping to drive this was 3.45 
million Creative Cloud subscriptions exiting the year, more than 400,000 higher than the target we provided a year ago. 

In Digital Marketing, we drove record Adobe Marketing Cloud bookings well above our target of 30% growth for the 
year. As we outlined in September, reported revenue for Adobe Marketing Cloud was impacted by the 
faster-than-anticipated transition of Adobe Experience Manager and Adobe Campaign to a subscription-based revenue 
model this year. Were it not for the quicker shift to ratable revenue, Adobe Marketing Cloud revenue would have 
grown 21%, above our original target of 20% annual revenue growth in the year. 

Other financial highlights during the year include growing deferred revenue to a record $1.16 billion, and increasing 
our unbilled backlog to approximately $1.74 billion exiting the year. Together, this represents nearly $3 billion of 
contracted revenue that will be recognized over time. And returning nearly $700 million in cash to stockholders 
through our stock repurchase program. 

In the fourth quarter of FY 2014, Adobe achieved revenue of $1.73 billion, at the high end of our targeted range. 
GAAP diluted earnings per share in Q4 were $0.14 and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.36. Highlights in 
our fourth quarter include driving strong adoption of Creative Cloud across all offerings, individual, team, and 
enterprise; growing Adobe Marketing Cloud bookings well ahead of our target; managing expenses to deliver upside on 
earnings per share; achieving $400 million in operating cash flow; and exiting Q4 with 66% recurring revenue. In Q4 
of last year, the percentage was 44% and in Q4 of fiscal 2012, it was 27%. 

In Digital Media, we achieved revenue of $649 million. This segment has two major components of revenue: our 
Creative family of products and our Document Services products. In our Creative business, adoption of Creative Cloud 
accelerated significantly quarter-over-quarter. We exited Q4 with 3.454 million Creative Cloud subscriptions. Adoption 
across all Creative Cloud offerings grew quarter-on-quarter. Retention of Creative Cloud subscriptions including 
renewals after promotional pricing expiration continues to track ahead of our initial projections. 

Average revenue per user or ARPU within each of our Creative Cloud offerings maintained steady levels consistent 
with results over the past year. Blended ARPU across all Creative Cloud offerings declined slightly as a result of the 
significant increase in new Single App subscriptions. It is important to note that the unit mix between Creative Suites 
and individual point products in our perpetual offering was approximately 50/50. We are excited that adoption of 
Single Apps and the Creative Cloud Photography plan is expanding our market opportunity. During this growth phase, 


we fully anticipate the percentage of Single App subscriptions will continue to grow. This strategy is driving higher 
ARR and revenue and creates the opportunity to drive even higher revenue through ARPU-enhancing services. 

Adoption of Creative Cloud for teams accelerated in Q4 with momentum in both the channel as well as on Adobe.com. 
Our success with individual and team subscriptions and Enterprise Term License Agreements, or ETLAs, helped to 
drive Creative ARR to a total of $1.68 billion exiting Q4 at constant currency from December of 2013, an increase of 
$272 million quarter-over-quarter. 

In Document Services, we achieved revenue of $197 million in Q4. Revenue declined slightly quarter-over-quarter, 
offset by strong growth in ARR. Strong adoption of Acrobat ETLAs, subscriptions, and cloud services including 
EchoSign, helped to grow Document Services ARR to $271 million exiting Q4 at constant currency rates, a $54 million 
sequential increase over Q3. 

In our Digital Marketing segment, there are two components. The first is revenue from our Adobe Marketing Cloud 
offering and our momentum as the leader in this market continued. We achieved revenue of $330 million in Q4. More 
importantly, we drove record bookings that put us ahead of our goal of 30% bookings growth for the year. 

Our Adobe Marketing Cloud success is being driven by an increase in the size of transactions, number of solutions per 
customer, international expansion, and growth in partner-driven business. Adobe Analytics, Experience Manager, 
Campaign, Target, and Media Optimizer all had strong bookings, which sets us up nicely for FY 2015. 

The mix of Adobe Experience Manager and Campaign that was ratable versus perpetual revenue grew to approximately 
75% for the year. As you recall, we explained in September, our target for that mix entering the year was 
approximately 60%. Were it not for this incremental shift of approximately $60 million of revenue to ratable with these 
two solutions, we would have achieved 21% Marketing Cloud revenue growth for the year. The growth rate would 
have been greater than 25% for the year, if no shift at all had occurred and we are reiterating our 25% Marketing Cloud 
revenue CAGR. 

The second component of our Digital Marketing segment is revenue from the LiveCycle and Connect businesses, 
which contributed $44 million in Q4 revenue, consistent with our expectations. Print and Publishing segment revenue 
was $50 million in Q4. 

Geographically, we experienced stable demand across our major geographies, and we saw increased adoption of 
Creative Cloud subscriptions in Japan. Asia as a percent of total revenue remains lower given Creative Cloud and 
Marketing Cloud adoption trails other geographies. 

From a quarter-over-quarter currency perspective, FX decreased revenue by $11.7 million. We had $12.2 million in 
hedge gains in Q4 FY 2014 versus $1.1 million in hedge gains in Q3 FY 2014. Thus the net sequential currency 
decrease to revenue considering hedging gains was $0.6 million. From a year-over-year currency perspective, FX 
decreased revenue by $8.8 million. We had $12.2 million in hedge gains in Q4 FY 2014, versus $3.1 million in hedge 
gains in Q4 FY 2013. Thus the net year-over-year currency increase to revenue considering hedging gains was $0.3 
million. 

In Q4, Adobe's effective tax rate was 21% on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis. The GAAP rate was lower than 
targeted primarily due to stronger than forecasted profits outside the U.S. 

Employees at the end of Q4 totaled 12,499 versus 12,368 at the end of last quarter. Our trade DSO was 50 days, which 
compares to 52 days in the year-ago quarter, and 48 days last quarter. 

Cash flow from operations was $400 million in the quarter. Our ending cash and short-term investment position was 
$3.74 billion compared to $3.52 billion at the end of Q3. 

In Q4 FY 2014, we repurchased approximately 1.8 million shares at a total cost of $127 million. For the year, we 
repurchased 10.9 million shares at a total cost of $689 million. 


Now, I would like to go over the acquisition announcement we made today, as well as provide our financial outlook. 
Today we announced a definitive agreement to acquire privately-held Fotolia in an all-cash transaction of $800 million. 
We expect it to close in the second half of Q1, and add approximately $75 million in FY 2015 revenue, net of purchase 
accounting adjustments. We believe this transaction will be neutral to non-GAAP earnings in FY 2015, and accretive in 
FY 2016. At this time we cannot estimate the impact to earnings on a GAAP basis. 

Fotolia is a U.S. based company so we're primarily using onshore cash for the transaction. The bulk of their operations 
and business are in Europe, and we intend to invest in the business during the year to drive broader global adoption of 
their services, particularly in the U.S. We see significant synergies over time with Fotolia and our Creative Cloud 
offering, in what is a large and fast-growing market. 

Turning to our financial outlook, the targets we are providing today reflect current currency rates and exclude any 
benefit or impact from the announced acquisition of Fotolia. 

We are happy to report we are either on track or are ahead of key long-term goals we set a year ago. Consistent with 
our target of approximately 20% compound annual revenue growth between FY 2014 and FY 2016, we are targeting 
total revenue of approximately $4.85 billion in FY 2015. We expect GAAP earnings per share of $1.20, and 
non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.05, which is ahead of the target we provided a year ago. 

As we've mentioned before, we will adjust ARR on an annual basis to reflect any material FX changes. Our FY 2014 
exiting Digital Media ARR of $1.947 billion was based on December 2013 FX rates. We've revalued that ARR amount 
based on December 2014 FX rates, and this has led to an updated ARR of $1.875 billion, which is approximately $72 
million lower entering FY 2015. 

In Digital Media, we remain on track to drive a revenue CAGR of 20% between FY 2014 and FY 2016, supported by 
strong growth in ARR and the subscription adoption we've driven. In FY 2015, we expect to grow ARR by greater than 
50% from $1.875 billion to approximately $2.9 billion by year-end. We expect to grow total subscriptions by 
approximately 70% year-over-year and exit the year with approximately 5.9 million subscriptions. We also expect 
continued ETLA adoption during the year. 

In Digital Marketing, we have strong momentum with Adobe Marketing Cloud bookings. We expect to continue to 
drive annual bookings growth of 30%, with annual reported revenue growth of approximately 25% in FY 2015. Both 
are consistent with our long-term targets. During FY 2015, we anticipate revenue and earnings will grow sequentially 
every quarter during the year. 

Given strong adoption in Q4 and normal seasonality in Q1, we expect net new Creative Cloud subscriptions will 
decline in Q1 when compared to the 644,000 we added in Q4, and then grow sequentially in the second, third and 
fourth quarters. We expect Digital Media ARR to follow the same trend. 

In Digital Media, we expect Creative revenue to grow significantly year-over-year. We are targeting 

Document Services revenue to grow slightly year-over-year. We also expect annual revenue for 

LiveCycle and Connect, and for Print and Publishing, to decline slightly year-over-year. 

Quarterly Adobe Marketing Cloud bookings and reported revenue should also follow normal seasonality during the 
year. In Q1 of FY 2015, we are targeting a revenue range of $1.050 billion to $1.100 billion. Again, this excludes the 
expected benefit of adding Fotolia during the quarter. 

We expect Digital Media segment revenue to grow sequentially in Q1. Within Digital Media, we expect Creative 
revenue to grow sequentially, with Document Services revenue declining slightly. 

In Digital Marketing, we are targeting Q1 Adobe Marketing Cloud revenue to decline on a sequential basis, and grow 
on a year-over-year basis. We expect combined revenue with LiveCycle and Connect to decline sequentially. We also 
expect Print and Publishing segment revenue to decline. 


We are targeting our Q1 share count to be 508 million shares to 510 million shares. We are targeting net non-operating 
expense to be between $12 million and $14 million on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis. We are targeting a Q1 tax 
rate of 25% to 27% on a GAAP and 21% on a non-GAAP basis. These targets yield a Q1 GAAP earnings per share 
range of $0.14 to $0.20 per share, and a Q1 non-GAAP earnings per share range of $0.34 to $0.40. 

In summary, 2014 was a great year. With multiple growth opportunities and category-leading products, we are poised 
to see strong revenue and earnings growth in the coming years. 

Mike? 

Mike Saviage 

Dates for our Digital Marketing Summit in Salt Lake City have been announced and registration is now open. The 
opening day keynote will be on the morning of Tuesday, March 10, and we are once again providing special pricing for 
financial analysts and investors to attend. We will send out a formal invitation in January, but in the meantime if you'd 
like to register you can contact Adobe Investor Relations by emailing ir@adobe.com for registration information. 

For those who wish to listen to a playback of today's conference call, a web-based archive of the call will be available 
on our IR site later today. Alternatively, you can listen to a phone replay by calling 855-859-2056; use conference ID 
number 39655431. Again, the number is 855-859-2056 with the ID number 39655431. International callers should dial 
404-537-3406. 

The phone playback service will be available beginning at 5 PM Pacific Time today, and ending at 10 AM Pacific Time 
on Tuesday, December 16, 2014. 

We would now be happy to take your questions. Operator? 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Brad Zelnick from Jefferies. Your line is open. 

<Q - Brad Zelnick>: Thank you very much, and great quarter, guys. Can you please just talk a bit about the evidence 
that you're seeing Digital Marketing and Digital Media categories driving demand for one another, and maybe if you 
could share trends in the percentage of enterprise deals that includes solutions from both sides of Adobe? 

<A - Shantanu Narayen>: Sure. Thanks, Brad. First on your comment on the quarter, we were certainly pleased with 
what we accomplished in Q4. With respect to joint deals that we are seeing, that's primarily with the ETLAs as well as 
the Digital Marketing bookings that we are seeing, and it actually is across more segments, Brad. In the publishing 
space, for sure, people are using our digital creation tools as well as our infrastructure tools. We're seeing a fair amount 
in retail as people are trying to create campaigns. We've talked about companies like Under Armour who are using all 
of our products. We're seeing that in video as people are using both Primetime as well as Creative Cloud Premiere as 
well as our Digital Marketing products like Primetime. 

And so I think across the board, while we might lead with CC ETLA and then go in with Digital Marketing or might go 
in with Digital Marketing and then come back to a CC ETLA, and at the end of the day, I mean more marketing is 
moving online, and I think our sales force goes in with the ONE Adobe story. Clearly DPS is another area where we are 
seeing synergy between the two businesses and now what we have with PhoneGap enterprise. 

<Q - Brad Zelnick>: Definitely working. And thanks, Shantanu. Just one more follow-up, if I may? Last quarter you 
noted about 20% of CC users were new to the franchise. Are there any directional updates on this? I know it's only one 
quarter since when we think about the mix. And can you maybe comment on any thoughts you might have on where 
this can go as you penetrate into new geographies and perhaps capture some of the opportunity on piracy? Thanks. 


<A - Shantanu Narayen>: Well, two thoughts there, Brad. The first is while we don't do the surveys every quarter, 
certainly given the strength that we saw in Q4, we are confident that we are continuing to attract new customers to the 
platform. What was really nice about Q4 was we actually saw strength across every single offering and in all the 
geographies. You correctly point out that we're still focused primarily on developed markets, and we continue to think 
that emerging markets is an opportunity over time with differential pricing and products, but at this point, I would say 
we are still just combating casual piracy in developed markets and really attracting new customers. 

One thing I will mention also is that one of the offerings that we added in Q4 was the team offering on adobe.com did 
not have the single app option. And so allowing that just enables teams to be more collaborative and so team had a 
good showing in Q4 as well. 

<Q - Brad Zelnick>: Thanks very much for taking my questions. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Brent Thill from UBS. Your line is open. 

<Q - Brent Thill>: Good afternoon. Shantanu, just on the acquisition, I'm just curious if you could walk through the 
revenue model. Just casually going through the site, it looks like you could pick up Stock Photos for single dollars or 
videos for high-single digits. How does the revenue model work for Fotolia? 

<A - Shantanu Narayen>: Sure. So Brent, I mean, the big picture is that with Creative Cloud continuing to become 
the pre-eminent destination for creators, all our surveys show that our customers of our Creative tools are the primary 
purchasers of stock content creative assets that exist. I would look at Fotolia today and really their presence is more in 
Europe. In the U.S. they have attempted to come in with an offering that is aimed at beyond the Creative Professionals. 

The sweet spot for us is with the Creative Professional community, we think all the millions of Creative Professionals 
will be people who will acquire these products. And I think the offerings will look like an on-demand offering where 
people who has need for a specific content can go online and find and search it. We will have subscription offerings, 
which exist as a stand-alone service, which allow people to subscribe and get a certain number of stock content on the 
frequency that they want. 

And as you can imagine, once we are closed, I think we have opportunities to also offer our desktop products in 
conjunction with a subscription offering for stock content. So I think we see a lot of options, and what that should result 
in is, first, more stickiness with our Creative community because they have a one-stop shop for talent search, buying 
stock, as well as the Creative tools, and that should hopefully result in an increased revenue and increased ARPU. 

<Q - Brent Thill>: Okay. And real quickly on the Marketing Cloud, you highlighted a handful of big deals and that 
campaign was one of the best performers inside the suite. Can you maybe just bring us up to speed in terms of what 
you're seeing in terms of the deal sizes? Are you seeing a nice improvement as back to your original comment of 
they're taking more of the suite? Any color to help us understand the direction of the Marketing Cloud on pricing would 
be really helpful. 

<A - Shantanu Narayen>: Yeah. We didn't update this time, Brent, the number of large deals, million-dollar deals. I 
know we've updated that in the past, but when you drive record bookings, you're certainly driving it at a more strategic 
level with adoption of multiple solutions. We highlighted Campaign because we've always believed that campaign 
orchestration was important. We are winning a number of deals of what was traditionally e-mail service provider 
accounts with Campaign. So I wanted to make sure that we highlighted that in the quarter. But it's a spectrum. I mean, 
we have really large deals that we're seeing from customers at the CMO/CEO level. 

<Q - Brent Thill>: Thank you, Shantanu. 

<A - Shantanu Narayen>: Thanks, Brent. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Walter Pritchard from Citi. Your line is open. 

<Q - Walter H. Pritchard>: Thanks. I'm wondering if you could, Mark, just give us a little more detail on the mix of 
versions – or not versions, but point versus suite? You talked about in your perpetual business a 50/50 mix. Did you 
throw that out there to sort of point us to that's where it is today? Or is that where you think it will be in 2015? I'm just 
trying to get a sense of how we should be thinking about where it is right now since you provided at the last – I guess 
since you've started undergoing the transition and then how we should think about that in the future. 

<A - Mark S. Garrett>: Yeah, I think the most important thing to remember is that this is right on strategy, the idea of 
selling more single apps, especially as it relates to driving a higher market opportunity and attracting new users, and 
that's working really, really well. So what you see in subs, what you see in ARR is a result of driving new users to the 
platform, which we would not have been able to do without these single apps. The mix was really just to show you that 
what's happening is not terribly different from what you saw under the suite model with the perpetual offering. 

We're not saying that it's ultimately going to settle in at 50/50, but it's certainly going that direction. And you can see 
that in the mix this quarter; if you do the math on the mix this quarter, you'll see that it's roughly 50/50 in terms of the 
net new adds this quarter. So we had really good uptick in the full units this quarter, but we also had a nice increase in 
the single app, and that's right on strategy. 

<A - Shantanu Narayen>: And, Walter, overall, we are convinced that it is increasing the total available market, and 
we continue to see, as people adopt the individual app and they get familiar with our products, it represents an 
opportunity for them to migrate up to Creative Cloud complete. 

<Q - Walter H. Pritchard>: Got it. So just actually that was, Shantanu, the follow-up I had for you. We did some 
survey work just a little bit ago, and the one thing we noticed is there was a high intention from point product 
customers to upgrade to suite, some in short-term, some over time. Can you talk about – it hasn't been that long you've 
had the point product out, but it's been some of those folks were renewing in the quarter. Can you talk about sort of any 
color on how many of those renewed to the full suite from the point? 

<A - Shantanu Narayen>: Well, what we said I think in the prepared remarks was that retention continues to be ahead 
of our internal expectations, and while we continue to have pricing that's promotional in nature to get customers to 
migrate from CS to Creative Cloud, when they then continue to stay on the platform, they are actually, their retention is 
at the higher price point. So we're happy about that. 

We have become really good by using our own Digital Marketing products, Walter, in terms of the pipeline. So while I 
have numbers, everything from new trial users, how many are overlapping with Behance, how we are seeing them go 
through the funnel in terms of usage, it was such a strong quarter across all elements, new customer acquisitions, 
upgrades, retention, and theme, we were really pleased. 

And I think if we take a step back, it just reflects, first, we're continuing to deliver significant product value for the 
customers. They're seeing that innovation in things like Touch that we delivered in the quarter. Second, the sole focus 
on all routes to market on the Creative Cloud is certainly helping. There isn't perpetual anymore in the channel. And I 
think third is we're just getting better at dealing with this consumer marketing funnel in the business unit. 

<Q - Walter H. Pritchard>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Mark Moerdler from Sanford Bernstein. Your line is open. 

<Q - Mark L. Moerdler>: Thank you very much. So two quick questions. The first one is you have subs increasing 
next year from 3.5 million to 5.9 million, which is a 71% increase in subs year-over-year, but you have ARR Digital 
Media increasing over 50%. Can you give us some color maybe, Mark, on what the disconnect is? Is it ETLA is 


growing slower or Document Services they're growing slower? How should we think about that? 

<A - Mark S. Garrett>: Yeah. I don't think you should think about it as ETLA growing slower. I think you should 
think about two things, Mark. One is the $1 billion increase reflects new FX rates, right? So there is a fairly significant, 
as you know, from every company change in FX, and that has a chunk of it in there. Plus, as we were just talking about, 
with Walter's question, we are seeing more single app to acquire new customers and expand the market. And I think it's 
primarily those two things. I don't think you should read anything into that in respect of anything slowing down. 

<Q - Mark L. Moerdler>: Okay. And then as a second question, can you give us a sense in terms of Digital Marketing 
whether, and you talked a little bit about it, but in terms of how much of the mix of the growth is coming from 
expansion into the existing customers versus sales to new customers? 

<A - Shantanu Narayen>: It's across the board, honestly. I mean, we're seeing new logos coming into the platform. I 
think we highlighted some of the key customers. But without a doubt, within existing customers as well, if they were an 
Analytics customer, they are continuously looking at the Experience Manager. If they're using both of those campaigns, 
which was such a strong showing in the quarter, it's certainly seeing more adoption within Analytics and Experience 
Manager. And I think what we said at our prior call is we're seeing something like 74% growth in customers with three 
plus solution products. This was the data that we had provided at MAX. So I mean that continues to be the case and 
we're seeing the ARR of customers with three plus solution products in the millions. 

<Q - Mark L. Moerdler>: Excellent. I do appreciate it. Thanks, and congrats on the quarter. 

<A - Shantanu Narayen>: Thank you. 

<A - Mark S. Garrett>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan from Merrill Lynch. Your line is open. 

<Q - Kash Gopalan Rangan>: Hi. Thank you very much. It looks like you're well on track to hit about 6 million subs 
by the end of next year, which relative to the TAM that you laid out I think in the spring of last year, Mark and 
Shantanu, is roughly about 50%, a little bit less than 50%. The question for you Shantanu is, are we in the second 
innings of a cricket game or a second innings of a baseball game? And depending upon how you're going to answer the 
question, I'd like to also find if it is indeed a baseball game, how much larger can the TAM [ph] be used (44:02), 
especially because when I look at the upside this quarter even if you didn't have a positive deviation in the point 
solutions you would have still had a very good quarter just with the full suite launch. So it looks like you are expanding 
the TAM but I don't want to get too ahead of myself. If you can just put it in the context that will be very appreciated. 
Thank you. 

<A - Shantanu Narayen>: Well, first, for the sports fans on the call, you know baseball having nine innings, we 
certainly believe that we are definitely in the second innings of a nine inning game rather than a two inning game, 
Kash. So we continue to think there's significant upside. I think we've provided numbers on the – a number of Creative 
Suite perpetual products and licenses that we've delivered. As you can see from our numbers there's significant 
headroom. I think you are continuing to see, as we have said, new customers being attracted to the platform. 

And if I take a step back, we're actually executing against everything we laid out three or four years ago. We're 
continuing to migrate customers and demonstrate value and drive customer satisfaction to be higher. We are adding 
new customers, the individual apps are certainly attracting new customers to the platform, and the ARPU enhancing 
services, things like Fotolia, I think we're really excited about how that also not only keeps the current customers on the 
Creative Cloud but that it also brings people who may be laggards on to the Creative Cloud, because it just 
demonstrates more value that we're going to be providing. So I think Mark's numbers reflect why we continue to be 
really enthusiastic about this business in 2015 and beyond. 


<Q - Kash Gopalan Rangan>: Wonderful. On the Fotolia side, to the extent that you know this information, how 
many subscribers do they have? How many of them are CC or CS users already? And what is the rough potential for 
cross-selling the core Creative Cloud family to the Fotolia user base and vice-versa? Any color commentary qualitative 
would be fine. I understand that you may not be able to share numbers because the deal is not closed yet. 

<A - Shantanu Narayen>: Well, Kash, we did surveys of our Creative Professionals, and I would say the vast majority 
of Creative Professionals that exist globally are customers of stock content. So I first want to, in terms of the available 
market opportunity, it's important to remember that we believe that every single Creative Professional is a customer of 
Fotolia. 

The other thing we actually find is that a number of marketers are the people who actually buy this stock content to use 
in campaigns and put on websites. So the customer base for Fotolia actually extends beyond the Creative Professional 
as well as the marketer to also consumer hobbyists. As we look at the numbers right now, and it's really early with 
Fotolia, we certainly think that getting access to Fotolia content to every one of our Creative Professionals is the 
opportunity that we have. There is a high overlap, clearly, of the Fotolia customers who are already Creative Suite or 
Creative Cloud customers, but we can package it and provide a lot more value as we move down this path. 

<Q - Kash Gopalan Rangan>: Thank you. Happy holidays. 

<A - Shantanu Narayen>: Thanks, Kash. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Ross MacMillan from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. 

<Q - Ross MacMillan>: Thanks so much, and congratulations from me as well. Two questions, if I could. Just first on 
operating expense growth, that's been really impressive this year in the sense that it's been very low, I think 3% for the 
year, 1% in the quarter. And if I looked on a sort of trailing three-year basis, I think OpEx grew something more like 
8% on average over the last three years. So I'm just curious, either, Shantanu or Mark, is this sort of lower trajectory of 
operating growth sustainable? Could you maybe just provide some color? Thanks. 

<A - Mark S. Garrett>: Hey, Ross. It's Mark. Yeah, I mean, I think the bottom line is we really felt it was important to 
drive earnings leverage back into the model as revenue starts to come back since we're through this transition now, and 
that's what you're seeing both in FY 2014 and especially in FY 2015 as we move from $1.29 to $2.05 and then to over 
$3. So earnings starts to come back into the model in a big way. 

OpEx will increase probably a little bit more than what you've seen recently, and that's obvious for you guys to figure 
out as you do your revenue model and figure out what the OpEx is that'll drive that EPS. So the short answer is we've 
done a great job this year of containing cost and still hitting all of our targets. As we build out more and more of an 
enterprise sales force, you're going to see us invest more and more in sales and marketing, but it's all embedded in that 
$2.05 and over $3 in 2016. 

<Q - Ross MacMillan>: That's great. And then just a clarification from me. Mark, you commented that the unit mix 
between suites and point products in your perpetual offering was 50/50. I think my reference was going back to the 
Analyst Day in 2013 when you described that install base of suites versus point products of 12.8 million, and I think it 
was more like two-thirds suites versus one-third point products. Is there some kind of bridge there that I'm not seeing to 
connect the 50/50 with that sort of two-third/one-third mix? 

<A - Shantanu Narayen>: Again, we'll go back and look at those numbers, Ross. I think from a revenue point of view 
versus units' point of view, there is a difference clearly, and revenue was more towards suites than it was towards point 
products, but we we'll get back to you on that one. 

<Q - Ross MacMillan>: Thanks so much, and congrats again. 

<A - Shantanu Narayen>: Thank you. 


<A - Mark S. Garrett>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Kirk Materne from Evercore ISI. Your line is open. 

<Q - S. Kirk Materne>: Thank you, and congrats on the quarter, guys. I guess maybe just first, Shantanu, you 
mentioned that when customers have come back to renew, they're renewing at a higher price than the promotional price 
they might have signed up on. I guess I just want to clarify that that's correct. 

And I guess, have you had any pushback from clients that maybe signed up on promotional? And I guess how are you 
dealing with that in terms of making sure that they obviously still feel like they're getting the value? I guess can you 
just give us some color on how that's been going, because you obviously have a much bigger cohort renewing at this 
point this year versus, say, last year. 

<A - Shantanu Narayen>: Sure. Well, just to clarify, the promotional pricing tends to be more on the CC Complete 
than it is on the CC Photography. 

<Q - S. Kirk Materne>: Right. 

<A - Shantanu Narayen>: So the CC Photography, you know the pricing is now the permanent pricing. And what we 
were trying to do was reflect that long-term customers of CS, if they had just bought CS6, they were entitled to 
promotional pricing for a year. And yes, I was saying that as they then retain or renew after a year, they are renewing. 

And I think the big reason for the renewal is they're seeing the amount of innovation that we're delivering. I mean we've 
delivered over 1,000 features. We now have mobile apps that we've delivered. They're looking at the services like share 
and sync, what we're delivering with fonts. So again, continues to be incumbent on us to demonstrate the value of a 
cloud service by constantly providing new value to them. 

<Q - S. Kirk Materne>: Great. And then just one for Mark. Mark, on the Digital Marketing side, obviously, in the 
back half of the year, you had a lot of sort of mix of Experience Manager and Campaign going more ratable. I guess 
will that cause the actual revenue growth of Digital Marketing in 2015 to be a little bit more back-end loaded? 
Meaning, you'll still be going up against those sort of headwinds in the first half of the year? Or am I sort of 
over-thinking that? Is the growth in bookings going to overcome that, so it's perhaps not as much of a step function in 
the back half of the year than I might be sort of assuming? 

<A - Mark S. Garrett>: You're right. It is going to be a little bit more back-end loaded. You also have seasonality 
going from Q4 to Q1, as I said, in Digital Marketing. So you're going to have a lower Q1 than you did in Q4, but up 
year-over-year. But you're right. It's going to be a little bit more back-end loaded because of that mix shift that you saw 
from 2014. 

<Q - S. Kirk Materne>: Okay. Great. I'll leave it there. I'll leave it to others. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Brendan Barnicle from Pacific Crest Securities. Your line is open. 

<Q - Brendan J. Barnicle>: Thanks so much for taking my questions. Shantanu, I wanted to follow-up on the 
Marketing Cloud. Some of our industry contacts have been suggesting that customers are starting to want to see more 
commerce apps and functionality tied more directly into their marketing platforms. Are you seeing that trend? And how 
do you see tying more commerce into the Marketing Cloud potentially? 

<A - Shantanu Narayen>: I think at the end of the day, Brendan, when people are re-platforming their website, 
commerce is definitely one of the key reasons why they're doing that. We have partnerships with virtually all of the key 


commerce providers, including hybris that's available through SAP. And so, I think what we find is whether it's an 
Adobe installation or whether it's one of the numerous partners that we have that's built digital transformation practices 
on our solution. They have all the tools that are required to take Adobe Experience Manager and tie into whatever 
commerce engine exists. So we view that as a partnership opportunity. 

<Q - Brendan J. Barnicle>: So you haven't seen it as a disadvantage that you don't have it natively? 

<A - Shantanu Narayen>: No, we don't. I think the big thing that CMOs really are focused on is how do they deliver 
really great rich interactive experience on mobile devices and tablets. And I think every report that you read out there 
demonstrates that we have the best technology in that space. 

<Q - Brendan J. Barnicle>: Terrific. And just a quick one. Mark, you mentioned in your prepared comments the slight 
dip in overall ARPU because of the Single App subscriptions. I was also wondering if there's any seasonality that you 
ever see in ARPU. I just didn't recall. Thanks. 

<A - Mark S. Garrett>: I don't think you should think about ARPU as seasonal. It's really driven by that blended rate, 
which I would encourage you guys not to focus on, is really driven by mix. Like we said, the ARPU across each 
offering through the year has either been consistent or, frankly, up throughout the entire year. 

<A - Shantanu Narayen>: The two things you might think of in that particular space, the first is education, and when 
there's an education season, there's a high potential for a lot more edu units during that season. 

The second thing I would say is that as we are seeing former Premiere Elements of PhotoShop Elements customers 
think about what a holiday purchase might be, the Creative Cloud Photography bundle is certainly, hopefully, high on 
their list of things that they want to get their kids and family. And so, I would say you'll see that a little bit seasonally in 
the holiday season. 

<Q - Brendan J. Barnicle>: Great. Thanks for the questions. 

<A - Shantanu Narayen>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Steve Ashley from Robert W. Baird. Your line is open. 

<Q - Steven M. Ashley>: Great. I'd just like to start and ask about ETLA activity. Maybe you could give us a little bit 
more color on how that performed in the period. And if there are any renewing ETLA agreements from a year ago, how 
that might have gone? 

<A - Shantanu Narayen>: So Steve, when you think about enterprise agreements, in the ETLAs for the Creative 
business or the Acrobat business, they tend to be three-year agreements. The vast majority tends to be three-year 
agreements. And so, they're not up for renewal really yet. 

Clearly, in the Digital Marketing business, we have renewals happening all the time and that continues to perform well. 
In fact, I would say that the organization has done a really good job this year of making sure that we drive new 
bookings growth over and above renewals at the existing levels. So I think the team's done a good job there. 

And with respect to color overall in that business, the enterprise business did really well in Q4 and I think that's why 
you see the strength. It's become a traditional Q4 seasonally strong quarter and I think that's just true of all enterprise 
companies. Europe did well. North America did well. Australia continues to be strong performance for us as well from 
a geo perspective. 

<Q - Steven M. Ashley>: Great. And just one follow-up. I'd like to ask about the Single App business, which has 
really been strong here and I think aided by the PhotoShop Lightroom which really helped you tap into a whole new 
vein of customers. Are there other opportunities similar to that to introduce single apps that might be more segmented 
and tap other new user groups? 


<A - Shantanu Narayen>: Well, I think with our mobile apps, Steve, we certainly believe that everybody is 
want-to-be creative and our job is to continue to make the power of our Creative tools available to everybody. So as our 
mobile apps, we've seen millions of downloads of the mobile apps that we've deployed at MAX, I think we definitely 
have opportunities to provide a different kind of a subscription service for the vast non-photographer Creative 
community, but at this point, we're still pretty [ph] – we're firstly (57:46) focused on the Creative and Photography 
segments, because those are the largest and those are the ones that are really where we need to focus. 

<Q - Steven M. Ashley>: Perfect. Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 

<Q - Shateel T. Alam>: Hi. This is Shateel Alam filling in for Heather. Thanks for taking my question. So you said 
your blended ARPU declined again this quarter. I understand now Single App subs are bringing this down, but you 
should have some positive factors offsetting this like promo pricing from Creative Cloud anniversarying. Just want to 
know when should we expect your blended ARPU to trough and begin increasing again? Should we expect that 
sometime in fiscal 2015? 

<A - Mark S. Garrett>: Well, again, we pointed out that 50/50 mix, because we want you to understand that there's a 
good chance that Single App will just keep growing and may grow faster than the fall for the reasons we mentioned and 
it does expand the market opportunity for us. So we view that as strategic and very positive. I don't think you should 
expect that ARPU number even though, again, I encourage you not to look at a blended ARPU number. I don't think 
you should expect that blended ARPU number to go up soon. We also have down the road other opportunities like 
Fotolia to help bring ARPU up. 

<A - Shantanu Narayen>: Hey, Walter, I just wanted to go back to your question as well, because I just looked at the 
data and what we said was right. The unit mix in the historical perpetual business was 50/50, which was inclusive of 
commercial, enterprise, education, upgrades, et cetera. And as I mentioned, the revenue mix was closer to 70/30. And I 
think the data that we presented in May 2013 was showing the installed base and not the annual unit mix of perpetual 
users and point product users. And so, if customers had multiple point products and as they migrate to suites, we do 
normalize that for – in our installed base data. So hopefully, that provides that, or Ross. 

<Q - Shateel T. Alam>: Just one follow-up. On Adobe Marketing Cloud that grew 15% this year, what drives that to 
25% growth for 2015? And is there any assumption of acquisitions in there? 

<A - Shantanu Narayen>: There's no assumptions of acquisition. 

<A - Mark S. Garrett>: Yeah, I was just going to say that. We don't assume acquisitions in our guidance. The growth 
really comes from the fact that, obviously, you're bringing more and more revenue in from bookings and you also don't 
have the big shift from perpetual to hosted like we had in 2014. The shift is for the most part going to stabilize now. 

<Q - Shateel T. Alam>: Okay. Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Robert Breza from Stern, Agee. Your line is open. 

<Q - Robert Breza>: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions, first of all. I was wondering if you could comment 
geographically whether you're seeing the Single App uptake, are you seeing it more here in North America, or 
geographically, just curious to understand kind of the geographical mix. Thanks. 


<A - Shantanu Narayen>: I think it's fairly consistent across all geographies. I won't point to any real difference in 
adoption right now between geographies. 

<Q - Robert Breza>: As you look at bringing in Fotolia into the group, I think in your prepared comments, you said it 
was mostly dominated in Europe today. How do you think or how do you plan to bring that more back towards the 
North American market? Just curious to understand the geographic. Thanks. 

<A - Shantanu Narayen>: Well, I think the first thing that we hopefully have is affinity with our customers and the 
brand that Adobe has in the U.S. market continues to be strong. I think they have really good technology, and that 
coupled with our brand and our ability to deliver that to our customers, we're confident. The surveys that we've done, 
again, as we said earlier, was that the Creative professionals continue to look for stock photography as a mechanism to 
start a particular creation, and over time, we can also provide value-add by helping integrate that within our products as 
well. 

<Q - Robert Breza>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities. Your line is open. 

<Q - Jay Vleeschhouwer>: Thanks. Good evening. Shantanu, I'd like to ask first for you about the product and 
services game plan for 2015 and beyond, based on some of the strategies that you and David laid out, for example, and 
Brad at the Summit back in March and at MAX just a couple of months ago. 

So at the Digital Marketing Summit, for example, you spoke very broadly about enabling what you called the real-time 
enterprise, and then spoke specifically about some core services that you need to deliver to enable that and also alluded 
to the possibility of Marketing Cloud turnkey solutions for the SMB market. So I'd like to ask if that's something that 
you're still looking to do? 

And similarly, at MAX, you talked about increasingly tiering or segmenting Creative Cloud. And so, is that, too, 
something that you're expecting to rollout in 2015 and beyond? And then I've got a follow-up for Mark. 

<A - Shantanu Narayen>: So Jay, first, with respect to the announcements that we made about the Marketing Cloud 
and as you pointed out, core services, clearly, we're hearing from our customers as they adopt multiple solutions that 
they want to continue to see things work more consistently across our solutions and the value-add that we can provide. 

So for example, the product that we have, Adobe Audience Manager, that's perceived to be a really key enabling glue 
between all of our products in order to enable people to use the same segmentation of users across Media Optimization 
or across Targeting or across Analytics. That's a great example of a core service. The visualization, the ability to, again, 
run a campaign across all of these different products is another one of the core services that I think the team continues 
to perform. 

And we've also always talked about the fact that we have all of these data transactions and the ability to derive insight 
from what's happening on those for our customers continues to be an area of value-add. 

And in SaaS-based businesses, unlike the perpetual product, we're constantly delivering that value-add to our customers 
right through the year. So yes, in 2015, we will continue to deliver more core services, and I would highlight Audience 
Manager as one of the key areas. The other one I think we've talked about also is media mix. All CMOs are trying to 
understand how they do media mix across each of their different channels. And I think that's another area that we have 
some unique technology. 

With respect to the Creative Cloud and the Creative business, we're excited about Fotolia. I think it represents a great 
opportunity in the sharing economy and the entire community can now participate, whether it's finding talent or 
whether it's being able to acquire stock. And so yes, expect to continue to see new services that are being added, and 
Talent Search and Fotolia are just the two most recent ones. 


<Q - Jay Vleeschhouwer>: Okay. And for Mark, in your prepared remarks, you suggested that in fiscal 2015, Doc 
Services revenue would be up only slightly, and that would be so in spite of your expectation, or I assume it's still your 
expectation of an Acrobat release next year? 

<A - Mark S. Garrett>: Yeah, yeah, Shantanu talked about a release in the first half of the year. And the only reason 
I'd say it's up slightly, Jay, is because we are driving more and more toward ETLAs in the enterprise. And you're seeing 
that in the ARR. 

<Q - Jay Vleeschhouwer>: Thank you. 

<A - Mike Saviage>: Thanks, Jay. We'll have time for two more questions. We're running past time already. Thank 
you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Samad Samana from FBR Capital Markets. Your line is open. 

<Q - Samad S. Samana>: Hi. Thanks for taking my question, and nice quarter. I would like to ask you on Fotolia. So 
Shutterstock would be a natural competitor, and it looks like they're growing around a 40% level. I was wondering if 
you could just give us an idea of how fast Fotolia was growing and how you're sizing that market? 

<A - Shantanu Narayen>: Well, in terms of the sizing of the market, I think we definitely view it as a multi-billion 
dollar market. You're right in that the other players in that space are growing very rapidly. We're not providing 
historical information on Fotolia today, but we certainly have high aspirations for the growth in that market for Adobe, 
as well as for the entire market. 

<Q - Samad S. Samana>: And then one follow-up to that. They offer both annual and monthly subscription plans. I 
know you're not disclosing the size of their subscriber base, but could you give us an idea of the mix between annual 
and monthly subscribers to see what their pricing model looks like? 

<A - Shantanu Narayen>: I think it's all a little early. We haven't even closed the deal. We've just announced the 
definitive. And I think as the business gets integrated into Adobe, we'll definitely, as we do with all of our other 
businesses, provide more color. 

<Q - Samad S. Samana>: All right. Great. Thanks for answering my questions. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Philip Winslow of Credit Suisse. Your line is open. 

<Q - Philip Alan Winslow>: Hi. Thanks, guys, for taking my question, and congrats on the continued growth here. I 
wanted to focus in on part of the Digital Marketing business. Mark had mentioned obviously, over the past couple of 
years, we've seen a lot of consolidation in this space, including you guys. Was wondering if we can get an update of 
what you're seeing sort of post-acquisition. Any change in sort of the competitive dynamics or how you're positioning 
the product, et cetera? 

<A - Shantanu Narayen>: Well, first, thanks on your comments on the quarter. I think with respect to Digital 
Marketing, there's no question that everybody views this as the most explosive enterprise category that exists. I think 
our unique differentiation continues to be the fact that we've targeted marketers. And when we talk about the fact that 
it's becoming the real-time enterprise, I think the tentacles of the Marketing Cloud are certainly spreading into the rest 
of the organization and needs to be integrated with that. 

I think in that context, we continue to see real great traction for our particular solutions, but the standard players, 
whether it's Oracle or IBM or Salesforce, I think they also see the opportunities that exist. We continue to do really well 


against each one of those competitors in the marketplace. 

Shantanu Narayen 

Given that's the last question, I just wanted to say that I'm really proud of what Adobe and our employees accomplished 
in both Q4 as well as FY 2014. We really continued to focus on delivering value and innovating in these large growing 
markets where we both have a license to play, as well as we believe we have tremendous customer affinity and a strong 
brand. 

We executed against our goals of adding ARR, migrating existing CS customers, as well as attracting new customers. 
And we continue to be really excited about the opportunity that we see ahead of us in Digital Marketing. More 
importantly, with the initiatives that we just announced, delivering a marketplace, integrating our marketing solutions, 
and re-imagining our Document Services, we believe we are positioning the company for even better things in the 
future. 

So thank you for joining us today, and happy holidays. 

Mike Saviage 

And this concludes our call. Thank you. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2014, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


