Q3 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Mindy Kohl, Director of Investor Relations 
• Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• David A. Zinsner, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer 
• Vincent Roche 
• Robert McAdam 
Other Participants 

• Jim Covello 
• Craig Ellis 
• Ross Seymore 
• Uche Orji 
• Terence Whalen 
• Steve Smigie 
• Shawn Webster 
• David Wong 
• Christopher Danely 
• Stacy Rasgon 
• Mark Lipacis 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon. My name is Courtney, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the Analog Devices fiscal third quarter 2010 earnings conference call. 

All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the opening remarks, there will be a 
question-and-answer period with our analyst participants. [Operator instructions]. Thank you. Ms. Kohl, you may begin 
your conference. 

Mindy Kohl, Director of Investor Relations 

Thanks, Courtney and good afternoon, everyone. 

This is Mindy Kohl, Director of Investor Relations. We appreciate you joining us for today's call. If you haven't yet 
seen our third quarter fiscal 2010 release, you can access it by visiting our website at www.analog.com and clicking on 
the headline on the home page. This conference call is also being webcast live from analog.com, select investor 
relations and follow the instructions shown next to the microphone icon. 

A recording of this conference call will be available today within about two hours of this call's completion, and will 
remain available via telephone playback for one week. This webcast will also be archived on our IR website. 


Participating in today's call are Jerry Fishman, President and CEO; Dave Zinsner, Vice President, Finance and CFO; 
Robbie McAdam, Vice President of Core Products and Technologies and Vincent Roche, Vice President of Strategic 
Market Segments and Worldwide Sales. We've invited Robbie and Vince who happened to be in the Boston area today 
to join the call to answer any questions you might have on their specific areas of focus. 

During the first part of today's call, Jerry and Dave will present our third quarter results, as well as our short-term 
outlook. The remainder of the time will be devoted to answering questions from our analyst participants. 

We have updated the schedules on our IR website which includes the historical quarterly and annual summary P&Ls 
for continuing operations, as well as historical quarterly and annual information for product revenue from continuing 
operations by end market and product type. 

Next, I would ask you to please note that the information we are about to discuss includes forward-looking statements, 
which include risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those we will be discussing. 
Factors that could contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to those described in our SEC filings, 
including our most recently quarterly report on Form 10-Q. The forward-looking information that's provided in this call 
represents our outlook as of today, and we do not undertake any obligation to update the forward-looking statements 
made by us. 

Subsequent events and developments may cause our outlook to change, therefore, this conference call will include 
time-sensitive information that may be accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast which is August 17, 2010. 

With that, let's begin with opening remarks from our CEO, Jerry Fishman. 

Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Mindy and thanks, everybody, for joining us today on the third quarter results call. 

Business conditions at ADI continued to strengthen during the third quarter. Revenues for the third quarter grew 8% 
sequentially and 46% year-over-year to approximately $720 million as we experienced strong demand across virtually 
every market we serve and also every geography. 

Gross margins and operating margins were both at record levels and were well above the levels that we planned for the 
quarter, primarily as a result of strong growth, favorable product mix, lower manufacturing costs, and continuing very 
tight operating expense control. Overall, we are making very good progress on continuing to focus ADI and in 
fundamentally improving our business model. 

Given the strength of current demand, we are planning for Q4 to be another quarter of growth, of increasing profits and 
a very strong cash flow. 

Clearly, we continue to closely monitor and closely analyze our customers' demand patterns to better understand the 
current order rates. Overall, our sense is that some product shortages from some of our competitors are causing some 
customers to boost their orders on ADI to some degree, but for the most part, our customers are reporting that their 
inventories are being well controlled relative to the demand they are experiencing from their end customers. 

In addition, there are very important macro trends in the industrial markets, the communications markets, the 
automotive markets, the healthcare markets, that are generating very strong growth opportunities for ADI, which are 
currently boosting our revenues. I will comment a little bit in more detail about some of these trends right after Dave 
reviews the financials for the quarter. 

In the short term, we're planning to build what our customers are telling us they need. We are planning to keep our lead 
times short. We are planning to keep tight control of our costs and to carefully monitor order rates for any inflection 
points in the future. 


It's important to note, as we look at it, that our current revenue levels are right on the curve of our long-term growth 
rate, if you eliminate the volatility of 2009 and 2010. We have also significantly increased the percentage of our 
operating expenses that are variable with sales and profits, which affords us considerable downside protection if the 
market does turn negative. 

So now let me turn the call over to Dave Zinsner, who will provide a little bit more details about our financial results. 

David A. Zinsner, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Jerry. 

As Jerry mentioned, third quarter revenues were $720 million, growing 8% sequentially and 46% from last year. Gross 
margins for the third quarter were 66.7%, and that's a 170 basis point improvement from the prior quarter. The increase 
was driven by slightly better utilization on higher sales, a slightly better mix, and lower spending resulting from the 
closure of our Cambridge manufacturing facility. 

Operating expenses for the third quarter were $229 million, a $9 million or 4% increase from the prior quarter, well 
above our sales growth – well below our sales growth. Sorry. Most of the increase was related to variable compensation 
expense, due to increased sales and improving operating margins. We are now approaching maximum variable 
compensation levels, which under our current plan, max out at current profit margins. 

Operating profits for the third quarter were $251 million, or 34.9% of sales, up 290 basis points from 32% of sales in 
the prior quarter. This was the fifth consecutive quarter that we expanded operating margins, which are now more than 
1,000 basis points above the prior peak, clearly demonstrating that we are, in fact, continuing to focus ADI and 
fundamentally improving our business model. 

Other income was approximately $200,000. 

Our tax rate was 20.6%, as we adjusted our annual rate from 21.3% to 21%, excluding the effect of restructuring 
expenses. And so our fourth quarter tax rate should be approximately 21%. 

Weighted average share count was flat at 306 million shares. 

As a result, earnings were $0.65 per diluted share, which is an 18% sequential increase from the prior quarter and an 
almost threefold increase from the prior year. As you know, our goal is to grow earnings at a faster rate than revenue, 
and this is the sixth consecutive quarter we were able to achieve that goal. 

Cash flow from operations was $225 million, or 31% of sales, and we closed the quarter with $2.5 billion in cash, or 

2.1 billion in cash, net of debt. Our accounts receivable balance increased approximately 8%, which was in line with 
sales, and our days sales outstanding remained flat at about 45 days. 
Inventories increased by 7%, which was slightly below our revenue growth this quarter and in line with our 
expectations for continuing growth in the fourth quarter. Our days of inventory increased slightly to just over 100 days. 

Although we feel that it is prudent to run at a slightly higher level of inventory to meet any upside in demand and keep 
our lead times short, our plan is for inventory to be below 100 days at the end of the fourth quarter, when you assume 
the midpoint of the revenue expectations. And this is in line with our model of 90 to 100 days. 

In dollar terms, inventory at distributors increased in line with increasing revenues but days of inventory remained flat. 
Distributors had approximately 57 days of inventory in the third quarter, and that's flat with the prior quarter. Our 
manufacturing team pays close attention to the inventory at distributors and works hard to keep the inventory at a 
healthy level, which we target to be approximately eight weeks. 

Likewise, the manufacturing team pays close attention to lead times to our direct OEM customers. This quarter, our 
lead times increased very slightly but, again, remained in good control, with 96% of our shipments to OEMs occurring 
within six weeks and 98% within eight weeks. 


By all accounts, we once again executed well, and as a result, we are running the business at a significantly higher 
profitability level versus prior peaks. 

Now, I will turn the call back over to Jerry who will discuss the results from each of our end markets and provide a 
short-term outlook. 

Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Okay. Well, with regard to our market performance, each of the market segments in the third quarter. First, I will just 
give you some comments on the industrial market. 

For the fourth consecutive quarter, we have seen strong sequential growth from the broad and diversified industrial 
market. In the third quarter, industrial revenues grew 8% sequentially to $341 million, which followed some very 
strong industrial quarters in the preceding two or three quarters. Our strong results were primarily driven by growth in 
the industrial automation and instrumentation markets, but virtually every application area within the industrial 
category showed sequentially improvement. 

In aggregate, industrial revenues represented 47% of our revenues during Q3. 

Activity in the industrial market continues to accelerate as manufacturers increase their capital spending, rather than 
their labor costs to increase productivity, reduce costs and meet demand. In addition, the drive towards energy 
efficiency across a broad range of industrial applications requires increased use of high performance signal processing 
technology from ADI. 

Interestingly, in the past few weeks we have heard commentary from our industrial customers that gives us confidence 
that they are ordering products from ADI in line with the demand that they are seeing from their customers. For 
example, ABB CEO's Joe Hogan said recently in his quarterly report, and I quote this, that, "...after a severe industrial 
recession over the last two years, customers have started again to invest in technologies for energy efficiency and 
productivity." 

And Emerson Electric, another one of our large customers said in their most recent filing, "Order growth for industrial 
automation remains very high across all businesses, with particular strength in the power generating, alternator, 
electrical drives, power transmission, and fluid automation businesses." These are all areas where ADI's technology is 
highly relevant. 

ADI supplies these and thousands of small customers, developing all kinds of measurement, test, and data acquisition 
products. Other of ADI's large industrial customers, such as Rockwell, Agilent, National Instruments and Danaher, just 
to mention a few, have also offered very similar commentary about the trends they are seeing in their business and at 
ADI specifically, we are benefiting from increased industrial sales in Asia, including China, as we replicate our very 
strong industrial position that we enjoy in the United States and Europe in what now is the fastest growing economies 
in the world. 

In the automotive business revenues were approximately $84 million, which is similar consistent with the prior quarter 
after a few quarters of hyper growth of automotive sales. Our sales to automotive customers represented 12% our total 
sales in the quarter. 

Again here, feedback from many of our automotive customers indicates that they believe that unit volumes have 
stabilized and that demand remains strong for high-end vehicles which is where ADI's technology is the most relevant. 
In addition, the macro trends within the automotive space, including safety, fuel efficiency and convenience are all 
continuing to drive higher electronics content and consequently much higher dollar content available for ADI. 

In summary, automotive has become a very attractive market for ADI, where we have the momentum from both 
increasing the available market for vehicles and increasing market share at ADI. 


In the communications market, our revenues were about $154 million in the third quarter, or up 14% sequentially 
versus the second quarter level. In aggregate, sales to our communications customers accounted for 21% of our sales 
during the quarter. 

The major focus for mobile operators remains servicing the mobile data demand and improving operating efficiency. 
So there's a mix of new deployments and upgrades to address the mobile data needs along with the refurbishment of the 
millions of existing sites with modern, multi-standard equipment to gain operational efficiency to the operator. 

You know, just recently one of our key customers, Ericsson, described mobile subscriber growth as a key driver for 
infrastructure capital spending, but also the ever-increasing need for higher bandwidth to support the dramatic increases 
in video demand pushes this need even further. 

ADI's position in this market continues to strengthen, as we hold major market share for our converters, our amplifiers 
and our RF radio frequency products on the radio cards of the largest and most successful infrastructure equipment 
companies in the United States, in Europe and also in China. 

We are equally optimistic about wireline communications, which had its fifth consecutive quarter of sequential 
improvement, delivering very good returns on the very significant investments we've made over the past few years in 
new applications for ADI such as optical and cable. 

Here, again, the need to drive voice, data, and video through the same network drives more sophisticated analog 
content within these applications. In the wired infrastructure communications business, we are very well positioned 
with products that deliver the performance required to advance network applications. 

Finally, in communications, our revenues from handset customers also increased in the third quarter. Although handsets 
represent a relatively small percentage of ADI's total revenues, we focused our new products on solving the most 
difficult multimedia and human interface challenges within smartphones which creates a richer user experience. Given 
the relative success these applications are having versus the broader handset market, we believe this segment has solid 
growth potential in the future for ADI. 

Revenues from the consumer end market were about $129 million, a 7% increase from the prior quarter. Our sales to 
consumer customers accounted for a total of about 18% of our sales, and were driven by strength in portable media 
devices, digital cameras, as well as several other consumer entertainment products. In aggregate, for most consumer 
products demand has been tepid as consumers endure a very tough external environment. However, in the electronics 
segment of the consumer market, growth has been reasonably strong. 

As a result, we have seen this market continue to recover as we enter what is usually a strong seasonal quarter for our 
consumer business in our fourth fiscal quarter. 

Finally, in the computing area, our computer revenues were flat sequentially but represented only 2% of our revenue. 
As we have mentioned in prior calls, and I think you are aware that the computing market is not a space where ADI is 
applying any significant R&D resources. 

So our new orders in aggregate were very strong in the third quarter. Our book-to-bill ratio in the third quarter as 
measured by end customer bookings, which we think is the more important measurement, was above one and our 
fourth quarter opening backlog is up from last quarter. 

So given these factors, we expect our revenues will grow to somewhere in the range of 740 to $770 million for the 
fourth quarter and once again we expect that growth will be broad-based across virtually all the end markets and all the 
geographies we serve. 

In Q4, we are planning for gross margins to again be in the range of 66 to 67% of sales. We expect that operating 
expenses will grow, but consistent with our model and our prior recent history, we expect the operating expenses to 
grow well below our revenue growth. As a result, we expect that our operating margin will improve to 35 to 36% of 
sales and earnings will grow to a range between $0.68 and $0.72. 


Obviously there continues to be a lot of uncertainty in the economies around the world and we will continue to closely 
manage our operating expenses corporate-wide. Notably today, approximately 17% of our operating expenses are 
variable, up from 9% when the cycle began, providing us the flexibility to rapidly modulate spending in response to 
changing market dynamics. Nevertheless, as I mentioned earlier, we are planning to build what our customers have 
asked, but we will continue to monitor order activity for any changes in demand pattern. 

Today, we continue to be one of the industry's most reliable suppliers and that gives us important competitive 
advantages not only in the short term, but I think more importantly in the long term as our customers decide who their 
long-term vendors are going to be. 

So in summary, we run our business according to a consistent set of priorities regardless of whether we are operating in 
an up cycle or a down cycle. We believe in our actions to strategically invest in innovative products that give our 
customers a competitive advantage, make fundamental improvements to our cost structure and deliver superior quality 
and superior reliability, which continue to provide very sustainable benefits for ADI going forward. 

Mindy Kohl, Director of Investor Relations 

Thank you, Jerry. 

During today's Q&A period, please limit yourself to one primary question and no more than one follow-up question. 
We will give you an opportunity to ask additional questions if we have time on the end. Operator, we are now ready for 
questions from our analyst participants. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Jim Covello>: Great. Thank you guys so much for taking my question. I appreciate it. Congratulations on the 
good results. 

A couple of questions. If we look at the – the communications segment, do you perceive any significant difference in 
wireline versus wireless as we go through the rest of the year in terms of strength of opportunity there? 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think it – you know, the market – obviously the 
markets move in different directions quarter to quarter. I think that our penetration in the wireless infrastructure market 
has always been very, very strong and our content has been increasing, which gives us good opportunity there. And 
then the wired, most of what we are seeing is increases in share in that business with some new product offerings and 
some new product categories for us. So I think the – you know, each of them for at least ADI, has very different 
drivers. 

Just reiterating in the wireless side, it's mostly more content in every base station. In the wireline side, it's just brand 
new functionality that we are offering into those markets that we never offered before. So I think it has more to do with 
our penetration of those markets than what – you know, how many routers some of the guys sell or how many pieces of 
equipment they sell. Ours is – in that regard, is mostly about new functions penetrating new applications for us in the 
wireline side. 

<Q - Jim Covello>: When you mention that – because that was going to be my next question relative to automotive. 
How much of the strength in automotive for ADI is the market versus content per box growth of ADI within the 
automotive segment now? 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I will make some introductory comments and 
then I will ask Vince, who runs the automotive segment for us, to talk a bit about it, but generally, it's mostly about 


penetration. It's new functions that are required on cars and some of those are in safety. I mean, you know, we have 
been supplying accelerometers in airbags for many, many years, but we are now supplying gyroscopes that go into 
stability and control. We're now doing a lot of sensors that manage engine characteristics and many other things and we 
are doing a lot of new functions that are going into the entertainment systems. So just in aggregate, I think for ADI, it's 
mostly about there are new functions that are penetrating new applications, not so much about the unit growth of the 
automotive market, but Vince...? 

<A - Vincent Roche>: No, I think that's well stated, Jerry. You know, we clearly see an increasing sum for the spaces 
that we provide technology and, you know, I think not only is the dollar content per car growing for us in terms of 
opportunity, but also we're increasing our market share, particularly in the safety area, and as Jerry pointed out, the 
gyroscope, which is a critical component that requires tremendous precision is – you know, is a technology that's being 
adopted in the – the active safety area. We are very well positioned there in the mid to high end. 

<Q - Jim Covello>: Is it possible...? 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It's always, Jim, somewhat dependent on the unit 
growth out there. 

<Q - Jim Covello>: Sure. 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think a larger part of our – the reason why 
automotive is now 12% of our sales and it used to be 6% is mostly because of penetration of new functions in cars that 
our technology is very well suited for. 

<Q - Jim Covello>: Could we quantify the SAM today, versus what it was a couple of years ago? 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: SAM that's available to analog? 

<Q - Jim Covello>: Yeah. 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think it's hard to do that. We certainly don't have 
those numbers here, but it's quite a bit larger based on the new technology that we are bringing to cars but I couldn't 
quantify that. 

<Q - Jim Covello>: Okay. Thank you so much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis with Caris & Company. 

<Q - Craig Ellis>: Thanks for taking the question and very nice job on the revenues and margins, guys. Jerry, you 
mentioned that you expected broad-based strength in the outlook. Does that mean you expect about equal growth from 
each of the end markets or do you expect particular end markets to be noticeably stronger than others? 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, we don't – we have our backlog and we 
look at that very carefully, but backlogs are not usually very representative of what you ship in the next quarter it turns 
out because they are so volatile. 

But I think conceptually, we generally see a stronger consumer quarter in the fourth quarter. That's in line with 
historical trends. So I think the only real anomalous thing in the fourth quarter is going to be we will probably get more 
than historical – previous historical quarterly increases in the consumer business which is very typical for our fourth 
quarter. I think other than that, we expect the automotive market to be up somewhat, the industrial market to be up 
somewhat, and the communications market to be up somewhat too. 

<Q - Craig Ellis>: Okay. That's helpful. And then the follow-up is for Dave. Dave, you have done a very good job 
really moving above both your target gross and operating margins. When does it make sense to revisit the target model 


and then you set forth an 8 to 12% revenue growth target for the company longer term at the analyst day. Has there – 
has there been anything that you have seen, either internally to ADI or externally that causes you to think any 
differently about long term revenue growth potential of the company? 

<A - David A. Zinsner, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: I'll answer the second one first. No, 
there's no changes in our outlook to what we think we can execute to on a long-term basis. 

As to the model, there's no update to the model at the moment. We are actually in the process of going through our 
2011 plan, and I suspect, you know, in the next few months we will have a lot more granularity as to what you can 
expect, but as we kind of looked through the P&L, as good as everything was, we saw opportunities to improve in 
several different areas. So I think the expectation is that, you know, we can continue to do better over time. 

<Q - Craig Ellis>: Thanks very much, guys. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Hi, guys. Congrats from me as well. Dave, just a couple questions on gross margin. Within the 
July quarter, how much did the fab closure help? And last quarter you kind of talked about one-third of the cost savings 
already being felt and two-thirds remaining. How should we think about the gross margin benefit going forward from 
those cost savings? 

<A - David A. Zinsner, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, as I said we had a 170 basis 
point sequential improvement in the gross margins and a fair amount of that came from the Cambridge – you know the 
lower cost of manufacturing we got from the closure of Cambridge. I think most of that is behind us. There may be a 
little bit more to go in the next quarter which will drive the gross margins up and then offsetting that, as Jerry talked 
about, you know, the mix of consumer, although it's been dramatically improving over the last few quarters and is 
actually getting closer and closer to our company average, still provides a little bit of headwind and so I think offsetting 
that is what we would kind of expect – I mean, that's kind of why we are expecting flat gross margins for next quarter. 

Anything else? I missed rest of your question, Ross. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: No, that was pretty much in on the gross margin one. I guess the one follow-up, Jerry, you 
mentioned a stat about the percentage of your OpEx that's variable. I just wanted to make sure I had the timing right. 
Right now you said it's 17%. The 9% of costs that was variable, was that at the beginning of this cycle? 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: ...and it's about 17% now. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: What was it two years ago? Like, at the prior peak? 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: That was two years ago. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Oh, about 9%. 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: About 9% and now it's 17%. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Okay, great. That was it. Thank you. 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: One follow-up to what Dave said, that I think it's 
important to emphasize. You know, for many, many years, we got a lot of feedback and concern from our investors 
about, you know, the only growth was going to be in consumer and the consumer margins were going to go down and 
therefore we are either going to have to lower the margins to get growth and all of that stuff. I think the point that Dave 
made, which I think is very, very important is that the consumer gross margins have come up quite a bit and they have 
come up quite a bit because – for two reasons. One is we got the cost of those products down quite a bit. The other part 
is we are now working our products that by and large we can get paid for, where some of the other products we were 


working on, had quite a bit lower gross margins. 

So, you know, the fact or the statement that Dave made that the consumer gross margins are now approaching the 
corporate total gross margins, they are still lower but not nearly as much lower as they used to be. I think is a very, very 
important point to point out there. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Uche Orji with UBS. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Can you hear me? 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Barely. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Jerry, first of all, congratulations on the numbers. Let me just ask you very quickly, utilization rate, 
any way you can quantify what utilization rate is now, and while you are answering that, you know, how much revenue 
can your current capacity support as unit demand continues to prove to be positive? 

<A - David A. Zinsner, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: So utilization was right around 80% 
this quarter, up from kind of the low 70s last quarter and we have actually been increasing the denominator. In other 
words increasing our capacity over the last few quarters with very nominal capital spending, I would say. 

So you know, as we kind of look through the next year, we are pretty optimistic, that you know, regardless of what the 
situation looks like for next year in terms of revenue, we think with just a little bit of capital, we can meet that demand. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: All right. Thanks for that. Just another question, quickly. Some other people that have reported 
recently all mentioned, you know, some area of tightness, be it in the back end or be it in the front end with some wafer 
capacity from the foundries. Are you noticing any of this at all? I mean, in terms of affecting any of your areas of 
business, be it from your founding partners or any of your back end companies that you use? 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Capacity, of course, with these kind of increases 
that semiconductor companies are reporting, is kind of tight, but in these parts of the cycle, it's the relationships that 
you build with the purveyors of capacity, be it front end or back end, that really differentiate one company versus 
another. And, you know, our manufacturing folks and our product folks have done a remarkable job in building 
relationships with the foundries and the back end suppliers that have really allowed us to get through the cycle so far 
with, you know – we reported a 46% increase year-over-year and we've kept our lead times short, which really goes to 
the quality of the relationships and also I think the quality of the people who decide how to build our products within 
the company. 

So, you know, foundries are – they make very careful selections when they are out of capacity of who to service and, 
you know, we have been very fortunate that we've had these relationships externally that have really helped us through 
that period. So, you know, we could have probably shipped a little bit more this quarter if we had a little bit more 
capacity, but I'd say by and large, the most important thing is we've had enough capacity that we have been able to 
garner to keep our lead times short, and to keep our customers believing that we are differentiating ourselves from any 
of our competitors. So I think we are in pretty good shape. We have been and I expect, unless something changes, we 
will continue to be. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Great. And one last question. Communications, you know, was the best performing segment in terms 
of sequential growth in revenues in the July quarter. As we look into your guidance, you know, 720 to 770, what will 
be the areas of focus in terms of what could drive it, you know, towards the higher end of that and I know this is a 
typical range you tend to guide but by segment, if I can get a sense of where the focus areas could be and where...? 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: That's – if I do that, I would know a lot more than 
I really know, but, you know, I think based on the backlogs we have, which is all we can really look for, we expect we 
are going to get growth in each of the segments and probably the highest growth at least if history is a good indicator of 


the future, is going to be in the consumer markets in the fourth quarter. 

But, you know, we just don't know that. One of the real challenges in diverse companies like ADI is sort of trying to 
pick where the – you know, what's going to grow in the short term more than others and what product to build and 
where to put on capacity and where to take it off. That's a very challenging thing for to us predict a long time in 
advance. But if there's any cyclical part of this thing or secular part of this thing, the fourth quarter is probably the 
consumer business will grow faster than the others but I wouldn't bet a lot of money on the accuracy of that prediction 
because we just don't know. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Okay. Thanks, Jerry. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Terence Whalen with Citi. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Thanks for taking my question. This one is for Dave. Dave, I think your net cash is about $2.1 
billion, have a significant potential to buy back stock. Ex-cash, your stock is at about 7.5 times your forward 12-month 
earnings. Can you talk a little bit about how you evaluate the opportunity for buyback and also remind us how much of 
your cash – how much of your gross cash is domestically versus internationally patriated? Thank you. 

<A - David A. Zinsner, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: About 750 million or so is domestic 
and the remainder is international. 

As far as use of cash flow, you know, at this point given the uncertainty, it's good to actually have some cash on the 
balance sheet. It was only 18 months ago where the world felt like it was coming to an end, so I think we're just trying 
to be cautious and prudent. I would say that we are doing a buyback right now. We have bought back some stock. We 
are also – we want to make sure that we maintain the dividend and that's very important to us and I think to our 
shareholders but we will continue to evaluate further buybacks as time goes on and we'll update you on that when we 
make a change. 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think, you know – I will add a little color to that, 
from my perspective, that we have a lot of cash and, you know, if we look out and assume the world is not going to 
come unglued, we have the potential to generate quite a bit of cash over the next couple of years. 

So I think there's lots of ways to get financial leverage when you are generating a lot of cash and we are looking at all 
of those. I think that's the best way to describe it. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Great and then as my follow-up question. This one is on simple gross margin mechanics. You 
guys are outperforming your target model right now, sort of at a record level of gross margins. How are we to think 
about – it seems that a lot of the one off improvements in gross margin related to manufacturing footprint, etcetera, 
have been realized. How should we think about gross margin, say, if you have a January quarter that's a seasonal 
quarter, down several percent, will we expect gross margin to decline half a point or a point? Can you give us some 
understanding of how we should think about that in the out quarters under a normal seasonal situation? Thank you. 

<A - David A. Zinsner, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: I think it would be difficult for to us 
tell – I mean, it's somewhat dependent on what the mix might look like, consumer, you know, if things were to fall off, 
consumer might fall off more and mix would be beneficial. It's tough to call, particularly two quarters out. Probably the 
best I could say is we could give you an update next quarter when we are closer to the first quarter. 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think the take away comment is probably that 
our stated goal and what we have been able to do so far is, you know, when these cycles get higher highs and higher 
lows. I think we are pretty confident that we can do that given the margin structure of the company. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Great and congratulations. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Steve Smigie with Raymond James. 

<Q - Steve Smigie>: Great. Thanks and also my congratulations on the great numbers. 

I was hoping you could talk a little bit about turns in the quarter and turns in the guidance. 

<A - David A. Zinsner, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, this one, as we looked at these 
numbers we decided they were almost irrelevant, if not completely irrelevant. The backlog that gets placed on us from 
the distis is almost an irrelevant number, given the fact that we recognize all of our revenue once the distis ship out. So 
it's relatively low because the distis – the turns requirement, that is, is relatively low, given that distis are placing a fair 
amount of backlog on us, but, you know, I think it would be almost worthless to give you any kind of number. 

<Q - Steve Smigie>: Okay. A separate question. I was hoping could you clarify. You made a comment earlier on your 
prepared remarks that you maxed out the compensation or something like that? I was just hoping could you discuss a 
little bit more. Does that mean that you will get more operating leverage going forward or less and just so – if you 
could just give a general discussion of what R&D and SG&A look like given what you said? 

<A - David A. Zinsner, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: That's a good question, Steve. As we 
kind of ramped our operating margins, one of the – you might call headwinds to the operating margin level has been the 
fact that variable comp has increased as operating margins have been increasing. There's a cap to that and we are really 
approaching that cap and so once we get beyond, I think, 36% or so of operating profit, as a percentage of sales, really 
there isn't any incremental variable comp or not very much, at least, variable comp that increases as operating margins 
and sales go up beyond that. 

So the leverage going beyond this if revenue were to ramp, or continue to ramp is actually – will start to accelerate. 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: You know, I think as David said in previous 
quarters, the largest ingredient in the OpEx increases that we've had over the last couple of quarters is variable comp 
because our goal in analog has always been over the last several years is to get more and more of the expenses being 
variable given the volatility out there in the industry. 

So you know, in some ways we've had a very aggressive plan at Analog to get our operating margins up. And we have 
accomplished many of those goals and as a result, the variable comp has moved up very quickly as the operating 
margins moved up by, as Dave mentioned earlier, ten points. And, you know, we always believed that was a very 
valuable way for us to run the business. It was valuable to investors and it gave us more variability in the fixed costs of 
the company. 

But, you know, like most plans, there's a cap on it and you get up to a certain level, it doesn't go down from there, but it 

– it doesn't go up from there like it's been going up at a pretty good rate. You know when you are putting up two or 
three points of operating margin improvement in a quarter, that variable comp formula is very reactive to that. 
So I think what Dave's basically saying is that, you know, it's going to sort of peak out around here a little bit higher, 
and any improvements above that are not going to raise the OpEx at the rate it's been raising it over the last couple of 
quarters, as we went from 25 to 35% operating margins. 

<Q - Steve Smigie>: Great. Thanks a lot, guys. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Shawn Webster with Macquarie. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Yeah, thank you. Maybe circling back up to the utilization rate question, it sounds like you 
expect it to tick up a little bit. I guess I was wondering, historically Jerry, in the past, what has been the highest 


utilization rate you have observed in the past for your business? 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We've had a period where utilization was 110%. 
Of course, we didn't get much out, and the lead time stretched out. 

But we can easily run our fabs up to 90 without any real problems. When you get above 90, you start to – you'd better 
be right on the mix, which is always hard to do. 

But I think the important point is that – and we said this I think in previous calls -- that the way the internal capacity is 
right now, we can incrementally add capacity with very low risk, very quickly, with very low capital. 

So I think what we are doing right now is we are making sure, with relatively small, incremental capital investments, 
that we can have whatever capacity in place that the customers need from us. 

We have a very strong fixation around analog about keeping the lead time short, because when the lead time starts 
extending, you get very confused about what real demand is. So for us, the sort of independent variable is the lead 
times. Everything else is dependent on keeping those lead times short. 

So as you can see in the capital spending for the quarter, we raised the capital spending a little last quarter. I think that's 
mostly to make sure that whatever the customers tell us they want, we can ship to them pretty responsibly. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: And do you expect your lead times to tick out a little bit more during this quarter before they 
stabilize? 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Depends on our plants. 

Like I said, the independent variable for us is lead times. Everything else comes from that determination. And our goal 
for lead times is to keep them about where they are going forward, because we really think both in the short and the 
long term, it gives us a great competitive advantage. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: And on that thread, how much would you say of your business, in terms of percent of revenue 
or however you think about it, is business which is second sourced, where near term, you have a chance to gain share 
from competitors who may have tighter supply conditions than you have? 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think it's relatively small. 

As we think about the lead time question, you know, it's much more important in the long term than it is in the short 
term of how much you can pick up a few more percent short-term revenue, which I think we have probably picked up. 

But the most important thing about lead times now is, you know, the large customers just get absolutely infuriated 
when -- because semiconductor vendors can't ship product for whatever reason, they can't ship their products, and it 
costs them market share. 

So I think all the feedback we are getting from our large customers right now is that we have distinguished ourselves on 
the lead time question, and that's going to really influence their long-term decisions, where they have a couple of 
choices, as they always do, of who are going to be the critical strategic vendors for these customers. 

So I think the effect of lead times is much more long term in nature than the short-term advantage you get on relatively 
few parts that they use second sources for that we get orders for, if one of our competitors can't deliver. I think it's 
much, much more important in the long term than it is in the short term. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay, thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of David Wong, Wells Fargo. 


<Q - David Wong>: Thanks very much. The percentage of your revenues that come from products made at foundries, 
has this – roughly what is this? And has this percentage been rising or falling in recent quarters? Do you expect it to go 
up or fall in coming quarters? 

<A - David A. Zinsner, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: It's been relatively flat over the last 
few quarters. We are roughly running about 50/50. And I don't see any reason why it would change, although we are 
not really trying to manage that number. It's really a function of mix, based on where -- the products we have designed, 
and where they are manufactured and how well they do. 

<Q - David Wong>: Right. And at current levels of utilization, is your blended gross margin from products made at 
foundries above or below the products made internally? 

<A - David A. Zinsner, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Usually, products manufactured 
internally carry a better margin. 

<Q - David Wong>: Great. Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Chris Danely with JPMorgan. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: Thanks, guys. First of all, congrats on some outstanding margin expansion, getting above 
the previous peak. 

My first question is on the end markets. Now that things seem to be, you know, settling down a little bit, is it your 
impression that we are going to get back into a more normalized revenue growth/end market scenario from here on out? 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, that's certainly the hope. I mean, you know, 
there's a lot of different scenarios that could play out here. One is that the whole increase of what everyone has seen in 
the last 12 months is just an anomalous bubble, and the whole world is going to collapse and go back to where it was in 
2009 again. 

But, you know, if you – I mean, that's why the comments I was making earlier about when we look at – if you draw the 
line between where the world was before the disaster and the recovery this year, that growth line is pretty consistent 
with where we are now, which would at least lead some credence to the fact that what we will see is a return to more 
normal long-term growth rates in these markets. And there won't be a huge correction from these kind of numbers that 
we are seeing right now. 

But, you know, there are a lot of different people that have a lot of different opinions about that and we don't know 
much more than they do about that, but certainly there's quantitative rationale for that belief, that things will, you know, 
get back to more normal patterns and there won't be a huge collapse. 

You know, of course, like I said, there's different opinions on that and at these kind of valuations, I think there's a lot of 
people who believe the world is going to come unglued and, you know, that happens to be their opinion. You know, we 
don't know more than you do about that. So it's hard to predict. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: Yeah, I know less than nothing. But most importantly, you are not seeing any concern on 
your end customers, right? 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: Great. And then on the second question, in terms of the going forward gross and operating 
margin drivers from here, you know, could you just maybe comment on those and are there any further step functions 
in improvement we could see in either? 


<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I don't relax on these margins either. Yeah, I 
mean, we are constantly looking to get the mix better. We are constantly looking to – for ways to improve our costs. 
You know, we still have some product areas that are not earning the right returns that we are trying to make better. So 
there's always opportunity for continuing improvement and, you know, we are – we have been very aggressive at 
reaching into those and I think we will continue to be aggressive on that. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: Great. Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Sanford Bernstein. 

<Q - Stacy Rasgon>: Hi guys, thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if we could drill a little bit into the 
industrial business. So right now, you've had four quarters or so of very good growth in that business. I was wondering 
if you could go maybe a little bit more granular into the drivers or what has been driving that business well above 
previous peaks? Maybe if you could give a little bit of comparison to the prior peak, say in 2008 and versus, say, the 
trough that we saw in 2009. Any color on new markets that you are in that you weren't in back then? Any color on 
market recoveries? Any color on share gains? 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I will make one introductory comment and then 
turn it over to Vince. I think if you really look at the industrial revenues we are not running significantly higher on a 
running rate basis than we were in 2008. So, you know, it's a little bit higher, but, you know, in general, if you just 
project normal growth from 2008 to 2010, where we are, you would be about where the industrial revenues are, which 
at least gives some credence to the fact that maybe we are just going to start growing at more normal rates going 
forward and not that there's a cliff. 

I mean, it's important to remember that in 2009 our industrial revenues were down 25%, which is a staggering number 
in a market that's relatively stable. So I think you have really got to draw the long-term lines rather than look at any 
quarterly peak or valley to try to see where we are. And when you draw that line in the industrial market you conclude 
that if the world hadn't had the peaks and valleys, these are about the rates that we would be at if things had been 
normal over the last two years. But with that, in terms of some of the segments, I will turn it over to Vince. 

<A - Vincent Roche>: Thanks, Jerry. Yeah, the industrial sector for ADI is really dominated by the industrial 
automation and the instrumentation sectors. Both of those have been tremendously strong over the last four or five 
quarters, and I would say in terms of, you know, getting a boost from a new growth area, I would say the energy sector 
is beginning to emerge as a significant piece of the industrial business now as well. 

I would also say from a geographic perspective, that's what very encouraging to ADI is that our business in Asia, 
particularly in China and the Asia Pacific region, showed the highest growth very, very high growth in the last couple 
of quarters when compared to the more developed markets which means we are, I think, gaining share and getting good 
traction with the emerging customers with the broad base of products that ADI has got. 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: You know, historically, we've always, as Vince 
said, been extremely strong in the industrial market in the U.S. and Europe. And what we have been working hard on 
for the last four or five years is developing the same relative strength in China and the rest of Asia, as we have in the 

U.S. and Europe. But, you know, that's been a real slow process. It takes forever to get at a lot of those small accounts 
and, they are all over weird geographies and so on. But we are getting some real traction on that and that is really 
helping us in the industrial product area. 
You know, I don't know for many of you who went to – attended our analyst meeting six months ago or so in Boston, I 

– you might remember that Mike Britchfield, who runs our industrial business, got up and said that his goal is to not 
only be the most profitable business in Analog, which he is today, but also be amongst the highest growth if not highest 
growth in Analog and he went into a fair amount of detail on each of these sub segments, some of which you 
mentioned, some of which you didn't, of why he believed that, you know, the industrial business can grow at or above 

the average rate for Analog. I think in the summary comments I said, you know, Mike is a serious guy. I wouldn't bet a 
lot of money against Mike, who is an expert and has been around the industrial customers for years and scoping out 
these opportunities. 

And, you know, I think we are seeing some of the benefits of that. 

<Q - Stacy Rasgon>: Got it, thank you. And for my follow-up, just one quick question. You said that you are doing a 
buyback. I noticed you bought back a little bit this last quarter, about $4 million. Does that imply that that's the 
beginning of a buyback that's continuing into Q4? 

<A - David A. Zinsner, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, we have, I think it's 
somewhere in the range of $90 million of approved buyback and so at the moment, we are just – we have been buying 
back kind of the dilution associated with the options, so assuming that there's dilution next quarter, that program would 
be set up to do that and we are evaluating, you know, broader buybacks and what – and trying to balance that with the 
other uses of cash that we might have. 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think, you know, conceptually we have just 
been nibbling at it a little bit. We haven't been inspired recently and we are evaluating exactly what we want to do 
about the financial structure of the company going forward. 

<Q - Stacy Rasgon>: Got it. Thank you, guys, congratulations. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Mark Lipacis of Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Mark Lipacis>: Thanks for taking my question. You talked about the variable comp maxing out at 36%. Does 
that reset? Do you guys reset that next year? Thanks. 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, we – next year we're – we haven't yet 
determined the bonus plan, the variable comp plan, but it's – I expect when we do, we are going to have both a margin 
component and a sales growth component, because, you know, for the last couple of years, it's mostly about getting the 
margins up. For the next couple of years, you know, sales growth is equally important to margin growth. So I expect 
that when we look at, that we are going to reset the targets and decide the various – at what level we want to pay what 
bonus. But I think it's probably fair to say no matter how well we do next year, it's unlikely that the variable comps are 
going to be higher than they were this year. 

<Q - Mark Lipacis>: Okay. Thanks. That's helpful. The other question, Dave, you mentioned the – pretty good 
visibility into distributor inventories. For the products you ship directly, could you just qualify or provide color like 
how do you think about inventories at customers you are shipping direct to? What do you think about the kind of 
visibility you have there and how they are tracking and behaving? Thanks 

<A - David A. Zinsner, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, we utilize their bookings. 
Most of them provide some level of forecast and then Vince and his team have a fair amount of dialogue with them 
directly to understand what their needs are. You know, we are not obviously getting automated reports from them every 
week on their inventory levels like we get at the distis, but we get a lot of – I guess what you'd call more qualitative 
understanding and I would say probably it affords us almost as much visibility as the distis, really, at the end of the day. 

<Q - Mark Lipacis>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your last question comes from the line of Steve Smigie with Raymond James. 


<Q - Steve Smigie>: Great. Thanks. Sorry to squeeze in a last one. On the auto business, I noticed it was flat 
sequentially. Obviously you've had some great quarters in a row and huge year-over-year growth. Now that we have 
sort of, you know, come up from some pretty low levels, how should we think about that progressing over coming 
quarters? Is that going to be a sequential grower given the dollar content gains, new features, etcetera? Maybe a secular 
type sequential pattern if you could? 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So quarter to quarter, it's very hard to predict any 
sectors and segments and what's going to happen, but, you know, I'd say if we assume a relatively stable economy out 
there, you know, I would say that the auto business will grow sequentially year to year, and -- and that's about all we 
can predict right now. I mean, it's -- it's very challenging to predict any quarter what any of the segments will grow. 

I mean, Vince said earlier that his expectations were Q4, that based on the backlog and what we have seen, we're going 
to get some more growth in the automotive business. That's our plan right now. We will see how that turns out. 

<Q - Steve Smigie>: Okay. And just on the converter business, can you talk a little bit about how you are thinking 
about that and how you are managing that? Are you managing that business at this point for share gain? Are you 
managing it just for overall general growth? And if you could talk a little bit, just generally about maybe product 
introduction, I'm just trying to understand how you are thinking about the growth opportunity in that – the next year, 
roughly? 

<A - Robert McAdam>: First of all, the converter business is we have thousands of customers across all segments and 
thousands of products. So it's a very fragmented business and I don't think – you know, it's not a business where you 
tweak a price and you change your growth curve. We look at this as long term. We have a market share of 46% in 
converters which is unique in the industry to have that kind of share leadership. And, you know, it's obviously job one 
for this company to maintain our share, both in terms of technology and in terms of market in this space. I think as we 
look at each segment differently, Jerry and Vince mentioned what we are trying to do to increase our industrial 
business. 

So I think it's not -- we don't look at it as a tradeoff between growth and share necessarily. We say how do we 
maximize and maintain our leadership position across all dimensions of this converter business over a long period of 
time, as we have over the last 20 – or 40 years, in fact, and consistently through the last ten years. 

So I think it's more – it's a great franchise. We have a fabulous position with our market share and maintaining our 
position, our leadership is the way we look at it without being too numerical about it. 

<Q - Steve Smigie>: Okay. Is it – is it a certain number of product introductions you are trying to hit every quarter to 
maintain that leadership position or is that just the wrong way to think about it? 

<A - Robert McAdam>: Again, it's fragmented. We have a range of products for industrial, for consumer, and 
products for automotive. So it's very application specific and so we have a strategy for each market and submarket 
segment, and we have core technologies that we, you know -- certain products are introduced to push the core 
technology further, even before the anticipated demand. 

So you know, we are investing a lot of R&D in the converter space and more than anybody else, and that's something 
that – you know, that's – we feel we are investing the right amount to really maintain leadership in that space. 

<Q - Steve Smigie>: Great. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Robert McAdam>: Thank you. 

Mindy Kohl, Director of Investor Relations 

Okay. That concludes our Q&A session for today. We appreciate your participation and look forward to talking with all 
of you again during our fourth quarter 2010 conference call scheduled for November 22, 2010, beginning at 5:00 PM 
Eastern. Thanks very much. 


Operator 

This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


