Q4 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Mindy Kohl, Director of Investor Relations 
• Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• David A. Zinsner, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer 
• Vincent Roche 
Other Participants 

• Tim Luke 
• Terence Whalen 
• Jim Covello 
• Doug Friedman 
• John Pitzer 
• Shawn Webster 
• Uche Orji 
• Christopher Danely 
• Ross Seymore 
• David Wong 
• Stacy Rasgon 
• Andrew Banish 
• Craig Ellis 
• Vijay Rakesh 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon, my name is Marcelo and I will be your conference facilitator. I would like to welcome everyone to 
Analog Devices' fourth quarter and fiscal year 2010 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to 
prevent any background noise. After the opening remarks there will be a question-and-answer period with our analyst 
participants. [Operator instructions]. 

Thank you, Ms. Kohl you may begin your conference. 

Mindy Kohl, Director of Investor Relations 

Thanks and good afternoon everyone. This is Mindy Kohl, Director of Investor Relations. We appreciate you joining us 
for today's call. 

If you haven't yet seen our fourth quarter of fiscal year 2010 release, you can access it by visiting our website at 
www.analog.com and clicking on the headline on the homepage. This conference call is also being webcast live from 
analog.com select Investor Relations and follow the instructions shown next to the microphone icon. 

A recording of this conference call will be available today within about two hours of this call's completion, and will 
remain available via telephone playback for one week. This webcast will also be archived on our IR website. 


Participating in today's call are Jerry Fisherman, President and CEO, David Zinsner, Vice President of Finance and 
CFO, and Vincent Roche, Vice President of Strategic Market Segments and Worldwide Sales. During the first part of 
today's call Jerry and Dave will present our fourth quarter fiscal 2010 results as well as our short-term outlook. The 
remainder of the time will be devoted to Jerry, Dave and Vince answering questions for our analyst participants. 

During today's call we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that have been adjusted for certain 
non-recurring items in order to provide investors with useful information regarding our results of operations and 
business trends. We have included reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable 
GAAP measures in today's earnings release which is posted on the IR website. 

In addition, we've updated the schedules on our IR website which included historical quarterly and annual summary 
P&Ls for continuing operations as well as historical quarterly and annual information for revenue from continuing 
operations by end market and by product type. 

Next, I would ask you to please note that the information we are about to discuss includes forward-looking statements 
which include risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those we will be discussing. 
Factors that could contribute to such differences include but are not limited to those described in our SEC filings, 
including our most recent annual report on Form 10K. 

The forward-looking statement that is provided on this call represents our outlook as of today and we do not undertake 
any obligation to update the forward-looking statements made by us. Subsequent events and developments may cause 
our outlook to change. Therefore, this conference call will include time-sensitive information that may be accurate only 
as of the date of the live broadcast which is November 22, 2010. 

With that, let's begin with opening remarks from our CEO, Jerry Fisherman. 

Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Well, good afternoon and thanks for joining us on today's fourth quarter earnings call. 

The fourth quarter was another very strong quarter for ADI and really the culmination of a year of very significant 
achievement for the company. Revenues for the fourth quarter increased 7% sequentially, 35% year-over-year, to $770 
million, which was the upper end of the guidance we provided you last quarter. We experienced strong demand across 
virtually every market that we serve. Profitability reached record levels as we achieved gross margins for the quarter of 
67%, operating margins for the quarter of 37.1% and earnings per share of $0.73. We also generated 36% of our sales 
or $274 million in operating cash flow for the quarter. 

Communications and automotive revenues were particularly strong during the quarter. We also experienced sequential 
growth in the industrial market and also the consumer market. And I'll elaborate a little bit more on the end market 
details after Dave discusses the financial results in a bit more detail. 

Driving our success in Q4 and throughout the entire fiscal year is our operating model which we structured to get the 
upside while simultaneously protecting against the downside. Getting the upside is about maximizing our ability to 
capitalize on key strategic opportunities in front of us with sustainable proprietary advantages, ensuring that we can 
deliver the products as required by our customers and provide them with very high levels of technical support and great 
service around the world. 

Clearly, our new organizational structure, which fundamentally reorganized ADI into products and market groups, has 
increased our alignment with our customers, it has heightened our understanding of their applications and their systems 
architecture, it has enabled us to provide much more complete solutions and at the same time it has helped us further 
refocus our investments on those products and those markets where our innovations add sustainable value and we can 
get paid for them. During 2010 this new team operated at extremely high-performance levels and has already had a 
very significant impact on our strategic planning and our execution. 


This year we also continued to implement a fundamentally lower and more variable cost structure that not only 
optimizes our profitability under favorable market conditions but it also affords us considerable down side protection if 
the market turns negative. It's now a very significant advantage to now have a cost structure in which approximately 
17% of our operating expenses are variable. This provides us with the flexibility to modulate spending in response to 
changing market dynamics. This is all about what we at ADI call protecting the downside. 

So with that I'll turn the call over to Dave who will provide a few more details about our financial results. 

David A. Zinsner, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Jerry. As Jerry mentioned, fourth quarter revenues were $770 million, growing 7% sequentially and increasing 
35% from last year. Gross margins increased for the fifth consecutive quarter to 67% in the fourth quarter an increase 
of 30 basis points from the third quarter. 

Operating expenses for the fourth quarter were $230 million, a $1 million or 0.6% increase from the prior quarter. The 
increase was primarily related to variable compensation increases. As you know, most of the increase in expense since 
the beginning of the cycle has been variable and the variability of our operating expenses enables us to react quickly in 
times when revenue might be lower. 

Operating profits for the fourth quarter were $286 million or 37.1% of sales, up 220 basis points from 34.9% of sales in 
the prior quarter. Operating profit increased sequentially by $35 million or 14% in the fourth quarter on a $50 million 
or 7% revenue increase representing a 70% drop-through of incremental revenue to operating profit. This was the 
eighth consecutive quarter in which we expanded operating margins which are now more than 1200 basis points above 
the prior peak. 

Other income was approximately $2 million which was due to a one-time gain on the sale of some unused real estate. 

Our tax rate was 21.9% as we adjusted our annual tax rate from 21% to 21.3%, excluding the effect of restructuring 
expenses. We expect our tax rate to be approximately 21.5% in fiscal 2011. Our weighted average share count was 307 
million shares and should be relatively flat for the foreseeable future. Earnings per diluted share were $0.73 which is a 
12% sequential increase from the prior quarter and more than double our EPS in the same period a year ago. For the 
year, we increased earnings per share by $1.48 or 174%. 

Our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.22 per outstanding share of common stock which will be paid on 
December 22, 2010, to all shareholders of record at the close of business on December 3, 2010. And the Board also 
authorized the repurchase of an additional $1 billion of common stock under our existing share repurchase program. 

Free cash flow was strong at $237 million or 31% of sales for the quarter and we closed the year with $2.7 billion in 
cash as compared to 2.5 billion at the end of the third quarter. For the year, we generated $880 million in free cash 
flow, roughly 32% of sales. 

Our accounts receivable balance increased sequentially by approximately 8%, in line with our sales growth and our 
days sales outstanding increased by one day to 46 days in the fourth quarter. Inventory at the end of the fourth quarter 
increased by 5% compared to the immediately prior quarter and we successfully brought our days of inventory back 
within our range at 100 days. 

We are planning to keep very tight control of inventory for the next quarter until we are more certain about the shape 
and timing of revenue in the short-term. Specifically, we are planning to keep the inventory on our balance sheet and at 
distributors basically flat in absolute dollars in the first quarter assuming the midpoint of our sales guidance. 

Lead times for our direct OEM customers remain similar to last quarter and are in good control with 96% of our 
shipments to OEMs occurring within six weeks and 97% within eight weeks. As you know, we distinguished ourselves 
during 2009 and 2010 by keeping our lead times short. 


In summary, we wrapped up 2010 with another strong quarter, perhaps the finest in our history. And we are pleased to 
be operating well above the target model we presented to investors early in the year during our analyst day. As we enter 
2011, we have confidence that we can operate the business at current margin levels assuming current sales levels, with 
some remaining leverage as revenues increase. This would increase our model from the level communicated earlier this 
year. Equally important, we believe that we can operate at this level of profitability and still maintain revenue growth 
of between 8-12% for reasons that we outlined during our analyst day. 

And now I'll turn the call back over to Jerry who will discuss results from each of our end markets and provide a 
short-term outlook. 

Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Yeah, hi, I'm going to talk a bit about each of the end markets, what happened in the fourth quarter and some of the 
drivers that we believe are present in some of those markets going forward. 

In the industrial market, for the fifth consecutive quarter our revenues from the broad and diversified industrial 
customer base that we have, which is 45% of our total revenues, increased sequentially again. 

Q4 industrial revenues grew about 3% to $349 million which is in line with what we typically see seasonally in our 
fourth quarter. Our sequential industrial growth was principally attributable to sales increases in energy and healthcare, 
but we also enjoyed good growth from our broad base of smaller industrial customers that total many tens of thousands 
of customers. 

On a regional basis the sequential growth in industrial and instrumentation revenues was the result of sales increases 
primarily in Europe, in Japan, and in China. Overall, we continue to see demand from industrial and instrumentation 
customers being driven by the need for solutions that increase energy efficiency, industrial productivity and security, 
which, in turn, require the use of very high-performance signal processing technology that's unique at ADI. 

Revenues from our automotive customers were approximately $93 million which was an increase of 12% from the 
prior quarter. Sales to our automotive customers represented approximately 12% of our total sales in the quarter. As 
expected in the automotive market we saw weaker demand through August which was mostly attributable to seasonal 
weakness from summer shutdowns and model year changeovers. This was followed by a strong recovery in automotive 
sales in September and October which in the end gave us record revenues in automotive for the quarter. 

We continue to see very favorable macro trends for ADI within the automotive space including safety, fuel efficiency, 
and convenience, which all drive higher dollar content for ADI. For example, in the area of safety, stability control 
continues to gain market adoption due to legislation and due to increased consumer awareness. In addition to North 
America and Europe, new legislation for stability control systems is now being planned for implementation in Korea, in 
Japan, and also in Australia. This widespread deployment of stability control systems is driving sustained growth 
opportunities for our MEMS gyroscope products. 

It also appears that consumers are gaining interest in advanced driver assistance features such as lane departure 
warnings and reverse camera console views, many of which use our DSP, our data converters and our RF products. As 
a final example in the area of powertrain solutions, we're seeing great traction with respect to the use of our high 
precision data converter products in battery monitoring and in control systems that are used in hybrid and electric 
vehicles. 

So in summary, the automotive market continues to represent a very attractive growth opportunity for ADI where we 
have the momentum for both increasing the served available market for vehicles and at the same time increasing our 
share in those applications. 

Communications revenues were about $179 million in the fourth quarter, up 19% versus the third quarter. Sales to 
communications customers accounted for 23% of our overall sales in Q4. Wireless infrastructure sales were at record 
levels driven by strong base station demand in the U.S. and in China. The TD-SCDMA Phase IV rollout in China, U.S. 


related demand and the gradual replacement of GSM by 3G drove the increase in demand and revenues were up at all 
of our major OEM customers for wireless infrastructure in the fourth quarter. 

ADI's position in this market continues to strengthen as we hold major market share for our converters, our amplifiers 
and our RF products on the radio cards at the largest and most successful infrastructure equipment companies in the 
U.S, in Europe and China. In addition, our penetration in backhaul applications continue to grow and that's also now an 
area where we command a leadership position. 

Finally, revenues from handset customers increased again in the fourth quarter. Although handsets represent a 
relatively small percentage of our revenues, we have focused our new products on solving the most difficult multimedia 
and human interfaces challenges within smartphones which creates a much richer user experience. Given the relative – 
the relative success of these applications – that they're having versus the broader handset market, we believe that this 
has solid growth potential for ADI going forward. 

Revenues for the consumer end market were about $135 million, a 2% increase from the prior quarter. Sales to 
consumer customers accounted for 18% of our total sales for the quarter and were driven by strength in digital cameras 
as well as several other consumer entertainment products. While we're very pleased to see some growth in the computer 
product sales – the consumer product sales in Q4 we did experience lower consumer demand than we would typically 
experience in the fourth quarter as manufacturers who typically build ahead for the holiday season remain cautious 
during the quarter. 

And finally, computing revenues were approximately flat sequentially representing just 2% of our revenues. As we've 
mentioned before, the computing market is not a space where ADI is applying any significant R&D resources. 

On a regional basis our revenues increased sequentially in most regions in Q4 with the most significant revenue growth 
for the quarter in China. 

So let me now turn to the outlook for the first quarter of 2011. As Dave mentioned, clearly lead times have contracted 
industry-wide, as supply has improved and as customers are not requiring as much inventory to meet production levels. 
This translates into lower backlogs for suppliers, coupled with a higher percentage of turns orders which immediately 
are shippable in the same quarter. As a result, our book-to-bill ratio for Q4 as measured by end customer bookings was 
a little below one. 

During the fourth quarter, we experienced a roll off in orders in late August and September but we also saw a strong 
rebound in October which enabled us to post revenues at the very top of our previous guidance range. 

Overall, customer feedback from a wide variety of customers in most end markets indicates that they believe their 
demand remains strong although certainly their visibility remains low. In this environment, we expect to continue to 
operate with less backlog and higher turns, particularly during the first quarter. So as a result we're planning for our 
first quarter revenues to be in the range of 715 to $740 million which are down 4-7% sequentially but up 19-23% on a 
year-over-year basis. 

This guidance reflects typical industrial seasonality, coupled with potentially lower consumer demand. Our current plan 
is for revenue growth to resume in Q2 but we'll need to carefully monitor order patterns during the quarter to 
substantiate the assumptions in our current plan. We're planning for our gross margins to be approximately 66% of 
sales in Q1 as we slightly adjust our production levels to keep our inventories in line and we expect our operating 
expenses will decline by approximately 2% sequentially and our operating margins will be in the range of 34.5 to 
35.5% of sales. That should produce earnings in the first quarter in the range of $0.63 to $0.67. 

So in summary I'm extremely proud of what the ADI team accomplished during fiscal 2010, as all the work we've done 
to fundamentally and permanently improve our business model came together during the year to produce impressive 
results by every measure. Of course, while some of our success in 2010 was the result of favorable market conditions, 
we also executed almost flawlessly and we managed to capture the upside that was available to us. At the same time we 
believe we positioned ADI to respond to whatever market fluctuations do occur. 


In 2011 we're planning to continue our mission to produce solid growth rates and margins by doing what we do best, by 
developing innovative technology that makes a difference to our customers and delivering that technology to our 
customers when they need it, and at competitive costs. 

So I would say in summary there are three themes that summarize in aggregate our thinking about ADI going forward. 

Number one, in the short-term, we believe that we've entered a very typical phase of the semiconductor cycle. Industry 
lead times have compressed and customers believe that supply and demand are in much better balance. As a result, 
we'll likely achieve a higher percentage of our revenues in the short-term from turns that are placed and shipped during 
the same quarter and we will operate with somewhat lower backlogs. We intend to keep our lead times short; we intend 
to keep our inventories under tight control. Right now our business levels overall are very stable. 

We believe that the margins we're achieving are sustainable at current sales levels and we have some downside 
protection if revenues decline in the short-term and we have some upside leverage as revenues increase. As Dave 
mentioned, we believe this will improve our business model substantially from the level that we communicated to you 
last March. 

Number three, we believe that the growth opportunities for ADI in communications, in industrial, in healthcare, and 
automotive are substantial as we communicated to you at our analyst meeting in March. And even though the consumer 
revenues today are a smaller fraction of our sales than a few years ago, we're now focused on consumer applications 
where our technology differentiates our customers' products and as a result the margins we earn on consumer products 
have expanded. 

In total, we're increasingly confident in the growth rates that we can achieve going forward. So we accomplished a lot 
in 2010 and we believe that we can continue the upward trend that we established in 2010 into 2011 and future years. 

Mindy Kohl, Director of Investor Relations 

Thank you, Jerry. During today's Q&A period please limit yourself to one primary question and no more than one 
follow-up question. If we have time remaining we'll give you another opportunity to ask additional questions. Operator, 
we're now ready for questions from our analyst participants. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Tim Luke with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead 
with your question. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Thanks so much guys and well done on your results. With respect to the coming period, should we 
broadly assume that all of the segments would be likely to follow the lower sequential pattern? Thank you. 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, it's sort of hard to predict. I mean, typically 
we see sequentially in the industrial market slightly lower revenues because we have less sales days and that's a – sort 
of the number of sales days times the per-day volume we generate with all the – you know, the broad base of industrial 
customers and we expect the consumer market will probably be down from the levels we achieved this quarter. The rest 
of it is very, very hard to predict in advance, I mean, we have very strong positions in most of the segments in 
communications, we'll just have to see how that develops over the quarter. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: And maybe for Dave, given that you have exceeded your gross margin and operating margin 
guidance for some time, what sort of things are you looking at in terms of possibly sort of reframing some of the 
guidance for those two metrics going forward, and within that maybe you could add a little bit of color on – in your 
release you said October and September – September and August were slow and then October picked up. What sort of 


things do you think contributed to the improvement in October? Thank you. 

<A - David A. Zinsner, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Okay, so on the first question on the 
model, I mean, what I said in the prepared comments and I think what Jerry reiterated is at the revenue levels we are, 
we have today we think we can maintain the operating margins that we achieved, the 37.1% operating margins or 
thereabouts. We think that if we can grow revenue, we can actually see some leverage both on the gross and operating 
margin side. 

So a lot of it does come from revenue growth but we're certainly not finished on the gross margin side. There are a few 
areas within the business that achieve what we would consider lower than expected gross margins and we're certainly 
looking to tackle those and improve upon the gross margins that we have today. So our model, you know, roughly 
speaking is where we're operating but, you know, with leverage, revenue increases. 

On the bookings side or on the revenue side for the quarter, we, you know, typically August is a little bit weaker for us 
just seasonally because Europe tends to take some of the time off and a little volume is impacted in the US. So, you 
know, we lacked a little bit of clarity there for I don't know four or five weeks coming into the quarter but then after 
that, things continued to pick up through the late part of September and into October and that continued. So it gives us 
some – some confidence that the guidance that we have today seems to be on. 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think conceptually what really happened is 
when it got to August there, a lot of the lead times in the industry came down and customers who were concerned about 
the lead times in the industry all of a sudden got less concerned and became more concerned that they had a lot of 
inventory and less concerned that they could get supplied. 

So I think in the internet age, that happens at all customers about the same time and I think a lot of the customers, when 
the stories started coming out about supply and demand coming into better balance in the industry, decided to take a 
little breather on the inventory and, you know, at that time we didn't really understand which direction it was headed 
because the order curve really did roll over and so we just, you know, decided to wait and see what happens and we 
were very, very pleased that when it came sort of late September, into October that, you know, the order curve really 
stabilized. 

And, you know, the feedback that we're getting from customers is that their businesses are okay. You know, not every 
customer, not in every region but the most important customers seem to think that business is okay, and we've seen that 
in the amount of turns business we're getting. 

So, I mean, from that standpoint, it was an inventory correction that lasted a month or two and, you know, now at least 
from what we've seen over the last seven or eight weeks, probably, is that things are stable. So, I mean, that's a positive 
sign for future. I mean, it's still a lot of uncertainty out there but clearly we saw an inflection point, clearly we saw 
another inflection point in the business stabilizing in October and that's – I mean, those are the trends that we've seen so 
far. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Thank you so much. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Terence Whalen with Citi. Please go ahead with your question. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Good afternoon, thanks for taking the question. This one relates to back in March, at your 
analyst day you set out a number of business areas that you thought could really accelerate top-line growth. I think you 
mentioned high-perform RF, some of the automotive business, some of the medical businesses. Now that you've had 
some time to evaluate your initiatives to accelerate growth in these areas, can you share with us some of the insights 
that you have, in particular, some areas that might be tracking above or below plan? Thanks. 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think I'll let Vince take a clip at that, Vince runs 
all the market segment groups in the company as well as the sales efforts, maybe you should take a whack at that, 


Vince? 

<A - Vincent Roche>: As we get a more granular understanding of the opportunities, the intersection of the various 
sub-segments, for example, in the industrial space in areas like energy, motor control, which with requires more 
efficient motor technologies and control, you know, there's better control of the grid needed in terms of improving 
efficiency and making sure that we don't have to build a lot of excess power facilities when we could be actually 
gaining efficiency in using what we've generated more effectively. You know, we – we look across areas like factory 
automation, chemical plants, refineries, so on and so forth, where the need for automation, more precision automation 
continues to grow. 

We feel very, very bullish about the industrial space. As you know, it's more than 40% of our revenues and we know, 
given the growth rates we've been experiencing over the last five years, that we can at least put another number of 
points, a few points of cumulative growth into that area. 

I would say as well healthcare, that's an area that we've been investing very heavily for the past three or four years in 
terms of solidifying our position in the imaging space in particular and extending the bill of materials reach of the 
company into those spaces. We feel very, very good about that, I think there's a lot of growth potential there. 

And, of course, communications infrastructure, everybody knows that the need for bandwidth is insatiable and our 
customers are responding to the exploding demand for bandwidth by installing more advanced communications 
equipment and upgrading existing equipment. So that's an area where we also feel very, very good. We've been getting 
very strong growth, double-digit growth in parts of that over the past three or four years and I expect that to see that 
continue at that kind of pace for the next three or four years. 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think directionally – this is Jerry, again – one of 
the most important things that we've sort of learned since the March analyst meeting is that, you know, about a year ago 
there was a lot of talking around the industry, actually with many of our investors, for a long time, that the only way 
that anyone in the semiconductor industry could grow is if you became a consumer company. That was the only place 
where there was any growth and therefore, if you're not a big consumer company you couldn't grow and, by the way, if 
you became a big consumer company then your margins were going to go down the drain, so there was never going to 
be any opportunities here and there was a lot of discussion about that, you know, a lot of questions, a lot of comments, 
a lot of points of view on that. 

And I think, you know, what we've confirmed to ourselves since that time is that, you know, consumer's a good market, 
there's opportunities there, we've gotten a lot more focused on what makes sense for us as a company, you know. As 
you can tell from some of the charts we put out with the press release, consumer revenues are below 20% of our sales, 
they used to be in the high 20's but, on the other hand, the applications that we've been chasing in the consumer 
business are higher margin opportunities and as a result the margins in the consumer business have gone up as well. 

So I think what we've really tried to do and we understand now is that the opportunities in some of the growth areas 
that Vince mentioned, industrial, healthcare, automotive, are at least as good as we thought they were in March looking 
forward and I think we're sort of just proving to ourselves and hopefully to the rest of the world that you don't have to 
be a consumer company to grow your revenues in this business. And so I think at the margin we think that's a very 
important trend and it's one that we're, you know, we believed but we believe even stronger today than we did six 
months ago based on some of the things that Vince mentioned. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Wonderful, thanks for that thorough set of insights. Perhaps, if I could, as my follow-up, dig 
in a little bit deeper specifically to the consumer business. That was one business where I think the 2% sequential 
growth was slightly lower than my expectation. But yet you said digital still camera which I believe is the largest 
sub-segment of that business was strong, can you perhaps share where there were some areas of weakness in the 
consumer business in the October quarter and perhaps specifically share your exposure to LCD TV? Thanks. 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I would say across the board even though the 
digital camera revenues were strong, I mean, across the board, you know, we saw lower growth, I mean, in the fourth 
quarter in consumer than we would typically see. And that's mainly because consumers are more cautious, the 


companies we sell to are more cautious in building inventory this Christmas, and that, you know, the consumer 
revenues were lower than we had predicted as well. 

So your predictions and ours were well aligned it's just the actual didn't match up with the, you know, what we both 
thought, which is why we're cautious about that business in Q1 which is usually a quarter that that goes down after they 
stock up for Christmas. So we just don't know which direction that will go in, either consumer sell-through over 
Christmas will be good and they'll be out of inventory or it will be lousy and they won't want any inventory and I think 
we'll all have to wait until after the first of the year to sort that out. 

You know, our position in the LED TVs we have some parts and everything but it's not a major amount of sales or 
focus for us right now. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Thanks again and congratulations. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs; please go ahead with your question. 

<Q - Jim Covello>: Great, guys, thanks so much for taking my question, congratulations on the good performance. I 
guess in particular on the comm segment, that's the one segment that's causing, you know, in particular a lot of people 
some consternation, I understand your comments about keeping overall inventory flat looking forward. Do you think 
you'll be able to keep comm inventory as well flat as part of that? 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, I think we're look at all of those areas, I 
can't give you that level of granularity on every dollar of inventory but I think we're taking the same approach in most 
segments of the business that, you know, particularly we're putting pressure on the parts of the business that have short 
product cycles. You know, the parts that have long product cycles we don't worry about very much but the parts that 
have short product cycles we watch like hawks. And so, you know, I mean, in aggregate we're going to do that by 
segment, it's very hard to single out one segment versus the other than by the length of the product cycles. 

<Q - Jim Covello>: And comms is typically a segment that has a little longer product cycle, so that would suggest that 
you would have a little less concern about that segment even though the market's probably a little more concerned 
about it, is that fair? 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We don't have a lot of concerns about that 
segment, we have good position, we have good customers, there's a lot – you know, our business is highly globally 
dispersed. You know, there's a lot of, you know, chatter around that says, my God, if China cools off for a quarter, 
everyone goes down the drain. But, you know, it turns out on a revenue basis, you know, even though we do extremely 
well in China, it's not a huge percentage of our infrastructure business. You know, we do more outside of China than 
inside of China. And of the stuff we do inside of China, a fair amount of that gets exported outside of China. So I think 
we're pretty diversified and, you know, if that business gets very weak we'll weaken with it but we'll just have to wait 
and see what goes on in that in Q1 but we watch very carefully. 

<Q - Jim Covello>: Then final question for me would be you announced an encouraging buyback. Shares were guided 
flat, though. Is there, you know, is that just a timing issue or is there something offsetting the buyback relative to a flat 
share count? 

<A - David A. Zinsner, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: I think the way we manage our 
buyback program is we buy back the dilution associated with the exercise of options and then we opportunistically buy 
back stock beyond that to bring the share count down and we had gotten to the last few dollars on the authorized 
amount as of the end of the quarter so we asked the board to increase that, we typically increase it in increments of a 
billion. So I don't know that – when we'll feel like it is an opportunistic time to buy back the stock so I think the 
working assumption should be leave it flat and we'll update you as we manage that part of the program. 


<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think the important thing to say is there's 
nothing generically that's driving the share count up to oppose that. 

<A - David A. Zinsner, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: That's right. 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We have the normal option exercises and we buy 
that back pretty quickly and the rest of it we'll buy back opportunistically I think is the right way to say it. 

<Q - Jim Covello>: Great, thanks so much, congrats again. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Doug Friedman with Gleacher & Company. Please go ahead with your question. 

<Q - Doug Friedman>: Hi guys, thanks for taking my question. If I could focus on a topic that you discussed at the 
analyst day and that is your ASP trends. You highlighted that you were expecting them to start rising throughout the 
year. Can you give us an insight into what you're seeing now and whether you expect that to still take shape? 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I think what we said is that the ASP rises 
that we talked about are really a combination of a few different phenomena. One is the market mix is getting better. So 
that certainly helps our average selling price. I don't think there's any doubt about that. And the more of our revenues 
that we get in the B-to-B or the business-to-business stuff, the industrial, communications infrastructure, certainly that 
raises our average selling price. 

I think the second part of the price situation that we mentioned was, you know, we have many, many very long life 
products and in some cases we have products that sell for 10, 15, 20 years and customers have come to recognize that 
there's great advantage to them of us maintaining the ability for them to buy those products for that length of time 
which is very atypical in the semiconductor industry. And, you know, when we do that, of course, that's not zero cost to 
the company or zero value for the customers to be able to maintain that. So, you know, the second ingredient on that is 
just making sure that for the long life products we get paid commensurate with the costs we incur to maintain those 
products. 

And I think the last leg, which is helping us on that, is that we have far better diagnostics in our system and therefore 
pricing control than we used to. I mean, when you sell your products, half our sales go roughly through distribution, we 
sell our products to tens of thousands of customers around the world in many, many different currencies, you know, 
there's really, you know, along with an art of pricing we like to describe it that there's a science of pricing and, you 
know, there are many companies that really have made that into a differentiator for themselves in how they run their 
businesses and we've developed some really, really important diagnostics and control mechanisms to make sure that we 
don't get price leakage in places that we thought we were getting price leakage around the world. So I think that all 
those three things together, you know, give us a sense that the -- you know, the ASPs of the company are in pretty good 
shape and we can easily see those continuing to inch up in the future. 

<Q - Doug Friedman>: Great. If I could move on just a really quick follow-up on something that hit the wire today 
regarding your MEMS microphone business, can you bring us up to speed on what that opportunity is and if there's an 
impact that you're expecting from the recent finding? 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I mean, you know, lawsuits are lawsuits 
and whatever – the opportunity is that, you know, we – we developed a very high-performance MEMS microphone. 
We think it's very applicable in many applications. Some of them are consumer, some of them are industrial, some of 
them are healthcare and we believe that could be a very important product area for us going forward. 

Those are very, very hard products to develop and to build. And, you know, Knowles, who is one of the long term 
suppliers into some of those markets, you know, believed they had patents that were applicable to ADI and they've 
been after us on that thing and I think we were very pleased, as we said in the press release, that the judge for the 
second time has declared that the patents are invalid. 


So I think whatever angst there was out there in the marketplace about those is certainly significantly reduced as a 
result of the victory that we had today on that lawsuit. 

<Q - Doug Friedman>: Great, thank you and I'll follow up after, thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead with your question. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Good afternoon, guys, and, thanks. Jerry a little bit on the comms business, I guess I'm getting 
some incoming calls from investors just concerned about the sequential growth rate in the October quarter but maybe I 
can ask the question a little bit differently, if I look back to October of '08, this is the last business to kind of eclipse 
that October '08 level, the other businesses: industrial, auto and consumers all did it in prior quarters and I guess from 
my question is are we at a tipping point here on content increases that this is happening or help me understand why it's 
taking so long for this business to get back to the '08 levels versus some of your other businesses. 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Which business? 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Comms. 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: The comms infrastructure business is a very 
lumpy business and there are periods of time where that business really grows quickly and then it takes a while and it 
sort of flattens out, or goes down for a little while and then it goes back up again. You know, it's based on deployments, 
when they happen and when they don't happen. So I think the thing that we look at is how are we doing with the large 
customers and the applications, what's our penetration, is our position getting weaker or stronger, is the share, the bill 
of materials we have growing or compressing and I think when we talk to the largest sort of four or five customers in 
this business which comprise a large part of the market and the sales, you know, we have a great position and, if 
anything, it's getting stronger. 

You know, how it goes each quarter or even year-to-year sometimes can be confusing, you know, before that period we 
had a huge run-up in deployments where the Chinese really deployed a huge amount of equipment right before that. So, 
you know, business fell off a little bit. But I think if you look forward on this stuff, our position's good, our share is 
good, our customers like us. Vince and a few others just came back from visiting some of the largest customers, and all 
the feedback was good. So I think that's an important business and I think it's going to be a great business for us going 
forward. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: And I guess, Jerry, on the other side of the growth curve if you look at the autos business since the 
October '08 period you're up about 51%. I guess help me understand as I think about that opportunity going forward, 
what's the content you guys kind of own in the developed world versus the developing world and how would you 
expect the developing world to trend over the next, call it, two to six quarters? 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: You want to take a whack at that? 

<A - Vincent Roche>: Most of our revenue in the automotive sector comes from the U.S. and European markets but 
we're also seeing very, very strong demand particularly in areas like Japan and Korea for our safety technologies and 
info-tainment technologies and I expect that there will be a more even distribution of our sales over the next three or 
four years between the – what you call the developed markets and developing markets in Asia. We're also seeing some 
very, very strong interest from Chinese customers, emerging customers there, who, I believe, will be a factor over the 
coming years but I think for the foreseeable future we will see the lion's share of the revenue come from European and 

U.S. car manufacturers, Japanese, Korean and over the long-term, Chinese as well. 
<Q - John Pitzer>: Great, thanks, guys. 


Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Shawn Webster with Macquarie, please go ahead with your question. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Good afternoon, thank you. In terms of the turns, you said you mentioned a couple times you 
expected higher turns, can you share with us what your actual turns were for Q4 and what your required turns are for 
Q1? 

<A - David A. Zinsner, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: We always hesitate to give out an 
absolute number because our backlog on our balance sheet is measured by backlog from our OEM customers and then 
backlog from our distributors and that doesn't necessarily translate to the revenue, the revenue isn't until we ship. But 
turns were really low in the fourth quarter. So – and that was a reflection of the fact that the customers placed – and the 
distis, placed so much backlog on us. As Jerry mentioned we had a book-to-bill that was slightly below one as they 
adjusted their backlog, so we do expect turns to go up. But I would say it's actually below the historical levels. So at 
this point a little bit above the fourth quarter but below historical levels for us. 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, we've operated the business requiring quite 
a bit higher turns than we're going to require this quarter. So I think what Dave was reflecting is, you know, the whole 
question of what backlog means and what turns means, is so obtuse in the customer base that there's not any really 
meaningful information there. Certainly when your backlog is a little bit lower, you think it's a little risky but, you 
know, backlog is never forever anyhow, so I don't really think it's any more risky. I think – and I don't really think it 
reduces visibility. Because the backlog was around so much – anyhow, backlog is mostly a reflection of lead times. 

So, I mean, we've operated the business with 20% turns, we've operated the business with 50%+ turns, and we didn't 
really think the risks in either of those situations was any greater or less than the other. So, you know, what Dave is 
saying is we're operating in that – in the middle of those two but it's mostly to the largest degree possible a very 
meaningless statistic to managing the business or alternatively trying to understand what the risks in the quarter are. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay, well, then maybe in terms of your commentary or expectation that fiscal Q2 can be up, 
can you put some maybe bookends around what could cause that to be up, flat or down based on what you're seeing and 
then just my final one, if I could. If on the balance sheet, if you could help us understand what drove the debt up 
sequentially and CapEx guidance for fiscal '11; thanks a bunch. 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I mean, we have an operating plan for the 
year. The operating plan for the year says we'll have a relatively small decline in Q1 which is a little bit more than 
seasonal but not a lot. And that Q2 is usually a strong quarter for us and unless end demand really starts to disintegrate, 
we typically have a good Q2. We have more gains in industrial, we have other market dynamics that help in Q2. 

So in the absence of any other signals we get to the marketplace or any, you know, relatively major changes in what 
customers are saying, I mean, that's our plan. Our product segments and our market segments look at the customers, 
and they look at the markets, and they look at the geographies and they come up with a plan. And by and large, they're 
more right than wrong. They're not right every time. Sometimes, you know, they miss or don't get exactly what they 
said or they overdo, or we overdo or overachieve what they said but, I mean, that's what our plan is. We don't have any 
unique insight into what's going to happen in Q2 other than, you know, the customers are saying business in most 
segments is pretty good and Q2 is usually an up quarter for us. 

<A - David A. Zinsner, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: On your two other questions related 
to balance sheet, capital expenditure we're expecting to spend roughly 4% of sales for next year. Our goal has been to 
stay between 3-4% of sales and I think we did about 4% in the 2010 year so we're expecting to be that in 2011. 
Non-current liabilities were up. That wasn't the debt necessarily. We have a lot of things that are considered long-term 
liabilities. For example, we have deferred tax liabilities that fall into that bucket so that was the primary driver of that. 
Debt was obviously flat. We didn't issue any more debt. 


Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Uche Orji with UBS. Please go ahead with your question. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Sure, thank you very much. Dave, let me just ask you about the – just picking up the lines on the 
balance sheet you talked about just now, the jump or the increase we saw in deferred income and shipments to disti, 
now, I know you book the bulk of your revenues, if not all, on a sell-through basis, but is there any reason for us to be 
worried that the distis might be holding a fairly high level of inventory or are these levels adequate from your 
perspective? 

<A - David A. Zinsner, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: So deferred income, yeah, you're 
correct that we defer all of our revenue sold to disti until the time in which the distis have sold it to their customers and 
recognize the revenue so that deferral is represented on the balance sheet. The deferred income did come up a bit and 
that is a reflection that inventory at the distributor level did go up a bit. It's still kind of within the normal range we 
manage distis by. 

And as we talked about on the gross margin guidance we are bringing down production levels a little bit. That is going 
to impact us a little bit on the gross margin side and in an effort to kind of manage the inventory levels both at the 
distributor level and inventory on our balance sheet. But it's in actually very good shape both in terms of weeks and so 
is the inventory on our balance sheet so I think things continue to look very healthy in both cases. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Sure. A different question, Jerry, when you talked about the MEMS business in answer to a question 
earlier about the microphone side, we don't hear much about the general consumer MEMS business, I mean, I know a 
lot of activity is going on in the automotive side, but any update as to what the strategy is for that product? I know that 
it's kind of been deemphasized in the early days of the Nintendo but any comment as to what's maybe going on within 
that business would be helpful, thank you. 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think in general in the consumer business we're 
trying to be very, very selective about what opportunities we have as measured by, you know, what is likely to be the 
value of those designs for the long-term to our customers to make sure we can get paid for the technology. So the bar in 
the consumer business in analog is higher than it used to be because, you know, there's a lot of opportunity to make a 
lot of investments in products that commoditize quickly and you never get your money back in those kind of 
applications. 

So I think the MEMS business is no different than any of our other businesses, the bar of investment is higher in 
general in analog than it used to be and I think part of the rationale for that is that we have so many opportunities on 
stuff that really, really does create value that the competition for resources is heavy and the resources are going to the 
applications, be they infrastructure or consumer, that have long-term highest payback. And that just makes us a lot 
more selective on some of these applications and the same is true in the MEMS area. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: One last question on the use of cash. I know there's an element of buyback the company dilution for 
this quarter going forward, but is there any big changes as to, you know, any factors that may influence a much more 
aggressive use of cash by way of, you know, probably more buyback, I know there are time concentrations involved in 
this, but with this level of cash you have now and CapEx is not really a big amount for you, how should we think about 
the use of cash broadly through – into 2011? Thanks. 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, it's hard to forecast the details of that. You 
know, if you look back at our history, we bought back $4 billion worth of stock; we've been aggressive buyers of our 
stock when we thought it was appropriate. And that's our history and we have a buyback and we'll just have to wait and 
see how that goes. I mean, we didn't get authorization to sit on it. But we're going – you know, we're – we're cautious 
buyers. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Great, thank you very much. 


Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Chris Danely with JPMorgan; please go ahead with your question. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: Great, thanks for squeezing me in, guys. Quick question on lead times. I think you 
mentioned last quarter that your lead times have stretched out a little bit but it seems like they came back in. Have lead 
times basically normalized at ADI and maybe if you could comment on the competitive environment, have lead times 
kind of normalized across the board out there? 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I mean, our lead times have been plus or 
minus a week about the same through the cycle. So up a week, down a week, there's not any real data there. But from 
what our customers are telling us, products are more available out there. I think, you know, with many of our 
competitors, they had extended lead times and I think those lead times are coming down a bit. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: So do you think it is fair to say, I guess, the sort of, shortage situation is over? 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I mean, I can't say what goes on for other 
companies, I can just comment on Analog but at Analog we didn't have much shortages, we don't have them now, we 
don't expect to have them in the future. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: Great, thanks and as my follow-up. You mentioned there could be a little more upside 
leverage when revenue growth returns. Would that be on the gross margin side via higher utilization rates or op 
margins or if you could just give us a little detail there? 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, it's all the things that raise gross margins. 
We have intense focus in the company on our costs, on our yields. We have plenty of room to go on utilization. So, you 
know, we have a product mix which is more favorable than it used to be and even on the places where the gross 
margins were under the averages, we're doing better. All those are positive relative to leverage going forward. We have 
extremely tight control of the operating expenses of the company, as you can see over the last couple quarters, last year. 
So, you know, we're running the business to keep moving on that. And we think when the revenues go up, there's 
opportunity to do that. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: Great. 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We're not predicting the kind of leverage we've 
had in the last year. But, you know, we still think there's more to squeeze out there. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: Okay. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead with your question. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Hey guys. Just a follow up on that utilization question, can you give us an idea what the 
utilization was in the fiscal fourth quarter, what you expect it to be in the first quarter and then just a rough idea of how 
long that takes to go through inventory or another way to say it, how long it impacts your gross margin? 

<A - David A. Zinsner, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Utilization was around 80% in the 
fourth quarter, it's probably going to be in the mid-70s in the first quarter, at least that's our current operating 
assumption. You have 100 days of inventory so it takes 100 days to flow through. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: And if we think about the tax rate side of things. is there any risk with everything that's going on 
over in Ireland that your tax rate might change going forward? 

<A - David A. Zinsner, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: You know, we're not that close to 
the tax authorities in Ireland to know for certain. You know, there are a lot of things going on, also we haven't had the 


R&D tax credit approved in the U.S. which is actually a benefit. So our current assumption is that it's going to be 
roughly in the 21.5% range and we'll have to kind of wait and see how things develop both in the U.S. and in Ireland. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Great, thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of David Wong with Wells Fargo; please go ahead with your question. 

<Q - David Wong>: Thanks very much. Quick question for Dave. It looks to me like the operating expenses nested 
within your guidance are actually down a little from what they've been in the last couple of quarters even in quarters 
where revenues have been comparable to what you expect for January. Are you actively still removing costs on the 
operating expense line? 

<A - David A. Zinsner, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, you know, we're clearly 
always looking at things and there's always a few items that we attack in any one quarter but the biggest driver of that is 
our variable compensation, it would be expected to come down a little bit in the first quarter and that's giving us some 
leverage on the OpEx side. 

<Q - David Wong>: Okay, great. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Sanford Bernstein, please go ahead with your question. 

<Q - Stacy Rasgon>: Hi guys, thanks for squeezing me in. Question, actually, on that variable comp model; I know 
last quarter you had talked about that you were looking at potentially making some changes to how that model worked 
in fiscal '11. I know that I think you said that you had capped out before at about 30% – 36% operating margin and the 
fact that it was only up 0.6% this quarter suggests that's true. Can you talk about whether or not you've made changes to 
that, what are the kinds of things that drive that variable comp up and down? Is it different from 2010? If you could 
give us any sort of view of what this might look like going forward that would be helpful. 

<A - David A. Zinsner, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, so 100% of it was driven by – 
in the past it's been driven by operating margin percentage and as we got to the 36% level we did cap out on the bonus. 
We're trying to fundamentally shift the focus, now that we've done a lot on the operating margin side, to really focus 
the company on revenue growth and so about half of the model will now be associated with how we do on a revenue 
growth perspective. 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: As Dave said there's a 50-50 balance between 
revenue growth and operating margins which means that they're both important here but certainly every incremental 
sales dollar we get at 36% operating margins and we bring down 36 cents in cash is pretty good. Now, the details of our 
plan for next year, we filed an 8-K on it a couple of weeks ago, so it's quite detailed in there and if you'd like to know 
any more granularity you can just refer to the 8-K. 

<Q - Stacy Rasgon>: Got it. That's very helpful. Quickly for my follow up, I know you were talking about maybe a 
little bit more leverage as revenues go up. Can you give us some feeling about how that might work in the other 
direction? What revenue levels would you need to reach an operating model that – what you had posted, I guess, at 
your analyst day in March? 

<A - David A. Zinsner, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, hopefully we don't see that. 
Our revenue is expected, if you take the midpoint of the guidance, is down about 5% and, you know, we think we can 
achieve 35% operating margins plus or minus 500 basis points. We were, I think our model was, the peak of the model 
was 33% in the numbers we gave you at the investor conference so I, you know, I don't obviously it has to deteriorate 
quite a bit further from what we're talking about for the first quarter in order for us to get into those levels of operating 


margins. 

<Q - Stacy Rasgon>: Got it, thank you, guys. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Andrew Banish with Raymond James, please go ahead with your question. 

<Q - Andrew Banish>: Andrew Banish calling in for Steve Smigie. Jerry, just to circle back to the MEMS business, 
are you able to remind us of what that business is as a percentage of overall revenue and how that's trended in recent 
years? 

<A - David A. Zinsner, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Are you talking about the MEMS 
business, is that what your question is? 

<Q - Andrew Banish>: Correct, yes. 

<A - David A. Zinsner, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: MEMS, we don't specifically break 
that piece out. It's contained in the other analog portion of the revenue which is, for fourth quarter it was roughly about 
12% of our revenue. 

<Q - Andrew Banish>: Okay. Dave, just a quick housekeeping. You know, you mentioned the gain off some unused 
realty, is that – does that represent essentially all that 2.3 million in your other income line this quarter? 

<A - David A. Zinsner, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, basically. I mean, basically 
the interest expense we were paying, or we're paying on the debt offsets the income we're getting on the cash. So those 
are roughly neutral so really most of the other income was just the sale of a building here in Norwood. 

<Q - Andrew Banish>: Okay, thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Craig Ellis with Caris & Company. Please go ahead with your company – your 
question. 

<Q - Craig Ellis>: Thanks for taking the question. Dave, just on the excess cash use, can you talk about whether the 
company thought about doing anything with the dividend and where do acquisitions sit or not with ADI as we think 
about excess cash? 

<A - David A. Zinsner, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: The dividend is clearly important to 
us and as we improve our earnings we do expect to increase our dividend. Having said that, you know, we don't want to 
be doing this every quarter, every other quarter, it's one of these kind of housekeeping items that we like to address 
annually and we just increased the dividend two quarters or so ago so, you know, I wouldn't expect us to re-look at that 
until sometime in the early part of 2011. 

<Q - Craig Ellis>: Okay, and then as we think about operating expenses next year, are there any – are there any 
notable pluses or minuses that we should bear in mind, for example, cost of living increases or anything else that might 
impact the model on an annual basis? 

<A - David A. Zinsner, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: I mean, we are planning on having a 
salary increase next year. But, you know, I think we've modulated the bonus to really offset that so really where the 
expenses are going to increase is where we're going to make further investments in areas where we think we can with 
drive superior growth and better ROI and we'll be closely watching that as we look at how the revenue progresses 
through the year and make adjustments to those planning assumptions over the course of the year. But the working 
assumption for us is to grow expenses at a rate that's less than our revenue growth so that we can get leverage to the 


bottom line. 

<Q - Craig Ellis>: Okay. Thanks and nice job on the margin. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Vijay Rakesh with Sterne Agee. Please go ahead with your question. 

<Q - Vijay Rakesh>: Hi, good evening. Good quarter. Just wondering when you look at the comm side, what's the 
channel inventories there and do you expect orders to start picking up late in the first quarter year? 

<A - David A. Zinsner, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Can you just repeat that one more 
time, if you don't mind, Vijay? 

<Q - Vijay Rakesh>: On the communication side, how are channel inventories looking and do you expect orders – you 
mentioned it was lumpy on the order side but do you expect orders to start picking up again towards the end of the first 
quarter? 

<A - Jerald G. Fishman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I mean, orders picked up in October. That's 
as far as we know for sure. So we'll have to wait and see how it goes for the quarter. 

<Q - Vijay Rakesh>: And how are inventories in that channel? 

<A - David A. Zinsner, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: I don't know that we have great 
visibility to inventory levels, I mean, most of the customers on the comm infrastructure side we sell direct to, so it's the 
Huaweis and the Ericssons of the world. They don't exactly give us a detailed balance sheet of our inventories at their 
level but all we get from them is more or less a qualitative – you know, qualitative assessment and it seems to be in 
pretty good shape. 

<Q - Vijay Rakesh>: But you are saying actually orders did pick up in October and you see that as continuing through 
the quarter here, right? 

<A - Vincent Roche>: The infrastructure customers tend to operate on a very high turns basis and, you know, we see 
demand's been pretty steady there overall so, so far so good. 

<Q - Vijay Rakesh>: All right, great, thanks. 

<A - David A. Zinsner, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you. 

Mindy Kohl, Director of Investor Relations 

So that concludes our Q&A session and we appreciate you joining us for the call and look forward to talking with you 
again during our first quarter 2011 call scheduled for February 15th, beginning at 5:00 PM. Thanks very much, 
bye-bye. 

Operator 

And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 


special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


