Q4 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Elena Charles 
• Gary C. Butler 
• Christopher R. Reidy 
Other Participants 

• James F. Kissane 
• Nathan Rozof 
• David Grossman 
• Ramsey El-Assal 
• Rod Bourgeois 
• David Togut 
• Julio C. Quinteros 
• Tien-tsin Huang 
• Kartik Mehta 
• Mark S. Marcon 
• Michael J. Baker 
• Giri Krishnan 
• James MacDonald 
• Philip Edward Stiller 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Brandy, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to 
welcome everyone to ADP's fiscal 2011 earnings webcast. I would like to inform you that this conference is being 
recorded, and all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there 
will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] 

Thank you. I will now turn the conference over to Ms. Elena Charles, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go 
ahead. 

Elena Charles 

Thank you. I am here today with Gary Butler, ADP's Chief Executive Officer, and Chris Reidy, ADP's Chief Financial 
Officer. Thank you for joining us for our 2011 earnings call and webcast. Our slide presentation for today's call and 
webcast is available for you to print from the Investor Relations home page of our website at ADP.com. If you are 
having any issues accessing the webcast, click the icon to the right of the volume and select Flash or Windows Media 
Player as appropriate. 

As a reminder, the quarterly history of revenue and pre-tax earnings for our reportable segments has been posted to the 
IR section of our website. These schedules have been updated to include the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011. 


During today's conference call, we will make some forward-looking statements that refer to future events, and as such 
involve some risks. And these are discussed on page two of the slide presentation and in our periodic filings with the 
SEC. 

With that, I will now turn the call over to Gary for his opening remarks. 

Gary C. Butler 

Thank you, Elena. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'll begin today's call with some opening 
comments about our fourth quarter and our fiscal year results. Then I'll turn the call over to our CFO, Chris Reidy, to 
take you through the detailed results, after which I'll return to provide you with our fiscal 2012 forecast. And before we 
take your questions, I'll provide a few concluding remarks. 

Let's now turn to slide four to begin. Overall, I'm quite pleased with ADP's results for fiscal 2011. I'd like to point out 
that while the results we discuss today are inclusive of our fiscal 2011 acquisitions, it is important to note that we also 
achieved our forecast for revenues, earnings, and earnings per share excluding the acquisition impact. Our key business 
metrics continue to trend positively and were the strongest that they have been in three years. 

Let's start with Employer Services and PEO [Professional Employer Organization] Services new business sales, which 
to remind you is the single biggest contributor to long-term organic revenue growth. Our investments through the 
downturn in product innovation, sales force expansion, and client services are also having a positive impact on new 
business sales. 

On our call last quarter, I reminded you that we began to see new business sales rebound toward the end of fiscal 2010, 
with sales growth of 25% in last year's fourth quarter. With that kind of growth, we obviously anticipated a tougher 
comparison for this year's fourth quarter, but I am happy to report we had 8% growth in new business sales for the 
quarter. 

We achieved our full-year target with 9% sales growth for the year, adding nearly $1.1 billion in expected annualized 
recurring revenues. It is worth noting that sales growth in the small business marketplace continued to be strong, and 
we achieved double-digit growth for the year in this market. Sales in our National Accounts space were also double 
digit for the year. This was against a fairly easy comparison in fiscal 2010. But nonetheless, we are still pleased and 
encouraged that larger companies in the U.S. are once again investing in their businesses. We believe that our new 
VANTAGE HCM solution that we will roll out in the fall will also contribute to further growth in this space in fiscal 
2012. 

Our Employer Services international business posted double-digit new sales growth for the year as a result of 
particularly strong fourth quarter sales and specifically in Canada and in Europe. I'm also pleased to report that we 
closed several significant transactions in GlobalView in the fourth quarter. 

I am especially delighted with our client revenue retention in Employer Services, which improved over one full point 
this year, reaching a new record level of just over 91% retention. As you may recall from our May analyst conference, 
we still believe there is opportunity for further improvement in revenue retention, even from these lofty levels. 

Growth in our U.S. pays per control same-store sales employment metric was also strong at 2.6% in the quarter, giving 
us 2.4% up for the year. Average worksite employees paid in the PEO grew 14% in the quarter and 12% for the year. 
Our client funds balance growth exceeded our expectation all year, growing 13% for the fourth quarter and 11% for the 
full fiscal. 

Moving on to Dealer Services, the automotive landscape in North America continued to improve, although the recent 
annual selling rate for U.S. autos for calendar 2011 was recently revised downward to be flat with calendar 2010 at 
approximately 12.6 million new vehicles sold in the U.S. market. Despite this revision, Dealer Services new business 
sales were strong in the fourth quarter and strong for the full fiscal year. Dealers' worldwide revenue and client site 
retention increased for the year, led by improvements in North America of nearly four percentage points in revenue 


retention and three percentage points in client site retention. Dealers' competitive win/loss ratio also continued to be 
favorable, resulting in continued market share gains. 

Before I turn the call over to Chris, I want to add that I am very pleased with our execution against our M&A strategy 
this year. During fiscal 2011, we closed multiple transactions with about $450 million in annualized revenues. These 
transactions are great complements to our existing solution sets and should increase our organic revenue growth in the 
future. 

With those opening remarks, I'll now turn over to Chris Reidy to provide the financial highlights and the full year 
forecast for our client funds investment strategy for fiscal 2012. 

Christopher R. Reidy 

Thanks, Gary, and we're now on slide five. 

We are pleased that total revenues increased 11% to $9.9 billion for the year. I'd like to point out that while we had two 
points of growth from favorable foreign exchange rates in the fourth quarter, there was no impact on a full-year basis, 
as the fourth quarter benefit merely offset the drag we experienced in the first half of the year. 

Employer Services grew total revenues 8%, and Dealer Services grew 24%, both including acquisitions, and the PEO 
grew 17%. Total organic revenue growth was over 6% for the year. 

When you look at it by reportable segment, Employer Services organic revenue growth was 5%. The PEO was 17%, 
and Dealers was 3% for the year. 

Employer Services payroll and tax filing revenues in the United States grew 3% for the year. Acquisition activity in 
adjacent markets also drove growth in beyond payroll revenues. In the U.S., growth was 13% for the year, with nearly 
3% growth coming from the Workscape acquisition earlier this fiscal year. Tax Credit Services, ASO [Administrative 
Services Organization], our BPO [Business Process Outsourcing] offering at low end of the market, HR Services in 
major accounts, and Time and Labor Management grew nicely during the year. 

The continued positive trending of our key business metrics, as Gary mentioned earlier, contributed to revenue growth. 
Very importantly, client revenue retention showed strong increases for ES, PEO, and Dealer Services. Pays per control 
in Employer Services in the U.S. increased 2.4%. And PEO average worksite employees paid increased 12%. 
Additionally, we continue to see the positive impact of new business sales growth. 

Growth in average client fund balances were also once again higher than anticipated, increasing 11% for the year, 
driven by new client growth in Small Business Services, higher wage growth, increased pays per control, and increased 
state unemployment insurance. 

Now let's turn to slide six and continue with the highlights for the year. Pre-tax earnings were up 4%. But as 
anticipated, ADP margins declined 130 basis points from a year ago. There are a couple things going on here, and I'd 
like to take you through them. We have done a great job in executing on our M&A strategy. And in fact, the fiscal 2011 
acquisitions positively contributed to pre-tax earnings. However, as you know, the impact of pre-tax margin in the first 
year is negative because of the cost of integration as well as acquisition related cost. This resulted in about 70 basis 
points of pre-tax margin decline. 

Additionally, there was a drag on ADP's pre-tax margin from client funds, where higher average balances were offset 
by lower average yields. The decline in the net impact from the client fund investment strategy resulted in a drag of 60 
basis points on ADP's pre-tax margin. Finally, the full-year effect of investments we made toward the end of last fiscal 
year negatively impacted ADP's pre-tax margin this year. 

I also want to point out that ADP's effective tax rate of 35.1% was lower than anticipated due to some small favorable 
tax items reported in the fourth quarter. 


Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations increased 6% to $2.52, on fewer shares outstanding, from $2.37 
last year, excluding a large one-time favorable tax item in fiscal 2010. 

Fiscal 2011 operating cash flows of about $1.7 billion allowed us to repurchase 14.2 million ADP shares in fiscal 2011 
for a total cost of about $730 million. 

Exiting fiscal 2011, our year-end cash position remained strong at $1.5 billion. 

You notice in the press release that diluted weighted shares outstanding for the fourth quarter was slightly above last 
year's fourth quarter. This was due to impact of a higher ADP stock price in the dilution calculations compared with the 
prior year. For the full year, as is always our intention, we offset the impact of issuances and dilution with share 
repurchases. In addition, we've opportunistically repurchased additional shares, resulting in a year-over-year decline in 
weighted shares outstanding for the full year. 

We noted we always get this question on the year-end call. So for your year-end models, basic shares outstanding at 
June 30 are 490 million shares. 

Now turning to slide seven, we are pleased that total revenues increased 14% to $2.5 billion, 9% organically, in the 
quarter assisted two percentage points from favorable foreign exchange rates. Employer Services grew total revenues 
9% and Dealer grew 30%, both including acquisitions. And the PEO grew 20%. 

When you look at organic growth by reportable segment, Employer Services organic revenue growth was 6%. The 
PEO was 20%, and Dealer was 4% in the quarter. We are pleased that Employer Services payroll and tax filing 
revenues in the United States grew 4% in the quarter. Our acquisition activity into adjacent markets was three points of 
the 13% growth of beyond payroll revenues in the U.S. for the quarter. 

I'll briefly note the positive trend in several key business metrics that contributed to revenue growth in the fourth 
quarter. As was the case all year, client revenue retention once again showed strong increases in the quarter for ES, the 
PEO, and Dealer Services. Pays per control in Employer Services in the U.S. increased 2.6%. All geographies across 
the U.S. again showed increases, led this quarter by the Central region and the Northeast regions as well as Northern 
California and the Texas-Oklahoma areas. Our clients represent a wide variety of industries, and the pay growth in 
most continued to be positive, with the exception once again of public administration and accommodation and food 
services. 

It's also noteworthy that the decline in pays across Europe slowed to about 1% decline in the quarter compared with 2% 
down in the first three quarters of the year. 

In our PEO business, average worksite employees paid increased 14%. The impact of new business sales growth 
continued to be a significant positive. Growth in average client fund balances were also, once again, higher than 
anticipated, increasing 13% in the quarter, driven by the same items I mentioned for the full year: new client growth, 
higher wage growth, increased pays per control, and increased state unemployment insurance. Additionally, one point 
of growth in the quarter was from favorable foreign exchange rates. 

Now let's turn to slide eight, and I'll continue with the highlights for the quarter. Pre-tax earnings were up 17% and 
included two points of growth from favorable foreign exchange rates. ADP's total pre-tax margin improved 40 basis 
points. There are a few items I'd like to take you through here as well. 

As I stated for the full year a few moments ago, the impact to margin for M&A in the first year is negative, and was a 
drag of about 90 basis points in the quarter. Once again in the fourth quarter, there was a drag on ADP's pre-tax margin 
from client funds, where higher average balances were more than offset by lower average yields. The decline in the net 
impact from the client funds investment strategy resulted in a drag of about 80 basis points on ADP's pre-tax margin. 
Additionally, we fully anniversaried investment spend in sales and service head count in the fourth quarter. So when 
you put all this together, as anticipated, ADP's pre-tax margin expanded nicely in the fourth quarter on leverage from 
increasing organic revenues. 


I also want to point out that ADP's effective tax rate of 32.6% was slightly lower than anticipated due to some smaller 
favorable tax items, but was above last year's effective tax rate, which also benefited from small favorable tax items. 

Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations increased 14% to $0.48. 

Let's turn to slide nine and I'll take you through the updated forecast on the client fund investment strategy in support of 
the overall ADP forecast that Gary will take you through in a few moments. 

Before I get into discussing the detailed forecast, I'd like to update you on the credit quality of the portfolio and what 
we're seeing in the marketplace regarding the current fixed income investment landscape. At June 30, over 85% of our 
fixed income portfolio was invested in AAA/AA rated securities, consistent with the past five quarters. Fully consistent 
with our client funds portfolio objectives of safety, liquidity, and diversification, we're again able to take advantage of 
the supply of new investment-grade corporate fixed income securities and add more corporate bonds to portfolio. In 
addition, as was also the case last quarter, the steep yield curve continued to present greater opportunities at longer end 
of the maturity curve in both the extended and long portfolios. The duration of the portfolio increased slightly to 3.0 
years at the end of the fourth quarter. 

Since we do not believe it's possible to accurately predict future interest rates, the shape of the yield curve, or the new 
bond issuance behavior of corporations, we continue to base our interest assumptions and our forecast on Fed funds 
future contracts and the forward yield curves for the 3.5 and 5-year U.S. Government Agencies. However, in the 
current forecast ranges we have provided, we've also taken into consideration the potential investments we may make 
in corporate fixed income securities as well as investing further out on the yield curve. 

Now to the fiscal 2012 full forecast, this slide summarizes the anticipated pre-tax earnings impact of the extended 
investment strategy of the client funds investment portfolio for fiscal 2012. And it is important to keep in mind that 
15% to 20% of the investments are subject to reinvestment risk each year. 

We anticipate growth in average client fund balances of 7% to 8%. We anticipate that growth in fiscal 2012 will come 
from the same places we grew in fiscal 2011: wages, state unemployment insurance, net pay, but at a more moderate 
level. We do, however, anticipate higher growth from new business sales and improved retention. 

We anticipate a yield on the client fund portfolio of 2.8% to 2.9%, down 30 to 40 basis points from fiscal 2011. We 
anticipate a year-to-year decline of $25 million to $35 million in client fund interest, at the anticipated growth in 
balances is expected to be offset by lower interest yield. 

Looking now at the lower right of the chart, we anticipate a decline in pre-tax earnings of $30 million to $40 million for 
fiscal 2012, as the benefit of growing average balances is expected to be outweighed by lower interest rates. For fiscal 
2012, we anticipate a decline of 40 to 50 basis points from fiscal 2011's overall yield of 3.6% from the net impact of 
this strategy. 

Now I'll turn it back to Gary Butler to take you through the remainder of the forecast for fiscal 2012. 

Gary C. Butler 

Thank you, Chris. We're now on slide 10, just to be sure we're all in sync. 

In our fiscal 2012 outlook, we are assuming no change in the current economic landscape. We do anticipate total 
revenue growth of 7% to 9% and 8% to 10% growth in diluted earnings per share compared to this year's $2.52. 

As you heard at our analyst conference in May when Chris took you through our five-year strategic view, we are 
clearly looking to drive EPS growth in excess of revenue growth. And this fiscal '12 forecast shows ADP getting back 
on a solid growth track, with increased leverage in the business model from higher organic revenue growth. However, 
as Chris indicated, we expect pressure once again in fiscal 2012 from the continued low interest rate environment. As 
you heard from Chris a few moments ago, the anticipated decline in the yield on the client funds investment portfolio is 
expected to more than offset the favorable impact from the forecasted growth in client funds balances. 


As is our normal practice, no further share buybacks are contemplated in the forecast beyond anticipated dilution 
related to employee benefit plans, although it is clearly our intent to continue to return excess cash to our shareholders, 
obviously depending upon market conditions. 

Let's now turn to slide 11 for the segment update. For Employer Services, we anticipate revenue growth of 6% to 7%, 
with pre-tax margin expansion of at least 50 basis points. We also anticipate an increase in our pays per control metric 
in the U.S. of 1% to 2%. And we anticipate 15% to 17% revenue growth for PEO Services, with the pre-tax margin 
about flat with fiscal 2011. We anticipate 8% to 10% growth in the annual dollar value of the ES and PEO worldwide 
new business sales, up from the nearly $1.1 billion sold in fiscal 2011. And for Dealer Services, we anticipate 8% to 
10% revenue growth, with pre-tax margin expansion of about 50 basis points. About two points of that revenue growth 
is anticipated to come from a full year of Cobalt compared to last year's 10.5 months. 

Turning now to slide 12, I'd like to leave you with a few closing remarks before we open it up to you for your 
questions. So we're quite pleased with ADP's results for fiscal 2011. Organic revenue growth was a healthy 6% for 
fiscal 2011. The trends in our key business metrics continue to be positive, and were the strongest that they have been 
in over three years. Our investments in product innovation, service infrastructure, and in sales force distribution are 
paying off, as we have excellent momentum in both sales and client retention. Our product breadth has never been 
better. 

We also achieved a return on equity of 21.8% this year. ADP's cash position is strong, and we remain committed to 
returning excess cash to our shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. We continued to successfully execute 
against our five-point strategic growth program. Our core businesses are strong and growing. Growth of our HR BPO 
solutions for all size companies is accelerating. We have tremendous opportunity in our international business. And I 
am particularly pleased with this year's growth in our Employer Services international business. 

We were highly acquisitive this year, closing nine strategic acquisitions with $450 million in annualized revenues. And 
we remain focused on driving pre-tax margin expansion. 

I believe we continue to do the right things to grow the business. And I am optimistic about our growth opportunities, 
not just in the year ahead of fiscal 2012, but for many years to come. 

Now let me turn it over to the operator to take your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jim Kissane with Bank of America Securities. 

<Q - James F. Kissane>: Thank you; good job, guys. Chris, can you give us a sense when you think the margin 
pressure from some of the recent acquisitions will peak and the drag will moderate? And then maybe, Gary, your 
appetite for acquisitions as you look into fiscal 2012? 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: Yes, starting with the margins, the pressure abates significantly next year, Jim. I think 
there are about 20 basis points of margin pressure in 2012 or thereabouts. 

<Q - James F. Kissane>: Okay. Does that turn – is it like more than that in the first half and then you start to get some 
accretion in the back half? 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: Yes, yes, absolutely. 

<Q - James F. Kissane>: Okay. 

<A - Gary C. Butler>: In terms of the appetite for acquisitions, I don't think anything has realistically changed. We 
target two to three percentage points of acquisition growth every year. Sometimes it's a little less. Sometimes it's a little 


more, like it was last year. It was more like 4.5%. So our acquisition pipeline is still reasonably strong, and I would 
expect to have some reasonable growth in new acquisitions in the year ahead. 

<Q - James F. Kissane>: Not to put you on the spot, Gary, but is there some risk if you have the same level of 
acquisitions in fiscal 2012 that you could see similar margin pressure that we're not currently contemplating? 

<A - Gary C. Butler>: There is always that risk, Jim, but because strategically if it were important enough, I would 
certainly make that kind of a tradeoff, although typically we don't have a huge appetite for real dilutive acquisitions that 
might be problematic over the long term. So I think if we're successful, there will be some drag. But certainly from a 
strategic standpoint, it wouldn't be something that I would hold back doing if it were the right thing for the business. 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: We'll continue to be opportunistic, but it's more likely that our acquisition spending next 
year will be back in line with our normal targets of $300 million to $400 million. And as you know, that has been 
lumpy over the last four or five years. 

<A - Gary C. Butler>: Yes, if you went back a couple years, Jim, I think we had maybe closer to 1% – or $100 
million. This year is a little stronger than normal. But to expect a couple hundred million in acquisitions is business as 
usual. 

<Q - James F. Kissane>: I think that's right. And Gary, the retentions outstanding, you said you can move it up a bit. 
But are you starting to push up against a natural upper limit? And maybe can you... 

<A - Gary C. Butler>: We're certainly asking [indiscernible] (27:48) to 100%, Jim, but I'd love to be having that 
problem. The statistic around retention is probably the one that I am most pleased with across all of ADP. It's just really 
outstanding to rebound back as fast as we did and to the record levels that we're at. And it's really across the board in all 
segments of ES as well as in Dealer Services. So as you get higher up, obviously it becomes more difficult to improve 
that, but I still think there's a lot of room to grow. In our international business and National Accounts, we're right 
around 95%. So depending upon the weight of our business by size, it also has some impact. But I'm still pretty 
optimistic. 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: If you remember, Jim, back to our May 5 meeting where we laid out the five-year 
strategy. We mentioned that we think we can get on average 30 basis points a year for the next five years, and so to 
take that 91% up to over 92%, so there is still some more headroom there. 

<Q - James F. Kissane>: That's excellent, thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Nathan Rozof with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Nathan Rozof>: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Gary, just given all the investments in product innovation 
you've made recently, I was hoping you can give us some more insight into which of your products or services are 
driving the strength in the forward-looking metrics that we've seen recently. Are there any areas that stand out or where 
these investments are really paying off? 

<A - Gary C. Butler>: I think the one that really is first and foremost is our progress with RUN on the low end of the 
market. It's a real-time in the cloud product with full mobile capability. And we now have over 120,000 clients up on 
the RUN platform. The service level, the product is much more intuitive, and so the service levels are higher. Clients 
are calling less because they're doing it real time on the web. So I clearly think along with the investments in 
infrastructure, it has helped us drive a two or three point improvement in retention in SBS over the course of the last 
year. 

We're seeing similar, but not quite as dramatic results from Workforce Now in major accounts. And I expect that 
Advantage, albeit our retention in National Accounts is 94% or 95% already, I would expect Advantage will make that 
even better in the future. 


<Q - Nathan Rozof>: And then just since you mentioned RUN and given your leadership in rolling out cloud based 
offerings, are you seeing any divergence in demand trends between your newer SaaS based products or more traditional 
full-service products? 

<A - Gary C. Butler>: The beauty in the offering is that we give you both. We give it to you in a SaaS model, but with 
a full-service complement if you need it, which is very different than some of our competition. So I don't think you'll 
ever see ADP move away from not offering full service, but continuing to try to drive efficiency through a more 
intuitive product delivered through the cloud that will drive retention and margins for us long term. 

<Q - Nathan Rozof>: Great, thank you very much. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of David Grossman with Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - David Grossman>: Hi, thanks. Gary and Chris, if you look out over the next 12 months, what do you think are 
the most likely variables other than rates and perhaps share repurchases that could put the fiscal 2012 outcome either 
above or below the range that you've guided to? 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: I'd start with a couple of our basic metrics. Certainly pays per control at the 1% to 2% 
level is subject to where employment levels go, et cetera. So that's a pretty wide range, and it's coming off 2.5%. 
Balance growth, we've been surprised by balance growth for the last year now. And we think that the 7% – 8% is very 
reasonable and it's a moderating of some increases we've seen. But it wouldn't shock me to see that continuing to grow. 
And that could – we've considered some of that in the range on the upside. FX is all over the map, so your guess is as 
good as mine. When we do our range, we try to range that as much as we can on FX. 

And then clearly the biggest metric that impacts us is sales, and we like what we're seeing. The trend is really good. 
The 8% to 10% is good solid sales growth. So I don't expect to see much change in that, but obviously that's a big lever 
as well. Gary? 

<A - Gary C. Butler>: The thing that could probably affect that the most would be overperformance on sales, 
particularly if it was in the first half of the year, David, because it would give us revenue lift towards the end of the 
year. So I would echo Chris's comments with that added pillar. 

<Q - David Grossman>: And how would you characterize that? It looks like you came in how you thought you would 
come in on sales in the fourth quarter. But given all the noise in the background economically, do you have any high 
level thoughts as you enter fiscal 2012 on the new sales environment vis-à-vis what we're hearing every day in the 
paper? 

<A - Gary C. Butler>: There's always that risk, but that foolishness in Washington has been going on for a while. And 
we had a pretty good fourth quarter in sales and had a pretty strong June. So I think generally speaking, the people 
running businesses have to do exactly that. And if they need payroll and HR services, they pretty much have to get 
them. So as long as we're not in some kind of a precipitous fall, which hopefully we won't get into with the folks in 
Washington, then I would expect the business to continue trucking along at a pretty reasonable pace. 

<Q - David Grossman>: Okay, great, and then just one last question, Chris, on the tax rate. It looks like – and maybe I 
had it down wrong. It came in a little bit low for the fourth quarter. What are your thoughts underlying the guidance for 
next year in terms of tax rate? 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: The fourth quarter is an unusual quarter, as you can see, this past year and the year 
before because when you file the return late March, then you true it up and then you've got a better sense of the 
international revenues, where they fall, et cetera, et cetera. So traditionally we've had some true-ups in the fourth 
quarter, and this year was no different. 


So as you look forward, one of the things I would say about our tax rate is that if you look back, we've driven a lot of 
improvement in taxes and the effective tax rate over the last few years, and so we're really proud of that. One of the 
things that goes unnoticed is we closed out 13 years of open tax returns just in the last 30 months. And so that has been 
significant progress, and the effective tax rate has been stepping down. I think that will continue to happen over next 
few years. I think in our guidance for fiscal year 2012, we're assuming a rate of around 35 basis points (sic) [35%] 
(36:05), which was the full-year effective tax rate in fiscal year 2011. So I expect good continued progress, and use 
about 35% flat for your models. 

<Q - David Grossman>: Is that 35% or down 35 basis points year over year? I'm sorry. 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: 35%. 

<Q - David Grossman>: Okay. 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: Gary thought I said the same thing. 

<A - Gary C. Butler>: No, I didn't think you did. 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: 35.0% effective tax rate, David. 

<Q - David Grossman>: Okay, very good. Thank you. 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: All right. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Jefferies. 

<Q - Ramsey El-Assal>: Hi, this is Ramsey El-Assal for Jason Kupferberg. Back in May, you raised long term 
revenue growth guidance by about two points versus where it had been set in the previous year. Can you talk about – 
remind us again about the specific factors in your business you saw change over the course of that year which gave you 
the confidence to boost this five-year top line growth target, which seemed like a fairly bold move in a macro 
environment that's pretty unsettled, or a bit unsettled at least? 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: I think if I'm understanding you correctly, we're talking about May 5, where we talked to 
8% to 10% over the next five years. 

<Q - Ramsey El-Assal>: That's right. 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: That's traditionally our range. I think if you looked at the 6%, it was burdened by the 
early years of rebounding from the downturn and the recession, was the biggest thing. But clearly, we've had increased 
metrics. Our metrics have rebounded nicely across the board, so the retention days and everything else. And that has 
certainly contributed to it as well as the fact that we've had great success with the tuck-in acquisitions. So our product 
portfolio is better than ever, and so that all contributes. 

<Q - Ramsey El-Assal>: Okay, and one follow-up. How much pricing lift is assumed in the fiscal 2012 guidance, and 
does that vary by the various segments? 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: It does vary by the various segments. Obviously, we're contractual in the National 
Accounts space and not so in Small Business and Majors, or certainly to a lesser extent than Majors. And so when we 
gave guidance, the pricing, it's still pretty early because it just went out July 1, so there's always some settling down. 
But it was just about a 1% price increase this year. 

<Q - Ramsey El-Assal>: Thanks a lot, guys. 

Operator 


Your next question comes from the line of Rod Bourgeois with Bernstein. 

<Q - Rod Bourgeois>: Okay, great. Can you guys comment on what's driving the better commentary in the 
international business? It would be very helpful to get some specifics on that. And in answering that, can you also just 
give us an update on GlobalView and the prospects for that business to turn the corner on positive profitability? 

<A - Gary C. Butler>: In terms of international business, the main reason is new sales. We've considerably increased 
our head count in terms of new sales. In Europe, we've added a number of additional products through acquisition and 
other relationships around self-service, HR Administration, Time and Labor Management, which have given us both 
impetus in the base as well as in new business. In China, our business, albeit small, had a very strong sales year in 
terms of what's happening there. So it's really growth in sales. Retention is still strong. Retention in international is 
roughly 95%. And so it has been – I think it was 95% last year and around 95% the year before. So it's really all around 
new sales and new products. And we've made a few acquisitions on top of that which will continue to help us. 

GlobalView is still somewhat eclectic in the sense you have big deals that you get in a quarter and you have big deals 
that you don't get the next quarter. But as a general statement, our pipelines are better than they've been over the last 
couple of years. And we're rolling out some new iterations of the product that will help us. And I think our current 
forecast for profitability for GlobalView I think is what, 2013? 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: Breakeven for 2013. 

<A - Elena Charles>: 2013, for break even. 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: . What I would also add to that, Rod, is we're building nicely. We continued to 
implement business during the downturn when sales were certainly under pressure. So we're up to about $100 million 
of recurring revenue in fiscal year 2011, and we're well on the way towards that $500 million of revenue in backlog. 

<A - Gary C. Butler>: We have over 1 million employees being paid on GlobalView today. And counting the 
backlog, we're at 1.5 million employees around the world and now operating in 50-plus countries, particularly with our 
Streamline offering. So it's going well. It's like anything in life. It could always be better, but it's going pretty good. 

<Q - Rod Bourgeois>: Okay, and then just real quickly on the pays per control outlook, you've given an outlook for 
pays per control growth of 1% to 2% for fiscal 2012, and that's compared to I think 2.6% in the June quarter. Can you 
just talk about the reasoning behind setting the bar at 1% to 2% for fiscal 2012, and if there's any insight you can 
provide given your better than everyone else's visibility into what's happening with payroll growth? 

<A - Gary C. Butler>: As to what you hear from the BLS [Bureau of Labor Statistics] on from the national 
employment report, we monitor pays per control on this year versus last year versus month to month, which is what you 
look at in the BLS. So if you were to look at a 2% growth rate on 140 million people in the private sector, it would 
mean you'd be adding couple hundred thousand jobs a month over the course of the next 12 months. And if you were to 
look at 1%, it would be like 100,000 jobs a month, which is not that different than what the ADP National Employment 
Report has been forecasting. 

Obviously, we've got momentum and we can project forward based on our strong fourth quarter pays per control, 
which will benefit from all next year over the trailing base. So we're feeling pretty good about that statistic. But again, 
with what's going on in the economy and what's going on in Washington, we don't want to be too aggressive. 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: So Rod, another thing that I would add is some of it is pure math grow-over. So if you 
look at the fourth quarter of 2010, that was when it started going slightly positive, I think it was up 0.3%. In the first 
quarter of 2011, it was up 1.7%. So now the 2.6% that we grew in the fourth quarter was compared to a relatively 
flattish quarter the prior year. Now we start having a more difficult compare against 1.7%, growing to 2.7%, I think, in 
the second quarter, so it just becomes a more difficult compare. That's more of what drives the 1% to 2% mechanically 
than anything else. 

<Q - Rod Bourgeois>: Great, that's helpful. Thanks. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of David Togut with Evercore Partners. 

<Q - David Togut>: Thank you. Good morning, Gary and Chris. 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: Good morning, David. 

<A - Gary C. Butler>: Good morning, David. 

<Q - David Togut>: Gary, can you quantify competitive win rates versus your largest national competitor in the small 
business market, and then if you could do that also at the high end of the market in Employer Services? 

<A - Gary C. Butler>: We don't publish that on a regular basis, David, as you know. We continue to feel like we are 
doing well against our largest national competitor on the low end of the market. Our loss rates to competition, 
particularly the national competitors, are less this year than they were in fiscal 2010; so in every case, our losses are 
less. And so we're feeling pretty good, but it's a highly competitive market, but I think we're coming out fine. 

<Q - David Togut>: As a quick follow-up, Gary, in the small business market, do you believe that your principal 
competitor has an effective counter-solution for RUN? And then if you take that analysis up to the high end of the 
market, is there another product out there that will have similar functionality to VANTAGE HCM? 

<A - Gary C. Butler>: I think you'd have to ask my other competitor that question rather than me answering for them. 
Obviously, we think the RUN platform is doing extremely well competitively. But I would remind you, as we've 
discussed previously, our biggest source of loss on the low end of the market are to the regional competitors, who are 
purely price plays in most cases. So they actually would give us more day-to-day frustration than our national 
competitors. 

We think that VANTAGE with its consolidated database for both benefits, payroll, HR, and time; and the new 
software-as-a- service platform as well as the new user interface is going to make us much more competitive 
up-market. But again, I would remind you that our largest competitors up-market are the software providers, not the 
other service players. So certainly some of them are doing better than others; but again, I think VANTAGE is going to 
help us, particularly as it relates to insulating our base. 

<Q - David Togut>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Julio Quinteros with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Julio C. Quinteros>: Hey, guys, good morning. 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: Good morning, Julio. 

<Q - Julio C. Quinteros>: One quick question on just the revenue exposure; we think about it by vertical, obviously, 
knowing what's going on, on the government side and financial services vertical. Can you just frame your relative 
exposure to both of those verticals as end markets for you guys? 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: Give that to me again. Financial services exposure, and what was the other one? 

<Q - Julio C. Quinteros>: Public services or government. 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: We don't do an awful lot of that. That's not a huge part of our business. 

<A - Gary C. Butler>: We have a lot of small cities and counties and those kind of things, and we have a number of 
larger cities. We do just a few states, work with a few states. And we do virtually no business with the federal 
government, so I'd say the exposure there is small. 


Certainly in financial services, particularly for the global players, we do a good bit of business with them on our 
GlobalView platform as well as our and best-of-breed platforms in both the U.S. and in Europe. Interestingly enough, 
our business there is actually growing quite healthily because it went down so precipitously when you came out of 
2008 going into 2009. So I don't think it is a real issue for us on the financial services side. 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: Actually, when we look at the pays per control by industry, you're right that the public 
administration is down. In the fourth quarter, for example, it was down about 1.5%. The financial, insurance, banking, 
and mortgage is up over 1%. So part of that is because it suffered so much when it went down that it's just coming back 
to more normal levels. But what I'm looking at, our exposure to public administration is a very insignificant part of our 
base, less than a couple percent. 

<Q - Julio C. Quinteros>: Just on that same basis, financial services, where would you frame the percentage exposure 
there? 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: Over – about 2.5%, thereabouts. 

<Q - Julio C. Quinteros>: Okay, great. Thanks, guys. Good luck. 

Operator 

Your next question from the line of Tien-tsin Huang with JPMorgan. 

<Q - Tien-tsin Huang>: Hi, thanks. Good morning. 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: Good morning, Tien-tsin. 

<Q - Tien-tsin Huang>: Good morning. I'm sorry if I missed this, but the operating expenses relative to our model, 
that seemed to be the biggest delta. That came in a little bit higher as percent of revenues. It looks like D&A and 
SG&A was pretty consistent. So I'm curious what drove some of the pickup in the OpEx line. 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: The OpEx line was significantly impacted by the acquisitions. And then on top of that, 
you had the growth in the PEO, so the pass-through costs. So those were the biggest drivers of that change. And we 
obviously made investments that grew throughout the year, as you know. So comparatively year over year, that's in 
there as well. 

<Q - Tien-tsin Huang>: Understood. I think probably the PEO piece is probably what made the difference for us, but 
that's good to know. 

My follow-on question, I guess for Chris or Gary, just the implications obviously of the debt situation in the U.S. in the 
event of a default or a downgrade or what have you; how should we consider that impact, should it happen, to your 
laddering strategy, particularly I guess on the funding side? Have you stressed that at all? 

<A - Gary C. Butler>: We've certainly had ample time to talk about it. The reality is those investments today that we 
have in Agencies and other securities, I don't think it would be our intent to liquidate those or try to get rid of those 
because frankly, I don't know where you'd put them that would be any better with any kind of a decent yield. So we 
haven't spent a great deal of time looking at Plan B. I think, obviously, we'll have to change some of our guidelines and 
so forth with the Board if indeed that downgrade did occur. But the actual outcome to our portfolio distribution and 
what it would do to our earnings I think is pretty minimal. 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: But I'd add, Tien-tsin, you talked about the overall laddering strategy. And obviously, I 
think you're talking too about our access to the commercial paper market. We don't anticipate any issue with access to 
commercial paper. If anything, our overnight CP is even more attractive these days recently with them paying less than 
10 basis points than the overnight CP market. So that's something to keep in mind. 


I'd also say that if you're talking too to our AAA rating and the impact it might have, within the last few weeks both 
Moody's and S&P reaffirmed our AAA rating with stable outlook in light of the negative outlook on the U.S. rating as 
well. So from that perspective, we don't anticipate any impact. And then as Gary said in terms of the investment side, 
we're comfortable. We'll continue to monitor, but we don't expect downgrades beyond AA, so it's clearly still very high 
investment grade, and so we wouldn't expect too much of a change. Who knows, maybe it will drive the rates up a little 
bit over time, so that wouldn't be a bad thing. But we don't expect it to be a significant impact. 

<Q - Tien-tsin Huang>: Great, that's good to know. Hopefully, it doesn't come to Plan B. But if it does, I guess you 
guys would be ready to hire the government. 

<A - Gary C. Butler>: I'm not sure that makes me feel all that good. 

<Q - Tien-tsin Huang>: Right. I appreciate it, guys. Thanks so much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Kartik Mehta with Northcoast Research. 

<Q - Kartik Mehta>: Gary, I wanted to ask. You talked a lot about product innovations and the RUN product, and I'm 
wondering. Has the acquisition of your clients on the Small Business segment, has that changed over the past couple 
years as these new products have come in, or are you selling differently? 

<A - Gary C. Butler>: I think our product is something that our sales force is excited about, whereas if you were to go 
back four or five years ago, we had a ten-year-plus old product. And I think they were selling more on name and 
reputation than they were maybe on product. So when you get double-digit sales growth and improved retention rates, 
mobile platforms, real-time payroll calculations, as many as you want to do, the sales force is just excited about it. 
CPAs like it, and our bank partners are also enthused. 

<Q - Kartik Mehta>: I guess, Gary, I meant more about distribution channel. Are you getting your clients more 
through the Internet distribution channel versus CPAs or versus just direct sales methods because product has changed? 

<A - Gary C. Butler>: It hasn't dramatically changed. It's a little bit more from the Internet side because we are more 
active in terms of search engine marketing and that kind of thing, but the basic distribution hasn't changed all that 
much. 

<Q - Kartik Mehta>: Assuming, Chris, just the impact on revenue and margins if you start seeing an improvement on 
pays per control out of Europe, I know you've talked about that pays per control improvement in the U.S. and what that 
could do to revenue and margins. But I'm wondering what the international business or the European business would do 
to revenue and margins. 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: If a 1% change in pays per control in the U.S. is worth $20 million, it's going to be a lot 
less than that, so $3 million or $4 million, so it's not going to be huge to our total revenues. I think it probably talks 
more to the confidence of the companies and their buying patterns and it probably helps sales more than anything else. 

<Q - Kartik Mehta>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Mark Marcon with R.W. Baird. 

<Q - Mark S. Marcon>: Good morning. I was wondering if you could talk about the growth projection for ES for this 
coming year in the 6% to 7% range. How much of that is due to acquisitions that haven't annualized as yet? 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: Less than a point or so, Mark, that will be the acquisition carryover. 


<Q - Mark S. Marcon>: Great. And then in anticipation of future acquisitions, would you say the higher priority is 
going to be still on ES? Or could the $300 million to $400 million that you could end up doing this year, could that be 
evenly split between Dealer or potentially even just the new area that you've just made the recent toe dip into? 

<A - Gary C. Butler>: The realities are that ES is four times the size of Dealer, and so the opportunities in terms of 
adding to the ES base are certainly larger than it is in Dealer. That being said, if Dealer finds something that's strategic 
or is a good rollup, we're not going to hesitate to do it because we think Dealer is a great business with a lot of great 
growth prospects, good margins, all the other things. But historically, it would still be probably 75% – 80% ES as the 
way to think about it, albeit it wasn't this year because Cobalt was a good bit larger. 

<Q - Mark S. Marcon>: Great. So then can you remind us what the split now is between beyond payroll versus core in 
ES from a revenue perspective? 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: From a revenue perspective, it's about two-thirds versus one-third payroll to beyond 
payroll. 

<Q - Mark S. Marcon>: Okay. I imagine you're seeing part of the improvement with regards to retention is increased 
cross-selling with regards to the beyond payroll because you become more sticky. Can you talk a little bit to that? And 
how are the new sales trends going in terms of the mix where you're selling more than just core? 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: The new sales trend, part of that is just a little bit over 50/50 towards payroll. So it's like 
52/48 payroll/beyond payroll. And you're right, the impact of that does drive up retention. It's hard to isolate the impact 
of that, so the retention growth is a combination of that, service improvements, et cetera. So it's all of the above. 

<Q - Mark S. Marcon>: Great, thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Michael Baker with Raymond James. 

<Q - Michael J. Baker>: Question as it relates to the new offerings that you put to market, you've certainly given us a 
sense of how that has helped you out from a competitive dynamic; how about in terms of actually opening up new 
opportunities, so getting a shift from previous in-house to outsourced? 

<A - Gary C. Butler>: It certainly helped us, and probably a good example is Workforce Now. Workforce Now 
includes time, benefits, HR, and payroll, all in one database. And literally once you sell it, even if you only buy payroll, 
you can basically really just turn a switch and add the other modules. Plus, we do incent new prospects. They get a 
better deal by buying a bundle than they would buying individually, so certainly we're trying to push for larger bundles. 

But probably the most important thing is the product really runs as a cloud platform. It is a real-time, delivered through 
the Internet, through the cloud application. And really from a client's perspective, it looks and feels the same way a 
software package would if you were running it on your in-house machine. So I think it will continue to help us in that 
view. 

<Q - Michael J. Baker>: And then another question I had was can you give us a sense of where you are in terms of 
your negotiations with your health insurance carriers as it relates to the PEO; and give us some sense as to the drag, if 
you will, in terms of pass-through or how that's influencing that line item and how that's expected to change if you're 
nearing another negotiation? 

<A - Gary C. Butler>: We're really not nearing another negotiation. Our carrier agreements are the same as our fiscal 
year anniversary. So we just went through open enrollment in the April/May/June time period. So we're pretty much 
good to go for the next nine to ten months. 

<Q - Michael J. Baker>: And how does that rate compare to the previous year's rate? 


<A - Gary C. Butler>: It was certainly up. I'm trying to remember. I don't know the exact number, but I think it's in 
more in like the 10% range. 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: To your point, Michael, on the margin pressures, if you look at the margins, excluding 
the big one-time item that we had $9 million gain last year, fourth quarter 2010 margins were 8.9%. Fourth quarter 
2011 margins were 8.9%, actually up about 10 basis points; fiscal year 2011, excluding the $9 million gain, 8.9%, 
about flat with the prior year. So they're stabilizing somewhat at the 8.9%. We said about flat in fiscal year 2012, which 
is another stabilizing comment. The pressure on the margins due to the pass-through, we're continuing to try to offset 
those through improvements in [indiscernible] (1:02:40) margins, and so far we've been fairly successful. 

<Q - Michael J. Baker>: Thank you, Gary and Chris. 

Operator 

Your next question from the line of Giri Krishnan with Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Giri Krishnan>: Good morning, Gary and Chris. I had a question for Gary. I think you referenced maybe a 
reduction in the annual auto sales forecast, which I think you've seen some of the auto companies reduce their annual 
sales forecasts just a touch. In looking at your Dealer Services guidance for the year, which suggests faster organic 
growth versus last year, could you maybe frame what sort of scenario you're anticipating? Is that anticipating a slight 
slowdown, or maybe give us some more perspective on it? 

<A - Gary C. Butler>: You have to remember that in Dealer, we've got very good visibility on the first six months of 
next fiscal year because we know exactly what our backlog is and the average install takes four to six months to get 
installed. So we know what our backlog is and we know what the forecast is, so we feel pretty good from that. 

You also have to remember that new car volume for an auto dealer is only a – not small, but it's not the only component 
that determines how they're running the business. In many cases, they'll sell more used than they will new. And parts 
and service and the margins they make there are really how they carry the business on a day-to-day basis, and they're 
not – and somewhat insulated from the vagaries of new car sales month to month. So we had a strong sales finish in 
Dealer. June was one of the strongest months we've ever had at Dealer, so strong finish. 

The other thing that's really helping a lot there is our retention rates continue to improve. There's very little 
out-of-business any more. We're getting good results and selling add-on applications. And we're continuing to see 
upticks in credit transactions and vehicle registrations. So I would say it's just a slight negative, but it won't really 
change significantly our forecast for next year. 

<Q - Giri Krishnan>: Okay, and I think last quarter you had referenced margins in Cobalt being maybe a little bit 
below where you think they should have been. What is your expectation for 2012 with respect to Cobalt? 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: They've come back. If you look at the fourth quarter on Dealer, for example, the fourth 
quarter was up 19 basis points including acquisitions, so that will give you some sense of the margin improvement over 
time with Cobalt. So next year, we get back to a more normal compare and it starts to blend with the rest of the 
business. 

<Q - Giri Krishnan>: Okay, and then last question. Was there a forecast for sales head count provided – not a 
forecast? I don't know if you referenced what your anticipation or expectation was for sales head count growth. 

<A - Gary C. Butler>: Our typical business model is we would be pushing for 10% growth on the top line, and we 
would do that through a combination of additional head count, call it 6% to 7%, and then striving for productivity 
improvements to get the balance. 

<Q - Giri Krishnan>: Okay, all right. Thank you. 


Operator 

At this time we do have time for one or two more questions. Your next question comes from the line of Jim MacDonald 
with First Analysis. 

<Q - James MacDonald>: Good morning, guys, thanks. 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: Good morning, Jim. 

<Q - James MacDonald>: The payroll and beyond payroll ticked down sequentially just a little bit. Can you just talk 
to that, the growth rates? Those do not include ForEx, right? 

<A - Elena Charles>: Correct. 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: That's right. They've actually been building pretty nicely. I think in beyond payroll, the 
first half of fiscal 2010 was about 3%. It was back up to 9% in Q4 and 6% for fiscal year 2010. It's building nicely in 
fiscal year 2011. I think we started at 10%, 8% excluding acquisition. We got 15% – 10% to 12% excluding acquisition 
growth in Q2 to Q4. 

What you saw in one of the quarters was slightly higher. You had a little bit of tax credit services stuff like the Hire Act 
credit, so it can be a little bit lumpy. But still we're very, very pleased with the direction beyond payroll has been going. 
And it's really across the board, and we highlighted Tax Credit Services, ASO, the HR, and Majors DLM. But we also 
had good strong growth in retirement services and insurance. And the other HR areas across the rest of the company, 
they all grew nicely as well. So we're happy with what we're seeing in beyond payroll. 

<Q - James MacDonald>: That just leads to my follow-up. Can you just update the health brokerage and thoughts on 
that outside of the PEO? 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: It's growing nicely, Insurance Services. Gary, do you want to talk to that? 

<A - Gary C. Butler>: It's very strong double digits. We're opening up some new states. Workers' comp is getting up 
to – I think 15% to 20% of the base is buying workers' comp from us in the small end of the market. And healthcare is 
going gangbusters. So we think it's going to continue to go down that path for at least the next couple, three years. 

<Q - James MacDonald>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Your final question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citigroup. 

<Q - Philip Edward Stiller>: Hi, this is Phil Stiller on for Ashwin. Chris, I was just wondering. You guys had a 
relatively high level of realized gains in the portfolio this year. Can you comment on why that was and just confirm that 
there is no expectation for gains in the fiscal 2012 guidance? 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: You're always going to get some. The interest as well as the unrealized gain this year is 
what, $571 million, so any activity in the portfolio would be a gain. 

Earlier in the year, we had a small holding in BP that we sold at a gain in the first quarter just to reduce our exposure to 
that. You remember what was going on at that time, so we got out of that at the right point. So that contributed gain 
was a one-time thing. In the fourth quarter, we had another gain on one of the investments which happened to be a 
non-strategic investment that we had, and so we had that. So we're not contemplating anything in our guidance in 2012, 
but we monitor that as we go forward and take appropriate actions. 

<Q - Philip Edward Stiller>: Okay. And then my follow-up, I just wanted to ask about the new [ph] Align (1:10:20) 
payroll card that you guys introduced. Seemingly, this is an area where you guys really haven't been too bullish on in 
the past. Is this something that you guys will push more aggressively to your clients going forward is? And then what's 


the financial impact to ADP for someone switching to a payroll card versus physical checks? 

<A - Gary C. Butler>: I think today we have around 500,000 people or something like that on the pay card. It's 
growing nicely, double digits, not off the charts, but nice double digits. And we're going to continue to drive more 
features into the pay card. And we think it's a great vehicle for us, particularly around cashability and driving float 
volume and fees with the pay card. So no big change in strategy there; just continued success, and I think we're in good 
shape for the future. 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: And I'd just quantify that that 0.5 million that Gary referred to is the actual active cards 
that are loading. There are actually more than that out, but those are actually active and loaded. 

<Q - Philip Edward Stiller>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

Operator 

At this time, I'll turn back over to Gary Butler for closing remarks. 

Gary C. Butler 

Thank you very much. So to close briefly, I'm very pleased at the excellent performance we had in FY 2011. As all of 
you may recall, we raised our forecast each quarter across the year. What that says to me is that the momentum in the 
business is accelerating. Our metrics were strong across the board. I think the real takeaway is the two things that affect 
growth most at ADP are new bookings and sales and keeping the clients that we have, both of which had very strong 
performances in FY 2011. 

I want to again reiterate. I'm especially pleased with our M&A activity. I think it sets the stage, along with the 
accelerating momentum we have in the business, to continue the progress that we made in FY 2011 into FY 2012. So I 
think the stage is set for an on-track FY 2012 that is consistent with our long-term growth prospects that we shared with 
you back at the May analyst meeting. So I think we're in great shape. Thank you for listening and we'll talk to you next 
quarter. 

Christopher R. Reidy 

Thanks, everyone. 

Operator 

This concludes ADP fiscal 2011 earnings webcast. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2012, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


