Q4 2012 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Elena S. Charles 
• Carlos A. Rodriguez 
• Christopher R. Reidy 
Other Participants 

• David Togut 
• Rod M. Bourgeois 
• Jim Francis Kissane 
• Matt Diamond 
• David Grossman 
• Sara Rebecca Gubins 
• Theresa Chen 
• James MacDonald 
• Joseph D. Foresi 
• Mark S. Marcon 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Christy, and I will be your conference operator. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to ADP's Yearend Fiscal 2012 Earnings Webcast. I would like to inform you that this conference is being 
recorded, and all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there 
will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. 

I will now turn the conference over to Ms. Elena Charles, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 

Elena S. Charles 

Thank you. Good morning. I am here today with Carlos Rodriguez, ADP's President and Chief Executive Officer; and 
Chris Reidy, ADP's Chief Financial Officer. Thank you for joining us for our fiscal 2012 earnings call and webcast. 

Our slide presentation for today's call and webcast is available for you to print from the Investor Relations homepage of 
our website at ADP.com. As a reminder, the quarterly history of revenue and pre-tax earnings for our reportable 
segments has also been posted to the Investor Relations section of our website. These schedules have been updated to 
include the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012. 

During today's conference call, we will make some forward-looking statements that refer to future events and as such 
involve some risks and these are discussed on page 2 of the slide presentation and in our periodic filings with the SEC. 

With that, I'll now turn the call over to Carlos for his opening remarks. 


Carlos A. Rodriguez 

Thank you, Elena. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I'll begin today's call with some opening remarks about 
our fourth quarter and fiscal year results. Then, I'll turn the call over to our CFO, Chris Reidy, who will take you 
through the detailed results, after which I'll return to provide you with our fiscal 2013 forecast. And, before we take 
your questions, I'll provide some concluding remarks. 

As you read in this morning's press release, ADP reported good results for fiscal 2012. Total revenues for the year grew 
8%, with 6% organic growth. Excluding the gain we reported in the second fiscal quarter, pre-tax earnings grew 6%, 
net earnings grew 7%, and earnings per share increased 9%. These are good results given continued economic 
headwinds. We still continue to face low market interest rates, ongoing low GDP growth in the U.S., and an economic 
backdrop that is becoming more challenging in Europe. 

I'm particularly pleased with our sales execution in Employer Services and PEO Services during the fourth quarter, 
which resulted in 20% growth in the quarter and 13% growth for the year, beating our forecasted growth of 12% for the 
year. Sales force productivity continued to be very solid as we exited the year. We're pleased with the sales of our core 
offerings which include RUN, Workforce Now, and Vantage. If you recall from our May Analyst Conference, our 
theme was driving innovation and market leadership and clearly this focus is resonating in the marketplace and driving 
results. 

New business sales were strong in absolute dollars as well and totaled over $1.2 billion for the year. I do want to 
remind everyone that our new business sales represent the anticipated annual recurring revenue that will come into our 
P&L as we install this new business over the next several months. Sales growth was double-digit across all major 
market segments in the U.S.; small business services, the PEO, major accounts, and national accounts. You may have 
noticed in today's press release in the 'About ADP' section that we updated our client count to about 600,000 clients 
worldwide. This is a 5% increase from a year ago. I'm pleased that we're gaining market share, especially in the small 
business market and believe this is in large part due to our focus on product innovation and providing stellar service to 
our clients. Comparatively, sales in our Employer Services International organization were not nearly as strong as they 
were in the U.S. and were influenced by the difficult economic environment across Europe. 

Moving on from sales to our other key business metrics; client balances continued to grow and the number of 
employees on our clients' payrolls as measured by same-store pays per control also increased. Client revenue retention, 
however, decreased slightly during the fourth quarter and ticked down 10 basis points for the year, entirely due to the 
large client loss that we told you about in the second quarter that was on a legacy product of an acquired business. I am 
nonetheless very pleased with the absolute revenue retention level of 91% in Employer Services, which is just below 
last year's record high. Achieving such high retention provides a good step-off point for fiscal 2013 as the two most 
important drivers of future revenue growth are new sales and retaining our existing revenues, as we have always 
discussed. 

Moving on to Dealer Services; the outlook for the automotive landscape in North America is good as the market 
forecast for calendar year 2012 vehicle sales continued to improve. Transaction volumes in Dealer Services were up 
this year, sales growth was solid, our win/loss rates were good, and we continued to have market share gains, and 
worldwide revenue retention also improved. 

On the acquisition front, fiscal 2012 was another successful year for ADP as we added to our solutions set. We closed 
seven transactions this year, with just over $200 million in total annualized revenues that we expect will enhance our 
future organic revenues. 

With that, I'll turn the call over to Chris to provide the financial highlights and a look at next year's forecast for our 
client funds investment strategy. 

Christopher R. Reidy 


Thanks, Carlos, and good morning, everyone. Let's now turn to slide 5. Total revenues grew 8% to $10.7 billion for the 
year. Employer Services grew total revenue 7%, the PEO grew 15%, and Dealer grew 10%. On an organic basis total 
revenues grew 6%, with Employer Services and Dealer Services each reporting 6% organic revenue growth. PEO 
revenue growth of 15% was all organic. Foreign exchange rates did not impact revenue growth for the year as the 
negative impact of approximately 1.5 percentage points in the fourth quarter offset the favorable impact of foreign 
exchange rates earlier in the year. You will hear more when we provide you with our forecast for fiscal 2013, but the 
unfavorable foreign exchange rate impact in the fourth quarter is anticipated to continue into next fiscal year, with the 
largest impact expected in the first fiscal quarter. 

Employer Services and PEO new business sales growth of 13% was strong and beat our expectations. Sales, along with 
the recent acquisitions we have made to complement our solutions set, continued to positively impact revenue growth. 
In Employer Services, there was good revenue growth across several products including RUN in our small business 
services marketplace, HR services in major accounts, time and labor management and ASO which is our BPO for small 
to midsize companies. Additionally, revenues for the year related to multinational companies as well as revenue growth 
from our best-of-breed solutions in Employer Services International contributed nicely to revenue growth, but revenue 
growth in the fourth quarter slowed in Employer Services International in our best-of-breed solutions, due in part to the 
softening European economy. 

Same-store pays pre control in Employer Services in the U.S. was strong with an increase of 3%; however, the decline 
in same-store pays per control across Europe that began earlier in the fiscal 2012 continued through the second half of 
the year, resulting in a slight decline for the full year. This is also something that we expect could negatively impact the 
international business in fiscal 2013 and we will speak more about this in our comments regarding the fiscal 2013 
forecast. 

We are pleased to have ended the year with client revenue retention of 91% which is just 10 basis points under last 
year's record high level. Average client fund balances increased 6% for the year, driven by new client growth, 
especially in small business services and increased pays per control. PEO revenues grew 15% for the year, with 12% 
growth in average number of worksite employees to about 255,000. PEO revenue growth for the year was lower than 
anticipated and I will cover that in the fourth quarter discussion in just a few moments. 

Moving on to Dealer Services; the automotive backdrop in U.S. is healthy, as is the Asian marketplace. Across Europe, 
however, is the same story as with Employer Services International. The economic landscape is challenging and is 
negatively impacting growth. Overall, Dealer Services continues to execute well. We are effectively selling layered 
apps to our base of clients, retention is improving, and we are gaining market share. 

Now, let's turn to slide 6 and continue with the highlights for the year. You may recall from this year's second fiscal 
quarter that we've sold assets related to a third-party expense management platform that resulted in a pre-tax gain of 
$66 million, $41 million after tax, and $0.08 of earnings per share. To remind you, we are treating this gain as a 
one-time item for comparative purposes. So, although we have shown on this slide the year-over-year results both 
including and excluding this gain, I'm only going to take you through the results excluding the gain. On that basis, 
pre-tax earnings increased 6%, and ADP's pre-tax margin declined 30 basis points. Excluding a drag of about 40 basis 
points from acquisitions, pre-tax margin actually improved about 10 basis points. And, if you further exclude the 
90-basis-point drag from the decline in high-margin client fund interest, there was a 100 basis points of margin 
expansion in the core business for the year. 

Moving next to net earnings, we reported a 7% increase, which benefited from a lower effective tax rate. Diluted 
earnings per share increased 9% and benefited from fewer shares outstanding compared to last year. We repurchased 

14.6 million ADP shares during the fiscal year for a total cost of $747 million. And, for your models, basic shares 
outstanding at June 30th are 484 million. Our cash and marketable securities position was strong at $1.7 billion at June 
30th. 
Turning to slide 7, I will now take you through the results for the fourth quarter. Total revenues grew 5% for the quarter 
to $2.6 billion, negatively impacted by unfavorable foreign exchange rate compared to last year's fourth quarter. So, 
excluding the foreign exchange impact, total revenues grew nearly 7%. Employer Services grew total revenue 7%, PEO 


grew 12%, and Dealer grew 7%. On an organic basis, total revenues grew 4%, Employer Services grew 5%, the PEO 
grew 12%, and Dealer Services grew 6% organically. New business sales for Employer Services and PEO Services 
were particularly strong in the quarter with 20% growth, and all major market segments in the U.S. achieved 
double-digit growth. In Employer Services, good revenue growth continued in the small business marketplace with 
RUN, HR services in major accounts, time and labor management, ASO, and we are pleased with the growth we are 
seeing with Workforce Now, minimal revenue on Vantage which was launched in the fall, but we are pleased with 
sales which are slightly ahead of our expectations. 

Revenue growth in the quarter related to multinational companies was solid as well. However, growth in our 
best-of-breed solutions across Europe slowed due to the softening economy there. Same-store pays per control in 
Employer Services in the U.S. was strong with an increase of 3.2%. However, as I mentioned earlier, there was a 
further decline in same-store pays per control across Europe during the fourth quarter. 

Client revenue retention declined 20 basis points in the quarter due to a handful of large clients being acquired that 
moved to the acquiring company systems. I also want to point out that we anticipate some pressure on first quarter 
fiscal 2013 retention as a result of further known client consolidations. However, we anticipate some improvement in 
client retention for the full year in fiscal 2013. Average client fund balances increased 4% for the quarter. We saw the 
same slowing of the growth rate in the third quarter as well and in the fourth quarter it is again primarily due to the 
smaller contribution from state unemployment insurance. On the positive side, solid new client growth continued, 
especially in small business services, and increased pays per control contributed to positive balance growth. 

PEO revenue growth was 12% for the quarter, with 11% growth in the number of average worksite employees to about 
265,000. This growth was lower-than-anticipated, primarily related to lower healthcare pass-through revenues, due in 
large part to insurance rebates required under healthcare reform. Under the Affordable Care Act, healthcare insurance 
providers are now required to operate within specified loss ratios which in effect cap the percentage of premium dollars 
that can be retained for administrative expenses and profits by the insurance companies. As a result, the insurance 
companies are required to issue rebates related to a portion of calendar 2011 and year-to-date 2012 premium dollars to 
employers and employees that were in excess of the specified loss ratios. Our fourth quarter reflects the amount that 
will be returned to the PEO for 2011 and that's calculated by the insurance providers. This amount will ultimately be 
returned to our clients and, therefore, is a reduction of the PEO pass-through revenues and expenses. So, very helpful to 
the pre-tax margin as there is no impact to pre-tax earnings, so the margin goes up on the lowered revenues. The 
negative impact to PEO revenue growth in the quarter was nearly 2 percentage points and about half a percentage point 
for the year. 

Dealer Services performed well in the fourth quarter, with total revenue growth of 7%, 6% organically. Before we 
move on from the fourth quarter's discussion on revenues, I want to again point out that we saw a slowdown in revenue 
growth in the international business of both Employer Services and Dealer Services due to the challenging economy in 
Europe. We expect this to impact the growth rates in fiscal 2013, which we'll get to in a few moments. 

Now let's turn to slide 8 and continue with the highlights for the quarter. Pre-tax earnings increased 11%, and ADP's 
pre-tax margin improved 80 basis points. ADP's pre-tax margin expanded in the fourth quarter, due in large part to 
easier year-over-year comparisons despite a drag of about 40 basis points from acquisitions and another 90 basis points' 
drag from the decline in high-margin client fund interest. The effective tax rate of 35% in the current fourth quarter was 

2.4 percentage points higher than last year, which benefited from small favorable tax items. Net earnings increased 7% 
in the quarter, impacted by the higher effective tax rate in the quarter. Diluted earnings per share increased 10% and 
benefited from fewer shares outstanding compared to last year's fourth quarter. 
Let's turn now to slide 9, and I'll take you through the forecast on the client fund investment strategy in support of the 
overall ADP forecast that Carlos will take you through in a few moments. Before I get into the details of the forecast, 
I'll point out that the objectives of our investment strategy remain safety, liquidity, and diversification. Fully consistent 
with these objectives, we were again able to take advantage of the supply of new investment grade corporate fixed 
income securities in the fourth quarter and added more highly rated corporate bonds to our portfolio. At June 30th, 
approximately 84% of our fixed income portfolio was invested in AAA or AA rated securities. In addition, as has been 


the case over the recent past, the yield curve continued to present greater opportunities at the longer end of the maturity 
curve in both the extended and long portfolios and as such the duration of the portfolio increased slightly to 3.3 years at 
the end of the fourth quarter. We continue to base the interest assumptions in our forecast on fed funds future contracts 
and the forward yield curves for the 3.5 and 5-year U.S. government agencies as we do not believe it is possible to 
accurately predict future interest rates, the shape of the yield curve, or the new bond issuance behavior of corporations. 
I'll also remind you that up to 15% to 20% of the investments are subject to reinvestment risk each year. 

Focusing now on the slide, you see summary of the anticipated pre-tax earnings impact of the extended investment 
strategy, the client fund interest portfolio for fiscal 2013. We anticipate average client fund balances for fiscal 2013 in 
the range of $18.8 billion to $19.1 billion which represents 5% to 7% growth. We anticipate a yield on the client fund's 
portfolio of 2.2% to 2.3%, down 50 to 60 basis points from fiscal 2012. We anticipate a year-over-year decline in client 
fund interest of $65 million to $75 million, and as you can see at the lower right of the chart, in terms of the total 
pre-tax impact of the extended investment strategy, we anticipate a decline of $75 million to $85 million in fiscal 2013. 

Taking you back to our Analyst Conference the end of May, based on futures and forward curves at that time, under the 
zero, 5% and 10% balance growth scenarios provided, we expect that fiscal 2013 to be the largest year-over-year 
decline in client funds earnings out to fiscal 2017. Specifically, under the 5% balance growth scenario, we expect a 
$70-million to $80-million decline in fiscal 2013. Since the end of May, the 3.5 and 5-year agency forward curves have 
declined 30 to 40 basis points on average. Combining the impact of current lower expected rates with our balance 
growth expectations of 5% to 7%, we anticipate a year-over-year decline of $75 million to $85 million. So, slightly 
worse due to rates, offset a bit by our balance expectation that falls slightly above the 5% scenario presented in May. 
Contemplating the current lower forward curves and looking beyond fiscal 2013, we still expect fiscal 2013 to be the 
bottom of the cycle in terms of the size of the year-over-year decline. 

Now, I'll turn it back to Carlos to take you through the remainder of the forecast for fiscal 2013. 

Carlos A. Rodriguez 

We're now on slide 10. First, I'm going to take you through our fiscal 2013 forecast for total ADP, and then I'll give you 
some color around how to think about the impact on our year-over-year comparisons from foreign exchange rates and 
expected lower average yield on the client funds portfolio due to continued low market interest rates and the 
year-over-year comparisons from certain fiscal 2012 items. 

We anticipate total revenue growth of 5% to 7%. We anticipate a decline in the total ADP pre-tax margin of about 30 
basis points. We expect the effective tax rate will be about 30 basis points below fiscal 2012's effective rate of 34.5%. 
We anticipate 5% to 7% growth in diluted earnings per share compared with $2.74 in fiscal 2012, which excluded the 
gain on sale of assets in the second quarter of fiscal 2012. 

As is our normal practice, no further share buybacks are contemplated in the forecast beyond anticipated dilution 
related to employee equity comp plan. So, it is clearly our intent to continue to return excess cash to our shareholders, 
depending obviously on market conditions. 

While we don't provide quarterly guidance, I want to give you some insights into the fiscal 2013 year-over-year 
comparisons as they impact our total guidance. Let's turn to slide 11. We anticipate that foreign exchange rates will 
negatively impact revenues about 1 percentage point for the year, with nearly 2 percentage points' drag anticipated in 
the first quarter. As you know, movement in FX rate is not as impactful to pre-tax earnings. In addition, as Chris just 
took you through the forecast related to our client fund strategy, the interest revenue piece of this strategy is expected to 
decline $65 million to $75 million year-over-year. The negative impact from an expected lower average yield on the 
portfolio, due to continued low markets interest rates, is expected to be a full percentage point of the drag on ADP 
revenues, mitigated to a small degree by the anticipated growth in balances. 

Including the corporate extended interest income and interest expense related to the strategy, we expect a decline of 
$75 million to $85 million in pre-tax earnings. This translates to a drag of 90 basis points to 100 basis points on ADP's 


pre-tax margin. Due to anticipated revenue growth in fiscal 2013, the margin drag is just slightly worse than we 
experienced in fiscal 2012, even though it is a larger dollar impact on earnings. Taking it down to EPS, the $75-million 
to $85-million drag and the anticipated decline in pre-tax earnings equates to a drag of $0.10 to $0.11 in earnings per 
share. 

Now continuing to slide 12, I'll take you through the impact of fiscal 2012 acquisitions. While these acquisitions are 
forecasted to be earnings neutral in dollar terms, we continue to anticipate pressure on the pre-tax margin in fiscal 
2013. For the year, we expect about 20 basis points of negative impact. Most of the pressure is expected in the first 
half, about 40 basis points in the first quarter and 20 basis points in both the second and third quarters. 

Now moving to slide 13; lastly, certain fiscal 2012 items are expected to negatively impact the year-over-year 
comparisons. The sale of assets during the second quarter of fiscal 2012 and the end of certain employee tax credits 
within our Tax Credits Services business are expected to pressure revenue and earnings comparisons in the first half of 
fiscal 2013. We anticipate nearly half a percentage point negative impact on revenue growth for the year, with about 1 
percentage point negative impact in both the first and second quarters. We anticipate a negative impact on pre-tax 
margin related to the fiscal 2012 items of about 20 basis points for the year, with about 50 basis points' negative impact 
in the first quarter and 30 basis points' negative impact in the second quarter. This equates to $0.04 year-over-year 
decline in earnings per share for these items. So, to sum it all up for you, we anticipate that first quarter results will be 
below the low end of our full year forecast range. 

And, now, let's turn to slide 14 for the segment update. The impacts from the expected drag from recent acquisitions as 
well as the negative year-over-year comparisons from the fiscal 2012 second quarter sale of assets and the expiration of 
certain employment tax credits are reflected in the segment forecast. For Employer Services, we are forecasting 
revenue growth of 6% to 7% with pre-tax margin expansion of at least 50 basis points. We anticipate an increase in our 
pays per control metric in the U.S. of 2% to 3%. We are forecasting 13% to 15% revenue growth for PEO Services, 
with flat to slight pre-tax margin expansion. We are forecasting 8% to 10% growth in annual dollar value of ES and 
PEO worldwide new business sales from over $1.2 billion sold in 2012. And, for Dealer Services, we are forecasting 
7% to 9% revenue growth, with at least 50 basis points of pre-tax margin expansion. 

Turning to slide 15, I'd like to leave you with some closing remarks before we open it up to questions. Overall, I'm very 
pleased with our results for fiscal 2012. Our performance has been solid. We're providing our sales force and the 
market with highly innovative products, and Employer Services and PEO Services achieved full year new business 
sales that were above our expectations. Sales force productivity is very good, and we are well positioned in the 
marketplace entering fiscal 2013. Employer Services' retention is strong at 91%. Our pays per control metric is also 
very strong. Dealer Services is performing very well, and the automotive marketplace in North America continued to 
improve. 

We're keenly focused on our four strategic pillars for growth that we outlined at our Analyst Conference back in May. 
We're focused on delivering stellar service to our clients and creating an environment that fosters innovation, thereby 
positioning ADP as a leading global human capital management provider. ADP remains committed to 
shareholder-friendly actions and returning excess cash to shareholders. In fiscal 2012, cash dividends paid totaled $740 
million, and ADP bought back 14.6 million shares at a cost of nearly $750 million. 

We have a good step-off heading into fiscal 2013, though there are some reasons to be somewhat cautious. Market 
interest rates continue to be very low with little indication of rising near term. The economic landscape in the U.S. is 
mixed, and the economic backdrop in Europe is weak. But, I am pleased that ADP continues to be rated AAA by both 
Standard & Poor's and Moody's, reflecting the strength of our business model and of our balance sheet. I believe we're 
doing the right things to grow the business and to enhance long-term shareholder value. 

And, now, I'll turn it over to the operator to take your questions. 

Q&A 


Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Please be aware of the allotted time for questions. Please ask one question with a brief 
follow-up. We will take our first question from the line of David Togut with Evercore Partners. 

<Q - David Togut>: Good morning, Carlos and Chris. 

<A - Carlos A. Rodriguez>: Good morning, David. 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: Good morning. 

<Q - David Togut>: The sales growth in the fourth quarter was exceptional at 20%, and 13% for the year is about the 
strongest I can remember in quite a long time. Can you perhaps parse a little bit how much of this was due to, let's say, 
the comparison versus the fundamental performance of new business, share gains, et cetera? And, then provide some 
context as to why your sales growth target for 2013 would be substantially lower at 8% to 10% growth. 

<A - Carlos A. Rodriguez>: Sure. First, the 8% to 10% forecast is obviously for the year so – and I think you were 
asking about the strength in the fourth quarter so let me take that first. In terms of the strength in the fourth quarter, last 
year's fourth quarter had pretty good growth; I think it was 8%, so I don't think that it was necessarily an easy 
comparison. We did have strength – I think Chris mentioned it in his comments – across all of the major segments; 
everyone had double-digit growth. So, I think some of it is again related to the fact that our new products are getting 
better and better traction in the marketplace. We are winning a bit more in the marketplace and gained a little bit of 
share. So, I think that's positive as well. We also have the dynamic of our sales force being very motivated in the fourth 
quarter always by our sales incentives including our sales incentive trip which this year happens to be an international 
trip which is somewhat special and I think that had a particularly strong impact on people's finish. But, I think we feel 
very, very good about the momentum really across the board and I don't think it's related to an easy compare. 

In terms of our guidance at 8% to 10%, again, the right comparison is to the 13% finish for the year. I think we are, 
obviously, being cautious given some of the items that we mentioned that are happening here both in the U.S. and 
internationally. We do have our ES International business that is included in our overall sales results. We did 
experience some weakness there in the fourth quarter and we also are being careful about all the things that I'm sure all 
of you are very aware of like the fiscal cliff and other things that are impacting the U.S. economy. And, I should also 
mention that, included in our sales results, we had about 2 percentage points of help from acquisitions. So, the 
acquisitions that we made during the fiscal year, the sales from those acquisitions get counted in our total sales and 
total sales growth and that added about 2 percentage points. 

<Q - David Togut>: Just a quick follow-up; Carlos, can you provide a little bit more detail on the general availability 
of Vantage which I believe started either in June or July? What sort of client response have you had? And, can you give 
us any details on the number or total dollar value of sales? 

<A - Carlos A. Rodriguez>: We can give you a little bit. It's still in – for that business and given the sales cycle, I 
think it's still a bit early to be drawing any conclusions or trying to discern any patterns. But, I do have to say that we 
were very happy with the fourth quarter sales of Vantage in terms of the units. We exceeded our – the year's plan in 
terms of units which we're very happy to see but it's still very minimal in terms of sales dollars and revenue impact to 
ADP, both in terms of absolute dollar terms and even in terms of timing because, as you know, any of the businesses 
sold in national accounts including Vantage takes anywhere from 3 to 12 months to start. So, very little impact on our 
revenues going forward, but we are I think cautiously optimistic given the results that we saw in the fourth quarter. I 
think – the prior quarter, I don't think we could say anything because it was just too early. I think now the appropriate 
way of describing it is cautiously optimistic because we did have some quite good sales results on Vantage in the fourth 
quarter. 

<Q - David Togut>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 


Your next question comes from the line of Rod Bourgeois with Bernstein. 

<A - Carlos A. Rodriguez>: Good morning, Rod. 

<Q - Rod M. Bourgeois>: Yes, so – hi there. The press release was very helpful. You noted a number of one-time 
items that are effecting your growth rates and your margins. Just a point of clarification that would be helpful to 
understand the fiscal 2013 revenue growth guidance, how much of your fiscal 2013 revenue growth guidance is being 
helped by acquisitions? 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: It would be about 1 point, Rod. 

<Q - Rod M. Bourgeois>: Okay. And so – and those are acquisitions that were completed in fiscal 2012? 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: Yes, that's right. 

<Q - Rod M. Bourgeois>: Your guidance doesn't assume any acquisitions that might occur in fiscal 2013? 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: That's right. So, if you did that as comparison to 2012.... 

<Q - Rod M. Bourgeois>: Okay, great. 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: ...we got about 2 percentage points in 2012 from both the acquisitions in 2011 and then 
the acquisitions in 2012. 

<Q - Rod M. Bourgeois>: Okay, great. And then on the pricing front, this is obviously the time of the year where you 
roll out your new list prices. Can you give us an idea of what you're planning this year from a pricing standpoint in 
terms of the pricing growth? And, then can you also tell us the net impact that you expect on pricing after accounting 
for discounting activity as well? 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: Sure. And that's the way we generally give it is on a net basis and so the pricing that 
we've been doing for the last couple of years has been just about 1%, just under 1%, and we'll continue to go with that 
going into this year. Again, as you know, the trade-off there is to retention and so, if you go too high on the pricing, 
you can suffer in retention. And, we have been striking that balance nicely over the last couple of years and we'll 
continue that strategy going into this year given the fact that the economy is still where it is. 

<Q - Rod M. Bourgeois>: Okay. Well, with retention near record levels, does that give you added confidence on the 
pricing front? Or – it sounds like you're still treading lightly even though you've got retention at a record level. 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: I think you tread lightly because of the economy, the economic environment, and all of 
our clients are facing pressure. And, I think that's the right thing, the way to think about it going forward. And, I think 
if you violate that, you do run the risk of having that come back to you in retention. But, you're absolutely right, over 
the last couple of years I think we've struck that balance very nicely and, as a result, retention is at all-time high levels. 

<Q - Rod M. Bourgeois>: Okay, great. And, then the final point on that is, on the retention for fiscal 2013, are you 
feeling like you're keeping retention stuck in a pretty tight range at this point? Or, do you have some levers that you – 
in place that you think can allow you to take that to another level over time? 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: Well, I think there is a number of levels that we've gone through in the past that – levers 
that would help us move that forward; some of it is the mix of the business as well. Obviously, as we improve service 
levels, as the product becomes better, all of those things enable you to move up. I think at this point in the year you 
heard me say that we expect the retention to improve year-over-year. It's early in the year. We do have some 
indications that there will be some pressure in the first quarter but, even with that pressure, we expect it to be up for the 
year. So, at this point that's as much as I'd want to say in terms of how much I'd want to go up on retention but we do 
expect it to go up year-over-year this year. 

<A - Carlos A. Rodriguez>: And, just one comment on that, one of the levers that we are trying to.... 

<Q - Rod M. Bourgeois>: Excellent, thanks. 


<A - Carlos A. Rodriguez>: ...one of the levers that we are trying to pull is we've adopted over the last – actually 
couple of years we've been planning and preparing to adopt something that's called a Net Promoter Score approach to 
measuring client satisfaction and measuring feedback. And, again, hard to know exactly what impact this is going to 
have on client retention but our intention is to have that be a positive impact. And, the idea is to have a more proactive 
approach to getting feedback from clients and then reacting to that feedback in a more timely fashion. It's a longer 
discussion in terms of what's really involved with Net Promoter but it is an important initiative within our service 
organization that I think is an important lever for trying to drive future client retention. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of James Kissane with Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Jim Francis Kissane>: Carlos, just following up on retention, it declined in the fourth quarter after being up in 
the third quarter. I know you lost a large client or announced a large client loss during the second quarter. So – and I 
think you mentioned maybe a modest decline or slight decline in the first quarter you're thinking about. So, just maybe 
a little more color on retention because I think, Carlos, you said it was entirely due to the large client loss. 

<A - Carlos A. Rodriguez>: Yeah, we – that was for the year. In terms of for the quarter, again, we hate to – it's 
always – sometimes not productive to get into a lot of detail because there is a lot of noise and a lot of things that 
happen, and we don't like to make excuses. But, in the fourth quarter, we did have a number of clients in national 
accounts that actually got acquired and it turned out that those – that the acquirer of those companies kept the – or took 
the business on to their platform or their system, in some cases an ERP and in one case it was also a competitor. 

Obviously, sometimes that goes the other way; when a client that is ours acquires another company that isn't a client of 
ours, we end up winning that business by default as well, as a result of that consolidation. We, obviously, see that as an 
opportunity to go out and sell that new client that just acquired our client. But, then the fact is that in the fourth quarter 
we had it; it was specifically in national accounts, and we had a few losses related to consolidation among our own 
client base. And, as Chris mentioned in his comments, we know of a couple of others. We tend to get notifications from 
our national account clients with some advance notice, obviously, in terms of when they are going to come off of our 
platform, and we have a couple of additional consolidations, similar type of situation happening in the first quarter as 
well, which is why Chris made the comment. But, when you look underlying in our core businesses, excluding those – 
the noise, if you will, we're feeling pretty good about retention, although – again, it's at record levels and so you have to 
be careful about what your assumptions are about how much more you can push it. But, as an example, in our major 
accounts business, which is our – one of our core platforms, we have very, very good retention and it improved year 
over year. And, in SBS it's the same situation, which is our small business segment. So, we're feeling pretty good about 
retention overall. 

<Q - Jim Francis Kissane>: That's great. Thanks, Carlos. And, Chris, can you quantify the decline in pays per control 
in international? And, more generally, is AutoPay a good proxy for ADP's overall pays per control, running across all 
the different segments? 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: Yeah, I think AutoPay has been a good proxy. And, to the international, it's about less 
than half a point. 

<Q - Jim Francis Kissane>: Thanks, Chris. 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: But, obviously, it's something that we're keeping our eyes on and, when we think about 
fiscal year 2013, we don't expect that to improve internationally. 

<A - Carlos A. Rodriguez>: And, the exit – I think it's important to note that the half – the negative half – roughly 
negative half was for the year and that our exit rate right around there is going to be a slight tick higher than that. But, 
again, we're watching that very carefully and we'll make sure that we continue to communicate on that front. But, the 
exit rate was obviously worse than it was 12 months prior to that. 


<Q - Jim Francis Kissane>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Matt Diamond>: Good morning, guys. This is actually Matt Diamond, on for Bryan Keane. I'm curious about the 
pre-tax margins for fiscal year 2013. And, I – there is a lot of helpful description there about the impacts of acquisitions 
and the drags. But, the investment spend that's planned for 2013, could you give us some color on that? And, is there 
any one-time investment planned in nature for the upcoming year? 

<A - Carlos A. Rodriguez>: We have, I think, investments planned in our product development organization as well 
as some modest investments that I think we communicated in the May meeting around client migrations, platform 
migrations. But, again, I don't think that they are significant enough. For example, the investments in product 
development are really in line with our revenue growth and so we're there really trying to work harder on moving 
dollars that are being spent on legacy platforms to more newer, forward-looking innovative products. It's not about 
increasing the total dollar amount. 

So, I think the fair comment would be that there aren't any major things on that – in that category. There is a slight 
uptick in the first quarter in implementation expense as our very strong sales results, I think, require us to ramp up our 
capacity to be able to start all of that business because in small business obviously that business has already started, the 
ones that we reported as sold, but in national accounts and major accounts that business is yet to be started. And, when 
the backlog grows, you need to really expand your implementation capabilities. And that has some impact, I think, in 
the year and in particular in the first quarter. But, I think it's – I think our P&L is largely – other than the items that we 
disclosed, is largely business as usual. 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: I would also just add on margins, Bryan (sic) [Matt] that if you're looking at the ADP 
total margins being down 30 basis points next year, again, we mentioned the 20 basis points of acquisition so excluding 
the acquisition drag at the ADP level we would be up 10 – I'm sorry just down 10 basis points. And, then excluding the 
interest rate drag of 90 basis points to 100 basis points, we're driving great margins in the core business and that's with 
all the investments that we're contemplating in migrations and everything else that we naturally do. 

If you peel back on ES, it's the same story; we're predicting at least 50 basis points and that includes the drag from 
acquisitions at the ES level which is actually higher than the 20 basis points that you see at the total ADP level. So, as 
we look at it, we're feeling good about the margins that we're driving in the business, both in fiscal year 2012 and in 
2013. 

<Q - Matt Diamond>: Okay, great. And, just a more general question; your fiscal year 2014 – or 2013 guidance 
assumes – doesn't assume any change in the current economic environment. If the economic environment does change, 
what macro factors should we look at? And, how do you think they would impact the model if it's a longer change in 
decision cycles? Any color around that would be helpful. 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: One that you're going to see immediately would be on our sales because that impacts the 
propensity to buy and spend. So that would be the forerunner, just as it was when we went into this downturn; we 
started giving signals that our sales numbers were suffering. Pays per control is a little bit more of a rearview mirror 
and it also takes a while to funnel through because you've got some growth year-over-year built in. So that doesn't hit 
immediately. So, the thing to watch is our sales performance which we feel real good about right now so. 

<A - Carlos A. Rodriguez>: We also have – on the top-line, we do have assumptions around FX rates that even 
though it's not a lot of impact on the bottom-line, obviously depending on what happens with the euro, could impact 
our top-line. Obviously, we don't try to manage the business that way and that's why we give you transparency around 
FX rate. But, I – it's worth mentioning because that's been such a volatile number over the last three to six months. 

<Q - Matt Diamond>: Excellent. Thanks very much. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of David Grossman was Stifel, Nicolaus. 

<Q - David Grossman>: Thank you. Carlos, I was wondering if you could maybe just parse a little bit the commentary 
about the U.S. and, if possible, expand on how the fundamentals of the U.S. business trended during the quarter, 
particularly given the strength of the overall sales performance which seemed to remain relatively strong. 

<A - Carlos A. Rodriguez>: Sure. I think that – again, because of the nature of our business, it's a bit like turning an 
aircraft carrier so they – I'll just really probably build on last quarter's comments. So, we continue to see good strength 
in our small business segment so starting at the low end of the business. I think our strength and our momentum 
improved in our major accounts business, the middle market in the U.S. And, in national accounts, our momentum 
improved on the sales front but, again, because of the lag of how business starts and the cycles that business, I think, is 
still lagging in terms of its revenue momentum. 

So, we feel pretty good about all three of the major market segments, with probably the middle one – major accounts – 
showing the best improvement in momentum, if you will. But, frankly, we've felt pretty good over the last two or three 
quarters about where the businesses were. And, our one area of concern, as I know we've mentioned, is sales in the high 
end or the large companies in terms of decision-making being slow and cycle times being elongated and we cannot, in 
that business, say that one quarter is a trend so we're being very cautious. But, we are cautiously optimistic given the 
results we had in the fourth quarter. 

<Q - David Grossman>: And, is there any way to really distinguish between share gain versus just overall business 
momentum? 

<A - Carlos A. Rodriguez>: Yes. So, we do try to measure obviously what's happening with share. I think we 
mentioned that our client count grew 5%. We have some data around what's happening in terms of the growth of the 
market and the opportunity that we have to go after. And, we do believe that we've gained market share and the place 
where we've gained the most market share is in the small business segment, in the low end of the business that we have 
the highest net client count growth. 

<Q - David Grossman>: Okay, thanks for that. And, then just migrating quickly back to the technology platform and 
the acquisitions; you've gone through some fairly significant changes in your technology platform and continue to 
make changes. Can you give us a sense of how quickly you are able to take acquired products and integrate them? And, 
how that may, Carlos, translate into when you start seeing growth from some of these companies that you're acquiring 
on an organic basis? 

<A - Carlos A. Rodriguez>: It's a great question. I'll try to use real-life examples. So one of the companies that we 
acquired during 2012 was The RightThing, which was an RPO business. So that's a very different business from our 
core payroll, HR, and benefits administration platforms. And so that is a platform that really will be integrated with our 
product offering but there isn't a lot of consolidation necessary in terms of from a platform standpoint. A different 
example a couple of years ago is a company called Workscape that is in the benefits administration business that in fact 
does have a benefits administration platform that served a different segment of the market but still had some overlap 
with our own benefits administration platform. 

So, benefits administration is a place, as a result of that acquisition, where we are working hard on platform 
consolidation and making decisions around what our go-forward platform is and trying to invest all of our dollars in 
that platform whenever we can. So, I think it really – it varies based on the business unit and the product, but it's 
something that we spend a lot of time looking at. And, we're trying to take every precious dollar we have for R&D and 
put it on new, forward-looking innovative products and focusing on making sure that as we acquire companies that we 
don't allow proliferation of platforms to go on forever or indefinitely is a major priority for me. 

Operator 


As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, please be aware of the allotted time. Please ask one question, with a brief 
follow-up. Your next question comes from the line of Sara Gubins with Bank of America. 

<Q - Sara Rebecca Gubins>: Good morning. You mentioned particularly strong market share gain in small business. 
Do think you're taking share from other competitors? Or, is this migrating smaller companies that perhaps didn't use 
third-party services previously? 

<A - Carlos A. Rodriguez>: We think it's both. It's – we do have some data that we track in terms of win/loss ratios. 
And, I think we are making – gaining ground across the board. 

<Q - Sara Rebecca Gubins>: Okay. And, then separately on GlobalView, obviously you've talked about some 
pressure in Europe and internationally. Could you give us an update on how GlobalView is performing and if there is 
any change in your sense of timing on when it might break even? 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: Yeah, I think from a revenue standpoint, the growth in GlobalView has been very good. 
As we mentioned, the sales have been challenged partly because of the international environment. But, it hasn't 
changed our view of break-even. For the full year that's fiscal year 2014 but we do expect to start going positive on 
GlobalView in the second half of fiscal year 2013, which is consistent with what we've been saying for a while now. 

<Q - Sara Rebecca Gubins>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Gary Bisbee with Barclays. 

<Q - Theresa Chen>: Hi. This is Theresa Chen, on behalf of Gary. So, just a quick question about your float income. 
So, given that there's renewed speculation of QE3 being back on the table, another round of asset purchases by the fed, 
and obviously your guidance reflects what's happened to the market as a result of this and there doesn't seem to be an 
end in sight as rate hikes get pushed out year after year. So, for that 15% to 20% of your portfolio that does come off 
every year, what proportion of that are you ultimately comfortable putting into other high-quality non-governmental 
instruments? Or, are there any other options to alter your investment strategy currently? 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: Well, again I would reiterate that our investment strategy still is focused on the safety 
and the diversification of the portfolio. So, we are not one to go out, chasing yields on securities that have a lot of risk. 
And, I think the evidence of that has been the performance of the portfolio over the last few years. So that's first and 
foremost. We have done some things around extending the portfolio a little bit, as I mentioned in my comments, which 
is why the duration has gone up a little bit. We were getting paid to do that during fiscal year 2012. Interestingly, if 
you're following that has come down and it's flattened a little bit now so it's unlikely that that will be available, at least 
as it looks right now. And we have, as I mentioned, done a little bit more in high-quality corporates as well. So, we 
continue to do that – those kinds of things. But, again, it's with the safety of the funds in mind. 

<Q - Theresa Chen>: Okay, great, thanks. And, just changing tracks, so back on the migration process to these 
cloud-based platforms; you had mentioned that part of the reason was to free up expenses and up-sell additional 
services. So, net of the $15 million that it cost you to implement this process, what ultimate cost savings do you see 
after all three platforms are migrated? 

<A - Carlos A. Rodriguez>: That's a great question that we're spending a lot of time on. And, just to clarify, the $15 
million isn't necessarily to implement the processes; it's to start the process. And so, we believe that this is a process 
that is going to take – it's a multi-year endeavor. It's going to take longer in our large account platforms than it will in 
our small account platforms, but it will take multiple years across the board. It's also important to note that we've been 
doing this all along. So, this is really, again, back to some of the things that I said over the last couple of calls; there is 
really a change in emphasis in speed, rather than philosophy. So, we have been migrating clients, especially 
international accounts business and in major accounts during the last several years. And, my intention is just to 
accelerate that process. 


So, the $15 million is something that we put in place as, if you will, feed money to help some of the business units 
move forward and actually do some of this acceleration. But, the businesses have, in their run rates and in their 
business plans, additional expense for migrations. And, one of the things that we're trying to be disciplined about is 
then also trying to build into those business plans savings and improvements as a result of doing it because we, 
obviously, believe that we're doing this because we're going to get a more positive outcome than if we didn't. And so, 
we have to bake in some of those improvements over time. So, we don't have, I think, a lot of detail that we can give 
you or that we're willing to give or share at this point, but I think in the future, as we get closer to perhaps coming to 
closure on one or two of the large platform migrations, we might be able to give you some color of what the impact of 
those migrations will be on margins, sales, or revenue on a go-forward basis. 

<Q - Theresa Chen>: Okay. And, if I could just tack on, on the other side of the migration process, the up-selling of 
additional services, can you just give us an update on how that's going? I guess it's more pertinent to the RUN platform 
since you've made the most progress there. 

<A - Carlos A. Rodriguez>: It's actually pertinent to all of our programs and I'll give you, again, some real-world 
experience in – so, clearly, in RUN it helps in terms of our cross-sell. But, if you go into Workforce Now, which is our 
new major accounts platform, the attach rate for the additional products, if you will, in our bundle are much higher – 
meaningfully higher than they were when we were selling individual products. And so, for example, now someone 
instead of buying just payroll, they might buy payroll, HR, and benefits. Or, they might buy payroll, benefits, and time 
and attendance, rather than just an individual product. And so, we see meaningful increases in the attach rates of buying 
more than one module, if you will, as a result of the rollout of Workforce Now. Vantage account is the same. 

We have really under 20 clients sold in Vantage. So, again, it's hard to say that there is a trend or share data so I'm not 
going to give specific numbers but there it appears that the attach rates of multiple modules is much higher than the 
traditional sale that we had before when a client bought individual products. And, in Vantage and in national accounts, 
it is the same situation where people can buy payroll, HR, benefits, time and attendance, and other products either as a 
bundle or in the old days, à la carte. And, the bundle is providing greater cross-selling penetration. 

<Q - Theresa Chen>: Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jim Macdonald with First Analysis. 

<Q - James MacDonald>: Good morning, guys. Switching gears, can you talk about what the acquisition environment 
looks like and what your thoughts are on that going into fiscal 2013? 

<A - Carlos A. Rodriguez>: So, we're still very active. We continue to look at properties. On the other side of that 
coin, we feel pretty good about what we have in terms of our product portfolio today. So, we are being selective. I think 
the valuation environment, I think, it depends would be the best way to put it. Some of the cloud-based properties out 
there are still continuing to trade at fairly lofty multiples, but I think there's still opportunities out there as well for us to 
find acquisitions that hopefully complement our product set and help us move forward in terms of our ability to 
innovate. 

So, we're still actively looking. Again, there's no change in our philosophy, in our thinking, in our approach about being 
I think careful, selective and cautious, but also trying to continue to add to our product portfolio and hopefully also to 
our revenue base on a year-over-year basis. 

<Q - James MacDonald>: And, for my follow-up, just switching gears on the tax rate, I see you're forecasting another 
lower tax rate. But, at some point, if you switch your investment portfolio to more corporates, is that going to have 
some impact on tax rate? Or – can you talk about that, what's impacting the tax rate? 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: There shouldn't be any appreciable difference there. So, we've had a good record over 
the last number of years of reducing the effective tax rate across the organization. We're down – in 2007, we were at 


37.8%, and now our guidance is 34.2% for next year. So, we're seeing a steady decline in the effective tax rate. And, in 
addition, what I would point out is we've essentially closed all open years for IRS. They're currently looking at fiscal 
year 2011 which they've essentially signed off on, just haven't gotten the final close with no adjustments. So that's an 
indication of not having any open big items or very much of that. So, we feel good about that. 

<A - Carlos A. Rodriguez>: Just to be crystal clear, because the question may imply that we invest in municipals and 
we have very minimal investments in municipals, so the government instruments that we invest in are not municipal 
bonds. 

<Q - James MacDonald>: Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Foresi with Janney Montgomery. 

<Q - Joseph D. Foresi>: Hi. I was wondering if you guys could talk a little bit about Europe. How conservative do you 
think you've been there and maybe if you can give us any quantitative numbers around what your expectations are for 
next year? 

<A - Carlos A. Rodriguez>: Sure. I think that – again, starting with the most tangible one that we do measure fairly 
carefully and that has some trend in it, if you will, is the pays per control number. And as we mentioned that number is 
exiting at slightly worse than negative half a percent decline, if you will. That number was positive at the beginning of 
the year but only a slight positive and so what happened is, as we went through the recession back in 2009 and 2010 
and we had some decline in pays per control in Europe, it took a little longer for that decline to get better than it did in 
the U.S. It eventually did get better and got slightly positive and now it is slightly negative, returning in the other 
direction. 

The terms in pays per control in Europe tend to be much slower due to government policies around labor, et cetera, and 
so we don't think that that's something that will fall off of a cliff, at least not overnight and we'll have plenty of warning 
on. But, as with our other businesses, the most important metric in us thinking forward about what is going to happen in 
terms of revenue growth is really sales. And that is a number that is very, very hard to get a sense of based on the 
economic backdrop. So, we think we have a conservative sales plan that's achievable but it's also a plan that we are, 
hopefully, trying to push to get some minimal growth out of. So, I think we're just going to have to take it quarter by 
quarter and report to you what those sales results are because that really is the thing that has the biggest impact, other 
than obviously client retention which is as important. 

But, our client retention is holding up pretty well and we feel pretty good about that because people, as they hunker 
down, if sales begin to get more difficult, typically retention stays fairly good because it means clients are not moving 
or making changes. Even though some may experience economic hardships, in general retention, at least international 
and in Europe, tends to stay relatively good as we run into difficulties on the sales side so it's somewhat of an offset. 
So, bottom line is I think we – the trend is not positive, I think, overall. And, we're cautious and I think we're being 
conservative. But, we'll have to report to you, I think, on a regular basis on what's happening with sales in international. 

<Q - Joseph D. Foresi>: Okay. Just to be clear, are you expecting it to be down next year? And, is that built into the 
present guidance? 

<A - Carlos A. Rodriguez>: We don't really break out our sales guidance by business segment. 

<Q - Joseph D. Foresi>: Okay. That's fair. And, then my follow-up question; maybe you could give us some color 
around hiring expectations for the upcoming year. What increases are you expecting on the sales force? Have you made 
any changes in the compensation structure at all? And, how do this – the increases compare to prior years? 

<A - Carlos A. Rodriguez>: We are trying to do the same thing next year as we did this year, which is an outstanding 
accomplishment, which is to drive our sales growth with a combination of head count growth and productivity. This 
year we had about 6% head count growth and 7% productivity growth. This is probably one of the best years we've had 


in a long time. I think some of it is, obviously, attributable to our products helping, but we've also just had outstanding 
sales execution. So, we have a great sales organization, great sales leadership and they did a tremendous job in pushing 
not just growth, but also productivity this year. So, we have a little bit of the same planned for next year. 

I believe our head count growth for next year is around 4% to 5%, and our productivity growth would be in the same 
neighborhood to get you to the 8% to 10% guidance. And, our hope is obviously to continue to do that going forward as 
long as we can because it is quite helpful in terms of our – not only our growth rate, but also our P&L from an 
operating leverage standpoint. 

<Q - Joseph D. Foresi>: All right. And, on the sales compensation structure, any change? Sorry, just wanted to 
complete the question. 

<A - Carlos A. Rodriguez>: I don't think that we have – sorry, I didn't – I forgot that part of your question. We don't 
have any meaningful – I'm sure that there are – have been tweaks and there have been adjustments to our compensation 
policy. If you've heard something, let me know. But, I'm not aware of any major changes in policy. But, again, we're – 
we have 4,400 sales people, and I'm sure there have been some adjustments and some tweaks here and there. But, 
during the budget process, we didn't uncover any major changes. 

<Q - Joseph D. Foresi>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Jefferies. 

<Q>: [indiscernible] (63:57) for Jason. I was wondering if – I wanted to ask a question about the HP contract. Can you 
provide us with a rough sense of the size of that deal? And, also maybe a little bit of commentary on your pipeline and 
in terms of other real mega deals like that? Are there more you're working on, at what point are they in the sales cycle, 
et cetera? 

<A - Carlos A. Rodriguez>: We probably – we typically wouldn't talk about an individual new client and that client is 
one that I think is currently in implementation and will be in implementation for a while. So, maybe we can think about 
that one and give you more color after we've got them on board and everything is set. But, we're obviously very excited 
because of the global nature and the size of the opportunity. I think we have others like that that we've sold and started 
over the last three to five years and we have others like that in the pipeline. So, I don't think there's anything unique 
about HP. It's quite large, and it's many countries, but it's not unique. 

<Q>: Okay. Well, maybe as a follow-up on the implementation side, I think you indicated that it was going to start in 
2013 and continue for about five years. Presumably, you will be able to start recognizing some revenue on the deal 
before the end of the five years. On the cost side, how much of the implementation costs are you going to capitalize 
versus expense? And, on the expense portion, is it significant enough to move the needle on your overall corporate 
margins? 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: Yeah, I'd just say that we wouldn't get into the details of that, particularly on any one 
particular client. 

<Q>: All right, fair enough. Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of John T. Williams with UBS. Mr. Williams, your line is open. Your next 
question comes from the line of Mark Marcon with Robert W. Baird. 

<Q - Mark S. Marcon>: Good morning. 


<A - Carlos A. Rodriguez>: Good morning, Mark. 

<Q - Mark S. Marcon>: I was wondering if you could just discuss a little bit about what you're seeing in terms of the 
metrics in terms of client satisfaction and retention post migrating clients either to RUN or Workforce Now and what 
the implications are going forward. And, then a separate question; there's obviously a lot of changes that are occurring 
in HCM and particularly with regards to the ERP players. To what extent is that a big opportunity to potentially 
continue to gain share or accelerate the growth in nationals? 

<A - Carlos A. Rodriguez>: Okay. On the first part of the question I think, again, probably a little early to be able to 
give you I think substantive data in terms client – post-migrated clients versus pre. But, I'll give you a couple of 
indicators, if you will, leading indicators. So, we have in our small business segment only started the process of 
thinking about the migration to RUN and there what we've done is a couple of pilots. And, we've been, I think, 
pleasantly surprised by the willingness and openness of the clients to move because there was always – again, 
internally we have debates about how easy it's going to be and what the impacts are going to be of these migrations. 
And, so far, the results in the small business segment were encouraging in terms of our ability to engage the clients and 
get them to move. In other words, they seem excited and happy about the prospect of getting on to the new technology. 

In Workforce Now, in major accounts, we have been migrating clients for several years now, not just to Workforce 
Now, but to the predecessor platform which was called Pay eXpert. We probably have some data there and I can't, 
unfortunately, give you anything concrete. I don't know that I have a breakdown of client satisfaction pre or post, but 
we do have some client retention statistics that indicate again that it's a positive outcome for us; that we haven't had the 

– what some people call a doomsday scenario that as a result of the migrations or the transitions that clients end up 
leaving because they're either unhappy or they get put in play or whatnot. So that's clearly a risk that we worry about a 
lot and that we try to manage as part of the migration process. But, so far, the work that we have been doing in major 
accounts has been encouraging on that front. 
<Q - Mark S. Marcon>: Thank you. 

<A - Carlos A. Rodriguez>: You had a question about ERPs and HCMs; do you mind repeating it? 

<Q - Mark S. Marcon>: Yeah. So, basically within the human capital management space and just HR in general, there 
is obviously a lot of chatter around what's happening with the ERPs and then obviously workday coming out. So, it 
seems like a lot of HR departments at large organizations are thinking about what their strategy is going to be over the 
next three to five years. And, I was just wondering to what extent you view that as a significant positive opportunity. 

<A - Carlos A. Rodriguez>: We view it as a positive opportunity. When you look at statistics that our marketing and 
business development people look at, there are a lot of decisions that need to be made. But, as you've seen, some of 
those decisions keep getting delayed. And so, when they'll be made, we're not absolutely sure. But, the numbers would 
appear to show – again, no different than in our Dealer business, you can look at the average age of a car and you can 
predict how many cars are going to be bought in the future, know what the average age is of installed human capital 
management systems is in ERPs and others and what the likely activity is going to be on a go-forward basis. And that 
would give us some level of optimism that there's going to be a lot of opportunities that we would then have to win in 
order to really capitalize on it. But, I think that most industry analysts would tell you that we are on the positive side of 
that trend and of that market. 

<Q - Mark S. Marcon>: Great. And, then one last numbers question; just the impact with regards to the expiration of 
the employment tax credits that's all in the first half? 

<A - Christopher R. Reidy>: A big part of it is, yes. Specifically, it's the HIRE Act – HIRE tax credit which we've got 
a benefit of in the first half of this year and that goes away. So that's the biggest driver. 

<Q - Mark S. Marcon>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 


This concludes our question-and-answer portion for today. I am pleased to hand the program over to Carlos Rodriguez 
for closing remarks. 

Carlos A. Rodriguez 

All right, thank you. I'll just give you a couple of summary comments. We want to, first of all, obviously thank you for 
joining us today. As you could tell, we're very pleased with our fiscal year 2012 results. I believe the business is 
performing well. We mentioned that we believe we're gaining market share. We achieved our targets for the year, and I 
think we're very well positioned heading into 2013. So, I think we're doing the right things and we'll continue to do 
that. We will continue also our shareholder-friendly policies of our dividend as well as, based obviously on market 
timing, our share repurchase. And, we look forward to talking to you again next quarter. Thank you, again, for joining 
us. 

Christopher R. Reidy 

Thanks, everyone. 

Operator 

This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2012, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


