Q2 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• David Gennarelli, Director of Investor Relations 
• Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Mark Hawkins 
Other Participants 

• Steven Ashley 
• Philip Winslow 
• Brendan Barnicle 
• Heather Bellini 
• Brent Thill 
• Keith Weiss 
• Derek Bingham 
• Ross MacMillan 
• Sasa Zorovic 
• Steve Koenig 
• Blair Abernethy 
• Daniel Cummins 
• Michael Olson 
• Sterling Auty 
• Israel Hernandez 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2011 Autodesk, Incorporated Earnings 
Conference Call. My name is Regina and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] 

I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dave Gennarelli, Director of Investor Relations. You may proceed, 
sir. 

David Gennarelli, Director of Investor Relations 

Thanks, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss our second quarter of fiscal 
2011. With me today are Carl Bass, our Chief Executive Officer and Mark Hawkins, our Chief Financial Officer. 
Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at 
autodesk.com/investor. 

As noted in our press release, we have published our prepared remarks on our website in advance of this call. Those 
remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments, and we will not repeat them on this call. 

During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the 
future performance of the company, such as our guidance for the third quarter of fiscal 2011, remarks about fiscal 2011, 


our five-year financial targets, the factors we used to estimate our guidance, our future strategic transactions, business 
prospects, and financial results, our opportunities and strategies and trends for our products and trends in various 
geographies and industries. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently 
known to us, and that actual events or results could differ materially. 

Please refer to the documents we file from time to time with the SEC, specifically our Form 10-K for the fiscal year 
2010, our form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2010, and our periodic 8-K filings including the Form 8-K filed 
with today's press release and prepared remarks. Those documents contain and identify important risks and other 
factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements. 

Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If the call is replayed or reviewed after 
today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims 
any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today's call but will 
not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum. 

During the call, we will also discuss our non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared 
in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results is 
provided in today's press release, prepared remarks, and on our website. 

In addition, during the call, we will discuss our five-year non-GAAP operating margin target. Autodesk is not able to 
provide a five-year GAAP operating margin target or reconciliation at this time because of the difficulty of estimating 
certain items that are excluded from the non-GAAP measure that affect operating margin, such as charges related to 
stock-based compensation expense and amortization of acquisition-related intangibles. 

And now, I would like to turn the call over to Carl Bass. 

Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you. Good afternoon, everybody. We're pleased with our second quarter results, which benefited from better 
than expected revenue and excellent cost control. Year-over-year comparisons in the second quarter were strong in 
most categories. Highlights included strong revenue results of $473 million, 46% growth in revenue from commercial 
new licenses, significant operating margin improvement, increased EPS and strong cash flow from operations. 

Total revenue in the quarter exceeded our expectations and grew 14% year-over-year. It was nearly flat with the first 
quarter, which is a difficult comparison as the first quarter included a one-time benefit of approximately $15 million in 
upgrade revenue. 

For the first time in several quarters, we experienced year-over-year growth in all of our geographies. Both Asia Pacific 
and EMEA showed strong double-digit year-over-year growth. While we remain somewhat cautious regarding our 
outlook for EMEA, given the continued negative business headlines, the region performed quite well in the quarter. 

We were pleased to see growth return to the Americas, which posted year-over-year and sequential growth. One 
notable highlight in the Americas was our Government business. During the quarter, we signed a contract with the 
United States Air Force that has an initial value of approximately $5 million, most of which was recognized in the 
second quarter. We have the opportunity to significantly expand this relationship going forward, and this win illustrates 
the strong traction we are gaining with government agencies. 

Customers are more focused than ever on delivering better products. Our tools provide them the best means to do this 
with superior technology and the highest levels of interoperability in the industry. Because our solutions provide both 
innovation and high ROI, we are winning deals with companies of all sizes, often displacing incumbent products that 
sell for several times more than our solutions. 

One of our significant opportunities going forward is replacing legacy design systems with our more agile, modern and 
sophisticated products. As an example, a recent independent head-to-head comparison of Inventor versus SolidWorks 
found that Inventor rated higher on every one of the 15 categories analyzed. In fact, this probably wasn't a fair 


comparison. We should have compared Inventor to their higher-priced flagship product, CATIA, and again we would 
have won hands down. This isn't news to us or to our customers, but it's always nice to have third-party validation. We 
were particularly pleased that we sold over 10,000 seats of Inventor during the quarter, many in swap-outs of legacy 
products. 

Earlier this week, we revealed the results of a study that showed up to a 44% improvement to a designer's productivity 
by using AutoCAD 2011 rather than a version that's just a few years old. Again, that's real ROI for our customers. 

Those of you who attended or listened in to our Investor Day in June heard us talk in greater detail about delivering 
more product suites to the market, and this quarter we unveiled software suites for visual, factory and plant design. The 
new suites offer increased functionality, interoperability and a superior user experience. Each suite is available in 
several editions with each edition offering progressively broader and more sophisticated capabilities. 

Just last month, our Media and Entertainment Group announced a premium edition of our Entertainment Creation 
Suite, which includes our Softimage technology. This suite provides integration across application, enabling artists to 
explore creative ideas with advanced modeling and animation technology. During the quarter, we continued to add to 
our leading media and entertainment technologies with an acquisition of advanced lighting technology for the game 
development market. This transaction was immaterial to our financials, but it is representative of our M&A strategy to 
add valuable new features and functionality to our broad portfolio of market leading design solutions. As we move 
forward, we will continue to seek advanced design technologies that we believe our customers desire, while advancing 
our technology leadership. 

Our year-over-year increase in profitability was fueled by revenue growth as well as cost controls. We achieved better 
than expected revenue growth and margin expansion in the first half of this year and raised our full-year margin growth 
expectations again this quarter. We'll continue to update this guidance as the year progresses. 

Balancing cost control with essential investments in the business is a key element to achieving our five-year financial 
targets of 12 to 14% compounded annual revenue growth and non-GAAP operating margins of at least 30%. 

We are pleased with the strong results this quarter, and looking ahead we are optimistic about growing our business and 
increasing our profitability. Autodesk is better positioned than ever, and we're excited about the opportunities to expand 
our business and better serve our customers. 

Operator, we would now like to open the call up for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Gentlemen, your first question today comes from the line of Steve Ashley with Robert W. 
Baird. 

<Q - Steven Ashley>: Well, congratulations on the quarter. I guess I would just like to ask about the guidance for the 
third quarter on a sequential basis the midpoint is down a little bit, is that just conservatism or is there anything in – 
you'd mentioned some caution about Europe, is there anything in the macro economy that you're seeing that relates to 
that guidance? 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Well, Steve, first of all, this is Mark. Thank you for that note. In terms of the sequentials I think 
the first thing to say is it's not clear that the normal seasonality patterns are back yet. And I think I would call that out 
first and foremost. 

I think secondly you touched on this notion of uncertainty in the economy. We're all reading the same papers that all of 
you are reading. We continue to keep a certain level of prudence in that in terms of just thinking about the world as it 
is. But I think the biggest point is that seasonality is not yet where one would think about it. 


Again, if you look at our – between the range of our guidance, you're seeing growth year-on-year again. That's I think a 
real respectable range of growth, and I think we feel pretty good about it. The other point that I would say, as you look 
at our performance in Q2, you're seeing broad based year-on-year growth across geographies. This is the first time 
we've had a chance to talk about all three major geos growing year-on-year. You're also seeing it in some of our other 
major countries so that's it. 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And I'd add a slightly more cynical note, Steve, which is 
we don't give our guidance relative to consensus, and people have all kinds of reasons for putting all kinds of numbers 
out there, as you well know. And so this is really our best estimates of what we think our business will look like. 

<Q - Steven Ashley>: And just to clarify, on a – looking at linearity, you didn't see any change in the business through 
the end of July. Is that correct? 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No, we were – the business was strong throughout the 
quarter and certainly through July. And as much of August as we've already seen. 

<Q - Steven Ashley>: Perfect, thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Philip Winslow>: Hi guys, a good quarter. Just want to focus in on the verticals for a minute. Obviously 
manufacturing that line item was up nicely quarter-to-quarter. Just what are you seeing, Carl, between the just the AC 
vertical and manufacturing? And also, if you'd just comment on civil, that would be great. Thanks. 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, so I would say, generally speaking, this is how we've 
kind of described the recovery. Manufacturing has been more robust all through and Manufacturing continued, Media 
Entertainment behind. I think if you look at the headlines, construction has been the hardest hit part of the economy, 
and it's certainly reflective in the results. 

So I don't think there's anything out of the ordinary there. In some ways, I'm really pleased we were able to post the 
results we were with worldwide construction economy still under severe pressure. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Brendan Barnicle with Pacific Crest Securities. 

<Q - Brendan Barnicle>: Thanks so much, guys. I had two questions on margins. First, was there any explanation for 

– the cost of maintenance was higher than what we've seen historically. So I was wondering if there's anything 
exceptional that pushing that up this quarter? 
And then second, based on the guidance and the out-performance in margins for the first half of the year, it looks like 
you're expecting decelerating margins in the back of the year. And so, are there some additional investments or 
something you'll be doing in the back half of the year that we should be factoring in that's going to push those margins 
back down? Thanks. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Yes. I guess a couple things here, Brendan. First of all, on the gross margins, I don't think 
there's anything really specific to call out on the cost of maintenance. I think the broader picture on gross margins looks 
pretty good. We've – it reflects the fact we've made some continual operational improvements, some procurement 
improvements, just some efficiency improvements in a broader sense. So I don't think there's any major item to really 
be discussed there. 


Secondly, as for as half on half margins, you're absolutely correct. We are going to continue to make this balance 
between expanding our operating margin, which Carl called out. We continue to be committed to, year after year. And 
at the same time, making additional investments in revenue generating areas in the sales and marketing area. So that is 
certainly a priority, maybe a select technology here or there but generally in the sales and marketing area. 

<Q - Brendan Barnicle>: Great and just a quick follow-up, on deferred revenue. You noted in the press release that it 
saw it's – a sequential decline, which is typical seasonality. Can you just review for us that – how that seasonality 
pattern works around the maintenance piece? 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Well again, I'd go back to, seasonality is a little funny right now in the – in kind of the world 
that we live in. Here's the thing that catches my attention the most, Brendan. It's up 5% year-on-year, and the – when 
you think about the deferred revenue – our maintenance revenue is up, and our billings are up 6%. So I think, thinking 
about the year-on-year is probably a better sense of what's going on. We actually feel pretty good about it. 

To get under it a little bit, just to give you a little bit more insight, our renewal rates are up for the fourth quarter in a 
row, which really reflect the fact that people see the value of our subscriptions, that relationship, that ongoing 
opportunity to serve them, so I – that story, I think we're actually pretty pleased with. 

<Q - Brendan Barnicle>: Great. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Yeah. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with ISI Group. 

<Q - Heather Bellini>: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. Had a question for you, Mark, about the guidance. Last 
quarter, you were conservative on your views, certainly ended up having a great result. I was wondering if we should 
think you're using that same level of conservatism when you look out for the October quarter? 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: What I would say on that one is, Heather, is that, I think, you look back at Q2 and you think 
about all the uncertainty in Europe that was going on, and we saw it for what it was, and I think gave an appropriate 
level of prudence. We're actually pleased to be able to come back in and say we hit the high side of the performance 
because our revenue came in. And what's interesting about it, Heather, is it came in across a lot of different parts of the 
geo and rounded up to be a really nice performance as well, as Carl said good execution on the cost. 

I think you should take our guidance at face value. That's the guidance that we have, and it's our best comprehension of 
everything that's going on in the world, whether it's foreign exchange or our investments that we're making and such. 
And then, if you want to put English on it I think you need to do that, but that's our best view of the world. 

<Q - Heather Bellini>: Okay. Yeah, I just wanted to – because last quarter, it did seem like you called out in particular 
that you were being a little conservative because of the macro. Maybe I'm not remembering it right, but I'm 


<A - Mark Hawkins>: No, no, I think you are covering it right that we really looked at the world of Europe and being 
uncertain, and I think it's fair to say today, Heather, as well there's a level of uncertainty that's out there and we're trying 
to comprehend it all. But this is really kind of our best view of the world, and yet we're pleased to report, you can see 
the trajectory we're on in terms of the operating margin, et cetera. 

<Q - Heather Bellini>: [inaudible] 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Heather, I think if you went – Heather, I think if you 
went and looked back at the transcript you'd see a fair amount of our anxiety over Europe, saying – it was hard to 
measure its direct effect on our business, but just like now we're reading the same business headlines that you are, and 
we were concerned. And if you remember back exactly around three months ago, it was what looked like the beginning 
of what could have been bad. 


<Q - Heather Bellini>: Yeah. 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And so, we were factoring that in 


<A - Mark Hawkins>: Yeah. 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: – and we made it pretty clear at the time. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Yeah. 

<Q - Heather Bellini>: Great. Thanks, guys. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: You bet. 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with UBS. 

<Q - Brent Thill>: Thanks. Welcome back to growth in the Americas. I guess, Carl, if you could just give us a sense of 
where you think the business is in the Americas, have we finally turned the corner? And what changed this quarter, I 
guess, in terms of the behavior of the customers that you were talking to in the U.S.? Because I think we've had seven 
quarters of negative growth in that region? And I have a quick follow-up. 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think what you see is a steady improvement. I think as we 
all watch the recovery; it's not purely linear. It's full of fits and starts. I think you – going forward, the recovery's going 
to continue to be that. 

I think I tried to describe probably two quarters ago what I saw was a point of inflection, where people were trying to 
kind of guess where the bottom of this was, and at some point it looked like particularly businesses as opposed to Wall 
Street had gotten comfortable understanding that their business had been reset to new levels, and despite the – maybe 
their discomfort with that level of business, they still needed to make all kinds of investments going forward and they 
were going to do the best jobs they could running that business. 

I think this quarter is really an extrapolation from there that says people are continuing to make investments, and once 
again I think there is a pretty sizable disconnect between the people I talk to who are running businesses, and what you 
read on Wall Street. And people are continuing to make investments, and they realize that even in this economic 
environment there's plenty of opportunity. 

<Q - Brent Thill>: Okay. And just to follow up on Brendan's question, on the margins, I believe you did bring head 
count down during the downturn. I guess, in the first half of the year, can you just give us a sense of what happened 
with hiring, and your plans for the second half of the year, do you expand – plan to expand the hiring in the second 
half? 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Sure. Sure. You're absolutely right, Brent, that we did bring our head count down year-on-year 
fairly substantially. As we look at it from half to half, we do expect to see some hiring. And again, it'll be very pointed 
and focused in the area of revenue generation from that standpoint. That will be true. That is part of our plan. 

<Q - Brent Thill>: Great. Thanks. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: You bet. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. 


<Q - Keith Weiss>: Thank you, guys. Very nice quarter. I was wondering if I could expand upon the margin 
discussion. And if I'm looking at this correctly, saw about a 6% sequential decline in OpEx. Was there any specific 
programs that you put into place at the beginning of the quarter to bring down expenses, or could you give us a little bit 
more color sort of what drove that decline in expenses? I mean, was head count down similarly quarter-on-quarter? 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: I think it's really a combination of a lot of different things quarter-on-quarter, when you look at 

– from Q1 to Q2, Keith. One, keep in mind some seasonality, even small things that we don't think a lot about, like 
payroll seasonality, including things on fringe has an impact. There was also circumstances where we just drove 
operational efficiencies that were – from a variety of different natures. Keep in mind also there were just basic things, 
like we took a week of time – or a week of rest off and that had an implication as well. 
So there were a few things that it all kind of added up. But I would say it's important for you to know across our 
company, people are doing a really good job executing and really managing their cost, and that's another point I'd say. 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. One of the points we tried to make over the last year 
was that while we took out in one year about 300 to $310 million in costs, we thought those were the costs that were 
manageable in the short term. We were also looking at longer term more structural things to take cost out of the 
business. We couldn't execute them in time for what was needed during the downturn, but we're continuing to be 
vigilant about driving costs out of the business. And what you're really saying is we're reaping some of the benefits of 
all those efforts that were put into place a while ago. 

<Q - Keith Weiss>: Right, and if I could sneak in one more on the subscription business. It looks like your net new 
subscribers was one of the strongest net new subscriber numbers that I've seen in quite some time, yet billings was 
down sequentially, and we actually saw revenue decline sequentially in the maintenance business. Can you just help us 
make sense of all that of how you had such a strong net new billings number, you had such strong billings growth last 
quarter, yet revenues are declining sequentially? 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Sure. One of things to keep in mind, Keith, is when you look sequentially at the billings, keep 
in mind we had a simplified upgrade pricing program that happened in Q1, which was a cross-grade upgrade licensing 
side, but what happened is when people upgraded, they were – found it attractive to also get onto additional 
maintenance. So we had a nice maintenance billing opportunity there that was kind of a tag along if you will. 

So the sequential, again, I think it's a good dialogue where we're looking at things as year-on-year, when I can see my 
billings growing year-on-year, I can see my deferred revenue growing year-on-year, I can see my renewal rates up I 
like that dynamic. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Derek Bingham with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Derek Bingham>: Thank you, gentlemen. Question on maintenance renewal rates that you mentioned in the 
prepared remarks that they were up sequentially and year-over-year. I just wanted to ask if they are back to 
pre-downturn levels yet? 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: In fact, they are. And one of the things I like, Derek, that's going on when we implemented the 
simplified upgrade pricing, one of the more strategic aspects of this was that a long-term encouragement of people to 
have that relationship, to participate in that value proposition where we can deliver unspecified upgrades and all the 
other value-added that comes with that. So we think that this is just a good dynamic. They are up to that rate, and so 
we're pleased about that. 

<Q - Derek Bingham>: Is there headroom from here? From – do you expect that to keep creeping up? Or are we 
steady state now? 


<A - Mark Hawkins>: I don't want to give guidance on renewal rates, just even directionally. All I can say is that our 
value proposition for subscription is better and better, and we're focused on that, and we think our customers like it so 
we're going to keep driving it, but 


<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. I think the other opportunity is geographically. I 
think there's inconsistency across geographies, and so while I don't know what the actual limit is in a single geography, 
we're at a relatively steady state that's equivalent to pre-downturn, there are opportunities in geographies around the 
world. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Ross MacMillan with Jefferies. 

<Q - Ross MacMillan>: Thanks a lot, and a good quarter. Mark or Carl, you mentioned that you don't know if you're 
kind of back to normal seasonality for the business, and I was just curious as to when you think about normal 
seasonality for Q3, kind of what you think the normal seasonal pattern should be if you will? Because your business 
historically I think showed some years where it was up sequentially, some years when it was down and obviously we've 
gone through a turbulent two years. So I was just curious as to kind of how you think normal seasonality should look 
for the October quarter? 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So the first thing I'd say is I don't think we're back to 
normal seasonality, and the reason I would say that is generally speaking I think there are still enough catalytic events 
in the economy out there. You just look at the news on a given week. There's enough to send things into turmoil, and 
you're seeing that consistently. We've seen it for the last two years. I think there's a lot about that. 

I think some of the dynamics that do contribute to the normal seasonality are there. I still think Q4 will be our strongest 
quarter. The end of our fiscal year combined with the end of calendar year for most of our customers ends up meaning 
that will be true. So I think some of the things on which there's a really strong force acting will do it. 

I think in the places in these kind of quarters where over the years we'd up 1 and 2% or down 1 or 2%, I think the error 
bar there is actually too small to give a lot of indication what's going on, and I think there are other forces at work that 
when you look back over a longer time period weren't in place. 

<Q - Ross MacMillan>: Great. And then just one for Mark on the cost. Obviously a very good job on OpEx 
sequentially down, and you mentioned the furlough week or the one week off. Can you quantify that? Because I guess 
when we all look at guidance, it implies we're going to get back up to that 330, 330-ish run-rate on OpEx despite this 
big sequential decline in the July quarter. Could you maybe quantify the factor of the week of rest? 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Yeah, we don't actually quantify that. I mean you guys kind of see our macro head count. I 
mean people can kind of do some math on that, but we don't actually provide something that specific. But again, keep 
in mind, we tried to factor all that into our guidance as well. 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And just to remind people, we took it last year as well. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Yeah. 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So when you look at the year-over-year comparison 


<A - Mark Hawkins>: Yeah. 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: – there was actually more time off last year than there will 
be this year. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Yeah. And so – yeah. 

<Q - Ross MacMillan>: That's helpful. Thanks a lot, guys. 


<A - Mark Hawkins>: You bet. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Sasa Zorovic with Janney. 

<Q - Sasa Zorovic>: Thank you. So obviously you had a great quarter here, and I'm going to ask, couldn't it have been 
better than that? Obviously never being super pleased unfortunately, right? I'm just joking here. But look – and so 
putting that aside so look at your emerging economies, right? So you were showing actually in the past, emerging 
economies kind of growing faster than other regions. This time around it didn't happened. Is it an issue of maybe of a 
bounce back in these sort of developed economies? Or could you provide more color about that? 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, first of all, Sasa, I'm shocked, too. Not getting to 
kind of 45% operating margins this quarter is very disappointing. 

<Q - Sasa Zorovic>: Right, right. 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: When you look at the difference between the developed 
and the emerging countries, one of the things I've often pointed out is I wouldn't take one quarter's data point too 
strongly. Particularly what we've pointed out is the linearity or the consistency of our results in the developed 
economies are much more normalized. The emerging countries always have some amount of variability in it. And so, I 
would not extrapolate this. 

If anything, I would go back to what I think is the long-term trend in which I do think the emerging economies continue 
to grow kind of at twice the rate of developed economies. I don't think there's anything that we've seen that would differ 
there. I think there's things quarter-by-quarter you would see. But you want to look back over a longer period I think 
that would give you better accuracy. If you were looking forward, I would look for that same kind of pattern to emerge. 

<Q - Sasa Zorovic>: And then, if you look at those emerging economies, is there a specific segment where they're 
growing faster versus slower or is it basically pretty much across products, there are no difference among the 
geographies being Asia, Latin America, Russia, Eastern Europe? Is it all pretty much kind of even across the board? 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: What I'd say is over a reasonable period of time they're not 
that different. Quarter-by-quarter, there's high variability amongst them. What I'd say is the real difference that appears 
to be persistent is in most of the developed – developing economies, you see a greater tendency for build-out of things 
like infrastructure. You see more construction-related dollars being spent. Probably manufacturing comes second but 
not in all of those. A big difference there would be, manufacturing in China versus less so in Russia, more 
manufacturing in Brazil less so in the Middle East. 

So there's, the mix amongst the different emerging economies in terms of industries is highly variable. The overall 
growth rates are not that much, and I think partially it's a big available pool and a lot just has to do with the limiting 
rate of how fast we can scale our business to take advantage of the opportunity, more than being limited by the 
opportunity itself. 

<Q - Sasa Zorovic>: Got it. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Steve Koenig with Longbow Research. 

<Q - Steve Koenig>: Good afternoon. Just one question and one follow-up. Maybe I'll start with your – wondering 
about your guidance. It looks like the guidance is pretty appropriate at comprehending the uncertainty out there as you 
all have alluded to. And you've done that without trying of making any pronouncements on the macro situation, which 
is also appropriate. But I'm wondering what kind of economic assumptions are embedded in the range of your 


guidance? Is the entire range predicated on an economy that's kind of sequentially like it is today? Or is there some 
range of variability that you're guidance comprehends? 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think it comprehends some range variability but I think – 
it's kind of centered around the world being like it is now. Kind of ups and downs every day, geography by geography, 
industry by industry. Jobless claims go up here. You see a manufacturing index going down there. It really kind of 
contemplates the economy I think we're living in, which is fairly variable across geographies, across individual 
countries, across industries. I don't think it contemplates a catastrophic meltdown during – nor kind of a V-shaped 
recovery. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: And if I can just add to Carl's point all that plus the fact we don't anticipate any crazy 
movements in foreign exchange, all a normal range of bubbling around in complement to his points. 

<Q - Steve Koenig>: Okay. Great. Great. Thank you. Then one follow-up as well. You've given some helpful 
commentary on renewal rates and on billing patterns. Let me try to ask you to distill that for us. Does the sequential 
down tick in billings that we saw this quarter, driven primarily by the upgrade pricing last quarter. Does that suggest 
that maintenance revenue will decline next quarter sequentially? Or how should we think about the maintenance 
revenue trajectory? 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: So first of all, happy to kind of break that down for you. There's several moving parts when 
you go to maintenance revenue. First of all, we don't guide maintenance revenue per se, but I think the dynamics are 
actually very useful to talk about. 

One of the dynamics are what have been the billings, right? That's one aspect historically. One of the aspects is how 
much do renewal rates change going forward, right? The other aspect is even the mix of one-year versus three-year 
subscriptions. So these are some of the moving parts that you need to look at. And if you go back, Steve, these are 
some of moving parts we've been looking at over the whole year, and you can kind of see the dynamics. So you're just 
going to have to call the ball on those variables, but that's where I'd leave with it you. 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. And I think generally speaking, if you look at one 
quarter's billings 


<A - Mark Hawkins>: Yeah. 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: – it doesn't have a big enough effect on overall – on 
deferred revenue. You just – if you work the math, it doesn't work out to be – it doesn't move the needle enough. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Exactly. 

<Q - Steve Koenig>: Yeah. Okay. Great. Thanks so much for the help. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Absolutely. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Maybe. Maybe not. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Blair Abernethy with Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Blair Abernethy>: Thank you. Nice quarter, guys. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Thanks. 


<Q - Blair Abernethy>: Just a couple things here. Just, Mark, on the expense side again, outside of the week furlough, 
any other cost suppression or return of last year's cost suppression to speak of for this fiscal year? 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: For Q2 or going forward? 

<Q - Blair Abernethy>: Going forward. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Going forward, I think, again we like to think that a lot of the cost suppression we had to deal 
with in the past is largely behind us, and that's the reality of it. I mean, we've basically, I mean, we don't have plans for 
weeks of rest and that type of thing so I think it's largely behind us. 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And I think, if you look at just the overall OpEx picture 
there's lots of moving pieces 


<A - Mark Hawkins>: Yeah. Yeah. 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: – none of them really large to call out in any sizable way, 
but there are puts and takes in both directions, but I think generally speaking, Mark hit the nail right. We've gotten rid 
of – or we brought back most of the things that were cost suppressed. I mean you'll continue to see some investments 
that we believe we need to make in the future. And on the other hand, as you saw this time, we're starting to reap some 
of the long-term benefits from some of the things we put in place that were different than what we talked about as cost 
suppression. This was really cost elimination. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Yeah. 

<Q - Blair Abernethy>: Okay, great. And Carl just – I'm wondering if you can just provide some more color on 
traction of the suites that you have out there now, and sort of what your – what are your expectations for what they can 
contribute to you this year? 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, so I – a couple things about it. First thing is we've 
been selling suites for a number of years. We've had a fair amount of success, and I'm sure you know that but I just 
want to remind everyone listening that we have been selling suites, and we have been successful doing it. 

This is really kind of intensifying our effort around selling suites, and what we put out there this year is we have a 
handful of suites. We think it will contribute very modestly this year, and as we talked about at our Investor Day, I 
think, where you'll see the biggest bang is next year, as we launch the complete range of suites in that same spring 
timeframe. 

So far the reception to it has been great. It's immaterial financially, but this is a well-understood technique in the 
software industry. We're not really breaking any ground here. People understand it. We've done it ourselves. Other 
companies bigger than ourselves have profited from it. And so, I think we're just following that and I anticipate it to be 
successful, but I think most of the financial benefit will be seen next year and in the following years. 

<Q - Blair Abernethy>: Okay, great. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Dan Cummins with ThinkEquity. 

<Q - Daniel Cummins>: Thank you. I wanted to follow up on Carl's earlier comment about the potential to tweak 
geographically the maintenance incentives. Are there big relative differences by the major markets or by the major 
country markets? 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Yeah. 


<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, I mean, generally speaking, yes. The difference is – 
the biggest color I'd give it – give to you is that developed economies versus emerging economies is the biggest break, 
and we don't want to break down country by country, but if you just use that as the lens to look at it, and then kind of 
cast yourself to looking at it in countries like Brazil, India, China, where we're still fighting piracy problems and stuff. 
The idea of people signing up for multi-year maintenance contracts isn't part of the normal way of doing business. And 
in that kind of environment our – both our – certainly renewals rates, but even our attach rates are obviously going to 
be much lower. And I think what we have seen as markets mature as you see the institution of regimes that protect 
intellectual property, you start seeing greater buying patterns that lead to kinds of things like subscription. 

<Q - Daniel Cummins>: Okay, thanks. If I could ask one more, with respect to your comments about Inventor's 
high-end capabilities and potential traction, does that imply a bigger role for your direct sales organization, either 
sooner or later? 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, I think it does. I mean we were really quite pleased 
with how Inventor's doing. We – like I said, we've always been fully cognizant of its capabilities. We're glad to see 
some outside confirmation. We're seeing more market confirmation of it. We do think it is the best product out there. 
And so yeah, we expect there's a bunch more that we can do with Inventor. 

And the way – what we think distinguishes the products in many degrees is the way it's brought to market. So what 
distinguishes us from products that cost many times as much is not the functionality. In many ways, we've exceeded the 
capability of the older, high-cost products. What differs is the way we bring that to market, and one of the ways we 
remedy that is through more direct sales, more consulting services, some provided by us, some provided by our 
partners. But certainly for the large accounts a more direct relationship is what required for people to base their entire 
engineering process on our products. 

<Q - Daniel Cummins>: You're not ready to put a number on the type of investment though over the next say, one to 
two years on the direct sales? 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So first of all, no, I won't give you specific number, but if 
you look back it's one of the things we talked about. As a matter of fact, if you go back almost a year ago when we 
made cuts we said, even in those cuts, we were going to continue to make an investment. And all the allusions you hear 
about things closer to the market or sales and marketing, a lot of it is around things like direct sales and consulting to 
support those efforts. 

So we've already made a bunch of those investments. We're contemplating them in the second half of the year 
continuing it because we're seeing such success there. And so, whether it's what we're seeing in Manufacturing with 
direct sales people or for example we called out some of the work with governments that's done with direct sales 
people, we think it's a fruitful area for us. And the really nice thing for us is that we don't believe it to be a zero sum 
game. When we win with direct accounts not only do we do well, but our partners do well also. And when we grow in a 
big account, it's more business for our partners and generally it's coming at the expense of competitors. So we will 
continue to invest in it. All the guidance we're giving contemplates it. And we're happy with the progress we've made to 
date. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray. 

<Q - Michael Olson>: Thanks. Good afternoon. Just a quick one regarding excess capacity. As we speak to some of 
the resellers we're hearing from and them that they are seeing selective up ticks in hiring among some of the customers 
but not necessarily an up tick in new seats because still some people are being hired back sitting in a seat that already 
has a maintenance paying license. Is that the resellers just being frustrated with the pace of kind of rebound in new seat 
sales or is there any truth to that? Is there anything you guys have done to try to quantify how much slack might still be 
out there? 


<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So Mike thanks for the question. I mean, the first thing is, I 
mean, when I look at like new license sales of an increase of 46%, it's hard to go with the assumption behind the 
question. I've often said the resellers think there's some unique circuitous route that goes through you guys to deliver 
messages to us. A lot of times, I think, what you hear for having bought them off with a bottle of wine or a $100 check 
is not exactly what they're seeing in their business. The 46% sales increase in new licenses is the thing I'd be looking at, 
instead of kind of trying to track down the anecdotal information about how resellers – what they're seeing. 

So I think, in many ways, we're really pleased. We've often talked about the new license sales as probably one of the 
best indicators of the future health of the business. And if I was to look at this quarter in totality, it's one of the things 
that's most pleasing about it. So I'm overall really pleased with what we're seeing. 

In terms of the assumption, I've told you that I actually believe particularly as this downturn has continued for the most 
part what we saw was the people who didn't have people working didn't renew already. There was not enough financial 
incentive for someone to keep a seat on maintenance when they didn't have a person utilizing it. And I've asserted all 
along, I think, the data is beginning to support my point of view that there's more under capacity than over capacity, 
meaning, there are more people who have a pent-up demand for new seats than there are people there. 

Because two or three – once someone gets two or three years behind, as demonstrated in the productivity studies and 
the other stuff we've done, there's a real compelling reason to go out and get a new license, and I think we saw some 
evidence of that. I'd still be cautious on the flip side. It's one quarter. One quarter doesn't make a trend, but I think you 
should continue to look over a period of time at our new license growth. 

<Q - Michael Olson>: All right, understood. We'll let the numbers speak for themselves and chalk it up to reseller 
frustration but thanks very much. 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: You're welcome. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Yeah. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: Yeah, thanks. Hi, guys. Sorry about that before. Two questions. One, you got a lot of leverage 
out of the sales and marketing this quarter. Was that more on the sales or the marketing side? Was there perhaps maybe 
less spending on marketing programs or something specific in the quarter that helped generate a little bit of extra 
leverage in that line? 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: I think we got – honestly, Sterling, we got leverage across the board. We got leverage in sales 
and marketing, I mean really up and down the organization. And one of the things that Carl talked about it's kind of 
hard to underscore it enough is that we've been challenged to kind of structurally think about our company different, 
drive efficiencies not just episodically but continuing on a ongoing basis, and you are seeing some of those benefits. 

And so we absolutely did. Our sales team got some leverage; our marketing team got some leverage with things like 
global campaigns as opposed to not leveraging those marketing assets as effectively, like with local campaigns. There 
was a lot of areas, but it's a lot more broad-based than one particular area. Carl, any? 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No. The other thing, I – it wasn't a concerted effort to 
reduce cost. I think we were able to drive good business, good revenue growth, good new license growth while 
spending that amount of money. And so, I think kudos to the entire organization for being able to drive the business 
while at the same time being vigilant about cost control. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: We've been trying to – Sterling, last point. We've been just trying to walk this duality of 
making investments where we must and being productive where we can, and this is a continuation. 


<Q - Sterling Auty>: And then the follow-up question is if the maintenance renewal rates stay at or above what you 
just experienced in this quarter, given the number of seats under maintenance now having a nice pick-up, should we see 
the maintenance revenue bump up next quarter sequentially? 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, I would say generally speaking, that's the right thing 
to look at. We're not going to predict for quarter-by-quarter. I mean there's a – there are a number of variable, when you 
look at the average. You have the difference of product – you have product mix, you have geographic mix. There's a 
whole number of factors. And so getting into the specifics of predicting the one line item quarter-to-quarter is certainly 
beyond my calculating abilities. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: Got it. Thanks, guys. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Right. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Israel Hernandez with Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Israel Hernandez>: Hi, guys. Just a question around M&A. Pre-recession, Autodesk was known to do a number 
of tuck-in acquisitions. Now that we're, at least, your business seems to have put in a bottom and appears to be 
accelerating, can you just talk about – you've got your M&A strategy going forward, should we look to more of the 
same in terms of tuck-ins, and do you see an opportunity here to do some more industry consolidation, given some of 
the trends that you guys are seeing out there? 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, so I mean, first of all, even during the downturn we 
continued to do small tuck-in acquisitions. To be fair I think they got smaller. They were easier to tuck in, given the 
size of the ones we did. I think we've tended to be, even when you look at the small to mid-size acquisitions, a little 
more opportunistic really trying to fill out parts of our portfolio and I think we've been successful at doing that. 

We always will look, and we don't seem to bite all that often at – big industry transforming transactions. That's just not 
the history of what we do. We feel much more comfortable running the business. We think we can do that in a 
successful way. I won't rule out that it ever happens, but we don't spend a lot of time sitting around the table, trying to 
plan those kind of events. 

<Q - Israel Hernandez>: Great, thank you. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the question-and-answer portion of the call. I'd like to hand the call back over to 
management for closing remarks. 

David Gennarelli, Director of Investor Relations 

Thanks, operator. 

Just want to note our investor activity this quarter. We're going to be at the Citi Technology Conference on September 
8 in New York City, the BofA Merrill Conference in San Francisco on September 14, and the Deutsche Bank 
Technology Conference in San Francisco on September 15. And if you have any follow-up questions, you can reach 
me, Dave Gennarelli, at 415-507-6033. Thanks. 

Operator 


Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation, 
and you may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


