Q3 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• David Gennarelli, Director of Investor Relations 
• Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Mark Hawkins 
Other Participants 

• Brent Thill 
• Philip Winslow 
• Heather Bellini 
• Derek Bingham 
• Michael Olson 
• Steven Ashley 
• Kenneth Wong 
• Steve Koenig 
• Keith Weiss 
• Ross MacMillan 
• Israel Hernandez 
• Daniel Cummins 
• Sterling Auty 
• Richard Davis 
• Brendan Barnicle 
• Blair Abernethy 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2011 Autodesk Incorporated Earnings Conference 
Call. My name is Jennifer and I'll be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We 
will conduct the question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, 
this call is being recorded for replay purposes. 

I would now like to hand the call over to David Gennarelli, Director of Investor Relations. 

David Gennarelli, Director of Investor Relations 

Thanks, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss our third quarter of fiscal 2011. 
Joining me today are Carl Bass, our Chief Executive Officer, and Mark Hawkins, our Chief Financial Officer. Today's 
call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. 

As noted in our press release, we have published our prepared remarks on our website in advance of this call. Those 
remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments, and we will not repeat them on this call. During 
the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events, and the future 


performance of the company, such as our guidance for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011 and fiscal 2012, our five-year 
financial targets, factors we use to estimate our guidance, our future strategic transactions, business prospects, and 
financial results, our market opportunities and strategies and trends in sales initiatives for our products and trends in 
various geographies and industries. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment on factors currently 
known to us, and that actual events or results could differ materially. 

Please refer to the documents we file from time to time with the SEC, specifically our Form 10-K for fiscal year 2010, 
our Form 10-Q for the quarters ended April 30, 2010, and July 31, 2010 and our periodic Form 8-K filings, including 
the Form 8-K filed with today's press release and prepared remarks. Those documents contain and identify important 
risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking 
statements. 

Forward-looking statements made during today's call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed 
after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk 
disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today's call, 
but will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public 
forum. 

During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in 
accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results is 
provided in today's press release, prepared remarks, and on the Investor Relations section of our website. 

In addition, on the call, we will discuss our five-year non-GAAP operating margin targets. Autodesk is not able to 
provide a five-year GAAP operating margin target or reconciliation at this time, because of the difficulty of estimating 
certain items that are excluded from the non-GAAP measure that affect operating margin, such as charges related to 
stock-based compensation expense and amortization of acquisition-related intangibles. 

And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Carl Bass. 

Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, and good afternoon. We're pleased with our third quarter results, which reflect the progress we've achieved 
in a number of key categories. Year-over-year highlights included 14% growth in total net revenue, 33% growth in 
revenue from commercial new licenses, double-digit revenue growth in all of our geographies, revenue growth in all of 
our top countries, 23% non-GAAP EPS growth and strong growth in cash flow from operating activities. It's the first 
time in three years that all of our geographies recorded double-digit year-on-year growth and we were especially 
pleased to see the Americas return to this level of revenue growth. We continue to experience our strongest 
year-on-year growth rates from our international geographies with APAC leading the way. Growth in APAC was 
highlighted by strong performance of our model-based design products for both the AEC and manufacturing markets. 

Our manufacturing business experienced significant global growth. We continue to gain market share by winning new 
customers, deepening account penetration and displacing our competitors with our digital prototyping portfolio, 
including Autodesk Inventor at the core. Our products offer an outstanding and easily understood value proposition for 
customers, enabling them to bring better products to market thereby giving them a real competitive advantage in their 
markets. Accelerating progress in our largest addressable market has been very gratifying. 

In the AEC market, Building Information Modeling, or BIM, continues to be a business driver. The adoption of BIM is 
increasing, and we're seeing more and more instances in both the public and private sectors of BIM being mandated in 
the U.S. and abroad. Jurisdictions are learning that permitting and sustainability requirements are much more easily 
generated in a BIM process. Government agencies are discovering that they can have more successful projects and 
better return for their ongoing investment in infrastructure. 

This year, we have been increasing our focus on major accounts, and we're seeing those efforts bear fruit. We had good 
quarter-over-quarter growth in our direct business. In fact, we recently signed the second-largest transaction in 


Autodesk history with a global engineering company. This new multi-year transaction significantly deepens and 
broadens our presence at this company. This type of transaction represents exactly what we are trying to accomplish 
with major accounts, as we outlined at our Investor Day back in June. 

Autodesk has the world's broadest and deepest offering of design and engineering software, and we continually strive 
to enhance this portfolio. For example, this past quarter, we launched the AutoCAD for the Mac. AutoCAD is one of 
the most widely used publications for professional design and engineering, and now it's available for customers that 
choose to work natively on the Mac. What's equally exciting to me is our launch of AutoCAD WS, which is a mobile 
application enabling AutoCAD users to edit and share AutoCAD files on their mobile devices and tablets. 

With over half a million downloads in the first five weeks of its release, this truly brings our software into the field and 
to the factory floor. We also launched new SketchBook products for professional designers and updated our widely 
popular SketchBook mobile applications. The SketchBook mobile apps have been lauded with industry accolades, and 
downloaded more than two million times. The mobile market is very interesting, and we're putting more effort behind 
opportunities we see in the mobile market for both professional users and consumers. 

Turning towards our outlook for the fourth quarter, I think it's important to look back a year when the economic picture 
was less clear than it is today. The exercise of forecasting our growth for FY '11 was difficult, as most global 
economies had not started to recover yet. As such, we started FY '11 with much more modest assumptions for revenue 
growth and margin expansion. As we near the end of our fiscal year, it's clear that, through a combination of strong 
revenue growth and continued cost controls, we have generated significant operating leverage. We now anticipate our 
FY '11 non-GAAP operating margin improving by 430 to 460 basis points, compared to last year, this is well beyond 
our initial forecast of a 200 to 300 basis point improvement, and a great start to our five-year target to increase margins 
to at least 30%. 

In line with typical seasonality, we expect revenue in the fourth quarter to be our strongest of the year. We expect our 
revenue for the full year to increase 12 to 13%, which significantly exceeds our initial targets. Another indication of our 
business strength is that we anticipate total billings for the entire year to grow significantly faster than revenue. As a 
result, we expect our annual performance-related variable expenses, such as sales commissions, commission 
accelerators and employee bonuses to be higher than originally anticipated. As we reward our employees for strong FY 
'11 results. This will result in increased operating expenses in the fourth quarter. However, these expense levels are 
non-recurring, and these incentive plans will reset as usual in FY '12. Controlling cost remains a focus area, and we 
continue to look for ways to improve our cost structure and efficiencies. 

We also felt it would be helpful to share with you our initial thoughts about FY '12. We are modeling revenue growth 
of approximately 10%, and non-GAAP operating margin improvement of approximately 200 basis points 
year-over-year. Our business is having a nice rebound off of the bottom of the recession this year, but there are real and 
potential economic uncertainties and headwinds to keep us cautious when forecasting more than a year in advance. Our 
recent performance, coupled with our revenue outlook for FY '12, reinforces our confidence in achieving our long-term 
five-year target of growing revenue by 12% to 14% compounded annually. 

Overall, we are pleased with the results this quarter, and look forward to growing our revenue and profitability going 
forward. We remain highly confident in our market position, our product portfolio is the most compelling it has ever 
been, and we remain well-positioned to expand our business and better serve our customers. 

Operator, we would now like to open the call up for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Brent Thill with UBS. 


<Q - Brent Thill>: Thanks. Carl, just on the revenue improvement, what confidence do you have that this is a 
permanent improvement and that you're seeing ongoing success here and that this isn't just a temporary snap back? Is 
there anything that you can point to that to help us continue to believe the long-term trajectory of this improvement? 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think the thing that gives me the most confidence Brent is 
kind of the broadness of the improvement. We saw it across all the geographies. We saw it across all the market sectors 
and in the places where we would have expected it. So, as we've talked about for many quarters now manufacturing has 
led the way. Construction has been the slowest to come out of the rebound. That's reflected in our results. So, I think 
probably two things that give me the most confidence, one is just the breadth of the recovery and I – coupled with that 
we've probably learned better how to deal with this environment, which is one of the things I said going into this. Every 
company becomes more resourceful, better optimized to go attack the opportunities that are present, whatever the 
current market conditions are. So, we've probably learned a bunch about what we're doing, as well as I think we're still 
going through that slow and steady rebound. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: And maybe just to complement Carl's points here, Brent. Really not only are the three geos 
growing, they're growing double-digit. And it's the first time in three years that we said all the geos are growing, and 
they're going double-digit to reinforce Carl's point on breadth. The other thing I might share with you is we track a 
series of top countries. Every single country, the top countries that we track, is growing year-on-year in this period, so I 
think it adds to this breadth point that was being made. 

<Q - Brent Thill>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: You bet. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed. 

<Q - Philip Winslow>: Hi, guys. Good quarter. Just in terms of your outlook when you're thinking about next year. 
Carl, you mentioned the manufacturing coming out stronger than the construction vertical. When y'all are thinking 
about that 10% growth next year, would you actually be thinking about it by vertical segment? How would you sort of 
expect commercial construction versus manufacturing just sort out as we kind of come out of recession here? Thanks. 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So, the first thing I'd say is, a little bit sharing next year, I 
think we really just wanted to share our thoughts. I mean, a lot of people have been speculating. So, we just wanted to 
give you our best idea as we were going through all of our planning activities. Right now as I think about the 10%, it 
kind of contemplates the environment we're in. I'm not imagining a worldwide rebound in construction. And so right 
now all our forecasts are kind of taking in the relative strength and weakness of our end-user markets. And so I don't 
see it very different. Should one of those markets like construction start improving more dramatically, that would be 
fantastic. We're not anticipating that as part of our planning. 

<Q - Philip Winslow>: Got it. Then also could you just comment from a geographic perspective, along those terms too 
of that 10% that U.S. versus international, and then I'll go back in the queue. Thanks. 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, sure. Look, the growth by geography has been 
relatively stable. Asia-Pacific leads the way. It's the fastest growing region in the world. EMEA has been strong and 
steady and is our biggest region and in some ways the most pleasing this time was to see the improvement in the 
Americas, which went into the dip first and was slower coming out of it. So, I'm kind of thrilled to see that. The other 
way to kind of slice and dice the geos is by just looking at the emerging markets. And in the countries that Mark talked 
about, that we really monitor closely there's a combination of developed and emerging economies, and the emerging 
economies continue to do really well. So, I expect those kind of patterns to continue. As it has historically been true, 
our developed countries are more stable. Quarter-by-quarter revenue is a little bit more volatile in the emerging 
economies, so I don't count on that quarter-by-quarter, but over the period of a year it tends to even itself out. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini, with ISI Group. Please proceed. 

<Q - Heather Bellini>: Hi, great, thank you. I was wondering if you could share with us how we should think about 
growth and maintenance revenue as we look out to fiscal '12. You had a good rebound in maintenance over the past 
couple of quarters, and then from April we're now flat kind of with what you reported in April, the April '10 quarter. 
So, I just was wondering if you could add some color there, and then I was also wondering if you could share with us 
what else you could do. You mentioned you're going to still be focused on the cost line and being more efficient. What 
else is left that you guys could do to ensure that you do that? Thank you. 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure, Heather. Let me just give you a little bit of an 
overview and maybe Mark can give you some more details on the maintenance. I mean, overall the first thing I'd say 
about maintenance probably two things, one is it's following the usual seasonality. So, it's not much different. We've 
always had big quarters in maintenance in the fourth quarter. It's long-standing, it has a little bit to do with the end of 
fiscal year for our customers, as well as when we've introduced and retired products. And so because it's on an annual 
contract, we continue with strong seasonality in Q4 and that's one trend that I expect to continue. Other than that, I'm 
pleased with what we're seeing in 


<Q - Heather Bellini>: Carl, anything about the renewal rates specifically that you've noticed especially versus last 
year? 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well 


<A - Mark Hawkins>: I can certainly speak to that. I think the renewal rates has been an encouraging point there from 
that standpoint. We've seen really the renewal rates are now back to a zone that was totally pre-recession. 

<Q - Heather Bellini>: Great. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: So, we're actually happy to see that. And that gives you a little color on that, Heather. 

<Q - Heather Bellini>: Yeah. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: And also, in terms of the efficiencies, there's a lot of opportunities that we constantly look at. I 
hope we never approach you without looking at efficiencies. We look at things as basic as looking at our channel 
partner framework and continue to evolve that in a way that's efficient across the organization. We look at things that 
are just general process improvements, procurement improvements, information and systems improvements. There's a 
variety of things that are operational opportunities over a long, long period of time. No 


<Q - Heather Bellini>: So there's still room to go, I guess, is what I was trying to see if you were 


<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I would say there's room to go in it. And the way I look at 
it is, as company's evolve and as companies grow, the most important thing in making sure you keep your costs in 
control is you stop doing the old stuff and you do the new stuff that's appropriate. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Yeah. 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And so, that's why it tends to be across-the-board and you 
can get rid of the old stuff and move to the new stuff that you can tune. 

<Q - Heather Bellini>: Great. Thank you, guys. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Derek Bingham with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed. 


<Q - Derek Bingham>: Hey, gentlemen. Thanks for taking my question. Question is on expenses in the quarter, and 
just curious, I mean, you had some nice upside to your revenue targets. Not as much on the EPS and just a little more 
granularity on your third quarter spending specifically how that ended up relative to what your spending plans were 
going into the quarter? 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: I think what you see is just if you look at it from both Q3 and our forecast for Q4. Revenue 
exceeded our plan by quite a bunch and that the extra expense you're seeing is really tied to employee compensation 
whether in the form of commission and accelerators or just the overall bonus plan for employees, which are all 
programmatic things. 

<Q - Derek Bingham>: And has it already started to show up in the third quarter? 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. They start showing up in the third quarter. We 
accrue for some items during the course of the year, some we book just totally in the fourth quarter. So, and as I kind of 
said in the prepared remarks, one of the things that you'll start to see as you go to next year is those plans reset. And so 
those expenses could come out of the run rate for next year. 

<Q - Derek Bingham>: Kind of just a follow-up on the emerging economies, I mean, is anything changing on the 
margin in terms of your ability to capitalize on the activity there? Probably, mostly speaking to piracy, and how you're 
pricing those products there? 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I mean, I think we – it's a non-stop evolution of what we do 
in the countries. I mean, there are a number of places where different countries' willingness to enforce intellectual 
property protection rises and wanes, depending on how the economy is, and so that changes over time, as well as our 
own activities change over time. A number of countries we've taken pricing actions that have resulted in slightly more 
revenue and a lot more seats, and we continue to move that around to try to find the best mix of what's going on and 
that continues to change. But it is a much more dynamic environment that what we see, and I think it attributes for 
some of the volatility that I talked about before of the emerging economies relative to the developed ones. 

<Q - Derek Bingham>: All right. Thanks, Carl. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed. 

<Q - Michael Olson>: All right. Thanks. Good afternoon. Couple of quick ones here. Based on information from the 
new segment classifications that you talked about, it looks like revenue from suites was about 22% of the overall. Can 
you just talk about the long-term goals for suite-based revenue? I guess what percent of customer base could 
realistically be on suites in a couple of years and will you incentivize customers to move in that direction? 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, so, I mean, I'm pleased with where we are with suites. 
They haven't been completely launched. We kind of outlined in June for you what we were doing with suites, and the 
real full launch comes next spring. So, I'm really pleased where we are to-date. The best guesstimate I could give you at 
this point is that over a period of time, think about it as a three to five-year timeframe, I think the vast majority of our 
customers will buy through suites. I think they'll be the primary way our customers get our products. And I think if you 
look at others in our space or similarly related technical software, office productivity software, people like Adobe, 
Microsoft, you can see the same kind of characteristic there. And so I expect that to be the major way, and if you look 
at the offerings, you can see that customers are incentivized to go there. They're a great value for our customers. 
They're good for our channel partners to sell, and so I think this is a win all around. 

<Q - Michael Olson>: Ok, cool. And then I guess on the manufacturing side. Who do you think you're gaining share 
against most, and is your digital prototyping putting you into closer competition with ANSYS going forward. 


<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So I think the company that we're, that we compete with 
most is Dassault, and I think we're doing really well against Dassault. Dassault seems to have a growth strategy by 
obfuscation. They're trying to grow by obfuscating financial results, and they're not really growing. And they're kind of 
losing in the market, so I think that's the place where we're really doing the best. But I think if you look at it and I 
talked about this for a while in the long run. Gravity is kind of on our side in the market. I think we had better products 
at better prices and a more compelling value to customers generally, and it's certainly taken a while for us to get that 
message in the market, but we're seeing great success with it and we're going to continue it. And I think in some ways 
it's kind of our singular focus on helping customers build better products is really working where I think others are a 
little more scattered. I think ANSYS continues to be a great company. They're doing really well. In many ways, we're 
much more complementary than we are competitive with ANSYS. I think as many companies in this space are on the 
margin. Do we have some offerings to compete against them? Absolutely. As simulation is part of digital prototyping, 
but I see us as being less competitive and really serving different parts of the market. 

Operator 

Our question comes from the line of Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed. 

<Q - Steven Ashley>: Thank you. I would just like to drill down on manufacturing, up a very strong 30%. Was there 
anything in terms of pricing or promotions or changing your message or anything you did on your end to really 
accelerate that growth? 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No I – we have not really, there are a couple of things that 
we've done slowly. So, there was no dramatic change this quarter. As we've looked at our other investments over the 
last couple of years, we've invested much of our direct sales force investment has been targeted manufacturing. A 
slightly disproportionate amount of our R&D has gone into manufacturing. We think it is the biggest addressable 
market for us. We think we're also incredibly well-positioned, compared to kind of the legacy providers. It kind of fits 
into the wheelhouse of what we do, which is provide better functionality, much better value against older entrenched 
competitors. So, I think it's – I give us credit more for sticking with the same strategy even through the downturn and in 
some ways increasing our investment on it, more so than any particular thing we do this quarter. So, I'm really pleased. 
It's really gratifying to see the results and even as you drill-down into more details about it, almost every aspect of it 
and all the products that are part of the product portfolio and manufacturing did really well, and it did well across 
geographies. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Yeah. That's what I was going to say. It did really nicely across the geographies. 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: But, I think it's more consistency of execution than any 
really new thing we did this quarter. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Yeah. 

<Q - Steven Ashley>: And then, at your Analyst Day you were kind enough to break your business out for us by 
customer size, and then in your prepared remarks today you talked about really stepping up your direct effort. I'm 
wondering if you were seeing any kind of bifurcation or performance between your enterprise business and your SMB 
business? Thanks. 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So not a lot of divergence. The one thing I would say that's 
always worth keeping in mind, just as I pointed out, a little bit more volatility in emerging markets versus developed 
economies. I would say the same thing about the large accounts, as we've often talked about the linearity of our 
business that really comes from the large volume of transactions we do. That continues to be relatively stable. I think 
the direct business is a little bit more volatile, quarter-by-quarter in terms of the number of deals we bring in because 
many of them are multi-year deals or have a recovering revenue aspect to it. It doesn't affect the results that much. But 
the actual billings quarter-by-quarter or the winning of the deals is a little bit more volatile. But I didn't see any real 
strong difference in performance. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Walter Pritchard with Citigroup. Please proceed. 

<Q - Kenneth Wong>: Hey, guys this is Ken Wong for Walter Pritchard. Carl you mentioned that one big deal earlier, 
is there any other color you can provide in terms of big deal activity versus last year, last quarter and perhaps what the 
pipeline for big deals look like? 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. So, we don't try to break it out, quarter-by-quarter. 
And in fact, that deal that I talked about had no influence on the revenue for this quarter, almost no influence on the 
revenue for this quarter. Right now what I see is a pretty strong pipeline of large deals. It's a combination of our focus 
on it and our increasing investment over the last year-and-a-half has allowed us to do that. Some of it's coming in the 
government sector, where we will see some good results in government and we've talked about those the last couple 
quarters, and a lot of it's in private sector. And the thing that I guess has surprised me as well, the large manufacturing 
deals haven't surprised me given the rebound there. What has surprised me is the number of these large deals have 
come in the AEC space. So, despite the fact that the smaller and medium-sized business in AEC have been hard hit by 
the recession, we've continued to do large deals. So, I'm very optimistic about what we're doing, and the thing that we 
believed and is turning out to be true is that it's very synergistic with our channel business. This is not a zero sum game 
that as our major account business has done well, our channel business has continued to grow. And they really work 
hand-in-hand rather than against each other. 

<Q - Kenneth Wong>: Great. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Steve Koenig with Longbow Research. Please proceed. 

<Q - Steve Koenig>: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just the first question and I'll do a quick follow-up. I'd 
like to revisit your long-term CAGR 12% to 14% over the next five years. Can you remind me what is this based on? Is 
it a top-down approach? Is it a bottom-up approach? Any assumptions about market growth or share? And how do you 
square that against your 10% growth guidance for next year? 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Well, a couple of things you see that I'll call out and Carl I'm sure will add in, but in terms of 
the long-term, we do both a bottoms-up and a tops-down. We spent time with our organization and really harness a lot 
of insight across the organization to come up with a detailed plan. And we also try to integrate that with everything 
we're seeing from a tops-down standpoint. So, the answer to that is in fact, both. The other thing that I would say to you 
is one thing we tried to call out at the IR Day is the fact that this is not like a perfectly linear equation in terms of 
exactly when we expect to fully fulfill that and that was something that was envisioned from the very beginning, 
whereby people who'd like perfect quarterly linearity, it never quite works that way. So, I guess the bottom line is, it's 
certainly grounded in a detailed plan, with an overlay tops-down and Carl, I don't know if you have any other adds to 
that? 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I would agree with Mark that it's not going to be consistent. 
I would also say we kind of gave you the caveats that we saw on forecasting that goes out 13, 14 months. Look we do 
our best job we possibly can to give you the insights that we have and try to share them with you, to try to understand 
our thinking about what we see in the future. In some ways I'm gratified to say that our keen insights of 12 months ago 
weren't so correct. 

<Q - Steve Koenig>: Yeah, right. 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: If you had asked us 12 months ago, we would have been 
much more pessimistic then in where we were anticipating ending the year. So, we try to do the best job we can. But 
just as an example, you understand the difficulty in doing this forecasting. I for the life of me couldn't possibly tell you 
what the euro is going to be next year. I would have thought I knew two months ago where, which direction it was 


going, and I would have thought something different two weeks ago and I think something different a week ago. So, 
when you sum up all those things, it's hard to have a perfect picture of the future, and we try to in some ways just do 
the best job we can in sharing our insights at the time that we give them to you and try to adjust as we go forward. 

<Q - Steve Koenig>: Okay. That's great. And then one follow-up would be, another one about the forecast, which I'm 
sure you'll appreciate. It is on your margins, what are the prospects for driving margin upside next year? What things 
could drive that and your internal plans, your comp plans assume your 10% growth as a baseline. 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, so I think – the easiest thing that will drive upside as 
you saw this year is revenue growth in excess of the 10%. I mean, that's the easiest way for us always to drive it. As we 
highlighted, during the opening comments and Mark talked about, we're continuing to focus on cost. I think there's a 
number of things that we can do on the cost side, that could add, but if you were to weigh them, we get much more 
leverage on what we can do with revenue than what we can do with cost alone. And anyone who's followed this 
business for a while, sees the difference of what we're able to do with revenue upside versus revenue downside or just 
pure cost control. So, that's the biggest upside I'd see next year. I think the opportunities are that we've either forecasted 
too conservatively or that some of the things that we're anticipating kind of extrapolating the current trends for 
example, around construction, change more quickly and for the better. So, if you saw an improving worldwide 
construction spend, you would see much better results and much better operating margins. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed. 

<Q - Keith Weiss>: Excellent. Thank you, guys. I was – I want to ask you more of a big picture question. And really, 
why did you guys decide to change sort of the product categories now? Anything in – you kind of sort of – is it a 
change in your product marketing or any particular catalyst that led you to change the focus towards suites and flagship 
products and new engagement? 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So I think there were a couple of things going on. The first 
one was really just to be consistent with how we think about the business internally. In some ways, some of the 
categorization that we'd used before had evolved. It was a historical thing that evolved over time, and as any framework 
does, you continue to kind of try to shove stuff into it until at a certain point, it makes no sense. And so for example, 
one of the things we had is we had some of our products that are clearly 3D products, not categorized as such, and it 
made no sense to talk about it that way. And truthfully, we didn't internally think about it that way. So, it was trying to 
get those two things in sync as much as possible. Second thing is, with such an emphasis on suites and you see what a 
big contributor to revenue it currently is, and our anticipation how quickly it will grow, we felt like we needed to bring 
a focus on that and we've really evolved the internal organization and our internal measuring systems to look at those 
kind of things. Maybe Mark has some 


<A - Mark Hawkins>: No, I think that's exactly right. I mean, I see that at the same point, we looked at it and just tried 
to really reflect the way we're thinking about the business in the future. And I think as Carl called out, and when you 
look at like the IR Day, Keith, and you were there basically we talked so much about suites in that opportunity we 
thought this would be a great way to look at it, so it just reinforces that. 

<Q - Keith Weiss>: And if I could sneak one last in. I just wanted to ask you about growth in the subscriber base. 2.8 
million by my count that's up like 26% year-on-year. What's driving then that strong growth in the subscriber base, and 
at the same time, billings growth, I think you guys remarked, was up 11%. Why is that there that variance between the 
billings growth, and the subscriber growth there? 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: I think, first of all, I think you're getting the right stats. I think the 11% billing is up. We're 
really pleased about it. We like the growth. There's always a little bit of a difference, just mix to some degree, but there 
is no big headline around there from our standpoint. 


<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. I mean, I think you just have to when you go through 
this, and it changes quarter-by-quarter. It's geographic mix, it's product mix. I mean, broadly speaking, we've seen 
greater adoption of the program worldwide, and that's kind of what's driving it. I think what you're seeing short-term is 
people coming back into the subscription program. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Ross MacMillan with Jefferies. Please proceed. 

<Q - Ross MacMillan>: Thanks for taking my questions. One for Mark, and then one for Carl. Mark, as we look into 
next year, can you just remind us of what other – I understand what you're saying about resetting the plan for comp, 
and so forth. But what other costs are going to flow into next year that maybe don't exist this year, such as any kind of 
standard merit raises or anything else that you'll re-implement next year? Thanks. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Ross, first of all, you're absolutely right, we reset the plan each year. Our variable comp plan 
based on performance standards, you hit that one right on the head, that's an important one. Where we try to reward the 
employees, but obviously we always set the bar based on next year's goals. 

In terms of other costs, there are some things that are happening, we're from a, without getting into too much detail on 
how we're going to look at our wages or anything like that, that you referred to. But I would say everything we're doing 
is comprehended within the guidance. I think that's the big point, and there's a lot of little pluses and minus, but that's 
the overarching thing that I think is important to call out. 

<Q - Ross MacMillan>: Okay, that's great. And then Carl, just, it's maybe a bit technical, but I'll ask it anyway. One of 
your competitors is talking about bringing together parametric and direct modeling as a kind of innovation around 
mechanical CAD. I noticed on your labs, you actually have a similar product, I think, called Inventor Fusion. I'm just 
trying to understand how big a deal this is? Is it a big innovation or can you maybe frame that for us. How important 
this is? Thanks. 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. So, this is mostly in the manufacturing market and 
we do have Fusion, which is a great product. And so we've kind of led the way here, and as often happens when you 
innovate in a competitive market, people follow you. So, we have a bunch of our competitors trying to do the same 
stuff. We feel really confident about the technology we do, that we have. I think the important thing is with any kind of 
modeling system there are certain things that are really easy to do, and parametric modeling has stood the test of time. 
There were certain things where direct modeling is better. What we really did in Fusion was get this hybrid in which 
you can get the best of both, and that the user ops seamlessly together. 

And I think some of the innovation is in each of the individual systems, but I think what we've done particularly well is 
the combination of the two. So, do I think it's a big deal in that I think a lot of companies will offer something like that? 
Obviously, that's not. I think our implementation's better. I think we've been in a leadership position with it, and I think 
what gets interesting in markets as you look at them over time is that innovation is coming from the volume provider. 
We're the ones doing the innovating, as opposed to people who used to like to segment this market as high end and 
mid-market, or whatever euphemism they like to use. The innovation is coming from the volume provider, and I think 
that's just the nature of software and about returns going to the volume provider. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Israel Hernandez with Barclays Capital. Please proceed. 

<Q - Israel Hernandez>: Hey, good afternoon, everyone and congrats on the quarter. Carl just a question around BIM, 
which you referred to in your remarks. Can you talk about what that opportunity could entail here over the next 12 to 
24 months? Is this something that all your customers are eventually going to migrate to, and that could be pretty 
significant catalyst for Revit, and maybe just talk about and frame the opportunity there because it looks like 



<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, I'm happy to do so. BIM is a big deal. Like many 
technologies in this business, there are overnight successes that take 5 or 10 years to develop and BIM is not very 
different than that. We've been developing it, trumpeting it for a long time. Our customers have become aware of it, 
certainly the most progressive customers have all adopted it. It's an enormous opportunity, and I think the vast majority 
of buildings and infrastructure will be built using Building Information Modeling. 

What it really allows people to do is get better control of their projects, in terms of cost and schedule, and it opens up 
the biggest opportunity that we see in the AC market, which is really the construction. The vast majority of the money 
spent in the AC market is spent during construction. And there's always been a fair amount of disconnect about what 
happens in the design part versus what happens in the build. 

Through a combination of what's going on in the industry, plus this introduction of a new technology, we're beginning 
to bridge the gap or bridge that discontinuity between designing and building. And so I think it's enormous in terms of 
allowing people to deliver better projects, but I think it's also because it opens up a new part of the market to us, in 
which truthfully, our presence there was relatively small. And overall use of technology has been relatively small. 

<Q - Israel Hernandez>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Dan Cummins with Autodesk. Please proceed. 

<Q - Daniel Cummins>: Thanks. Yes, that's ThinkEquity. [Laughter] Okay – actually I'll start 


<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I just found out you're on our payroll. [Laughter] This is a 
whole new twist for us all. 

<Q - Daniel Cummins>: [Laughter] I'm going to start with a follow-up soft ball. I finally get to ask a question about 
the BIMWorld acquisition, which I guess I got too excited about. But the Seek database, that looks very interesting. It 
says on your web site you've got 37,000 products there, and participation by 1,000 manufacturers. I guess, following 
metrics related to the use of that asset, I think that would be interesting if you have any color on that. And then just 
specifically on the fourth quarter, given that you've said that the sales and marketing expense, and the comp expenses 
will be up. I thought your overall FY 2011 improvement range was a bit better than you published last quarter. So, does 
that specifically mean that the other non-comp stuff you're running below your prior internal projections? 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, so why don't we do this? Let me, I'll let Mark answer 
the second question first, and then I'll jump into BIMWorld. 

<Q - Daniel Cummins>: Okay. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: So, Dan, even though you're not on the Autodesk payroll here we – all joking aside. Yeah, as 
far as the comp expense based on the fact that we've overperformed for the year and we're rewarding the employees. 
You're absolutely right in picking up the fact that last time we talked, we said 400 to 450 basis points as improvement 
for the year was our anticipation, and this year – this period when we talk about the full year. We're talking about 430 
to 460 basis points. So, I think you picked up the right point that we comprehended a lot of different things in there, in 
addition to the rewards for our employees, although we continue to make improvement in other areas as well. So, 
net-net, that total math is the math that you were kind of picking up. 

<Q - Daniel Cummins>: Okay. 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. On what we're doing with products in terms of BIM, 
I think it's really interesting when you look at building products. So, much of what's built today comes from 
manufactured product. And we've always wanted to try and make this connection and allow our customers access 
through the products they're really going to build with. So, we're happy with the traction we have to-date, happy with 


the idea of 37,000 products. The only thing I kind of put out there is there are tens of thousands if not hundreds of 
thousands of building products when you look around the world. 

So, I think we've made a great start. Certainly we're going at it. It's trying to find the ones that are the most important, 
most frequently used, have the greatest impact in terms of the costing of a project. And so I think we've done a good 
job, I think this will open up new business opportunities, and at the very least, it serves a much-felt pain point for our 
design and engineering customers, who need access to those products during the design process. And we'll give you 
more updates as the business proceeds, and we figure out more about how to monetize this going forward. 

<Q - Daniel Cummins>: And its use spans both your manufacturing franchise and your AEC franchise, correct? 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It's more around AEC right now. It's this interesting thing 
in almost all the products in there that are made by manufacturers. The end customer is generally in the construction of 
buildings. 

<Q - Daniel Cummins>: Okay. 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So it's this interesting thing in which two of our mostly 
distinct businesses come together. We serve the business, the building product manufacturer is the person putting their 
products up there. The consumer of that information would be architects, engineers, and designers. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: Yeah, thanks. Hi, guys. I was just wondering, prior to the recession, the move to 3D was a key 
driver to why customers were buying new seats. With the change in the revenue, and the focus on suites, should we 
now think about post-recession that the main driver is going to be purchase of product and suites as a core driver? 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: So the way to think about it is, at the heart of all of the suites are 3D products. So, I think, 
rather than thinking of this as a shift left or a change in direction, it's more of an evolution, so that if you were to look at 
the building design suite or the product design suite at the heart of one would be Revit. At the heart of the other would 
be Inventor. What we recognized is customers' design problems are broader than that of what's served by a single 
product, and that's why we're combining the products into a single offering that allows them to complete these 
workflows. But if you think about the flagship products, the flagship products are really at the heart of all the suites, 
whether it's in building or manufacturing or entertainment. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: Okay. And then the follow-up would be, Carl, you made the comment about not – no one can 
predict the exchange rates, so I guess my question is when you talk about 10% revenue growth for 2012, should we just 
basically assume that that's based on the current level of exchange rates, and then volatility from here would have, 
would ever impact, depending on the direction? 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Sterling, this is Mark. I think first of all – I think one of the things we predicate our long-term 
model on, and certainly, even our guidance for FY '12 on is, we take a view that where exchange rates are, we take a 
view that certainly a year ahead, we look at some of our exchange hedging programs and that type of thing. But we're 
not going to get into too much detail. 

The most important point to mention to you is if things were dramatically different, it's the same way with the 
economy, if it's dramatically different to Carl's point, we would have to revisit that. That's the main message that we 
would send to people, both for '12 and beyond. 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, but any – in a pretty broad range 


<A - Mark Hawkins>: Yeah. 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: – we've contemplated, like I said, given our uncertainty 



<A - Mark Hawkins>: Yeah. 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: – we've contemplated it going considerably lower and 
considerably higher. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Exactly. Yeah. 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It would have to be very unusual, but it's out there and we, 
last I checked, we're not currency traders. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: I agree. Agree. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Richard Davis with Canaccord Adams. Please proceed. 

<Q - Richard Davis>: Hey, thanks very much. I think you're right that you closed the gap on functionality. So, the 
question that I have is. Is the end market i.e., the customers and I guess secondarily your product line, is it to the point 
where you can use your rendering visualization tools as a competitive weapon, in other words, say look not only do we 
have some cool parts of the core CAD business, but we also have some visualization rendering. Is that at a point where 
that makes the decision easier for the buyers? 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So, I would broaden it slightly Richard, to say I think 
you're on the right track, I think we've exceeded – this is particularly in the manufacturing. 

<Q - Richard Davis>: Right. 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We've exceeded the capability of our competitors, and the 
performance of the competitors in terms of the core products. What we've invested in over the last few years had been 
technologies like visualization. We focused on conceptual design. We focused on things like analysis and simulation 
and that was the small overlap I was talking about before. But we recognize that our customers work is often broader 
than what's done with the single tool and that leads us to two things. Having broadened our portfolio to encompass the 
scope of work that they actually do, and then packaging those offerings together in a suite to make it convenient and 
valuable for them to buy. So, I would think your general thesis is right, but I would make sure that, depending on the 
user. For example, the visualization capability may be important. For a different customer the conceptual design 
capability might be important. For another it'll be the simulation and analysis. And each one has a slightly different mix 
of those kind of peripheral products that are important to them. 

<Q - Richard Davis>: Got it. And then follow-up, can we finally, put to bed the zombie seat fear so when we talk to 
people that may've laid off people in the recession. When they hire people back they don't give them two-year-old 
software, two-year-old computers. Is that correspond with what you've seen as well, in other words, if your customers 
re-hire they buy new product from you guys? 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I'm not sure I have to put it to bed since I never woke it up. 
I think I have been quite clear on my viewpoint about it all through the last two years. And so while there were 
certainly challenges over the last two years, I'm not sure that's the one that kept me up at night. And so I can put myself 
to sleep peacefully. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Brendan Barnicle with Pacific Crest. 

<Q - Brendan Barnicle>: Thanks so much. Carl, in your comments and you had some press release said about it in the 
quarter about the movement to Mac. Can we quantify that at all? I mean, what does that do to the TAM, and the 


opportunity given the number of design folks who use that? 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: You know what I'd love to know the answer to that 
question. So, let me give you a little and speculate. I mean, the really hard thing for us to know is what. There's a huge, 
one thing is there is a huge demand amongst our customers for products that run natively on the Mac. That much we 
know. What we can tell, and we're trying to gauge in the first few months in which there's been good success with it, is 
how much of that is just moving things from the PC to the Mac versus winning share from people who offer their 
products on the Mac or the Mac alone. And that's the part that's not clear yet. There is no doubt we're making customers 
much happier by offering our products on a broader range, and I think we'll be able to update you a little bit more as we 
go forward, and understanding, yes, we're making customers happy, but is it merely cannibalization of PC sales? 

<Q - Brendan Barnicle>: Do you have any numbers on that Mac only opportunity? 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No, we're not going to break out, but I will tell you that in 
many of our professions and certainly, in the sub disciplines, there is a huge number of people who use Macs. And just 
to give you two examples, one is in the architecture community. It's been a long desired product requirement to run on 
the Macs. The other one that's equally true is in things like industrial design. So, that conceptual design part of the 
process I was talking about in the answer to Richard's question, same thing going on there. Huge usage of Apple 
products. 

I think the other interesting thing and maybe as equally interesting to just running on the Mac is the thing that we've 
done around the mobile devices. Much of our mobile activity at this point has been focused on iPhones and iPads, but 
as just a specific instance of smartphones and tablets that will be coming and we'll have a greater support for Android 
going further. But this idea of taking design and engineering information and bringing it to the field is a really 
important one. And I think while the – just the presence on the Mac is already included in our contemplation of the 
TAM, I think moving it to the field to mobility applications. Whether this is on the tarmac, in the factory floor or on the 
construction site, actually increases the TAM. So, I'm as excited about that, although must say we got a note from Steve 
Jobs, who is pleased to see that it was on the Mac, and so if Steve thinks it's a good idea, I think it's a good idea. 

<Q - Brendan Barnicle>: Enough said on that one, I guess. Mark, when we look back historically, when you go Q4 to 
Q1, the licensing numbers, typically we have a little bit of a sequential decline though we haven't in this most recent 
year. Any guidance you could give us around seasonality? I mean, should we be expecting that to take some seasonal 
dips in normal periods or not? 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: I don't know that I would give you guidance on licensing per say at that level of detail. I 
probably wouldn't go that level of detail at this stage. 

<Q - Brendan Barnicle>: Well, seasonally, what has it been? Because as I look back, it's been all over the map over 
the last few years? 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: I think that's part of the issue is that it's hard to look when you look at this. I think the bigger 
broader thing is to think about the revenue in aggregate. You also heard that we said we're going to have a strong 
billings in Q4. Our maintenance billings are going to be up and that's a very seasonable pattern that's predictive here. 
So, maybe think the total revenue, think of the billings for subscriptions maybe that'll give you a hint. 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. There are probably two things that complicate or 
kind of camouflage the pattern. One has been product offerings, product introductions or new product offerings. And 
the second along with it have been the promotions that have sometimes accompanied them. And they kind of made the 
statistics haywire, but as I often say, if you look at our business over a little bit longer period of time, it kind of 
averages out, but doing it quarter-to-quarter is a little too specific without knowing the individual events that 
cannibalized each of those numbers. 

Operator 


Our next question comes from the line of Blair Abernethy with Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed. 

<Q - Blair Abernethy>: Thank you. Just quickly, Carl, just a follow-up on BIM once more. Can you give us a sense in 
your AEC vertical now, how much of your new license revenue there is been driven by – what you could classify as a 
BIM related sales? 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I don't have an exact number for you, but it is increasing. 
And I would – so you can see it, you can look directly at things like Revit seats or Revit suites. You'll be able to see it 
there. But I would also say what I'm seeing increasing are the use of other products in a BIM context. So, things like 
Navisworks are much more meaningful in that context. And so while the product was introduced to help solve some of 
the problems of the non-BIM world, it is much more valuable to our customers in a BIM world. So, you're starting to 
see other products, whether it's our QTO product or Navisworks or Buzzsaw and Constructware being increasingly 
used in BIM environments. And like I said, I mean, one of the things to remember is BIM is a technology, but it's been 
accompanied by changes in the actual end user market in the way companies are going about building and financing 
projects. And the way teams of people who come together for these projects are contractually relating to each other. So, 
I think this is a nice synergy between a technology change along with an industry change. And in some ways it's being 
catalyzed by the need to get more efficient because of the downturn. So, if there's any every silver lining in the AEC 
market or construction market at large it's that people are no longer willing to or able to live where traditionally there's 
been 20% to 30% of the projects being inefficiency. 

<Q - Blair Abernethy>: That's great. That's very helpful, thanks. And just one quick one cause you haven't mentioned 
it today is the media and entertainment vertical for you sort of the growth there has lagged your other segments this 
year. How are you feeling about that business? 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So, we continue and one of the things that depresses the 
appearance of our M&E numbers is that we've had a long stated goal of increasing our software component in that 
business, while ramping down our hardware. And so we don't break it out for you, but there is always this big 
headwind. So, the software business is doing quite well. What you don't get to see is the drag created by the reduction 
in hardware sales. It's somewhere reflected. I mean, you could back into some of it by looking at the COGS, some of 
the improvement you see in COGS, and because we're selling less and less hardware every quarter. But I'm very happy 
with the progress in the group, and the movement – the transition to software, and our competitive position is good 
there, and how our products are used. It's used in many of the most important media and entertainment projects. So, I'm 
happy with that. But there is a financial implication in this transition from what was primarily a bundle business of 
hardware and software to eventually a software only business. 

Operator 

And we have a follow-up from the line of Dan Cummins. You may proceed. 

<A - Carl Bass, President and Chief Executive Officer>: He got bored. 

Operator 

Okay. And at this time, we have no further questions. Now, I'd like to hand the call back over to David Gennarelli. 

David Gennarelli, Director of Investor Relations 

Thanks, operator. That concludes our prepared remarks and Q&A. Just one last note about our investor activity this 
quarter. We've got Autodesk University coming up on November 30th and please contact me if you can attend that 
event. On December 1st, we'll be at the Credit Suisse Conference in Scottsdale. On December 8th, we'll be at the 
NASDAQ Conference in London, and on January 11th, we'll be at the Needham Conference in New York. And if you 


have any other follow-up questions, please let me know at 415-507-6033. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect and 
have a great day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


