Q3 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Judy Meehan, Investor Relations 
• James V. O'Donnell, Chief Executive Officer 
• Joan Holstein Hilson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Michelle Clark 
• John Morris 
• Paul Lejuez 
• Janet Kloppenberg 
• Kimberly Greenberger 
• Christine Chen 
• Stacy Pak 
• Lorraine Hutchinson 
• Jeff Black 
• Dorothy Lakner 
• Jennifer Black 
• Michelle Tan 
• Dana Telsey 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Greetings, and welcome to the American Eagle Outfitters Incorporated Third Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. 
At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal 
presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. 

It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Judy Meehan, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, Ms. 
Meehan, you may now begin. 

Judy Meehan, Investor Relations 

Good morning everyone. Joining me today are Jim O'Donnell, Chief Executive Officer and Joan Hilson, Executive 
Vice President, Chief Financial Officer. If you need a copy of our third quarter press release, it is available on our 
website, ae.com. Before we begin, I need to remind everyone that during this conference call members of management 
will make certain forward-looking statements based upon information which represents the company's current 
expectations or beliefs. The results actually realized may differ materially from those expectations or beliefs based on 
risk factors included in our quarterly and annual reports filed with the SEC. 

And now I'll turn the call over to Jim. 


James V. O'Donnell, Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Judy. Good morning everyone. American Eagle Outfitters continued to gain ground in the third quarter despite 
a very cautious consumer and as we all know, an economic environment that remained challenging. Third quarter 
comparable store sales declined 4%, a significant improvement from the trend of the first-half of the year. 

Store traffic remained inconsistent and yet we're pleased to have delivered slightly higher conversion rate during the 
third quarter. Although the results are still not up to our standards, the operating earnings decline of 26% was half of 
the decline in the first two quarters of this year. 

The AE brand is gaining momentum with strength in a number of key merchandise categories including denim, woven 
tops, graphic Ts and accessories. Building upon these successes and regaining market share is our top priority. Further, 
through grass-roots campus marketing and high impact billboard campaigns, the AE brand is generating buzz among a 
broad base of target consumers. 

We're also underscoring our mission within the organization. We are staying true to our promise of great style and 
quality at affordable prices, which will continue to guide this brand as we navigate our path to recovery. 

The following are important highlights from the third quarter: The AE women's comp improved, declining 5% 
compared to 11% decline in the first two quarters of this year. Women's denim, which is so important to driving overall 
performance for the brand comped positively in the third quarter, up significantly year-over-year. Critical to market 
share we are pleased to see that certain styles have returned to historical performance levels. 

Graphic T's were also strong, the women's graphic T-shirts turning positive for the first time in several quarters. Our 
planned promotional strategy in this category is both compelling to the consumers as well as delivering strong margin 
performance. 

AEO Direct delivered another positive quarter with sales increases of 10% driven by higher traffic and conversion. We 
have demonstrated the ability to hit important fashion trends such as plaid flannels and woven tops. In fact we've more 
than doubled our woven shirt business year-over-year. 

Importantly we're standing behind these fashion trends with powerful statements in the stores. You will continue to see 
this kind of merchandise distortion going forward which we believe in this concept and it makes sense to the consumer. 
While we have seen solid performance across these categories we still have considerable opportunity for improvement 
in the balance of the assortment. 

And finally value, value is top of mind for this consumer and stretching the dollar is going to be important for the 
foreseeable future. We continue to plan powerful promotions designed to drive growth in both top-line and margin and 
you'll see examples of this starting this Thanksgiving weekend. 

A brief note on our big event from last week, the grand opening of our Times Square flagship store, American Eagle 
Outfitters at 46th and Broadway is meant to be a destination and a landmark for AE customers around the globe, as 
well as a shopping experience like (sic) [unlike] anything else, even by Times Square standards. Traffic and sales in the 
new store have been strong out of the gate and we look forward to seeing this store realize its remarkable potential in 
the coming months. 

Importantly, new concepts are a key component of long-term growth for the company, and we are pleased with their 
performance in the third quarter. Starting with aerie, the aerie brand now has 137 standalone stores, with one of the 
latest additions in Plaza Las Américas mall in Puerto Rico. This store opened extremely strong with higher than 
average traffic and sales, demonstrating a strong appetite for the aerie brand in a variety of markets. Overall, the aerie 
brand consistently delivers double-digit positive comps with the third quarter at 27%. 

Martin+Osa achieved a positive 10% comp with improvement in the bottom line. The brand continues to make 
progress in its merchandise assortments and targeted marketing efforts to build brand awareness. 


77kids also had a solid third quarter with success in wear-now fashions in outerwear, denim and graphics. This holiday, 
we opened our first pop-up store in the Pittsburgh area, allowing us to gain key learnings from our customers 
face-to-face. Sales are far exceeding our expectations, which is very encouraging considering it's a small space and has 
a very limited assortment. Insights gleaned from this temporary store will help our guide our plans for the permanent 
brick and mortar stores we plan to open in 2010. 

In closing, I'd like to reiterate my confidence in our brands. We've been clear about our priorities and we're doing what 
we said we were going to do. We have turned around key categories. We stood for fashion and value, and we've 
exercised financial discipline. Is there still significant work to do? Most definitely. We are focused on closing out 2009 
very strong and capitalizing on opportunities in this fourth quarter as we kick off the very important holiday season. 
Further, we're poised to continue our momentum towards a recovery in 2010 with creativity, vision and discipline. 

Thank you, and now I'll turn the call over to Joan. 

Joan Holstein Hilson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Jim and good morning everyone. The third quarter demonstrated an improvement from the first half of the 
year. Store traffic was still choppy, yet we were able to leverage traffic better than in recent quarters resulting in a 
higher conversion rate. Customers responded well to key merchandise categories driving a solid full price business in a 
portion of the assortment. However, there were still areas of underperformance where higher markdowns were 
required. 

Moving on to margins, more controlled markdown activity and pre-planned promotional events led to a 20 basis point 
increase in the merchandise margin. The gross margin decline of 90 basis points was primarily due to higher rent as a 
percent of sales reflecting new store growth and the negative comp. 

SG&A expense in the quarter increased 6%. This was largely due to payroll cost related to new stores and the accrual 
of incentive compensation which was not incurred last year. Cost control initiatives remain a priority and have resulted 
in flat SG&A dollars through the first nine months. 

Continued improvement in the comp trend, a higher merchandise margin and expense discipline led to an improvement 
in our operating margin from the first half of the year. 

Now turning to the balance sheet and consistent with our expectations, third quarter ending inventory for retail stores 
decreased 3% at cost per foot and clearance inventory was down 15%. Looking ahead, our fourth quarter average 
weekly inventory per foot is expected to be up in the mid single digits. This is driven by an increase in AE denim, a 
year round category, which has been performing extremely well. Excluding denim, fourth quarter average weekly 
inventories are flat to last year. 

In keeping with our reduced spending plan, capital expenditures in the third quarter were 33 million, compared to 69 
million last year. For the year, we now anticipate capital spending to be in the range of 120 to 130 million, about half of 
last year. We generated positive cash flow, ending the quarter with cash and investments of 719 million. 

Through the first three weeks of November, comparable store sales declined 5%. Due to the importance of 
Thanksgiving weekend, we will provide fourth quarter guidance next week, along with our November sales 
announcement. 

In conclusion, we have tremendous opportunities still ahead. Continued sales improvement is a priority and essential to 
margin recovering. Our goal is to continue the momentum and expand the success we've seen in key areas of our 
business. 

Inventories are well controlled and distorted to high performing categories. We expect lower product cost to modestly 
benefit the merchandise margin and we also pass savings onto customers through strong value pricing. And lastly, 
expense controls remain a priority. 


As we look ahead, we will capitalize on opportunities within our business and continue to position the company for 
long-term success. 

Thanks very much, and now we'll open the call up to take your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question is coming from Michelle Clark of Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Michelle Clark>: Yes, good morning. First question, can you just give us the weekly comp compares from 
November of last year. I know through the first two weeks of November of last year you comped down 17% and then 
for the full month of November it was down 11. And then the second question is, is there any change in promotional 
cadence this November versus last? Thank you. 

<A - Joan Holstein Hilson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So the promotional cadence for 
this November is relatively consistent. However, what – in terms of timing of events and our Thanksgiving weekend 
without sharing exactly what it is, is we think loaded with value for our customers and offers a meaningful price point 
in key categories of our business and we have some fun events plans as well. So, that cadence is one that we're excited 
about and look forward to taking to you about on our November sales call. 

In week one last year, we were down low-double digit, week two, low-single digit, so that's the comparison that we 
have as we look this – the first weeks of this month at aggregating it down five. 

<Q - Michelle Clark>: And then week three and four of last year, last November? 

<A - Judy Meehan, Investor Relations>: Week three was hard to compare because of the shift of the holiday. That 
prior year had Thanksgiving in it. So, and then as we said last year over Thanksgiving weekend last year we were 
positive low single-digit. 

<Q - Michelle Clark>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from John Morris of BMO Capital. 

<Q - John Morris>: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Congratulations on a good quarter. 

<A - Joan Holstein Hilson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks, John. 

<Q - John Morris>: With respect to sort of two pieces here, the inventory where you expect finish up in Q4, up 5% 
per square foot. Obviously that's an investment in denim. Maybe a little bit color on that is it – do you feel like it's the 
higher investment in denim is because of more opportunity, were you a little bit lower than where you wanted to be last 
year? Is there anything else in that mix that we should be aware of, any other timing issues or anything like that? I 
assume that really is kind of your spring positioning? 

And then secondly, segueing into spring, trying to look ahead here a little bit if you can talk little bit about the – where 
you see the opportunity, where does Roger see the opportunity and the merchandising team in terms of the product 
compared to last year? I would expect part of that to be in the knits category but obviously woven's doing better. So, I 
want kind of get a little bit more color there, what is it that you're doing to really fix and turn the knits business, an 
update on that? Thanks. 

<A - Joan Holstein Hilson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: John, I'll address the inventory 
and then Jim will take the assortment for spring. Looking at fourth quarter what we said, John, just to clarify is that the 


average inventory for the fourth quarter is expected to be up mid single-digit. When you look at that without denim that 
will be – we expect that to be flat. That does compare to your point to a down low double-digit last year. So, we were 
somewhat lean and feel that now with a very well trending category in denim that it's an important investment for us to 
make for holiday. So hopefully that gives you the color that you're looking for, for the fourth quarter. 

<Q - John Morris>: Yeah, that makes sense and then on the spring opportunity? 

<A - James V. O'Donnell, Chief Executive Officer>: Actually the emphasis is still going to continue on with denim 
as Joan just explained. We're making and will continue to make a massive presentation of denim to ensure that we are 
in stock in all of our fit systems as well as all of our washes. 

The category that has probably the greatest upside opportunity is what – the one you mentioned, John and that's knits 
and what Roger and the entire team, Henry and LeAnn have done is a strong collaboration in ensuring that the knits 
compared to last year are much more compelling. 

That's defined as they are much more brand appropriate, they have more of a fashion bent and there is more detailing 
within the product. And having seen the line, I can tell you that there has been a dramatic improvement. And we will be 
in the knit business but it will be trend right and it will be priced right and we also have some key promotions around 
knits that should be very exciting. 

<Q - John Morris>: Great. Thanks, good luck for the holiday season here. 

<A - Joan Holstein Hilson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you. 

<A - James V. O'Donnell, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, John. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from Paul Lejuez of Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Paul Lejuez>: Hey, thanks guys. I just wanted to confirm I think inventory you said is going to be down mid 
single digits, that's on dollars basis, does that mean that units will be up somewhere in the double-digit range just given 
lower average unit cost? And then second as far as those store closings, just wondering what type of locations these 
stores are coming out of, what kind of malls and should we expect that this is a precursor to more store closings next 
year? Thanks. 

<A - Joan Holstein Hilson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Okay, Paul, so to clarify 
inventory. Inventory on an average basis, on a cost per foot is expected to be up mid-single digit. Without denim we 
expect it to be flat. That is up against last year of down low-double digit as an average for the quarter. 

<Q - Paul Lejuez>: Does that mean units up double-digit and then ex-denim up mid-singles? 

<A - Joan Holstein Hilson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No, what it means is that units 
are up, but not up double-digits and our denim inventory was – is clearly up unit wise, because our denim inventory last 
year was quite low. So, we're positioning inventory units in dollars up against denim. 

<Q - Paul Lejuez>: Got you. 

<A - James V. O'Donnell, Chief Executive Officer>: Relating to store closings, we've already committed to closing I 
believe around nine stores this year and we're looking at in January somewhere between another 10 to 20 potential 
closings. The mix of the stores, they range anywhere from stores that just have outlived their life cycle, whether they're 
in environments that are just – they're not growing, they're actually decreasing. 

They are also in environments that were planned for future growth, primarily in the Southwest and Western part of the 
United States that do not materialize where we had fortunately put in exit clauses to benefit ourselves and being able to 
leave the locations. And there is also some lifestyles centers that are just not right for the – I think the future look. 


We're – something that I'm not going to dwell on, but I'm looking at the entire American Eagle real estate portfolio in a 
little different manner on the go forward and I think you will see and hear some of the repositioning of how I see the 
portfolio evolving over the next two to three years. 

<Q - Paul Lejuez>: Thanks. Good luck. 
<A - James V. O'Donnell, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 
<A - Joan Holstein Hilson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from Janet Kloppenberg of JJK Research. 

<Q - Janet Kloppenberg>: Good morning, everyone, congratulations on the progress. 

<A - Joan Holstein Hilson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you. 

<Q - Janet Kloppenberg>: I was just wondering, Joan, if you could talk a little bit about your IMUs going into the 
fourth quarter and if you're positioned to profitably promote? A lot of other companies have talked about being well 
positioned to offer value, but to maintain decent margins at the same time. And I was also wondering if you could talk a 
little about the outlook on SG&A, if we should expect it to be up about 6% again in the fourth quarter? 

And just lastly for Jim, if you could talk about your confidence level in this holiday floor set with the flannels and the 
denim and some of the new sweater silhouettes. If you've got an early enough read to be able to say that you feel good 
about how you're positioned going into the season? Thank you. 

<A - Joan Holstein Hilson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Do you want me to start? Okay. 
So, Janet when we look at the fourth quarter, we expect – we're seeing cost improvements and much like the third 
quarter we expect to balance that with a value offering to our customer, so expect modest improvement related to that. 

Where we see meaningful improvement in the fourth quarter for us is in our markdowns and that relates to the strength 
of our pre-planned promotions, which are structured in a profitable way. As you know last year was a bit reactive. So 
going in, we do expect a meaningful chunk of improvement in the merch margin. 

As we – with respect to SG&A we would expect the fourth quarter range likely to be up low single digit. What that 
takes the year to is as I look at it, at this time it's flat to up low single digit and that largely depends on the top-line 
performance and our variable costs. So 


<Q - Janet Kloppenberg>: But we should be thinking about it on a dollar basis up low single digits versus last year's 
fourth quarter? 

<A - Joan Holstein Hilson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Looking at the full year 


<Q - Janet Kloppenberg>: Okay. 

<A - Joan Holstein Hilson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: – just thinking about the full 
year, I think high side range of that would be up low single digit. 

<Q - Janet Kloppenberg>: Versus last year's total SG&A level? 

<A - Joan Holstein Hilson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Correct. 

<Q - Janet Kloppenberg>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - James V. O'Donnell, Chief Executive Officer>: Some of the early selling Janet, it's been a bit mixed without 
being redundant of some of the comments we've already made. Women's fleece we've been very pleased with. 
Accessories have been quite good. But the common denominator right now is with strong promotions very value 


driven, the product is very desirable. And so I don't – I'm very cautious about the holiday season although I do feel that 
from an assortment – from a comprehensive point of view I think we are in a very good place. I think call of our 
holiday buys in our sweaters, our fleece and our woven shirts are very much on trend and I would expect them to be 
well received. And again though it's all going to be centered around the promotions and how the customers perceive 
value. And if that perception is achieved, I like our chances. 

So we have a very good plan. As you know our company very well, we also have a plan for the plan. So we're not 
going in with our eyes closed so to speak, but we are geared for whatever hand we're dealt. But I think the biggest thing 
about this year versus last year and I've been public with this comment before, is last year much of what we did from a 
promotional cadence was very tactical, was very necessary if you will to move inventory because we were – we had no 
choice. 

This year we've been much more prudent about how we bought, where we bought as Joan related, we are very distorted 
in the categories that we feel good about. So, we know where we picked our targets and right now, the early signs are – 
they're good. We all – we'll hope they're going to be great. 

<Q - Janet Kloppenberg>: Okay, well lots of luck Jim. 

<A - James V. O'Donnell, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Janet. 

Operator 

Thank you, our next question is coming from Kimberly Greenberger of Citigroup. 

<Q - Kimberly Greenberger>: Great, thanks. Apologize if I missed this, but could you give us the comp metrics 
behind the negative four comp in the quarter? And then, Jim, could you talk to us a little bit more about Martin+Osa 
and aerie, you've commented about strong sales improvement. Could you give us some idea about the operating 
margins at those two businesses and are they seeing significant improvement in line with your expectations? 

<A - Joan Holstein Hilson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I'll take the comp metrics first, 
Kimberly. For the quarter, if we look at [inaudible] that would be down low single, our average unit retail was also 
down low single; and we saw transactions that were also down low single; and then our conversion was up, and that's 
what contributed to the overall down four. 

<A - James V. O'Donnell, Chief Executive Officer>: As it relates to aerie, our intimate apparel brand, overall we've 
been very public with the aerie brand is profitable. Now the standalone stores have not been profitable, they run a small 
loss. That's what we feel will continue to improve in the fourth quarter of '09 and then our plan is for the brand to be 
accretive, the standalone stores to be accretive in 2010. 

What we have seen from aerie is a continued strong positive comp, I mean, it's been north of 25% almost every quarter. 
But having said that, we actually are driving now some additional categories of merchandise. If you've been in the 
stores, you've seen a stronger position in our f.i.t., the active line. You've seen more of a dorm wear and a sleep. Those 
categories have to be, they have to deliver their percentage component, because our bra business and our underwear 
business has been very good and it has to continue to carry the aerie brand. 

But in order for the standalones to be profitable, we need to have these other categories deliver to their planned percent 
of contribution. Right now the trends are very positive and we feel we feel good. Without getting overly excited, we 
really feel that that brand, the aerie brand is headed in a very positive direction. 

Some of the newer stores that we've opened have been – they've been quite good and have been meeting their 
benchmarks. We have to get our lower tiered stores which are – which number about 20% of that, 137 or so stores, they 
need to move their top line. But we have seen overall – I don't believe we have what I would consider – maybe one or 
two at most stores that cannot reach the benchmarks that we've established for fourth quarter as well as come out with a 
very strong 2010. 


As it relates to Martin+Osa, Martin+Osa has continued to improve quarter over quarter. Now having said that, the 
improvement has been very modest. The big contribution if you will, the real telltale will be the fourth quarter, the 
season we're in right now. We've planned for a dramatic improvement in fourth quarter of '09 versus '08 and the early 
signs right now is that it's good. 

And the assortments continue to get better but one of the things that have been maybe holding the brand back is we 
have to – we've got to take some bets on some key product lines and we need to flow newness more often. And we 
noticed that as soon as we flow newness, we spike our top line. The minute the assortments start to be on the shelves 
after three or four or five weeks, sales become a little more modest. 

So we think we have a pretty good handle, we're changing some of the merchandise flow cadence and the product 
continues to get better. The IMUs continue to improve, we've got get our arms around the markdown rate and when we 
get their arms around markdown rate, you'll see a dramatic improvement in this brand. 

<Q - Kimberly Greenberger>: Great. Thanks, that's very helpful. 

<A - James V. O'Donnell, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from Christine Chen of Needham & Company. 

<Q - Christine Chen>: Thank you. Just to continue on the discussion of Martin+Osa can you talk about maybe 
specific categories that are doing particularly well at Martin+Osa, and did you give the impact on the third quarter of 
Martin+Osa? Thank you. 

<A - James V. O'Donnell, Chief Executive Officer>: Martin+Osa's comp for third quarter was 10%. Categories that 
have that have been – contributed what we think is becoming some of the signatures of the assortment, denim, if there's 
one category we should note and that's denim. And denim in both men's and women's, but women's has been very 
strong and we've been very consistent right now in our fits which we're getting very good feedback on. 

Cashmere sweaters are another signature category in women's. And accessories has been very good, we have really 
have – we have shown a dramatic improvement. We've almost doubled the business from a year ago in accessories. 

Men's has been very pleasantly surprising in that we have moved the needle up in the overall contribution this past year 
from about two or three points from where it had been running. And the men's assortment has been somewhat 
successful and I believe a major contributor. 

Where women's needs to strengthen its positioning is in primarily in its knits and also we have to continue to improve 
our outerwear category which is good but it's a category that we feel should be a major contributor in both men's and 
women's but primarily in women's. So that's about the best way I can give you the color around M+O. 

<Q - Christine Chen>: And then the EPS impact on the third quarter for Martin+Osa...? 

<A - Joan Holstein Hilson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Christine, we'll give that on an 
annual view, when we get to the fourth quarter earnings call. That's how we treat all of our new concepts. 

<Q - Christine Chen>: Okay, great. Thank you and good luck for holiday. 

<A - Joan Holstein Hilson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you. 

<A - James V. O'Donnell, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 

<A - Judy Meehan, Investor Relations>: Jackie, next question. 

Operator 


Thank you. Our next question is coming from Stacy Pak of SP Research. 

<Q - Stacy Pak>: Hey guys, thanks. A couple of things, I was wondering, Jim, if you can just comment on how you're 
reading the business so far in November? Are you pleased with the build and the reason I'm asking obviously is the 
shift that occurred in Thanksgiving last year. So, I'm just kind of wondering how you're reading it internally, is it kind 
of playing out as you would have anticipated and it sounded to me like you're pleased with all the key categories, but I 
was just hoping you could revisit that? 

The second question I have is just looking at '10, assuming a modest comp, what kind of SG&A growth rate would you 
be comfortable with and what kind of margin recovery would you be comfortable with because there is obviously an 
awful lot of opportunity? 

And then last question is just housekeeping. Joan, can you tell us exactly what the – how much the IMU was up in the 
quarter and whether there was an impact from transportation? Thanks. 

<A - James V. O'Donnell, Chief Executive Officer>: Well, as far as the early read on where we are and where we're 
going, my crystal ball is still murky, but less murky than it was a year ago. Having said that, we are – our cadence right 
now is really right on our plan. Now, albeit it's a very conservative plan, but right now I feel good about where we are 
and where we're going. I like our inventory levels, where they are positioned. I think our key categories are well 
protected. I think our promotions that are going to signal value to the customers I mentioned earlier are in place. We are 
prepared from a logistics position as far as being able to support our stores on an ongoing basis so that we are in stock 
on an as needed basis. 

And so I feel good, and last year if you recall and I think Judy mentioned it, our Thanksgiving – our post Thanksgiving 
weekend was okay, was good. But I think we're in a better position this year. The real key is going to be what does 
December look like, is December going to be a balanced December where you find that your sales cadence is pretty 
consistent week in and week out or is it going to be a last minute rush 10, 12 days prior to Christmas where it's going to 
be – you're going to have to really be very, very focused and you're going to have to be very promotional? But, we have 
plans for both. So, we'll see what happens, but overall, I feel okay about where we are. I actually like our position. 

<Q - Stacy Pak>: To follow-up on that, Jim. With regard to the traffic that you're just seeing out there all year, has the 
customer, I mean, I've heard a lot about inconsistent, would you – I mean does the customer come at specific times? 
Would you expect there to be more traffic when there are holidays for instance and they are imminent, they're here 
upon us or can you not even – how are you reading the traffic? 

<A - James V. O'Donnell, Chief Executive Officer>: I think it's a really good question, Stacy. It's been pretty 
consistent, you promote, the traffic improves. Weekends right now, very strong, I mean that's – you have to be prepared 
for your Friday to a degree, but Saturday, Sunday have really been the drivers for the week. The balance of the week, 
it's – on average it's pretty quiet, but I think as you get into the holiday season depending on the urgency of the 
consumer, I would like to think that maybe some of these trends will change somewhat. One of the things that we have 
seen though is in these outlet centers the off-price centers that we're in. They remain very consistent in that the traffic is 
very strong and the performance goes right along with it. So, it further validates this whole value headset of the 
consumer. 

<Q - Stacy Pak>: Okay, great and then the 2010, just kind of gross margin recovery, SG&A and those two, IMU and 
transport? 

<A - Joan Holstein Hilson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure, Stacy, for 2010, we look 
to gain improvement, to get back to the mid-teen operating margin, we see that occurring over the next couple of years. 
But with respect to SG&A, specifically the way I think about it is we would expect SG&A to grow somewhat with an 
increase in sales due to the variable costs that go along with sales. But the other expenses that are what I would call 
non-variable or discretionary we would expect to remain flat. 

<Q - Stacy Pak>: Would that go up overall if sales – like assuming again that you actually have a modest comp? 


<A - Joan Holstein Hilson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: We would expect SG&A to 
grow slightly with a modest comp. 

<Q - Stacy Pak>: Okay. And the 


<A - Joan Holstein Hilson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Now, looking at IMU for the 
third quarter and fourth quarter, what I mentioned was that we did have cost opportunities that we did pass on to – 
through some value offerings to our customer. We did experience a decline in freight. We – as we look forward in 
fourth quarter and as we talk about our guidance next week, we are thinking about the impact of air freight and some of 
the issues that, small issues that we're seeing today in terms of capacity for air freight in getting product to our DCs and 
then to the stores. So, some opportunity in third quarter and we're working through some of the cost of fourth quarter. 
So that said, with respect to cost, we would expect modest improvement, but with respect to markdowns that's where 
we would expect a more meaningful lift in our merch margin. 

<Q - Stacy Pak>: Okay. Well, thanks very much and good luck. 

<A - Joan Holstein Hilson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks, Stacy. 

<A - James V. O'Donnell, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you, Stacy. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming is from Lorraine Hutchinson of Banc of America/Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Lorraine Hutchinson>: Thank you, good morning. 

<A - Joan Holstein Hilson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Hi. 

<Q - Lorraine Hutchinson>: Just a follow-up on the inventory position that you're in going into holiday. If we see 
comps continue at the same rate that we've seen so far this month, should we expect significant markdowns to clear 
through that up inventory or is this season-less product that you can carry forward into the spring season? 

<A - Joan Holstein Hilson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Lorraine, the position in denim 
is what's driving the mid single-digit comp increase. So, the inventory without denim is flat on a cost per foot basis. So, 
yes, it's year-round inventory which we have flexibility. That said, we would expect to see improvement in markdowns 
even with a negative comp. So, we believe that the way we planned our promotions, pre-planned proactive that we're in 
a strong position to see merchandise margin improvement related to markdowns. 

<Q - Lorraine Hutchinson>: Great. And then last quarter on your second quarter earnings call, you had been talking 
about SG&A down slightly for the year and now it looks like it'll be up. I was just curious as to what was the variance 
in the initial expectations versus where you are now? 

<A - Joan Holstein Hilson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, the variance is related to 
sales and our store variable costs are a piece of that and then the incentive accrual is the other piece of the increase. 
And as I said go – as we look at the year on an annual basis, we expect SG&A with all that in line on the high side to be 
up low – flattish to low single-digit increase all related to business performance and variable cost. 

<Q - Lorraine Hutchinson>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from Jeff Black of Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Jeff Black>: Hey, so good morning everybody. 

<A - Joan Holstein Hilson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Good morning. 


<Q - Jeff Black>: Jim, if you look across the business, Jim, I mean, you listen to the call and it sounds like it's a one 
category business; denim. How many other categories are really percolating and waking up here, and how many 
categories would still be underperforming and in that category that – or in that class that Joan said needs more 
promotion? And on those that need more promotion, do you feel comfortable with the inventory levels here? Thanks. 

<A - James V. O'Donnell, Chief Executive Officer>: Well, it does sound like we're doing a drum roll on the denim 
category but we've been very pleased with graphic T-shirts, woven shirts as I mentioned earlier we doubled the 
business year-over-year, and woven shirts has really – has become a much – a pleasant surprise and a major contributor 
in both top line and in margin. Our accessory business has been year-over-year very strong. 

Categories that need to continue to move forward, fleece is a good example, both men's and women's fleece. We have a 
big bet on fleece for fourth quarter. And our women's fleece has been meeting and exceeding our plan, men's is running 
slightly behind. Now we'll see what happens as we get closer in. Both men's and women's fleece we have promotions 
planned around fleece. Sweaters for holiday as we all know, it's rather obvious, a very key category, and I don't think 
we've really hit the sweater season yet and I think it will – we'll have a better read after this weekend but we also have 
promotions planned around sweaters which will be – and a very compelling promotion. 

So there are really the levers that will be the big driver. Denim, yes, we're very pleased with denim, but it's not going to 
be a one category company. I mean it's rather obvious that we've got investments made in other categories of product 
and it really will center around graphic T-shirts and going forward in spring and also women's knits and you will hear 
and see more of that as we evolve into 2010. 

<Q - Jeff Black>: And you feel good enough about the traction in these other categories that we could theoretically see 
a positive comp? 

<A - James V. O'Donnell, Chief Executive Officer>: I don't want to go on a limb with a positive comp, but do I feel 
that I've seen enough so far, the answer is yes. The real answer to the question will come as we run these key planned 
promotions, if they end up being the – they meet the levels that we've set for them, I think we'll all be pleased with the 
results. 

<Q - Jeff Black>: Okay, fair enough. Thanks. Good luck. 

<A - James V. O'Donnell, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from Dorothy Lakner of Caris & Company. 

<Q - Dorothy Lakner>: Thanks, and good morning everyone. 

<A - Joan Holstein Hilson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Good morning, Dorothy. 

<Q - Dorothy Lakner>: I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit more about the cadence, sort of the traffic 
pattern maybe you're looking at in December, if that's any different from what you've seen in previous years? I mean, 
clearly the Thanksgiving Weekend coming up is a big one. And then I think typically we've seen sort of a lull in the 
first couple of weeks and your week before Christmas big, but also the week after Christmas has always been pretty 
important to you, do you expect that to change at all this year? 

Then just kind of housekeeping, could you just talk about the men's performance? I think you talked about women's 
early on, but not sure if you gave the comp for men's and how that did? And then lastly on aerie, those lower-tier stores, 
is there anything that those have in common? Thanks. 

<A - James V. O'Donnell, Chief Executive Officer>: Okay, I'll get the aerie question out of way, Dorothy. There is 
common denominator, they're primarily in smaller markets and we have to look at that very closely. And when we first 
went out with the store rollout, it was our plan, it was my plan to have the brand represented in markets were American 


Eagle performed at a X level and which would be naturally interpreted as some of our better stores. As you know the 
American Eagle brand performs very well in strong B markets and which are in some of what we would call 
secondary-tier markets in the Midwest and Northeast. 

<Q - Dorothy Lakner>: Yeah. 

<A - James V. O'Donnell, Chief Executive Officer>: It's been a bit of a mixed bag with the aerie brand. Where we 
have opened in major metropolitan markets in the A centers and very strong B centers, the brand has performed very 
well. And so, that's what we're looking at right now. That's why I was out early explaining to everyone and I think you 
all hopefully understand where I'm coming from, this is not a six, seven, 800-store brand, I mean this brand, we'll be 
lucky if it's a 500-store brand. I think it's probably right now looking more like four, 450 if you will throughout the 
United States and Canada. 

So, I think we can be very specific about where we go and also where we don't go. So, that's the story behind aerie. 
That's really the only common denominator. It doesn't mean that all small markets don't perform, some do, but on 
average it's more of our second-tier markets that 


<Q - Dorothy Lakner>: Okay 

<A - James V. O'Donnell, Chief Executive Officer>: – have not – they have not been embraced the way that our very 
high-profile A centers and very strong B centers where we're very pleased with the business there. 

<Q - Dorothy Lakner>: Okay, great. 

<A - James V. O'Donnell, Chief Executive Officer>: On traffic, you're kind of looking at the Jim O'Donnell 
playbook, I happen to agree with you. I think that we'll see, we don't want to jinx this weekend. But from all the telltale 
signs and what you see and what you hear and so forth and what happened last year, this Friday, Saturday and Sunday 
should be quite good. The footprints and the traffic pattern should I think be pretty robust. Granted, it's going to be 
spread out over a very long period of time. Most centers are opening up at 6 a.m. in the morning. You have centers now 
that are open 24 hours and you have other centers that are open at 10 on Thanksgiving all the way through to the 
following evening. 

And so there is a real mixed bag and it's going to depend upon are we just taking the same total volume spreading it out 
over longer hours or will there be incremental volume added because you have extended hours. I think the jury is out 
on that until we see – till we see if it actually happens. But I do think that there could be a bit of a lull 
post-Thanksgiving Weekend with a ramping up very dramatically 10, 12 days before the holiday, Christmas holiday. 
And post-holiday at American Eagle I'm sure it's others but for American Eagle is one of our strongest weeks of the 
year. 

<Q - Dorothy Lakner>: Yeah. 

<A - James V. O'Donnell, Chief Executive Officer>: And we're – we'll be very well prepared for that week. I think 
the promotion, acceptance to promotions that we plan to run for our mid-to-weekend business, that'll be the telltale 
whether we can get incremental volume more balanced throughout the month of December. 

<Q - Dorothy Lakner>: It just seems as if the traffic pattern's been inconsistent all year and the consumer is sold sort 
of shopping that way on the weekend, not during the week, I mean why would this December be any different from 
others? 

<A - James V. O'Donnell, Chief Executive Officer>: I agree with you. 

<Q - Dorothy Lakner>: Okay. 

<A - James V. O'Donnell, Chief Executive Officer>: I happen to agree. 

<Q - Dorothy Lakner>: And then just on the men's business? 


<A - Joan Holstein Hilson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, Dorothy, men's was 
down mid-single digit as well and what happened there is while some key categories were performing well, denim, 
wovens and graphics, we did have other categories as well in the knit that didn't do quite as well and shorts did not 
meet our expectations. So, that's the story on men's. 

<Q - Dorothy Lakner>: Okay. All right, great. Thank you. Good luck for the holiday. 

<A - James V. O'Donnell, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Dorothy. 

<A - Joan Holstein Hilson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from Jennifer Black of Jennifer Black & Associates. 

<Q - Jennifer Black>: Good morning. Let me add my congratulations as well. 

<A - Joan Holstein Hilson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you. 

<Q - Jennifer Black>: Jim, for some time now you've talked about accessories as a category and I wondered if you 
could talk about accessories in more detail in both men's and women's? At all the divisions they look much, much 
better, in fact they look great. Thanks. 

<A - James V. O'Donnell, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. I've personally been beating the accessories drum 
for a couple of years, so I appreciate you asking that question, I really do. I think it's rather obvious jewelry for women 
has been incredible. Underwear for men has been excellent. Our footwear business where we now are in with a 
third-party vendor has been very well received. Our – the boots have not taken off yet, but we still think that season's 
early, although we are seeing some signs that that business is improving, but footwear overall has been positive. And I 
would say that our belt business has been pleasantly – a pleasant surprise for us. 

And we're looking at accessories now much more aggressively and what is it that we're not in that we can be in. We 
devoted an additional fixture in all of our stores which is in now for holiday, where we only had one accessory fixture, 
now we're going to have two and then some of our larger stores we not only have two but we also have devoted some 
other areas of the store and walls and so forth have been really – have really been quite good. 

And then you have your winter accessories which are your gift sets of your hats, gloves and so forth, which we'll see 
how they – normally we do quite well with those during the holiday season. But that's kind of the quick snapshot of 
what accessories looks like today, but we're going to be – even be more aggressive in 2010. 

<Q - Jennifer Black>: What percent of your business is accessories right now for the whole company and where 
would you like it to be? 

<A - James V. O'Donnell, Chief Executive Officer>: Right now it is about 10% and there is – I'd say that it's very 
achievable within the next year to be 12, even 15% depending upon how robust the assortment is. 

<Q - Jennifer Black>: Great. Okay, thank you very much and good luck. 

<A - James V. O'Donnell, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from Michelle Tan of Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Michelle Tan>: Great, thanks. I had a couple of questions, first just to clarify on fourth quarter SG&A, the 
growth is going be in line or slightly ahead of third quarter, is that correct and then does that imply acceleration in sales 
versus third quarter in fourth quarter. And then I had a quick follow-up on buying and occupancy? 


<A - Joan Holstein Hilson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So, the SG&A, Michelle is – 
relates to a recognition of the improved sales trend that we've seen largely in the third quarter. And so the increment of 
SG&A looking at the year on the low single-digit, we're flat through the first three quarters and then looking at the year 
going to flat to a low single-digit depending on the top-line and sales and business performance we would incur 
additional variable expenses and incentive comp accrual. 

<Q - Michelle Tan>: Right and the high end of that range assumes some better sales in fourth quarter than third 
quarter, I assume? 

<A - Joan Holstein Hilson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: That would be correct. 

<Q - Michelle Tan>: Okay, great. And then on buying and occupancy, just to understand I guess where the leverage 
point there is now, it was – it's de-levered a little bit more in the quarter than I thought and I think you called out some 
of the growth in aerie, which I think has maybe somewhat lower productivity, higher buying and occupancy rate at this 
early stage. So, just help us think about that buying and occupancy leverage point going forward? 

<A - Joan Holstein Hilson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: As we look at 2009 that 
leverage point is at the higher end of a mid-single digit and that as we look forward into 2010 the way to think about 
that is a low-single digit lever point. 

<Q - Michelle Tan>: Okay great. Thanks. That's helpful. Good luck. 

<A - James V. O'Donnell, Chief Executive Officer>: All right, thanks. 

<A - Judy Meehan, Investor Relations>: Thanks. Jackie we'll take our final question now. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our final question is coming from Dana Telsey of Telsey Advisory Group. 

<Q - Dana Telsey>: Good morning everyone. Can you please talk a little bit about on the talent side? I understand that 
you may have added some talent on the women's side, how do you think about that and what changes do you see in 
process or how do you see it working going forward? And then also the Times Square Store and Garden State Plaza 
just look terrific, what features from those stores could be adapted to the existing stores either in remodels or new 
stores? Thank you. 

<A - James V. O'Donnell, Chief Executive Officer>: Well, we've made some key hires. I don't want to put the new 
hires under any more pressure than they are under. But we're very pleased, we were able to attract a very talented 
women's merchant for the American Eagle brand, she is onboard and has been onboard for a few weeks now and that's 

– that was a major addition to our team especially in a category that we've mentioned ad nauseam how much effort we 
put in and we're going to continue to put in into the women's product. 
We've also added and she has not joined us yet, but we've added a very talented woman to join us in design, head of 
design for our aerie product and we'll look for her to make some dramatic improvement in a line that really we're very, 
very pleased with now, but has – just has tremendous upside. 

And then we've added within our team some people that are not as high profile, but are talented for both today and for 
the future. And we have a few other people in queue right now that we're speaking with that hopefully if things work 
out we'll have an announcement towards the end of the year on probably two more key hires that will strengthen our 
organization. So, we're excited about that. 

As far as Times Square and Garden State Plaza, I mean we're – I don't know if we're giddy, but we're very excited 
about both of those stores. The Garden State, which was the precursor to Times Square, is a store we're very, very 
proud of. As you know I think you've been there, Dana we're testing some presentations, accessories for one footwear, 
for another and we're going to be adopting some of that – our learnings from that store into some of our other larger 


volume stores and hopefully even into a greater portion of the chain. 

The – one of the things we are taking away that are probably going to be something that can be universally beneficial to 
all of our stores is in some of our fixtures. Especially in our high volume stores we have fixtures in both those stores 
that are high capacity and are enablers for us to put large quantities of product on the floor, which is an enabler for us to 
ensure that we're not only having powerful presentations, but we're also mitigating against being out of stock, because 
the product's in the stock room. 

So, what you saw as far as the – some of the denim presentations on the denim bar and some of the wall treatments for 
denim presentation, they will readopt it primarily throughout the chain. Accessories that I mentioned earlier and some 
of our table presentations where we think we're onto something, as being able to show some of our knitwear, both our 
graphics and some of our bare knits in a much more formidable way and hopefully that they'll be – they'll benefit with 
improving our top line sales cadence. 

<Q - Dana Telsey>: Thank you. Best of luck. 

<A - James V. O'Donnell, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

<A - Judy Meehan, Investor Relations>: Thanks, Dana. 

Judy Meehan, Investor Relations 

Okay everyone. That concludes our third quarter conference call. Our next announcement will be November sales, 
which we will report next Thursday, December 3. Thanks again for your participation today, and have a happy 
Thanksgiving. 

Operator 

This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you all for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


