Q3 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Scott Wylie, Vice President, Investor Relations 
• James W. Callas, Acting Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance, and Corporate Controller 
• John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Srini Pajjuri 
• James Schneider 
• Uche Orji 
• Christopher Danely 
• Tim Luke 
• John Pitzer 
• David Wong 
• David Wu 
• Ruben Roy 
• Glen Yeung 
• Brendan Furlong 
• Mahesh Sanganeria 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Please stand by. We're about to being. Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Altera Third Quarter 2009 Earnings 
Results Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. 

At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Wylie, Vice President of Investor Relations for Altera 
Corporation. Please go ahead, sir. 

Scott Wylie, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Good afternoon. Thank you for joining this conference call, which will be available for replay telephonically and on 
Altera's website shortly after we conclude this afternoon. To listen to the webcast replay, please visit Altera's Investor 
Relations webpage where you'll find complete instructions. The telephone replay will be available at 719-457-0820 and 
use code 258712. 

Next a reminder, we will host a meeting for the investment community this November in New York on the 18th, and 
we will start at 2:00 p.m. If you are interested in attending and have not heard from us already, please let us know. 

During today's call, we'll be making some forward-looking statements. And in light of the Private Securities Litigation 
Reform Act, I would like to remind you that these statements must be considered in conjunction with the cautionary 
warnings that appear in our SEC filings. Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements in this call involve 
risks and uncertainty, and that future events may differ from the statements made. For additional information, please 
refer to the company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are posted on our website or available from 


the company without charge. 

With me today are John Daane, our CEO; and Jim Callas, our Corporate Controller and Acting CFO. Jim will open the 
call with a financial overview before turning the call over to John. After John concludes his remarks, we will take your 
questions. Prior to the Q&A session, the operator will be giving instructions on how you can access the conference call 
with your questions. 

I would now like to turn the call over to Jim Callas. 

James W. Callas, Acting Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance, and 
Corporate Controller 

Thank you, Scott. My commentary today will cover third quarter results and fourth quarter guidance. Third quarter 
revenue of $287 million increased 3% sequentially at the higher end of our mid-quarter guidance. Q3 turns were in the 
low 50% range, and our book-to-bill ratio was significantly over one, driving a significant increase in Q3 ending 
backlog over Q2. 

Gross margins at 67.3% were at the higher end of our guidance range of 67%, plus or minus 50 basis points, and 
sequentially increased by 80 basis points. The increase over Q2 was primarily driven by a favorable market segment 
margin mix, including a significant revenue increase with broad-based customers. Our largest customers were relatively 
flat quarter-to-quarter. Lastly and consistent with our guidance, we continue to enjoy manufacturing cost reductions, 
including improved yields on some of our new products. 

Operating expenses for the quarter ended at 126 million, up $8 million sequentially, but at the lower end of our 
mid-quarter guidance. The 8 million sequential increase was driven by the previously announced 4.6 million Q3 
restructuring costs, offset by approximately 1.4 million in resulting savings. The bulk of the remaining 5 million 
increase was due to higher variable compensation, including bonuses and sales incentives, offset by lower 
across-the-board spending. We continue to realize ongoing cost savings through our streamlining efforts, and our 
product development agenda remains on track. 

Other income, primarily consisting of investment, interest income, and credit facility interest expense, was a 
negative-0.5 million and under-ran our Q3 guidance by approximately 1 million. Money market rates have continued to 
drop in 2009, and dropped faster in Q3 than we had anticipated. We have continued to stay conservative and expect our 
return to remain at this level until rates increase. 

Our Q3 tax rate was 14.1%. We had both a small discrete tax charge and a nominal increase in our effective tax rate 
due to a mix shift in our estimated 2009 geographic earnings. Net of the discrete item, our Q3 effective tax rate was 
13.9%, and the annualized year-to-date effective tax rate is estimated at 13.6%. Net income for the quarter was $56.7 
million or $0.19 per share. On the balance sheet, cash and investment balances increased by $89 million to 1.4 billion 
with cash flow from operating activities contributing 105 million for the quarter. 

Inventory remained relatively flat, as did the total pipeline month supply on hand at 3.2 months, comprised of 2.1 
months for Altera and 1.1 months for distributors. We remain at the low-end of our MSOH range of three to four 
months. 

Accounts receivable increased by 59 million, primarily on higher September billings versus that of June. This increase 
in quarter-ending billings also increased our calculated days sales outstanding metric from 64 to 81. However, we 
described in previous calls why DSO is not a very meaningful or indicative metric for us, since we don't recognize 
revenue until the distributor ships the device to the customer. In short, dividing a sales-in-based AR by a 
sales-out-based revenue number can give you a DSO that is apples and oranges. Most importantly, our AR balances 
remain current, and past due amounts are at historical lows. 

Moving to our fourth quarter and thus total year 2009 outlook, we expect revenue to increase in the range of 6% to 
10%. The midpoint for guidance implies a turns requirement in the mid-40% range, which is at the low end of our 


historical range. We are guiding gross margin at 67% to 68%, which is slightly higher than Q3. Compared to Q3, we 
should see some favorable segment and customer mix, as well as a full-quarter gross margin benefit of recent 
manufacturing cost improvements and supplier cost reductions. 

Q4 operating expenses are forecasted at a midpoint of $124 million with a range of 65 to 67 million for R&D and 57 to 
59 million for SG&A. The sequential decrease in R&D spending is primarily driven by the non-repeat of the net Q3 
restructuring charge. SG&A will be sequentially slightly higher with higher spending across various accounts partially 
offset by some Q4 net labor savings stemming from the Q3 restructuring. 

Total 2009 operating expenses are now forecasted at a midpoint of 488 million, split between R&D of around 259 
million and SG&A of 229 million. The 488 million is lower by 2 million from our July guidance, with cost reductions 
occurring across several accounts, offset by some higher variable compensation costs, including employee bonuses and 
incentives. Lastly, the 2009 estimate of 488 million is down $25 million from our 2008 actual spending of $513 
million, a notable achievement given our substantial 2009 investment in our 40-nanometer products. 

Rounding out guidance, we anticipate Q4 other income to be roughly a 0.5 million net expense as money market 
interest rates remain at historical lows. Our 2009 core tax rate should be in the 13.5 to 14.5% range and remains 
dependent upon the geographic mix of income. 

Our share count should be approximately 299 million shares. Our pipeline inventory MSOH target of three to four 
months is unchanged. On November 18 and during our New York Analyst Meeting, Altera will provide guidance of its 
2010 gross profit percentage, operating expenses, other income, and effective tax rate. 

With that, I'll turn the call over to John. 

John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Jim. Q3 revenues increased 3% sequentially at the top end of our revised guidance range, as business 
conditions improved steadily during the quarter. All of our markets performed better than anticipated due to a 
combination of new program ramps, improved end market demand, and an increase in customer take rate due to 
inventory depletion. We are very pleased that the Stratix IV 40-nanometer FPGA product line tripled sequentially and 
exceeded our aggressive $10 million revenue goal. 

By vertical market for Q3, we had forecast the Telecom & Wireless segment and for the Computer, Storage & 
Networking segment to decrease based on seasonality, coupled with slower China communications deployment. We 
had also forecast Automotive, Industrial & Military to grow driven by Military and for our Other segment to increase. 
Telecom & Wireless decreased 15% sequentially, and while down, the result was better than originally forecast due to a 
pick-up in Asia in the second half of the quarter. Wireless was the main driver for the decline. 

Recognizing our leadership in China, we received the 2009 FPGA Best Market Performance Award in the China 
telecommunications market from China Electronic News in Q3. 

Networking, Computer & Storage increased 27%, with server, multifunction printers, and networking applications 
contributing to the strong growth. Industrial, Military & Automotive increased 16% with each segment up sequentially. 
The Military segment achieved 10% of revenue in Q3. And finally the Other category was up 16%. 

For the quarter, no customer was greater than 10% of revenue. 

By product category for Q3, our new products grew 7% sequentially. In 40-nanometer, Stratix IV revenue tripled, 
closing over $11 million. This continues to be the fastest ramping product in our history, and we expect strong 
sequential growth again this quarter. We transitioned our Stratix IV family to fully qualify production status, further 
extending our lead in 40-nanometer FPGAs. In 65-nanometer, Stratix III declined 22% due to program timing after 
doubling last quarter. But we expect the product line to rebound with at least 50% growth in Q4. Cyclone III increased 
50% sequentially. 


In other new products, Arria more than tripled, and Max II was flat. HardCopy decreased 21% associated with the 
decline in Telecom & wireless in China. Overall our transceiver-based products spanning 130-nanometer through 
40-nanometer grew over 50% sequentially. 

Moving to Q4, we are forecasting a 6 to 10% sequential increase. Telecom & Wireless should increase from broad 
geographic deployments including China, Japan, and North America. Networking, Computer & Storage should be 
slightly down due to program timing. Automotive, Industrial & Military should increase with very strong growth in 
Military and solid growth in Industrial & Automotive. The Other segment should be flattish. 

Overall we are continuing to benefit from the trends in Q3: new program ramps, improved end market conditions, and 
end customer inventory depletion resulting in a resumption of orders. 

Our book-to-bill was significantly over one in Q3, and our turns required to make the Q4 guidance midpoint are in the 
40% range, well below our historical high 50s to low 60s range. With semiconductor industrial lead times lengthening, 
we are seeing customers' pipeline backlog further into the future, causing turns to be lower in the near term. Note, this 
is not a reaction to anything on our end since our lead times remain fairly stable and short. Finally in discussion with 
OEMs and contract manufacturers, we do not believe our customers are double ordering or are building inventory 
position of Altera products. 

In summary, we believe we have positioned the company for a strong recovery based on our several-year dual-focus of 
reducing costs of the company through simplification initiatives for bottom-line leverage, while also executing on 
industry-leading products to take maximum advantage of the accelerating ASIC replacement cycle for strong top-line 
growth. 

Now let me turn the call back to Scott. 

Scott Wylie, Vice President, Investor Relations 

We would now like to take questions. Please limit your questions to one at a time so that we give as many callers as 
possible the opportunity to ask questions during the call. Operator, would you please provide instructions and poll for 
questions? 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions]. And we'll take our first question from Srini Pajjuri with CLSA. 

<Q - Srini Pajjuri>: Thank you. On the gross margin, you're obviously guiding for some growth here, even though 
Telecom & Wireless is coming back. My question is, it looks like the Military is helping the mix a bit here. But looking 
out beyond the next quarter, if Military comes down a bit and if Telecom remains strong, do you think the gross 
margins will sustain at 67, 68, or do you think they'll come down a bit? 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: We will provide gross margin guidance 
for calendar year 2010 at our November meeting. Generally, as Jim pointed out, we're benefiting from two 
improvements for gross margin. Number one is end segment mix. Obviously the Industrial as well as Military segments 
are up. They tend to be the higher gross margin segments. Number two, as Jim also pointed out, we are benefiting from 
cost reductions and yield enhancements, particularly on some of our newer products, which also significantly help on 
gross margin and definitely are lasting. 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. Next question please. 


Operator 

And we'll go next to James Schneider with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Good afternoon, and thanks for taking my question. I guess, John, maybe we can start off – 
what are you hearing from your China wireless customers in terms of their early outlook and projection for 2010 
demand? I know we've got some ups and downs here in 2009. I was just wondering if you had any visibility on what 
you might expect for full-year 2010 over full-year 2009? 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: I do not have a figure to give at this 
point, Jim, in terms of full-year-over-full-year. I do know that we're basically one year into a very large three-year 
deployment of communications equipment in China. We've all focused I think on 3G. It should be noted that there's a 
very significant 2G, as well as a wireline or backhaul build going on as well, all of them in different phases, but still 
very, very early in terms of overall deployment. 

I would say at this point, we're at a low point in the overall deployment. I would expect it to grow at some point from 
where we are. We have seen the Wireless segment in particular come down, in particular last quarter associated more 
with wideband CDMA and CDMA2000 builds. We do expect China to be up this quarter. The rate will not be at the 
overall rates that we saw in Q1 and Q2. Exactly how this rolls out next year is difficult to predict at this point. But 
again I do expect between China, North America, and then starting in the next year or two, India, as well as Japan for 
LTE, I think we're very early in what will be a very strong three-to-five-year a communications growth cycle. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Fair enough. And then maybe just a follow-up on that, as we look into Q4 specifically, are 
you seeing the service provider and Wireline segment kind of bouncing back stronger sequentially in Q4 relative to the 
Wireless portion? Is that due to any kind of geographic strength in U.S. and Europe relative to Asia? 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: We expect – actually it's – when I said 
earlier that we expect Japan, China, and North America to be up, that's for end equipment deployment. Obviously, we 
have customers around the world including in Europe that service those end markets. We would expect Wireless to be 
up. We would expect Telecom to be up this quarter. We do expect Networking to be down, as I mentioned, because of 
program timing. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Fair enough. Thanks very much. 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you very much, Jim. Next 
question please. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Uche Orji with UBS. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Thank you very much. Let me start off by asking about R&D spending. Should we model that R&D 
[inaudible], or should we expect it to start to pick up again as you start to prepare for 28-nanometers? So... 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: Uche, this is – I'm sorry. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Yes, so that's my first question. I have a follow-up please. 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: The answer is we will go through in the 
November analyst meeting, R&D, SG&A, other income, gross margin line, so basically attacks everything but the 
revenue in our November analyst meeting. So I would ask anybody who has questions on Q1 or ultimately 2010 
models to wait until that Analyst meeting. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Okay, now just in terms of the timing for 28-nanometer without necessarily giving the R&D 
numbers, when should we expect that to become a program that you will start to escalate your development of? 


<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: You're seeing actually the 28-nanometer 
spend this year. Because Altera is doing a number of tests chips this year, you'll see 28-nanometer spend next year and 
then continuing with product rollouts through 2011. So I think ultimately we do have even in this year a 28-nanometer 
spend. While we do not anticipate at this time going through a 2011 forecast, we certainly will give you a good 
indication as to where we think we will be for full-year 2010, as well as some rough guidance on a quarterly cut of the 
expenses in the November meeting. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Sure. Okay, let me just ask a question about Industrial. We've seen sequential growth in this segment 
I think probably for the first time in awhile. And I think you mentioned that most of it is coming from the smaller 
customers. The big customers were flat. What is your sense as to the sustainability of this industrial recovery? That's 
essentially very helpful for your gross margins, so where is it coming from? How sustainable is it? And also while 
you're answering that, if you can tell me generally how much visibility you're getting down? I mean your book-to-bill is 
very high, your backlog coverage is also quite high. So are we going to extrapolate it into visibility more into Q1, into 
Q2 as well? So if you can just give us answers [inaudible] it would be very helpful. Thank you. 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: So to start with the end point, our 
backlog generally is still for the most part within a quarter. So I would say most of our backlog that we have today is 
still for Q4. Historically, if you look at the last five years, I'd say we've operated in a turns environment with a number 
in the high-50s, the low 60s. As we mentioned, this quarter we're expecting to be in the mid-40s. So ultimately you can 
sort of do the math I think and ultimately understand how much more backlog that we're covering or carrying this 
quarter. 

But again most of it is still very short term. It's – say, most of it is within 90, certainly within 120 days in terms of the 
backlog coverage, which is ultimately why in this or any environment, we'll continue to just provide a one quarter 
update, since we do not have much visibility beyond that. 

In terms of the industrial base, we are seeing a return. I think for all of the reasons that I mentioned earlier, we're seeing 
some end strength in some markets for some higher orders from our customers, end customers. We're seeing inventory 
depletion where some of these customers have worked through the inventory they have on hand, and now they are back 
to ordering at more of a normalized take rate. We also have in some cases obviously new program ramps where we've 
been very successful designing our newer products into these fields where perhaps we didn't have business in the past. 
So ultimately we would expect Industrial to grow again this quarter quite strongly. Exactly where it goes from there, I 
really can't give you a projection at this point. 

In looking at the number of customers that are ordering product from us today, it's still down over where it was a year 
ago in this broad base of customers. So probably part of what we're seeing is still a return of some customers depleting 
inventory and are returning to some orders. But again too hard to provide any visibility beyond this calendar quarter. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Okay, great. Thank you very much. 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you very much, Uche. Next 
question please. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Chris Danely with J.P. Morgan. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: Hey, John, first a clarification then a question. You said that your lead times are definitely 
not lengthening. Where have you or what products have you seen lead times lengthen on? 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: Chris, it's not a product-specific – In any 
quarter we may have one package die combination or some of them in any given family that customers may come in 
and go for or order some un-forecasted amount that overruns the inventory that we may have on hand or ultimately the 
distributor partners that we have had on hand. It happens every quarter. Specifically which ones, I don't know because 


this isn't a product-specific. This is just more of a die package combination, if it occurs. Generally I'd say our lead times 
are very normal at this time. 

Ultimately, I guess the questions – I've seen some comments about double ordering and things of that nature in the past. 
We've never seen that activity in the past from Altera. Even at times where our lead times have gone out on products or 
were on allocation, we've never seen double ordering activity out of our customer base. And we certainly don't think 
that there is any today. Additionally, customers are very shy, averse to putting inventory in place. So we don't think that 
the increase is anybody trying to establish a stalking position really. It really is just because they need the product 
because they have higher demand. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: Sure. And then as my follow-up, can you just I guess run through your end markets and 
maybe give us your take on where we still have an appreciable amount of inventory replenishment to go? And then are 
there any end markets where you think that the inventory has gotten back to a normal level yet? 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: That's a good question, Chris. To be 
honest, I really can't answer that. At our larger accounts, we think for the most part they are ordering at a rate that 
probably matches their end demand for the most part. The smaller customers, there are simply too many of them for us 
to have contact directly with. And so we really do not have a good feel, other than the number of customers purchasing 
from us today is significantly below those purchasing a year ago in the broad market. It is increasing last quarter; it is 
increasing again this quarter, which tells us that some of those customers are depleting inventory and returning to 
purchase. Exactly when that ends, I really can't give you any data on. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: Okay, thanks a lot. 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you very much, Chris. Next 
question please. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Tim Luke with Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Thanks. John, in talking about [inaudible] China being better, and you talked about how you got 
stronger at the end of the third quarter. Is that the primary sort of driver in the fourth quarter? You also mentioned 
Japan and the U.S. And then you also talked about Networking, which is [inaudible] remained strong in the third 
quarter. Could you just go into a bit more detail at to why it's lower in the fourth and what's happening in the server 
area for you as well? Thanks. 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: So, Tim, on the Networking and Server 
side, we saw very, very strong growth. Both of those segments were up double digits, and again if you go back and 
look at the Storage, Server & Networking, it's really – first of all in that category, Networking I would say is the 
largest, and then Computer is number two, Computer including multifunction printers. That segment increased 27% 
sequentially in Q3. We do have some programs who bought in Q3 that are not going to purchase in Q4. Some of them 
were new program ramps where the customers bought in ahead in order to move product into the channel, and so 
therefore they take a pause. We hope to see resumed growth in those segments in calendar quarter Q1. Obviously too 
early to call. 

Telecom & Wireless, I think China will be up in Q4, is our anticipation. But probably we will see some of the other 
markets up perhaps more and drive some more of the stronger growth that we expect out of Telecom & Wireless. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: And just to go back to your commentary on your turns, can you just clarify – clearly you're saying 
your lead times aren't changed very much. 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: Correct. 


<Q - Tim Luke>: But the customer's lead times are changing, and therefore your backlog's gone up. You just have a 
lot more visibility, or how should we think about that? 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: So in cases where the semiconductor 
industry, if you get enough companies that start extending lead times – and there are several today across some of the 
commodity segments, as well as analog that have – what customers will do is they'll look at the complete bill of 
materials of the system. And they'll extend backlog coverage for all of the components that are in that system, including 
those that are not on allocation or those that have not seen lead times extend. And I think that's ultimately why we're 
seeing some more visibility – is some of the larger customers are pipelining some material. 

Also the Military segment tends to be a segment where customers pipeline a little bit longer than your average 
commercial customer, and Military is becoming a larger proportion of our business. So that's driving turns to be lower 
in the near term. 

I would say ultimately long-term I expect our turns to return to the sort of high 50s, low 60s level. And ultimately if 
you look at it, even though we've seen longer backlog extension, we have not seen any cancellations, push-outs, 
pull-ins, changes so that's a good indication that customers are putting inventory in place that they really want the 
product. And it's not that they're speculating; they want it. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: When was the last time that you saw a 40% turns level, John? And is it something that you think is 
just a couple of quarters and then it gets back? 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: I don't know that we've ever seen a turns 
level this low. I think probably during the days that we were on allocation because of substrates, we probably got into 
the – I would bet the high 40s. That was probably about two years ago that that occurred, just kind of as an indication, I 
think just as a guess. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Thank you so much, guys. 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you very much, Tim. Next 
question please. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Yes, hi. Armen Poghosyan for John Pitzer. Could I ask you a little bit about the progress on the 
Stratix IV 40-nanometer in general, and how that helps you relative to market share gains in new products category? 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. I think if you look at our 
40-nanometer, we're shipping product in our Stratix GX, Stratix E, Stratix GT, and Arria GX families today. So we've 
now got a broad product offering shipping. We're in volume production of these devices. This is the fastest revenue 
ramp that we've ever had of an FPGA product. I think quite honestly it's probably the fastest the industry has ever seen 
from first initial silicon shipment or even for software shipment. 

Today and so far, we've been in the market by ourselves, which has allowed us to establish a leadership position. We 
think that as the competition, probably late this year or next year, starts to ship product, there will be lasting reasons 
why we will continue to win product in terms of superior software performance, transceivers, speeds that are higher, 
lower power consumption, higher density, higher performance. So we think we have a number of lasting technical 
advantages over our competition, which will allow us to continue to win. All told, our expectation is we should be able 
to win 60 to 70% market share in this node of high-end FPGAs. I think we're well onto doing that. 

I would also point out, as I was asked earlier by Uche, I mean, ultimately, if you think about the PLD industry, we 
introduce new products every two to 2.5 years. We introduced our 40-nanometer FPGAs in May of last year. So we're 
due to see 28-nanometer come next year. So the window is closing on 40-nanometer designs, and clearly this is a node 


that we've had an advantage. 

Overall, our market share in FPGAs is only about 37%. So winning 60 to 70% market share in any node and any given 
family should only contribute to an increase in market share for Altera in the years to come. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Thank you. 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you very much. Next question, 
please. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to David Wong with Wells Fargo Securities. 

<Q - David Wong>: Thanks very much. Just to clarify your comment about lead times, when you said lead times were 
stretching, you're talking about your lead times for delivery to your customers, right? You're not referring to the lead 
times for wafers from your foundry. Are you seeing the wafers – that the time taken for wafers to get through a foundry 
go up at all? 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, David, when I mentioned lead 
times, that's our lead times to our end customers. If you look at the inventory that we have on hand, the amount of 
inventory that we have in distribution, it's roughly about the same as it's been for a while. So we've got a good ample 
supply currently. That's why we mentioned that our lead times, even in the face of a very significant increase in our 
business, are remaining very stable. 

Additionally, to your other point, our lead times – so the lead times that Altera gets from its supply base have not 
changed. So whether it's wafer supply, package supply or package and assembly services, all of those lead times remain 
normal and steady for us. So that's ultimately again why we believe that the extra backlog is really in reaction to 
lengthening lead times of other companies, not ours. 

<Q - David Wong>: But will you need to make some plans for your own inventory to compensate for potentially wafer 
lead times stretching out if utilizations rise? 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: No, even in times where the business in 
the industry has expanded very quickly, Altera has been able to secure very stable and short lead times from our supply 
base. In other words in times of allocation, in times where the industry is very tight on capacity, we have not seen any 
lead time changes or shifts from our supplier base. That's why Altera, if you look at us over the last three years, has 
been able to maintain pretty steadily about three to 3.5 months supply on hand between ourselves and distribution, 
whether it's an up market or a down market. And I think again that statistic speaks to the fact that we have very tight, 
strong relationships with our supply base, and they do take care of us. 

<Q - David Wong>: Great, thanks very much. 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you very much, David. Next 
question, please. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to David Wu with JC (sic) [GC] Research. 

<Q - David Wu>: Yes, John, can you talk about what is the magnitude of the diff – I mean, the large – when you talk 
about large customers, small customers, what's the relative size of the two buckets? And I've got a question also on 
another thing. 


<A - James W. Callas, Acting Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance, and Corporate Controller>: Hi, 
this is Jim. Our largest customers, we have roughly 150 customers in that bucket, and they make up about 75% of our 
overall revenues. Does that answer your question? 

<Q - David Wu>: Yeah. In terms of industrials and industrial customers, do those fit into just the other bucket, the 
25% of the bucket where ASP is better and gross margin is better? 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: So, some of the industrial accounts are 
actually within the top 150 that Jim mentioned. So, you get companies like Siemens, General Electric, many others that 
have industrial product lines that will appear in the top accounts. But the long tail of the company, if you look at it – we 
service roughly 14, 15, 16,000 customers – a lot of that tail of the customer base does fall in the Industrial segment. 

<Q - David Wu>: Oh, I see. So, that's where your customer mix and product mix go hand-in-hand in terms of gross 
margin for you? 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, correct. I mean, the reason – as 
we've mentioned before, if you take Consumer, Consumer tends to have the – on average lowest gross margins in the 
company. If you think of Consumer, it tends to be a very concentrated industry, very high volumes, so they tend to be 
lower priced. If you think of the Industrial segment and it's extremely fragmented, lots of small customers. They tend to 
order in very low volume. Therefore the prices are higher, and that's why you would see the margins swing for any 
given product. 

<Q - David Wu>: Okay. John, I was looking at your numbers, your guidance for next quarter. If your guidance is 
correct, you're essentially talking about flat revenues year-over-year. And I was wondering if I look at flat revenues, 
year-over-year, do you think your customers' revenues would actually be flat also on a year-to-year basis? 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: It is difficult, David, for us to do the 
math on that because we have so many customers that make up that tail. Clearly, I think if you look at the 
semiconductor industry, the shipment rate of the semiconductor industry on average has been below that of our end 
customers. I think that is because there has been work to deplete inventory. But what the exact level would be where 
we would be even with the take rate of our customer base is difficult to measure, particularly when you add new 
programs continuously. 

So in any given month, in any given quarter, our ship rate could be higher simply because we have a new program that 
ramps with a major customer. So, very difficult to sift through all of the data in order to be able to come up with 
anything specific there. I think if you look at our revenue this year even with midpoint in guidance, David, our revenue 
will still be down this year, so... 

<Q - David Wu>: Yes. 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. 

<Q - David Wu>: Yes, around mid-teens. 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. 

<Q - David Wu>: So that seems to be roughly in line with the customer end market decline. 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: Very difficult for us to... 

<Q - David Wu>: I was just... 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: Very difficult for us to tell, considering 
how many customers that we service. 

<Q - David Wu>: Yeah, I was thinking whether I should count on any more inventory replenishment as we exit fourth 
quarter or is that pretty much it? 


<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, as I mentioned, when Chris asked a 
question, I really can't tell you today because we don't have enough visibility into that to know. We don't expect that 
anybody today is acquiring any new inventory. Whether it ends this quarter, whether it ends next, I really couldn't tell 
you exactly when. So, David, thank you very much. 

<Q - David Wu>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: Next question please. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Ruben Roy with Pacific Crest Securities. 

<Q - Ruben Roy>: Hi, thanks. John, a couple of questions. First on the Telecom commentary around Asia and the 
pickup late in Q3 and then continuation into Q4, can you just talk about the technology there? Was it 2G, 3G, a mixture 
of both, any detail please? 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, we expect it will be 2G, 3G, and 
also some in the Telecom side. 

<Q - Ruben Roy>: Okay, thanks. And then any commentary around the MIPS licensing, any commentary around 
historically your use of soft processor cores and kind of what your goals with the MIPS, licensing the MIPS 
architecture are, and when we might expect some Altera product with MIPS core to hit the market? 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, Ruben, this is John again. The MIPS 
license, I would say really is a non-event. So I wouldn't read into that that there's any significant change of product 
plans or anything new or different that we're doing, or that you should expect from Altera. 

<Q - Ruben Roy>: Got it. Thanks, John. 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: All right, thank you very much, Ruben. 
Next question please. 

Operator 

And we will go next to Glen Yeung with Citi. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Thanks. John, if you were to look at your revenue today, they're still actually down 20% 
year-on-year. I wonder if you'd look at that and if you could tell us which end markets have performed better than that 
over the last four quarters and which ones have performed worse than that. And then sort of the subtext here is when 
you look at your businesses now, where do you think you can see the biggest recovery? 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, Glen, I think the second part of 
your question is you're asking me to sort of give an indication as to what our revenues by vertical market are going to 
be next year, and I really am not in a position to do that. As we have said historically and as we will continue to do, 
we'll give one quarter guidance on revenue. Really there's very little visibility, and there always has been. Very difficult 
for us to project beyond one quarter. 

If you look at our segments, all of them are down. Ultimately I think Telecom & Wireless on a year-over-year basis has 
done a little bit better because we saw strong China builds in the first half of the year late last year. Ultimately that 
statistic probably gets a little worse perhaps this quarter. The other ones Industrial, Military & Automotive, obviously 
we're expecting strong growth out of that this quarter. Networking, Computers, Storage, a little bit more down. 

I would say long-term not one-year forecast, but a long-term forecast, we expect strong growth to continue at out of 
Communications. So that would be Telecom, Wireless as well as Networking. And the reason behind that is, as I 


mentioned, the strong three-to-five-year cycle associated with builds from LTE upcoming, as well as 3G in the United 
States, LTE upcoming in Japan, 2 and 3G in India, and 2 and 3G as well as backhaul infrastructure in China. And you 
can add backhaul infrastructure also in India. So, I think we're in for a strong Communications cycle. Industrial, simply 
because there's a lot of ASIC replacement, potential and Industrial, and we're seeing a lot of strong design wins there. 
In the Military side where, number one, Altera is far behind on a competition in terms of market share, and, number 
two, we're just seeing a lot of new PLD applications and things like secure communications, as well as traditional areas 
like RADAR. So those three areas we expect to have the strongest long-term growth of the market segments that we do 
have. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Okay, thanks, John. That's helpful. And the follow-up is, if we kind of take a shorter-term view 
just looking to Q4, are there any areas where you can see in Q4 that you're actually gaining share relative to your 
competition? Or is it just too hard to tell in that short-term basis? 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: Glen, it is very difficult for us to tell on a 
short-term basis. You can have – you really need to measure it I think on a several-quarter basis to see what the overall 
trend is. Generally, I would say we would expect to do very well in Telecom & Wireless. I think we're doing very well 
in Military. I think our competition's probably over time done better in Consumer. I couldn't even comment about some 
of the other markets. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Okay. All right, thanks, John. 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: All right, thank you very much, Glen. 
Next question, please. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Brendan Furlong with Miller Tabak. 

<Q - Brendan Furlong>: Thanks for squeezing me in. Quick question on – there's been a lot of negative chatter out 
there about the double ordering scenario in the industry. I know you said your customer take rate is up on inventory 
depletion, and it's hard to tell where the customer [inaudible] stands because there are so many customers. But on your 
larger customer segment, do you have any sense of what the inventory situation is? It has been particularly low for the 
last quarter. 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, I would say, as I mentioned earlier, 
Brendan, that the major customers, as well as contract manufacturers have attempted to reduce as much inventory as 
possible. And generally, the inventory that we see out there is at this point very low. I would say in the broader account 
area, particularly probably the Industrial segment, where the correction was very fast and very hard, those customers 
did have in some cases end systems or WIP that they needed to deplete and have them working through that. And part 
of what we've seen in terms of an increase in demand in Q3 and part of the increase in demand in Q4 as well has been 
the fact that they've depleted inventory, or are depleting inventory. Generally, the top customers, generally the large 
contract manufacturers are all very, very lean at this point. 

<Q - Brendan Furlong>: Great, that's perfect. The other question I have is on the Other segment of your business. We 
talked about all the other segments, but the Other was up nicely this quarter. Any color there that you can give, that 
would be great. Thank you very much. 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, we did see actually Consumer up, 
which you would expect because of the seasonality or seasonal increase in Q3 associated with Consumer. We also saw 
the Medical and Test markets were up. Some of that is because they've seen some increase in demand. Some of that is, 
as I mentioned earlier, inventory depletion or new program ramps. This quarter, as we mentioned, we don't expect the 
Other market to really do much. I would say in particular no market really differentiates or sub-market differentiates 
itself within that. They probably all are roughly about flat this quarter. 


<Q - Brendan Furlong>: Thank you very much. That's it for me. 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. Next question, please. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: Thanks, John. Just going over your commentary on the segment trend, is it fair to say that 
the dollar growth coming quarter-over-quarter in Q4 is coming primarily from Defense and Industrial? 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: No, we do expect, as I mentioned earlier, 
that Telecom & Wireless will be up sequentially, and Automotive will be up sequentially. So, I would say it's probably 
a combination of those five sub-markets. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: Is the Telecom, Wireless will be up in line with overall or below the overall growth rate? 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: We don't provide that sort of detail, but it 
will be up, and it is our largest segment. So, it certainly is going to contribute to revenue growth this quarter. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: And just one more quickly, which end market is getting help from 40-nanometer traction? 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: We're actually doing very well in 
40-nanometer across most of our end markets. So, in terms of the business today that we were shipping, well, let's just 
take last quarter – the business that we shipped: Telecom, Wireless, Industrial, Military, Computer, Networking. So, I 
think it's fairly broad-based across the infrastructure space, which you would expect to see out of that sort of class of 
product. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: Okay, thanks a lot. 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you very much. Next question, 
please. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. And we'll go next to Mike [inaudible] with Raymond James. 

<Q>: Hi, and thanks for taking the question. I was just wondering what specifically happened to yields in the quarter? 
And is it at all related to 40-nanometer? 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: Yields, if you go back in time, we 
mentioned the prior quarter in calendar quarter Q2 that yields on 65-nanometer were getting – had substantially 
improved. We generally see in any quarter we continue to make progress on yields on most of the families that would 
be in our new product category, as well as some that are even in our mainstream product category. This quarter, we saw 
some significant improvements in 40-nanometer yield, as well as the improvements that we've seen on some of the 
other products. 

As has been talked about in the industry, 40-nanometer has been a very difficult node. I think because we've added 
some new materials in particularly, Altera has been differentiated from many of the other companies manufacturing 
with 40-nanometer in that we have been able to yield and deliver substantial amounts of products where others have 
struggled a little bit. 

I think that's a combination of the fact that we worked with TSMC, which is certainly the world's leading foundry and 
technology supplier within the foundry industry, and a very good partner of ours; has to do with the fact that Altera 
uses its own design rules and has its own yield enhancement group. The fact that we do a large number of test chips in 


order to do model extraction and rule extraction certainly helps, as well as some of the structures within an FPGA, I 
think certainly eliminates some of the problems that some other companies have encountered. So we've been able to 
ship products, yields are getting really good, and we're really excited about the ramp of 40-nanometer. 

<Q>: All right, thank you very much. 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you very much. 

<Q>: And just one quick follow-up question. I know that you may have mentioned that there was no double ordering of 
products. So potentially there is at the box system level, just do you have any comment on why that may be? 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: I have no visibility into whether our end 
customers are getting double ordering. I haven't heard of that. And in discussions with the major customers, the orders 
that they have certainly are for orders that they have from their end customers. And again none of them are trying to, or 
have any intent on trying to, establish inventory positions simply because of the low visibility that they have 
themselves. 

The reason I said that I don't believe that we have any double ordering is because our lead times are very short and 
stable, and we've certainly created no incentive for anybody to feel that they have to add additional orders. And again 
in our discussion with the large customers and contract manufacturers, the product that's being built really is for end 
shipment this quarter. 

<Q>: Thank you very much. 

<A - John P. Daane, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you very much, Mike. Next 
question, please. 

Operator 

And at this time, there are no further questions. I'd like to turn the call back to you, Mr. Wylie, for any additional 
remarks. 

Scott Wylie, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Great, thank you, operator. And as we wrap up today, once again we do hope to see you in New York on November 18. 
This concludes Altera's earnings conference call. Thanks for your interest and participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


