Q3 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Scott Wylie, Vice President, Investor Relations 
• Ronald J. Pasek, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer 
• John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman 
Other Participants 

• Uche Orji 
• James Schneider 
• Srini Pajjuri 
• Shawn Webster 
• Glen Yeung 
• Christopher Danely 
• Tristan Gerra 
• John Pitzer 
• Hans Mosesmann 
• Ambrish Srivastava 
• Mahesh Sanganeria 
• Auguste Richard 
• Daniel Berenbaum 
• Apurva Patel 
• David Wong 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Altera Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Results Conference Call. Today's call is 
being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Wylie, Vice President of Investor Relations 
for Altera Corporation. Please go ahead, sir. 

Scott Wylie, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Good afternoon. Thank you for joining this conference call, which will be available for replay telephonically and on 
Altera's web site shortly after we conclude this afternoon. To listen to the webcast replay, please visit Altera's Investor 
Relations web page, where you'll find complete instructions. The telephone replay will be available at (719) 457-0820. 
Use code 258712. 

During today's prepared remarks, we will be making some forward-looking statements. In addition, management may 
make additional forward-looking statements in response to questions. In light of the Private Securities Litigation 
Reform Act, I would like to remind you that these statements must be considered in conjunction with the cautionary 
warnings that appear in our SEC filings. Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements in this call involve 
risks and uncertainty, and that future events may differ from the statements made. For additional information, please 
refer to the company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are posted on our web site or available from 


the company without charge. 

With me today are John Daane, our CEO, and Ron Pasek, Chief Financial Officer. Ron will open the call with a 
financial overview before turning the call over to John. After John concludes his remarks, we will take your questions. 
Prior to the Q&A session, the operator will be giving instructions on how you can access the conference call with your 
questions. 

I would now like to turn the call over to Ron. 

Ronald J. Pasek, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Scott, and good afternoon, everyone. My commentary will cover our results for the third quarter as well as 
guidance for Q4. 

Revenue for the third quarter 2010 was a record $527.5 million, a sequential increase of 12% and in line with our 
updated guidance. Similar to Q2, our Q3 results showed growth in all vertical markets in all geographies, although 
Europe showed only a slight increase. Our large and small customer segments both grew sequentially, with the highest 
growth coming from some of our very largest customers. On the products side, both new and mainstream categories 
grew, while mature was essentially flat. 

Q3 turns were in the mid-20s, which is slightly higher than our Q3 guidance, but is a reflection of our higher revenue 
result for the quarter. Book-to-bill for the quarter was above 1, although not as robust as the past several quarters. 
Through the course of Q3, foundry capacity improved, which allowed some of our lead times to shorten. As a result, 
we are slowly catching up to demand by shipping at an accelerated rate. So although book-to-bill was greater than 1 for 
the quarter, it was slightly less than 1 for September. Again, this is a function of record September monthly revenue 
rather than a change in underlying demand. Our underlying bookings rate continues to be quite strong and steady, with 
little change over the past six months. Our Q4 quarter date book-to-bill is essentially flat. We are seeing a similar 
dynamic so far this quarter. 

Keep in mind, we do not expect lead times for most products to completely return to normal until late in Q4, with the 
exception of 40- and 65-nanometer, which should recover to normal early next year. 

Gross margin for Q3 was 70.1%, 1.6 points lower than the second quarter, but consistent with our guidance. The 
margin degradation was a combination of some unfavorable vertical mix, as well as some unfavorable large customer 
mix. Operating expenses for the quarter were 131 million, and operating margin for the quarter was 45.2%. 

Our Q3 effective tax rate was 8%, the results of some favorable discrete items. 

Net income for the quarter was $219 million, or $0.69 per diluted share. 

On the balance sheet, cash and investment balances increased to 2.4 billion. Cash flow from operating activities was 
268 million for the quarter. The cash conversion cycle for Q3 was 68 days, 12 days less than Q2's 80 days. DSO and 
inventory decreased, while payables grew slightly. Again, our accounts receivable aging continues to remain quite 
healthy. 

Altera inventory increased 8% on a dollars basis, but decreased on a months supply on hand basis. Pipeline months 
supply on hand dropped to 2.9 months, and is comprised of 2.1 months of Altera inventory and 0.8 months of 
distributor inventory. 

Moving to guidance for the fourth quarter, we expect to see revenue growth in the range of 3% to 6% sequentially. 
Fourth quarter turns look to be in the mid 20s. Gross margin will be roughly flat to Q3, between 70% and 71%. We 
think R&D and SG&A spending will be slightly lower than the third quarter, as we have fully accrued the corporate 
bonus through Q3. Q4 R&D will be 65 to 66 million, and SG&A in the range of 61 to 62 million. 


Our core tax rate will be 11% to 13%. As always, there can be discrete items in any given quarter that add or subtract 
from this rate. This guidance assumes there is no U.S. R&D tax credit. 

With our rising share price, fully-diluted share count will be approximately 319 million shares in Q4. 

With respect to inventory, we are planning to end Q4 with pipeline months supply in hand in the low to mid 3s, a slight 
increase from Q3 FY '10. 

Before turning the call over to John, let me share my thinking with you about near-term sales dynamics for Altera. In 
conversations with many you on the line today, I know that you're all, to one degree or another, trying to figure out 
what the transition looks like as we move from a period of hyper growth to something that is a more normal growth 
rate. First, let me re-emphasize that our belief in Altera's ability to outgrow the semi industry has not changed, nor has 
our belief in the increasing attractiveness of FPGAs versus ASICs. 

If you think about the math behind exiting a supply-constrained world to a more normal one, metrics like book-to-bill 
will temporarily carry less meaning as customers return to a more turns-reliance ordering pattern. Assuming a static end 
demand picture, as we go through this transition, if customers have built unreasonable levels of inventory, they will 
correct down to the right level. Is this going to happen to us? Inventories – history says that it may, but our customers 
tell us repeatedly that they are not intentionally carrying unreasonable amounts of inventory. Could their view change? 
Of course. Will it? One can't tell. Nonetheless, we continue to incorporate a view that there may have been some 
inventory accumulation as we both plan internally and communicate our outlook to you. 

Once again, given the long-term secular trends that are propelling us forward, we think Altera is well positioned to do 
better than the semi industry during both the short and long term. 

Turning to next year for a moment, we will issue 2011 guidance on November 29th at the same time we provide our 
mid-quarter update. The relevant information will be included in the after-the-close press release. Given the amount of 
information we will be providing in the release, we're taking the extra step to host a public conference call that same 
afternoon. Access information for that call will be provided later in the quarter. 

Now, with further comments about Q3, let me turn the call over to John. 

John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman 

Thank you, Ron. We are very pleased that Altera achieved record revenue in the third quarter. We have continued to 
outgrow the semiconductor and PLD industries as a result of product momentum across our end markets, combined 
with growth from communications infrastructure deployments in China, India, and the U.S. 

In Q3, our new products increased 24% sequentially, 211% year over year, and represented 44% of total company 
revenue. Stratix IV was up 41% sequentially, Cyclone III 35%, Arria II 178%, and MAX II 9%. Stratix III declined 
9%. Cyclone IV was just under $1 million in the quarter. 40-nanometer products were 13% of total revenues, up from 
10% in the prior quarter. 

Following on from our success in 40-nanometer, the 28-nanometer product development continues on schedule. We 
broadly released Stratix V design support in Quartus II in July. In the third quarter, we demonstrated to over 200 
customers our 28-nanometer silicon 25-gigabit per second transceiver. This has opened the eyes of many high-end 
ASIC designers as to what can be accomplished with Altera's industry-leading FPGAs. 

We also recently introduced our embedded initiative, with our Qsys system integration tool, our FPGA IP library, the 
Altera Nios II Arm Cortex-A9 MP core, and MIPS Technologies' MIPS 32 embedded processor offerings, and also 
supporting the recently announced configurable Intel Atom processor that includes an Altera FPGA in a multi-chip 
package. The importance of this announcement is that we have two markets for Altera to continue to expand. 

First, customers can utilize the FPGA fabric to instantiate peripherals and accelerators to design custom microprocessor 
solutions in an era where there are fewer standard product options due to the increasing design costs in advanced 


process nodes. Second, with the density of our 40-nanometer and 28-nanometer high-end FPGAs, this initiative opens 
the system-on-a-chip ASIC market where customers routinely integrate microprocessors as a block in their system. 

The embedded market was close to $8 billion last year, and is forecasted to grow faster than the semiconductor 
industry. With approximately 30% of our customer designs integrating Nios II today, we have solid traction in the 
embedded market, and expect this to accelerate with our broad microprocessor architecture support. 

By market for Q3, telecom and wireless increased 23% sequentially, with each market up double digits. 
Industrial/military/automotive grew 5%, computer/storage/networking increased 13%, and other grew 2%. With the 
exception of automotive and consumer, each sub-market grew sequentially. 

For Q4, we are forecasting a 3% to 6% sequential increase. Telecom/wireless should increase due to continued wireless 
growth. Networking/computer/storage should increase, driven by networking. The automotive/industrial/military, and 
the other market, should be flat to slightly down. As we have discussed in prior quarters, we assume there is a 
component of customer inventory accumulation and have taken this into account in our forecast. 

In summary, our new product momentum is driving strong revenue growth and market share increase. In particular, we 
are benefiting from the tipping point where our latest generations of FPGAs are several process nodes ahead of 
mainstream ASIC and ASSP design for the infrastructure markets, providing a cost-effective replacement technology. 
With a tipping point, our content continues to increase from generation to generation of many system products, 
enabling Altera to outgrow the semiconductor industry and our end customers. 

Now let me turn the call back to Scott. 

Scott Wylie, Vice President, Investor Relations 

We would now like to take questions. Please limit your questions to one at a time so that we give as many callers as 
possible the opportunity to ask questions during the call. 

Operator, would you please provide instructions and poll for questions? 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Uche Orji with UBS. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Thank you very much. John, let me just start out by asking you a couple questions on the end 
markets. Any more insights you can give on what's happening in the wireless segment? And particularly, any 
comments you can make as to what you're seeing on India? 

And then, along those lines, as we try to understand your comment about customer accumulations, inventory 
accumulation, is there any metrics you're looking at to lead you to conclude that? And any insight as to what segments 
you may be seeing inventory accumulate at the customers? 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: Okay, Uche, this is John Daane. So 
wireless was up in the third calendar quarter, along with the telecom segment as well. They were both up double digits. 
We're seeing strength in 2G, 3G, and also microwave backhaul within that segment. We do expect wireless again to 
grow in the fourth calendar quarter. 

Earlier this year, we – out of India, had seen as the – there was some discussion from the Indian government over 
where to purchase end products. There was a delay in 2G purchases. So we saw India earlier this year really slow down 
for any wireless deployment. They did, a quarter ago, complete the 3G auctions. We do believe that most of the debate 
over vendors and equipment is now completed, and we are seeing multiple customers purchase material for both 2G 


and 3G deployments for – in the India market, and would expect that to continue over time. 

From an inventory perspective, we do not have any details as to customers or segments or amount of inventory people 
hold. Generally, as we've said in the past, in any given quarter there are going to be some customers that have too little 
or too much, and there's always inventory adjustments going on. We assume that there is a component of inventory 
build, simply, as we've discussed I think on every call this year, because in times of tight supply, customers do tend to 
try to establish some buffer stock. Not all, but some. 

I think that has been somewhat reduced over the years, simply because we have more customers on VMI, which means 
they pull product when they need it, and ultimately aren't holding inventory. But again, we have to assume that there is 
some out there. We don't know the magnitude, but we do try to take that into account with every forecast, and 
particularly this quarter as well, because, as Ron mentioned, we will have lead times on a bulk of our product returning 
to normal towards the tail end of the quarter. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Sure. And then just one quick follow-up question. If I look at a business model, I know, Ron, you've 
talked about gross margin somewhere in the high 60s, that's kind of how you're managing the business, but we've seen 
consistent gross margins now above 70, and now with operating margins above 45%. Should we assume that this is not 
a new model – not a new normal for the company? Or should we still keep trying to model a decline in gross margins in 
the future? 

<A - Ronald J. Pasek, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. So – fair question. So 
what I'd like to do is save that question for the November 29th call. We'll give a little more guidance on certainly next 
year's business model and perhaps some hints at what we think about – over the long term as well. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: All right. Great. Thank you. 

<A - Scott Wylie, Vice President, Investor Relations>: Thank you very much, Uche. Next question, please. 

Operator 

We'll go next to James Schneider with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. John, it sounds like for Q4, you're not 
expecting wireline telecom to increase. So first of all, is that a correct assumption? 

And then secondly, can you talk about any color you're seeing from customer order patterns relating to wireline 
telecom, either geographically or just types of wireline? 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: Yeah. So when we talk about – just as a 
reminder, when we talk about telecom, it is telecom, and then separately the enterprise networking is in the – combined 
with computer and storage. And networking was up last quarter, and we expect networking, as I mentioned, to grow 
again in Q4. 

Telecom had a very strong growth, up a double-digit percentage in Q3. We're not expecting a lot of growth out of it this 
quarter. Growth in third calendar quarter really came from a transmission orders. Probably all the color I could provide 
at this time, Jim. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Okay. Fair enough. And then as follow up, I still have your competitors in the analog space 
have talked about distributors taking down inventory levels heading into the end of the year. I was wondering what you 
are seeing with respect to your distributors in your small customer base heading into the end of the year with the distis 
channels in particular? 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: Well, so I think first of all, that's 
important to remember, that a lot of the analog companies still recognize revenue when they ship into distributors 
internationally, and would also like to remind everybody that Altera does not recognize revenue until our distributors 


worldwide ship to OEMs or contract manufacturers. So the amount of inventory that a distributor holds really is 
irrelevant from a revenue perspective to us. 

As Ron pointed out in the comments, the distributor inventory that we have right now is low. We have not heard of any 
changes or plans from any of our major distributors as far as our product line goes, and so we're very comfortable at 
this point with the amount of inventory that's in the channel. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Great. Thanks very much. 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: All right. Thank you very much, Jim. 
Next question, please. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Srini Pajjuri with CLSA Securities. 

<Q - Srini Pajjuri>: Thank you. Ron, Just looking at your Q4 guidance, you're assuming 20% – or mid 20% turns. I'm 
just wondering, given that lead times are coming in and book-to-bill is kind of coming down a bit here, I would have 
expected turns business to pick up a bit more. I'm just curious as to why you're only guiding for 20% turns? 

<A - Ronald J. Pasek, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, remember, turns is a 
function of a couple different things: what we see in backlog, and what we expect in orders. So again, our order rate is 
not coming down, near as we can tell, and we can see most of that backlog already on the books. So that's – I'm just – 
we're just calling it like it is. It's what we see right now, and in good shape. 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: This is – I think the function is simple. 
When your lead times expand, customers need to place more backlog obviously to cover the lead time that you have. 
So your book to bill is naturally going to go up. If your lead times come back in, customers will either de-book, or not 
book to replace, because again, they're wanting to minimize their exposure, and therefore, only book to your lead times. 
So ultimately, the book-to-bill will fluctuate during times of lead time change. As Ron pointed out, the underlying 
demand is okay. 

Longer term, we would expect turns probably to go back up, simply because our lead times will compress from, in 
some products, over 20 weeks to eight weeks, and actually, that's a lot less backlog to carry into the quarter. All normal 
things, and we're not surprised or concerned with them at this point. 

<Q - Srini Pajjuri>: Okay. And John, maybe for you. Clearly, China has been relatively strong on the wireless front 
for the past few quarters. And then, as we come to a conclusion of the Phase 4, I'm curious as to what happens next, 
and what your expectations, and what are your customers telling about the demand for wireless component orders out 
of China? 

And then, once India starts to kick in, and obviously you have U.S. and Japan going to 4G as well, could that offset 
whatever the declines, or potential declines, we see out of China? And I'm just wondering how we should think about 
wireless as we head into next year? 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: So I would say, first of all, it's very 
difficult to predict quarter on quarter exactly what is going to happen within any of our segments, simply because our 
customers themselves do not have great visibility. We do believe, in the long term, that communications will continue 
to grow strongly, and I think there are a couple reasons behind that. One, as you point out, you move from China, India, 

U.S. deploying this year, to adding also Japan, going from 2G/3G to LTE or the fourth generation. As we've mentioned 
before, our content with every generation goes up, and so for the same number of boxes, our revenue increases as a 
corporation. And so put together, we feel we actually have a pretty good growth story over the next three to five years, 
difficult to predict in any given quarter. 

Would like to highlight that everybody talks about the fourth generation, which is also – is what China Mobile buys, 
which is TD-SCDMA. Note that that's only one of the three operators. Also note that that's just wireless deployment. 
There is wireline deployment that goes on as well. 

And I'd finally like to note that many of the reports I've seen show the actual CapEx spending of the three Chinese 
operators decreasing this year over last year, and yet you see our revenue expanding. And I think this again goes back 
to highlight the fact that Altera's content has grown significantly within the communications infrastructure, both 
wireline and wireless. And so therefore, we can grow at a faster rate than whatever the industry, or even our customers, 
are doing. 

<Q - Srini Pajjuri>: Thanks, John. 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: All right. Thank you very much. Next 
question, please. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Shawn Webster with Macquarie. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Yeah. Thank you. Can we dig into the gross margin change a little bit more, going from Q2 to 
Q3, separating between the customers and product mix, can you expand on what the drivers were, especially on the 
product mix side? 

<A - Ronald J. Pasek, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. So what I said was, we 
saw vertical mix, which we had mentioned in the guidance for Q3 as well. And also, we saw some large customer mix, 
meaning that our largest customer were buying a disproportionate share of product in the quarter. And as you know our 
largest customers get the best pricing. So those two things contributed to a slight degradation in gross margin for Q3. 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: And again, if you go back and look at our 
business communication segment, telecom/wireless had the strongest growth. Obviously that is made up of some of our 
larger customers. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay. And then on the Intel's Stellarton, the combo Atom with one of your chips on it, can 
you talk about what the business opportunity there is for you? Is this going to help you penetrate new applications, or 
will this be more of a case where you're already in a system with an Intel-based processor and it's just getting more 
closely knit for power considerations or others? 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: So I cannot comment specifically on the 
product for Intel. I think you'd probably have to go talk to them about where they're aiming it or what they're doing 
with it. But from our perspective, we do view this as an additional revenue opportunity. Many of the systems and areas 
for which we understand that they may be targeting it are areas for which we are not currently engaged, and we do view 
this as an incremental business opportunity for us. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Can you share what the new applications are? 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: Unfortunately this is a case where this is 
Intel's product. And so I – they've announced it. They included obviously a quote in a press release that we recently did 
on our embedded initiative, but again, there are more details I think to come, and so I would really not like to say 
anything out of school here. So we'll have to wait for Intel to comment further. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: Thank you very much. Next question, 
please. 


Operator 

We'll go next to Glen Yeung with Citi. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Thank you. John, you mentioned earlier that CapEx in China was down this year and yet your 
revenues were up. I think CapEx in China was down 24% this year, so the delta between what you're seeing and what 
that CapEx is is pretty large. If we were to look into next year and assume that the units, or the equipment sort of 
installations next year were flat versus this year, in that scenario, what's the potential for Altera revenues to grow? 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: So in a – this gets into then a discussion 
of what type of equipment is being deployed, because then the dollars per box can vary. But at a high level, if, on a 
CapEx spending is flat, and there's a tendency towards the newer-generation systems, 3G, 4G, you will tend to see our 
content grow, our revenue grow, simply because we become a much larger bill of materials with every new generation 
of communications equipment that's been deployed. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Is it at all possible to put any numbers around that? 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: It's very hard to, because it depends on 
the operator, it depends on the type of equipment they're shipping, it depends on the configuration. Sometimes they'll 
ship a chassis with only two cards in it instead of eight cards. It also depends on the particular vendor. In some end 
communications companies, we may have more content, some we may have a little bit less than our competition. So 
therefore, it becomes very, very difficult for us to predict exactly what's going to happen year on year. 

But if you do look at the trend line, as you point out, even at times of flat or decreasing CapEx, because if you go back 
for the last couple of years, worldwide CapEx on communications has actually been decreasing, and yet you look at 
Altera, the revenue growth has been very strong. And it simply is because we've become a larger proportion of the bill 
of materials of each new generation system, replacing ASICs and DSPs, and in some cases, ASSPs, and that's allowed 
us to outgrow the customers and show strong growth. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Great. As a follow-up, we've been concentrating on this call on the communications side, but I 
wonder if you could spend some time talking about non-communications businesses, and what you saw – what you 
expect to see for Q4? And then just notionally, I know you don't want to give a lot of details here, but any thoughts you 
may have on 2011, what we might think about in terms of non-communication sales? 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: Sure. So in terms of the other markets, as 
I mentioned, the – we expect networking to grow this quarter, we expect wireless to grow this quarter. The broader 
categories that we had, which were – let me just make sure I get this right. Computer – or excuse me, the – yeah, where 
am I. The automotive/industrial/military and the other markets, we expect to be flat to slightly down. 

Within that, there are a few that are up, there are a few that may be flat, there are a few that are going to be down. The 
only one market I would call out and say is going through a significant change quarter-on-quarter is, again, consumer. 
Consumer was down for us in the third calendar quarter. We expect it to be down in the fourth. And really what we see 
there is a weakening in the flat-panel TV market that's causing the decline for two quarters. And I think that's fairly 
consistent with what you've even heard out of some of the TV manufacturers themselves. 

Ultimately, though, if you look at the rest of the markets, some may be up a little bit, some may be down a little bit, but 
there's not a lot of movement there. In terms of the – yeah, I guess that kind of answers that. 

In terms of next year, difficult to say. As we mentioned, we do think we have a good three to five-year growth cycle in 
communications, simply because of the number of operators around the world that are deploying newer generations of 
equipment. We do think that industrial/military/automotive should continue to grow for us, because of the increasing 
electronics content in these systems, along with the fact that we have a lot of design win momentum in there. We've 
done very well in the 40-nanometer node. I think everybody understands that, and the programmable logic business 
40-nanometer will be the growth driver for the industry for the next several years. So we think we benefit from that. 


And so all told, we don't know exactly what's going to happen by market in 2011. We don't even – can't even pinpoint 
exactly what the company's going to do in 2011, but we do expect that we will outgrow the semiconductor market 
again next year. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Okay. Thanks a lot. 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: Thank you very much, Glen. Next 
question please. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Christopher Danely with JPMorgan. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: Okay. Thanks, guys. John, can you just give us a quick refresher on what lead times are 
normally and where they stretched out to? And then also, when was the last time they got that long? 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: So lead times now will vary by products. 
Some product right now are two weeks. Some product is out as much as 24 weeks. And there's really a mixture in 
between. 

In general, the products that have a longer lead time are for our – in general, the newer process nodes, 0.13 micron, the 
90-nanometer, 65-nanometer, 90-nanometer. As Ron mentioned, we expect, by the tail end of the quarter, to get most 
of the products into the two- to eight-week lead time, with the exception of 65 and 90, or excuse me, 65 and 40. There 
may be a couple other codes in some of the older families also, but predominantly in 65 and 40. And those we expect to 
get caught up by January-February of next year, back again to the sort of a two- to eight-week lead time. 

Last time we had a substantial change in lead times was I think in 2008, which was the period of time where sub-straits 
became short in the industry. So I want to say this was Q2, Q3 of 2008 as a period of time. Before that, I can't really 
remember off the top of my head, Chris. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: No problem. And then as my follow-up, so you guys are releasing the details of the 
28-nanometer, and I guess I'm just trying to compare you versus your competitor. It sounds like I guess a similar type 
of schedule in terms of software introduction and sampling? Do you think that that's accurate? And then when can we 
expect more details on further 28-nanometer sampling? 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: Yeah. So we've announced, Chris, the 
Stratix V family, and I've said that we will ship our first units in first calendar quarter. Our software is out, broadly 
introduced. I think that was well ahead of the competitor who I think just recently introduced their software broadly. 
And I think, I don't have that confirmed. So I think we've been ahead in software, as we have been for certainly 
40-nanometer. 

And then in terms of other products that we will introduce, clearly there will be more. We'll talk about that in the 
future. Don't have any updates or any specifics to give there. I think we'll be well positioned within the 28-nanometer 
technology. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: Thanks. 

We clearly have had leadership in transceivers. We've had leadership in power and performance. We have leadership in 
software, in terms of things like compile times, performance, features. So again, I think pretty broadly we're going to be 
very well set up to continue the momentum that we've established in 40. 

Thank you very much, Chris. Next question please. 

Operator 


We go next to Tristan Gerra with Robert Baird. 

<Q - Tristan Gerra>: Hi, good afternoon. One of your charts that you've shown to people earlier this year shows that 
over 50% of total ASICS are at 130-nanometer or higher, which infers that at 40-nanometer, you're capturing 50% plus 
of all ASICs. What would those numbers be at 28-nanometer, if you have the numbers yet? 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: So, Tristan, this is John Daane. I think 
the chart that you're referring to is a Gartner chart, which lists – they've done design starts by process node of ASICs. 
And what you find is, I think because of the accelerating costs of design and new process nodes, many companies have 
tried to utilize old processes like 130-nanometer as long as possible. The downside of that is obviously when you have 
these high-speed, serial I/O that are now being regulatory introduced as standards in the industry, combined with 
high-speed memories and things like DDR3 for DRAMs, the old process technology simply can't keep up. 

Additionally, the 130-nanometer node is not getting any cheaper. There's no cost reductions left, so it's not offering the 
cost reduction capability for many of these system companies. Doesn't mean that we're capturing 50%. What it really 
means is it's opening up a significant portion of that market for us to replace, because customers either need the 
high-speed technology that we now offer in FPGAs, or they need the cost-reduction potential that only the new process 
nodes can offer, which comes with FPGAs because we're on that. 

The ASIC market is I think about $24 billion. We think, if you carve that up and really look at the applications that we 
can service, taking out things like handsets, game platforms, which are either power-sensitive, cost-sensitive, or even 
applications where analog is integrated, there's still a $10 billion opportunity for the programmable logic market to go 
address. And if you look at the PLD industry, it's – it will be under – sub-5 billion, so there's still a long way to go. 

And then additionally, as we talked about, the same dynamic also impacts the ASSP industry. They simply can't afford 
to develop many products for the infrastructure space, because the R&D spend is high, and if the volume's not there, 
you simply can't get the payback for that investment. So by adding intellectual property blocks on top of our FPGAs, 
through either our own development or partners' development, we can address ASSPs and replace those. And then 
additionally, we have things like the embedded initiative, which also allow us to play in the microprocessor space, or 
the integrated DSP capability that's allowed us to replace DSPs. 

So we think, all totaled, we really have a huge opportunity in front of us, something of the order of $30 billion. And 
even with a small fraction of that obviously, we can continue to grow very well in the coming years. 

<Q - Tristan Gerra>: Great. And then a quick follow-up. If you could give us a reminder of your breakdown within 
consumer? And percentage of TVs in that segment? 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: I don't know, Tristan, of the percentage 
of TVs in the consumer business, and the consumer business is only a few percent of our revenue. 

<A - Ronald J. Pasek, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: It's very small. 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: So it's not a significant driver one way or 
the other. 

<Q - Tristan Gerra>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: Thank you very much. Next question, 
please. 

Operator 

We'll go next to John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Yeah, good afternoon, guys, and congratulations. John, in the past, you've kind of given us some 
numbers around the content increase as you move from 2G to kind of 3 and 3.5G for PLDs. I'm kind of curious, when 


you look at the 75% growth in the telecom business since Q3 '08, can you help me understand how much of the spend 
then was going to sort of 3, 3.5, versus today? 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: I do not have that specific breakdown, so 
I'm sorry. I don't have it going back that far. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: And John, is it fair to say, though, that the content increases you guys have talked about 
historically, about 50%. 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: Yeah. Content between 2G to 3G was a 
doubling. Then going to LTE from 2G is a tripling. And then going to the LTE Advanced, which is the 4.5G, will be 
about 350% off of 2G, so – or 4x, excuse me. So you've seen, with every new box, an increase of our content. 

And then of course with every new wireless infrastructure deployment, a couple things have happened. Number one, 
the radios have added intelligence, and so in the – going from the 2G to 3G systems, the radio infrastructure became an 
entirely new market for us. 

Additionally, as we've utilized higher frequencies, the number of radios deployed has gone up to deal with the fact that, 
at higher frequencies, the signals have trouble penetrating buildings. And so that's increased that market from a units 
perspective. And then of course with the increase in data rate, there's needed to be an upgrade of the backhaul network, 
and in some countries that becomes a microwave network, and in some countries it goes from something like DSL to 
PON where they have optical. And so, all of that drives of course a lot of additional deployment and a lot of additional 
revenue opportunity. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: And then, Ron, I don't want to steal too much thunder from the November 29th call, but I guess, as 
I think about ASIC replacement, a lot of that's being driven by you guys being able to provide a cost benefit to your 
customer. And if done properly, you guys should be able to benefit on the gross margin line as well. And so, I would 
think that structurally, gross margins are moving higher. Without kind of quantifying it, is that the right way to think 
about the proposition around ASIC replacement? 

<A - Ronald J. Pasek, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: It's a little more complicated 
than that. There's a lot of other factors that push it down, including the fact that we're obviously in a competitive 
industry. Why don't we save this for November 29th. It's a question that I think we could more appropriately answer 
then. 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: In general, we're managing a portfolio of 
business. As we've mentioned before, the margins do vary by vertical market. And so again, managing a portfolio, 
we've had a 65% long-term target, and long term, that remains our target. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: And if I could sneak one quick one in. John, you guys continue to do a great job generating a lot of 
cash. Can you walk through maybe some of the uses of that cash beyond sort of the current dividend? 

<A - Ronald J. Pasek, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: So this is Ron, I'll take that 
one for John. So I just want to reiterate what we said. We've gotten this question on I think every call this year, which is 
appropriate. So as we've said, we are going to continue to, over time, repurchase shares. We're going to continue over 
time to steadily increase the dividend. And then we look opportunistically at acquisitions, too. And I would say, it's 
probably in that order. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Great. Thanks, guys. 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: Yeah, and by the way, on the acquisition 
front, we've been looking at acquisitions for many years, so there's – nothing has changed there, and again 
predominantly have been using cash for share repurchases and dividends. 

Next question, please. 


Operator 

We'll go next to Hans Mosesmann with Raymond James. 

<Q - Hans Mosesmann>: Thanks. Most of my questions have been answered, but I do have a question about how your 
28-nanometer product portfolio is doing at this stage of the design win dynamic, relative to 40-nanometer. What's 
different? What's the profile of your incremental ASIC designer that is adopting Altera products? 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: So we've done well at 40-nanometer, and 
so that product remains our predominant design win vehicle today. Customers who are adopting 28 are customers that 
are in, for instance, the communications, test, or military segments that are pushing the technology really hard and need 
the advanced features which today are not available within 40-nanometer, predominantly the transceivers, or the 
performance or density of the fabric. And also, in some cases, the fact that we significantly enhanced the DSP block 
capability. 

So product is doing quite well in the marketplace. We think with 40-nanometer, we really established, as shown by the 
revenues, leadership. We expect that we're the incumbent, and we expect to continue that momentum with 28. And 
again, Stratix is one of the products that we will introduce. There will be more that you'll see from us in the future on 
28-nanometer. 

<Q - Hans Mosesmann>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: Thank you, Hans. Next question, please. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Ambrish Srivastava with BMO Capital Markets. 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: Hi. Thanks, guys, and good long-term stuff. Just a question, back on the near term. John, 
you mentioned inventory accumulation, and I guess you can't really pinpoint customers or segments, but I was 
wondering, would you be able to at least tell us if it's within a certain bucket, if I were to use that word, is it that the 
EMS guys, or is it – has it made a way to the OEMs? 

And then I had a follow-up on the long term as well. 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: So we have no indication that anybody is 
purposely holding any inventory or buffer stock. In any given quarter, and this happens good times or bad times, there's 
some companies that order and take receipt and then find out their business didn't materialize, or there are others that 
have business upsides. Most of our customers have less than four-week notification from their end customers, and are 
trying to minimize the inventory that they have. So there's always pull-ins or push-outs in any given quarter, even 
during times of strength. 

Wouldn't say anything has really changed. As Ron said, the book-to-bill is roughly at parity so far this quarter. So we 
have no real indication that any contract manufacturer or customer is holding a tremendous amount of Altera inventory. 
Just can't provide any information on that, because we have none ourselves. 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: Okay. That's fair. And then on the longer term. I just wanted to understand the embedded 
opportunity that you highlighted. Is that captured in the total 30 billion opportunity that you were talking about? 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: Yeah. I think it's – the 30 billion will be a 
little bit larger with the embedded space opportunity, but once you – the number is so big in terms of the opportunity, 
it's – it really – the opportunity, whether it's ASICs, ASSPs, DSPs, embedded, it's – there's a lot of stuff for us to go 
take. And I think the one thing to really understand is, as – with each new process node, costs go up to design. And so, 
the products that are programmable clearly have an advantage, because we can take one product and sell it to lots of 
different customers, and through that aggregation of volume and business, continue to drive forward a new process 


generations. 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: Okay. 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: And by moving forward, we obviously 
can make our parts lower cost, which means we can address more of the market. But it also allows us to increase 
density and performance and features, which also allows us to increase more – or address more of the market. So I 
think it was said many years ago, Moore's Law is the friend of programmable technologies, and you're seeing that 
absolutely come true from a revenue and market share perspective, and I think that model continues very strongly for 
many years to come. 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: Okay. And then one follow-up. It will be the final question. I think Srini had asked about 
the India market. I was just trying to understand, would you guys be able to at least quantify it in terms of the 
opportunity for you? As China begins to slow down, how do you think about the India market and how big could it be 
for PLDs? Thanks. 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: Well, so certainly go back and look at 
China by the CapEx numbers of the three carriers actually is decreasing this year, yet our revenues are growing. So I 
think, just pulling CapEx data, and then trying to put a trend line together for PLDs has not proven to be data that 
correlates at all. 

And ultimately, it's very difficult to say with any certainty what's going to happen in India, or for that matter, any 
country next year, because there are always changes, either pull-ins or push-outs, because of political reasons or 
business reasons. And so, very difficult for us to project what's going to happen at any particular company. 

Again, I go back to the higher level, which is, between India, the United States, continued deployments in China, Japan, 
there's a lot of high-end equipment that will be purchased and deployed over the next three to five years. And so, we 
feel very comfortable that communications will continue to be a very strong area for this company for many years to 
come. 

Thank you. Next question, please? 

Operator 

We'll go next to Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: Thank you. John, so looking at all your sub-markets, you pointed out the weakness in 
consumer, and definitely the communication, all the markets, are doing really, really well. If you eliminate those and 
the rest of the markets, have you noticed any change in the customer behavior – customer pattern? And if you can put it 
in context. As we go through the earnings season, we'll hear different commentary from different companies. Just 
wanted to make sure that we can reconcile those commentary with what we are hearing from you in terms of what the 
customers are saying in various markets. 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: Nothing that I could provide you at this 
time, in terms of a breakdown by market or change. I mean again, at a macro level, we would expect our book-to-bill to 
be under 1 as our lead times compress. That's something that naturally happens, for the same reason that our 
book-to-bill went significantly over 1 when our lead times extended. I mean, that's just math. 

Other than that, I really don't have any other color to provide at this time. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: And then if I can ask, specifically on the military, that has grown nicely, and part of it is 
your market share gain, or probably 40-nanometer. What are you hearing about, in terms of a defense budget next year? 
And in case of a declining or a fixed defense budget do you have exposure to the right segments where you can grow 
that business next year? 


<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: Well I think at an aggregate level, there 
is an expectation that defense spending in many countries will decrease in the next several years. Certainly there's 
already been an announcement by Secretary Gates in the U.S. of wanting to decrease spending in the U.S. The UK now 
is talking about significant cuts to the military. 

How that plays out for programs will ultimately determine whether you're impacted or not. I think the benefits that we 
have on our side are that our content are in things that I think will continue to get deployed, things like secure 
communications. This is encryption-decryption. I think with the continued security threats around the world, there will 
continue to be investments in that area. And that's an area that we're doing quite well in. 

If a large aircraft program were to get canceled, might have an impact to us, but obviously, not significant volume per 
se. All in all, I would expect, even with declines in the military segment, we still have the ability to grow, simply 
because we have a lot of design wins that are moving to production, and so, we have the – and a lot of new programs 
that we're penetrating, a lot of new customers as well. So I would expect, even in a declining market, we should do 
pretty well. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: Thank you very much. Next question, 
please. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Gus Richard with Piper Jaffrey. 

<Q - Auguste Richard>: Yes, thanks for taking my question. Just had a few questions around the embedded business. 
Can you give a little more color on what verticals you might be going after, and when you think it – sort of how you see 
that penetration rate, when it will become material? And then, just any thoughts on your need for more soft or hard IP? 
Thanks. 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: Okay, so lots of different markets that 
we're going after. So, as an example, at the high-end SOC space, you think of high-end printers, which have typically 
used an SOC incorporating a microprocessor and other logic. They're finding that the ASIC vendors are no longer 
interested in their business, and so are turning towards FPGA systems. And so that's sort of the system-on-a-chip ASIC 
replacement. 

In the embedded space, there are applications in industrial, medical, communications as examples. Here I point out for 
instance, in industrial, is things like motor control. Going to variable speed motors incorporates microprocessors, 
microcontrollers. You've got obviously in the medical world, most of the imaging equipment incorporates a 
microprocessor for control and then uses a lot of FPGAs as well other products, DSPs included, for rendering. 

Then you get communications industry areas where customers are doing things like packet processing, or NPU 
applications, where they may want to incorporate microprocessors combined with accelerators, as an example, which 
work extremely well inside of FPGAs. And then we've had some interest in the computer space, where people are 
looking at FPGAs plus microprocessors to do acceleration of appliances, or even in cloud computing. 

So I would say that the embedded initiative actually covers basically all of our markets, from industrial, military, 
medical, the communications side, and computer as well. And so fits very well with who we're already selling to, but 
also does open up some new customers and some new applications that provide growth opportunities. 

<Q - Auguste Richard>: And then, just as a follow-on. In terms of IP, it looks like you've got all the major 
microprocessor architectures under your umbrella. Is there any other – and you've got the series under control. Is there 
any other hard or soft IP that you would need to sort of push into this market? That's it. 


<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: Yeah, thanks, Gus. So we have, with our 
IP library, actually a lot of functions now available. But we also work with a series of partners that bring specialized IP 
to marketplace, and some of those are based on a licensing model where we introduce them to the customer as they 
license it. Some is based on a royalty. In some cases, these companies actually buy our FPGAs, put their IP on it, and 
resell it as a semiconductor. And so that third-party network will continue to be part of our play also in this market 
space. 

<Q - Auguste Richard>: Yeah, thanks so much. 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: Thank you very much. Next question, 
please. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Daniel Berenbaum with Auriga USA. 

<Q - Daniel Berenbaum>: Yeah, hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Just to come back to lead times again, to 
focus on the near term. I was a little bit confused by the commentary. And so could you just go over – you had said I 
think that lead times are now anywhere between 24 and eight weeks, but that pretty much everything is going to 
normalize to eight weeks or less by the end of this quarter or the beginning of next quarter. Did I understand that 
correctly? 

<A - Ronald J. Pasek, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: So a couple clarifications. 
What we said on 40 and 65 is, they won't get to regular standard lead times until sometime early next year. Pretty much 
everything else, by the end of this quarter, will get to a fairly normal lead time. 

<Q - Daniel Berenbaum>: And where are lead times now? In other words, I guess my question really is, how much 
are lead times compressing over the space of one quarter? It seems like lead times are coming in a lot, and I'm just sort 
of trying to wonder what's behind that. 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: Lead times range right now between two 
to about 26 weeks. It depends on the product and the process node. Hard to describe at this point what proportion is in 
those different buckets or different ends. 

And what's causing our lead times to finally catch up is we've obviously grown very quickly this year, and have been 
constrained with foundry supply and are, over time, catching up. 

<Q - Daniel Berenbaum>: Okay. And then along those lines, when you think about – and you talked about inventory, 
I mean do you think about having an inventory build, or how big an inventory build on a dollars basis do you think 
you'll see next quarter? 

<A - Ronald J. Pasek, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: So what I gave was low to 
mid 3s, so some slight build, but I wouldn't call that significant by any means. 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: Historically we have operated, and this is 
for many, many years now, with between distributors and ourselves, a total of between 3 to 4 months supply on hand. 
And so operating in the 3.5 or lower is right, or slightly thin, in our belief. So we're just, I think, kind of getting back 
closer to where our normal inventory profile would be for the business we have. 

<Q - Daniel Berenbaum>: Okay. Great. Thanks very much. 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: Thank you very much. Next question, 
please. 


Operator 

We'll go next to Apurva Patel with Ticonderoga Securities. 

<Q - Apurva Patel>: Thanks. This is a first question is for Ron. Ron, you explained, from 2Q to 3Q, in terms of gross 
margin delta, but outside of the telecom wireless market, were there any business that still has some kind of a margin 
pressure? 

<A - Ronald J. Pasek, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: No, I couldn't attribute it to a 
specific vertical, but when we look at some of our largest customers, it looked like our largest customers had a some – a 
very large quarter. So that's why I phrased it. Certainly it was some vertical mix with respect to comms, which we had 
thought – we knew would happen, and then outside of that, some of the degradation was just some of our other large 
non-communication customers. 

<Q - Apurva Patel>: Great. And this question is for you, Ron – John. Sorry about that. When it comes to 
software-defined radios, what type opportunity do you see, whether it's in military or communication? And if it is, can 
you quantify that? 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: I'm sorry, what was the question about? 
Software-defined radios? 

<Q - Apurva Patel>: When you look at software-defined radios, and 


<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: Yeah. 

<Q - Apurva Patel>: – you hear some equipment suppliers that that's going to be – that could be a potentially a big 
market, it depends who you talk to. Whether it's in military or communication, could you quantify how big that market 
could be? Meaning that, how – what would be the content increase of PLDs? 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: Well, so, I mean the radios really, for the 
most part, before the newer roadmap of going to software-defined, were really made up of microprocessors, ASICs and 
DSPs. And depending on the radio, would depend on the mix of the components. And what the intention was is 
obviously contain the encryption algorithm specifically implemented in an ASIC. 

The move has been toward software-defined radios, so that the encryption algorithms can be changed or updated. What 
happened – and this really came from the first Gulf War, where the U.S. had difficulty communicating between 
military branches and with their allies, because everybody had different radio equipment operating off of different 
standards. 

So by moving to a software-defined radio, you can update, or upgrade any radio obviously, to – in case equipment is 
captured by your enemy, or in order to be able to integrate and talk to different allies. 

It's a newer market in military, it's also a market in government, and it will be a market in emergency as well. It is a 
market that we've done extremely well in, because we've had lower-power SPGAs. It is one of the strong growth areas 
that we've had in military over, say, the last year and a half. But a lot of this has yet to reach its peaks, so we would 
hope we would continue to see growth. 

I cannot quantify today exactly a revenue figure or a market size to this, simply because I don't have the statistics. 
There's a lot of data here, and we could try to provide that, just from third parties, if you're interested. 

<Q - Apurva Patel>: Thanks. That would be great. 

<A - Scott Wylie, Vice President, Investor Relations>: Operator, we have time for one more question, please. 

Operator 


We'll go next to David Wong with Wells Fargo. 

<Q - David Wong>: Thanks very much. Can you tell me what percentage of your revenues are HardCopy today? And 
are there any segments or end markets that are particularly [inaudible] out for HardCopy? 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: David, this is John Daane again. 
HardCopy is a few percent of revenues today. We are seeing, with HardCopy in III and IV, a lot of success in particular 
in the communications field, and do expect that those products are going to go through some very strong growth 
actually next year. And that should get that product growing again as a percentage of revenues next year, to something 
back closer to about 5% I would guess, but we'll have to see. 

<Q - David Wong>: Great. Thanks. 

<A - John P. Daane, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman>: Thank you very much. 

Scott Wylie, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Yeah, and as we wrap up today, a reminder. On November 29th, we will issue via press release our fourth quarter 
update and 2011 guidance, followed by a conference call. We will remind you as we get closer to the date, but hold that 
time on your calendars if you're interested in those topics. 

As to conferences this quarter, on December 7th, we will present at the NASDAQ Investor Program in London. 

This concludes Altera's earnings conference call. Thanks for your interest and your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


