Q1 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Leonard Bell, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Co-Founder 
• Thomas I. H. Dubin, Chief Legal Office, Senior Vice President and General Counsel 
• Vikas Sinha, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• David L. Hallal, Senior Vice President, Commercial Operations 
• Stephen P. Squinto, Executive Vice President, Co-Founder, Head-Research and Development 
Other Participants 

• Salveen Richter 
• David Freedman 
• Brian Abrahams 
• Howard Liang 
• Lucy Lu 
• Ying Huang 
• Stephen Willey 
• Blake Arnold 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day and welcome everyone to the Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc., First Quarter 2011 Results Conference Call. 
Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to 
Dr. Leonard Bell. Please go ahead. 

Leonard Bell, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Co-Founder 

Thank you, Operator. Good morning. Thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss Alexion's performance for the 
first quarter of 2011. I am joined by members of Alexion Management; Steve Squinto, Executive Vice President and 
Head of R&D; Vikas Sinha, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; David Hallal, Senior Vice President, 
Global Commercial Operations; and Tom Dubin, Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer. 

We also welcome the global Alexion team working in the U.S., Europe, Japan, Canada, Australia and Latin America. 
Vikas, David and Steve will join me on today's call to report on our financial, commercial and clinical 
accomplishments in the first quarter, and to discuss our strategic initiatives and accelerate execution plans for the 
remainder of 2011. 

Before we begin, Tom will apprise you of our potential to make forward-looking statements. Tom? 

Thomas I. H. Dubin, Chief Legal Office, Senior Vice President and General 
Counsel 


Thanks, Lenny. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements such as expected financial results, medical 
benefits, regulatory milestones, and commercial potential of Soliris in PNH, aHUS, transplant and other indications in 
the U.S. and other territories, plans for clinical trials with Soliris in aHUS, transplant and other indications, as well as 
development plans for other products, and operations, reimbursement, price approval and funding processes in different 
territories. 

Forward-looking statements are subject to factors that may cause our results and plans to differ from those expected, 
including decisions of regulatory authorities regarding approval or limitations on the marketing of Soliris for various 
indications, the possibility that results of clinical trials are not predictive of the safety and efficacy of Soliris in broader 
patient populations in the disease studied or in other diseases; the risk that third parties won't agree to license any 
necessary intellectual property to us on reasonable terms or at all, the possibility that initial results of 
commercialization are not predictive of future results, the risk that third-party payers will not continue to reimburse for 
the use of Soliris for acceptable rates or at all, and a variety of other risks set forth from time to time in our filings with 
the SEC, including our 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010. 

We do not intend to update any of these forward-looking statements after this call, except when a duty arises under law. 
Finally, I'd like to remind you that our reported non-GAAP numbers conform to U.S. GAAP, except in three respects. 
First, our non-GAAP numbers exclude share-based compensation. Second, we exclude non-cash tax expense associated 
with using our U.S. net operating losses. And third, with completion of two acquisitions in the quarter, we now also 
exclude amortization of acquired intangible assets and costs associated with acquisitions. A reconciliation of our GAAP 
to non-GAAP results is included in the press release we issued this morning. 

Thanks very much. Lenny? 

Leonard Bell, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Co-Founder 

Thank you, Tom. In the first quarter of 2011, Alexion continued to focus on five key initiatives to transform the lives of 
even more patients with severe and ultra-rare disorders. First, we achieved steady growth in serving patients with PNH 
in our core territories of the United States, Western Europe and Japan. Second, we continue to progress toward 
establishing operations in new major territories with a focus on Turkey, Brazil and Russia. Third, in our eculizumab 
rare disease programs beyond PNH and as we announced earlier this month, we have accelerated our aHUS 
development timeline with the recent submissions of marketing applications for Soliris in the U.S. and in the EU. 

Separately we have also now reached an important milestone by concluding successful discussions with regulators 
regarding the initiation of our company sponsored multinational kidney transplant trials. Fourth, we have established 
our Translational Medicine Center of Excellence in Cambridge to accelerate our expanding early-stage pipeline. And 
finally in our rare disease pipeline programs beyond eculizumab, we are focused on accelerating development of four 
additional unique drug candidates. 

As we review the events of the first quarter, I would like to first note that the devastation in Japan is foremost in our 
thoughts. As the nation recovers, we are grateful for the continued well-being of our colleagues and their families. 
Through the strong leadership of our team in Japan, supported by Alexion colleagues around the world, we are 
continuing to maintain a high level of patient service. The most significant challenges of course are in the areas directly 
affected north of Tokyo. We are mindful that Japanese patients with PNH, in addition to facing the same difficulties as 
those around them are also suffering with a rare and life-threatening medical condition and we recognize a special 
obligation to these patients. Our commitment to a broad platform of patient support in Japan including our robust in 
country inventory delivered through multiple distribution sites, helps us continue to serve an increasing number of 
patients with PNH who need treatment. 

Turning to our other core territories, April marks the fourth anniversary of the launch of Soliris in the United States. 
Since 2007, we have provided the clinical benefits of Soliris to growing numbers of patients in the each quarter across 
the U.S. and Western Europe. Our primary focus throughout has been to overcome low levels of PNH disease 
awareness and inadequate approaches to diagnosis. Through these initiatives in Q1 we again helped physicians to 


optimize treatment for a significant number of new patients. In emerging territories, we have already noted that this 
year and next we are especially focused on the addition of three major countries, Turkey, Brazil, and Russia, which 
together are home to a greater aggregate population than in the entire United States. Toward this end, we are starting to 
assemble initial operational leadership in each of these countries. 

Our efforts in all countries are underscored by the growing recognition among both physicians and reimbursement 
authorities of studies reporting the impact of Soliris on survival of patients with PNH. In this regard, independent 
researchers earlier this month published two seminal observations in the journal Blood. First, that the survival of PNH 
patients treated with Soliris was markedly improved compared to a controlled population of PNH patients not treated 
with Soliris. And further, that survival of Soliris treated patients was no different than the survival of healthy, normal 
individuals. As we continue to achieve steady and long-term growth in PNH, we are equally focused on developing 
Soliris as a potential treatment for patients suffering with aHUS as well as for patients with other ultra rare and severe 
life-threatening disorders. As announced earlier this month, we have now submitted our marketing applications for 
Soliris for the treatment of patients with aHUS in both the U.S. and in the EU. 

Both the U.S. and the EU submissions include the positive data from the two 26-week Phase II studies of Soliris as a 
treatment for adult and adolescents patients with aHUS. In the U.S. we have requested priority review of our SPLA. If 
priority review is granted, we would expect a decision as early as the fourth quarter of this year. We would then be 
prepared to launch in the U.S. late in the fourth quarter. 

Separately in the EU, with a positive decision from the European commission not expected before the first part of 2012, 
we would then begin the reimbursement process on a country-by-country basis with the launch in the first countries 
potentially beginning as early as mid-2012. 

Beyond eculizumab our recent acquisitions underscore our commitment to develop life-transforming therapies for 
patients suffering with an increasing number of ultra rare and severe life threatening disorders. To this end we have 
established our new Translational Medicine Center of Excellence in Cambridge and now expect to commence clinical 
studies with TT30, a unique comp inhibitor, during 2011. We are also accelerating the development of our highly 
innovative cPMP product candidate for the treatment of newborns with MRCD, a deadly and ultra rare metabolic 
disorder. 

Turning to our financial performance, revenues in Q1 grew 41% over the year-ago quarter to $166.1 million. By 
serving an increasing number of patients while maintaining our financial discipline, we achieved Q1 non-GAAP EPS 
of $0.59 per share a 59% increase year-over-year. As we announced earlier this month, we have raised our 2011 
revenue forecast from the previous range of $715 million to $735 million now to the higher range of $720 million to 
$740 million. 

This upward revision in revenue guidance takes into account continued global growth of Soliris for PNH and in the 
United States the potential for an earlier-than-expected launch of Soliris for aHUS late in Q4. We have achieved a 
notably strong start to 2011 in both our PNH operations and our pipeline initiatives and look forward to reporting on 
continued progress throughout the year. 

At this point, I'll turn the call over to Vikas for a more detailed look at our financial results. Vikas? 

Vikas Sinha, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Lenny. As we reported in this morning's press release, Q1 was another quarter of steady sales growth, 
continued profitability and solid cash flow for Alexion. Looking first at revenues in Q1 2011, we achieved steady 
top-line growth primarily in our core geographies of the U.S., Western Europe and Japan. 

New product sales of Soliris were $166.1 million in Q1 2011, an increase of 41% compared to Q1 2010. As Lenny 
noted, we acknowledge the exemplary dedication of our team in Japan as they continue to serve an increasing number 
of patients during this period of national recovery. 


Non-GAAP SG&A expenses in Q1 were $57.8 million and non-GAAP R&D costs were $28.1 million in this quarter. I 
note that for non-GAAP reporting purposes our Q1 SG&A expenses excluded approximately $10 million in 
amortization and transaction costs associated with Taligen and Orphatec acquisitions. 

As stated in this morning's press release, I would point out that our Q1 2011 GAAP EPS of $0.28 was negatively 
impacted by $0.07 per share as a result of these acquisition related costs. With regard to a non-GAAP reporting, we 
achieved Q1 non-GAAP EPS of $0.59 compared to $0.37 per share in Q1, 2010, an increase of 59% year on year. 

Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities were $348.8 million at the end of the first quarter. This cash balance 
reflected outflows of $114 million of cash used for the two acquisitions and inflows of $60 million in short-term 
borrowings during the quarter. 

Turning to our 2011 guidance, we raised our 2011 revenue forecast earlier this month from the previous range of $715 
million to $735 million now to the higher range of $720 million to $740 million. The upward revision in revenue 
guidance takes into account continued global growth of Soliris for PNH, as well as the potential for an initial aHUS 
launch in the United States in late Q4. aHUS sales in the EU are not expected to commence before mid-2012, which 
would follow individual country-by-country reimbursement approval. The upward revision also takes into account the 
continuing risk of transient disruptions in treatment for individual patients in Japan. 

All other items of 2011 guidance we provided in our last call remain within previously identified ranges. I note that 
both R&D and SG&A expenses will grow in subsequent quarters as compared to Q1. Quarter-on-quarter R&D 
expenses will increase as we solidify the pipeline. SG&A for the year is expected to be towards the upper end of our 
previously guided range of $270 million to $280 million. The anticipated quarter on quarter increase in SG&A expense 
will result from expanded PNH operations and the $25 million investment for aHUS launch preparation as we 
discussed on our last quarter call. 

Finally, I would like to note that our original estimate of 97 million shares outstanding at the end of 2011 will, of 
course, need to be adjusted to reflect our recently-announced two-for-one stock split anticipated in May with a 
corresponding adjustment to EPS. We are very pleased with our financial performance in the first quarter of 2011 and 
we have committed to maintaining a high level of financial discipline as we invest in better health for patients in the 
future. 

At this point, I will turn the call over to David, who will provide an update of our global commercial operations. 
David? 

David L. Hallal, Senior Vice President, Commercial Operations 

Thank you, Vikas. In the first quarter of 2011, we continued to achieve steady Soliris growth globally of 41% 
compared to the first quarter of 2010. This growth reflects steady additions of new patient with PNH as well as 
continued strong patient compliance, largely driven by our core territories, the U.S., Western Europe, and Japan. 

In Japan, despite the recent events affecting the country, we continue to provide a high level of patient service 
throughout the quarter. Our team in Japan is working closely with hospitals and physicians to support compliance 
among existing patients while also meeting the needs of new patients. Through their efforts, we anticipate that we will 
serve an increasing number of patients in Japan throughout the year. 

In other large territories, the addition of Turkey, Brazil, and Russia are a focus in 2011 and 2012. We are making 
steady progress in assembling initial operational leadership in each of these countries. We also continue to serve new 
patients in additional countries. In Q1, in Australia, the first group of new patients with PNH commenced treatment, 
following the government's decision in late December that Soliris substantially extends the lives of patients with PNH. 
We continue to believe that this decision coupled with the new survival data from independent investigators published 
in Blood earlier this month strengthens the growing recognition of the long-term benefits of Soliris treatment amongst 
physicians and reimbursement authorities. 


Importantly, our efforts globally continue to be grounded in our ongoing disease awareness and diagnostic programs to 
assist the medical community in optimizing the care of patients. As hematologist oncologists gain a better 
understanding of the severe and life-threatening nature of PNH as well as the clinical benefits of Soliris, they are 
increasingly demanding higher-quality testing for patients at an elevated risk of having the disease. 

Since the International Clinical Cytometry Society published new testing guidelines in 2010, we have observed that an 
increasing number of labs are adopting this new global standard. We continue to accelerate the international rollout of 
our PNH educational efforts to positively influence the entire cycle of care, from an accurate diagnosis to appropriate 
treatment. 

Turning now to aHUS, we are accelerating our launch plans in light of the earlier-than-expected submissions in the 

U.S. and Europe. In the U.S., if our SBLA is accepted for priority review, we would expect a decision as early as the 
fourth quarter of this year and we'll be prepared to launch late in Q4. 
In Europe, with a positive decision from the European commission not expected before the first part of 2012, we would 
begin the reimbursement process on a country-by-country basis with a launch in the first countries potentially 
beginning as early as mid-2012. As we prepare to launch Soliris in aHUS, our global nephrology franchise is 
leveraging the experience that led to the successful Soliris launch in PNH. 

The same patient centered imperatives we developed for PNH will be the foundation for serving the aHUS community. 
These imperatives are; identifying patients who have aHUS to help them achieve optimal care, educating physicians 
and patients on the progressive and life-threatening nature of aHUS so they can make better-informed treatment 
decisions. 

Also, creating access to Soliris for patients with aHUS through personalized patient services and treatment support 
programs and finally, supporting appropriate utilization of Soliris for patients with aHUS, a life-threatening and 
life-long disorder. In recent months, our teams have been working to gain a deeper understanding of the market 
dynamics, both diagnostic and therapeutic, that patients and families with aHUS encounter. 

As we prepare for our commercial launch, we are developing several initiatives. First, we are conducting market 
research globally to better understand all aspects of aHUS including how the disease is currently diagnosed and which 
patient populations have a higher likelihood for having aHUS. 

Second, our global medical affairs team is expanding our presence at medical conferences throughout the year in order 
to engage with physicians so that we can better understand their experience in diagnosing and treating aHUS. 

Third, from our learnings, we are developing a disease awareness campaign to help educate physicians that chronic 
uncontrolled complement activation is the underlying cause of the morbidities and mortality in aHUS and that ongoing 
thrombotic microangiopathy or TMA is the cause of life threatening damage to vital organs including the kidney. 

And fourth, we are evaluating the size and structure of our field teams to support the launch of Solaris and aHUS in 
each country. As we prepare to serve patients with aHUS, we recognize that worldwide most patients with PNH have 
still not received an accurate diagnosis, nor received appropriate treatment. 

With the alignment of our commercial operations into distinct therapeutic areas in both hematology and nephrology, we 
are increasing our focus to serve more patients with PNH globally while preparing to launch in aHUS. 

Now I'll turn the call over to Steve, who will review our expanding pipeline initiatives. Steve? 

Stephen P. Squinto, Executive Vice President, Co-Founder, Head-Research and 
Development 

Thanks, David. Alexion's R&D programs are focused on discovering and developing highly innovative therapies with 
potential to transform the lives of patients with severe ultra rare diseases who lack adequate treatment options. As we 


are investigating the role that eculizumab can play in several such disorders, including aHUS, we are also seizing the 
opportunity to significantly expand our portfolio of drug candidates and broaden our capabilities to move early-stage 
compounds more rapidly into the clinic. 

In the first quarter of 2011, as previously announced, we address these issues with three strategic measures aligned to 
our core competencies. First, during Q1, we are pleased to welcome our new colleagues from Taligen Therapeutics to 
Alexion and to have completed the process of forming our newly established Translational Medicine Center of 
Excellence. 

Second, we are accelerating the progress of our eculizumab rare disease programs beyond PNH across several 
therapeutic areas. 

And third, in our rare disease pipeline programs beyond eculizumab, we are now increasing our focus on the 
development of our four additional unique drug candidates: TT30, cPMP, a novel anti-inflammatory antibody, and 
samalizumab. I would like to begin by highlighting some key eculizumab programs beyond PNH and starting with 
aHUS. 

We are very pleased that we are able to submit applications for regulatory approval in the US and Europe for 
eculizumab in aHUS earlier than expected. Both the U.S. and EU filings include the positive data from the two 
26-week Phase II study of eculizumab as a treatment for adult and adolescent patients with aHUS. We look forward to 
working with regulatory authorities as they review our applications. 

We also continue to enroll patients in a prospective open-label single-arm clinical trial in children with aHUS and 
enrollment is expected to continue through the end of 2011. Also in nephrology, eculizumab is being investigated as a 
treatment for patients undergoing kidney transplant who are at elevated risk of acute humoral rejection or AHR. Interim 
data presented at scientific meetings in 2010 showed strong results, demonstrating that eculizumab significantly 
reduced AHR, post-transplant plasmatherapy and splenectomy relative to an historical control group. 

Further interim results from 26 patients in the pilot kidney prophylaxis trial being conducted at the Mayo clinic are 
expected to be presented at the American Transplant Congress and are consistent with the positive data presented 
earlier. Enrollment in this investigator-initiated transplant study will be complete in the first half of 2011. With these 
interim strong results from this investigator-initiated study, we're now pleased to announce that Alexion has recently 
concluded successful discussions with regulators regarding our two company-sponsored multinational kidney 
transplant trials. We have finalized the clinical protocols for these studies, which will include patients receiving either 
living or deceased donor graphs in multiple centers in the U.S. and EU. 

This very important recent progress now enables us to be on track to initiate these studies in the second half of the year. 
Also in our nephrology therapeutic area, the investigator-initiated Phase II trials of eculizumab in patients with dense 
deposit disease and C3 nephropathy, two ultra rare diseases are ongoing with data expected near year end. Moving to 
our rare disease programs with eculizumab in neurology, enrollment is closed in the Phase II study evaluating 
eculizumab in patients with the rare and severe form of myasthenia gravis. We expect to review preliminary data in the 
second half of 2011 and we will evaluate the potential for a subsequent study. 

Also, enrollment has been completed in the Phase II investigator-initiated trial of eculizumab in patients with 
neuromyelitis optica with dosing ongoing through 2011. Lastly with eculizumab in our hematology therapeutic area, 
enrollment and dosing are continuing in the investigator-initiated Phase II study of eculizumab in patients with Cold 
Agglutinin Disease. In our rare disease pipeline programs beyond eculizumab, as I noted we are now focused on 
accelerating development of our four additional unique drug candidates, TT30, cPMP, a novel anti-inflammatory 
antibody and samalizumab. 

We have been able to accelerate our plans for TT30 and now expect to initiate clinical development this year of this 
unique inhibitor of the alternative complement pathway. Our cPMP replacement therapy targets the treatment of 
newborns with molybdenum cofactor deficiency or MoCD Type A. MoCD Type A is a particularly devastating and 
ultra rate metabolic disorder affecting infants in which a genetic mutation leads to a deficiency in cPMP causing 
catastrophic brain damage with survival generally measured in only weeks, or months. 


Following the very encouraging initial clinical experience, we are now working to generate GMP clinical supplies of 
cPMP and to expedite IND enabling studies with the objective of replicating these results in controlled prospective 
clinical trials. Separately, in regard to our third new drug candidate targeting rare and life-threatening disorders, we 
remain on track to enter clinical trials in the second half of 2011 with a novel anti-inflammatory antibody. We will 
discuss this program further as we move closer to initiating clinical development. 

In addition, in our oncology rare disease program, we expect to initiate a clinical study of samalizumab in patients with 
a rare solid tumor in the latter part of the year. Finally, given the well-established link between age-related macular 
degeneration and our core strength in complement inhibition, we are driving forward aggressively in distinct and severe 
ophthalmic disorders. Our plan is to develop the optimal form of complement inhibition for local ophthalmic use. We 
will do so by accelerating the investigation of our unique alternative complement pathway inhibitors while also 
completing our proof-of-concept study with eculizumab. The investigator initiated Phase 2 study with IV eculizumab in 
patients with the dry form of AMD is ongoing and enrollment is expected to be completed in the first half of 2011, with 
preliminary data by early 2012. 

In closing, our research and development group is well positioned to discover and develop new highly innovative 
therapies to transform the lives of patients suffering from debilitating and life-threatening rare diseases. Lenny? 

Leonard Bell, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Co-Founder 

Thank, Steve. Our strong start in 2011 positions us to keep executing rapidly on our key objectives throughout the year. 
We will maintain our accelerated pace toward our mission of transforming lives of patients suffering from PNH, aHUS 
and other severe and life-threatening ultra rare disorders. As always, we thank all those who make our work possible, 
our employees, researchers and physicians around the world and of course patients and their families. 

At this point, we'll take questions. Operator? 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And first we'll go to Salveen Richter with Collins Stewart. 

<Q - Salveen Richter>: [audio gap] (28:14) this year and early next year, so how should we think about how the data 
will be released and also should we think about the studies, how should we think about them in terms of priority to 
Alexion. If positive, will you take these into registrational studies? 

<A - Leonard Bell>: Salveen, its Lenny. Unfortunately, I think, you might have started speaking before the audio was 
working. Could you just repeat at least the first part of your question? 

<Q - Salveen Richter>: Sure. So just in terms of the investigator sponsored studies, you have a bunch of them reading 
out between in the second half of this year and early next year. So how will the data be released and how should we 
think about priority to Alexion for these studies and if positive, would you take them into registration studies or which 
ones are you most focused on here? 

<A - Leonard Bell, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Co-Founder>: Steve? 

<A - Stephen P. Squinto>: Yeah, I think as I said in the call this morning Salveen, certainly the transplant data from 
the Mayo IP will be out at the American Transplant Congress. And we expect the data to be positive and similar to 
what has been reported in a smaller number of patients a year ago. 

We also mentioned, I think, this morning that we would expect data from the dense deposit disease programs, as well 
as the C3 nephrology programs to probably come out later in the year as well. 


And then there are, as you mentioned, a battery of other IPs where we would expect to get a preliminary look at the 
data. And I think as always here, the data drives the decision-making in terms of which of these programs will then get 
the priority to move forward as potential registration trials. 

<A - Leonard Bell, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Co-Founder>: So Salveen it's a combination 
really of us making an estimate, as we've said before of the severity of the disease being sufficient for us to invest in. 
And then of course as Steve describes, not only the severity of the disease, but of course the actual data with treatment. 
But I think it's really the first – the disease filter – we're really primarily focused, as we have indicated through our 
recent strategic initiatives, on focusing on those disorders that are life threatening and severely disabling the patients. 
So that will be an important aspect that we apply. 

<Q - Salveen Richter>: Great. Then just a follow-up on TT30. What are the likely indications you'll go into with the 
drug by year end? 

<A - Stephen P. Squinto, Executive Vice President, Co-Founder, Head-Research and Development>: Yes. I think 
we'll describe that probably in more detail as we get closer to moving into clinical development. But we're pretty 
excited to be able to move that forward this year. 

<A - Leonard Bell, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Co-Founder>: I'll also remind the operator 
that we're looking for one question and then back in the queue. 

<Q - Salveen Richter>: Okay, thanks. 

<A - Leonard Bell, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Co-Founder>: We're not going to have a 
reprise of last quarter. 

<Q - Salveen Richter>: No worries. Thank you. 

<A - Leonard Bell, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Co-Founder>: Thank you, Salveen. 

Operator 

And next, we'll go to Dave Freedman with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - David Freedman>: Hi. Thanks for taking our question here. This is about the transplant program, and I know you 
haven't made the protocols public. But if there's anything you can discuss around whether there was a discussion with 
the FDA about the ability to create a trial that would allow for endpoints that could facilitate accelerated approval, as 
well as endpoints that could facilitate a longer-term full approval. Was that part of your discussion and is there anything 
you can comment around that? 

<A - Leonard Bell, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Co-Founder>: Dave, hi, it's Lenny. I'll take 
the first shot and then Steve will provide the details. But you know, I think what we've focused on, as you know well, 
following it so carefully over the last year or so, that this is a new indication from a regulatory perspective. And what 
we've focused on with the FDA is we're very enthused -- just over the very recent weeks to reach agreement -- to 
identify what is a sufficient trial in order to examine the first safety and efficacy of eculizumab. 

The trial actually then will be nine weeks of treatment, very similar to what has done at Mayo and elsewhere, with the 
primary endpoint AHR being early. And we've agreed also to make sure that we follow patients for up to a year, really, 
to follow actually the course of their AHR. I think that it's a very good productive discussion where a lot of challenges 
were overcome. And we expect actually that the data, much as Steve described before, but really in this case since this 
is a larger trial, would really help us understand with the FDA and then separately with the AMA the path forward to 
registration. I think we'd wait until we see the data. Steve, any further details or --? 

<A - Stephen P. Squinto, Executive Vice President, Co-Founder, Head-Research and Development>: No, I think 
you covered it pretty well. A lot of the discussions with the FDA did center around the endpoints for the trial, as well as 


the inclusion criterion and how to validate patients that could enroll in the trial, but successfully concluded. 

<A - Leonard Bell, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Co-Founder>: Yeah, we're very -- as you 
know David, we're certainly very, very pleased to have concluded these discussions and have a path forward towards 
pretty aggressive development in the U.S. 

<Q - David Freedman>: Absolutely. Okay, thank you. 

<A - Leonard Bell, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Co-Founder>: Thanks David. 

Operator 

And next, we'll go to Brian Abrahams with Wells Fargo Securities. 

<Q - Brian Abrahams>: Hi. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on the solid execution. You mentioned 
Turkey, Brazil and Russia being important emerging territories. Just wondering now that you've been able to make 
some progress establishing operations there. Based on maybe some of the early feedback you're getting, can you talk a 
little bit about your expectations for pricing in those regions, maybe relative to other areas? And how significant would 
you think the potential survival benefit data will resonate there? Thanks. 

<A - Leonard Bell, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Co-Founder>: Yeah, thanks very much, 
Brian. The first comment is that we have just initiated really, the very, very early stages of build-out of operational 
leadership in Latin America, as well as in Turkey and even earlier in Russia. We think that the overall landscape is 
very, very positive. As I mentioned, what is important actually is that the overall reimbursable population across just 
those three countries is greater in aggregate than that in the United States. So that's an indication of the number of 
patients who we believe that we can treat and provide clinical benefit to. 

We also think that over the course of the last 6 to 12 months, there's been a tremendous movement across a medical 
community to start with of course and now increasingly large important reimbursement authorities and this movement 
really, started quite frankly with initial observations in Korea, which I described very emphatically empirically and then 
repeated several times. 

What are the key drivers for mortality in PNH, aligns very well with hemolysis itself being an independent predictor of 
survival or death. And then obviously with the data coming out from an independent group at Leeds in England, which 
describes that not only is there a marked and significant improvement in mortality with Soliris treatment compared to 
PNH patients not treated with Soliris, but perhaps, aiming towards the gold standard. Indicating that survival in patients 
with a life-threatening disease treated with Soliris is similar to the survival of normal healthy individuals, which of 
course is the objective that every physician and every provider of healthcare aims for. 

And this really led to what was a very, very important 2011 – 2010 end-of-the-year accomplishment, which is the 
approval for reimbursement in one of the most rigorous, well-regarded reimbursement authorities in the world, which is 
the Government of Australia. Which of course, requires for the disease to be life-threatening and for the treatment to 
substantially prolong survival, which we were the first and only, at this point, treatment to make that hurdle. 

I think that actually bodes very well for underpinning strong reimbursement across not only the current core territories 
but as you describe, Brian, new countries, particularly focusing on Brazil and Turkey and Russia. 

<Q - Brian Abrahams>: Thanks very much. 

Operator 

And we'll now go to Howard Liang with Leerink Swann. 


<Q - Howard Liang>: Thanks very much. Just in terms of the quarter, the reported sales, I think it looks like 
quarter-over-quarter increment in this quarter seems to be somewhat less compared to last couple of quarters, certainly. 
a specific reason for that such as the quarter-over-quarter variance? 

<A - Leonard Bell, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Co-Founder>: Vikas? 

<A - Vikas Sinha>: Howard, this is Vikas here. A couple of things that is unique in Q1 as always is, we do not hold 
any inventory at the wholesalers and therefore what happens is from Q4 to Q1 we see a couple of shipping days that are 
less. So that definitely impacts us. And second thing I definitely also want to highlight is Q4 to Q1, there was also a 
very small negative impact on the FX side. 

<Q - Howard Liang>: Thank you. 

Operator 

The following question comes from Mark Monane with Needham and Company. 

<Q>: Hi, [ph] it's Brian for Mark (37:21). I just have a quick question for Vikas on the two financial items. Regarding 
the cash tax read, do you expect [ph] the income (37:32) tax continue to be 10% to 12% for the year and [ph] on the 
basing (37:37) of the intangibles, how many years do you expect that it will be amortized? Thank you. 

<A - Vikas Sinha, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So there are two questions there. The first 
question is, on the cash tax rate and our guidance is that it will remain between 10% to 12%. And regarding the 
intangibles, which is actually, you will see it in our 10-Q it is approximately $5 million of intangible, which will get 
amortized over 12 years. 

<Q>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

And next we'll go to Matt Roden with UBS. 

<Q>: Hi, good morning, this is [ph] Lynn (38:16) for Matt. I was wondering, if you could provide us with some color 
on the revenue mix and where growth is coming from? Thanks. 

<A - Stephen P. Squinto, Executive Vice President, Co-Founder, Head-Research and Development>: Excuse me, 
where -- it's hard to understand – where what is coming from? 

<Q>: Where the growth is coming from and where you sort of anticipate going forward? 

<A - Vikas Sinha, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: We only provide the revenue mix data on a 
yearly basis. We don't do it on a quarter-to-quarter basis. One highlight in the quarter definitely was a small number of 
patients in Australia definitely came in. Other than that, all the major territories grew according – you want to add 
something, David? 

<A - David Hallal>: No, it's just as we stated during the call, steady additions of new patients throughout our core 
territories and as Vikas alluded to, some of the new countries that we entered as well. 

Operator 

And we'll now go to Lucy Lu with Citi. 

<Q - Lucy Lu>: Great, thank you. Quick question on – just wanted to understand where you are with the new major 
territories – Brazil, Turkey, and Russia, and when do you expect to see meaningful contribution from these countries? 


And also if you could give a little bit more color on the commercial preparation for aHUS launch, that would be 
helpful. Thank you. 

<A - Stephen P. Squinto, Executive Vice President, Co-Founder, Head-Research and Development>: David, I'll 
take the first and you take the second? 

<A - David L. Hallal, Senior Vice President, Commercial Operations>: Sure. 

<A - Stephen P. Squinto, Executive Vice President, Co-Founder, Head-Research and Development>: So Lucy, we 
anticipate, really, no meaningful contribution from Russia until the very latter part of 2012. And we think that we'll 
start seeing smaller contributions from Turkey towards the end of the year and Brazil towards the end of the year, early 
part of 2012. David, you want to fill in about aHUS? 

<A - David L. Hallal, Senior Vice President, Commercial Operations>: Sure. So as I was discussing earlier in the 
call, we have established and continue to build out our global nephrology franchise. That team is providing dedicated 
leadership to the expected and anticipated launch for aHUS in the U.S. and Europe and eventually, certainly we would 
hope in other markets. And with that, we are beginning to also, as I suggested establish a plan to expand our sales 
organization, really leveraging the strength that we already have with our current sales team that has made our launch 
in PNH very successful in preparing to expand that team so that in the event that we are launching late in Q4 here in the 
U.S., we'll be prepared to do so immediately. 

We continue to engage with physicians not just in the U.S. but globally to better understand the current dynamics of 
diagnostics for patient with aHUS as well as their current treatment practices and again, through those key learnings, 
we're really developing what we believe will be a highly-successful disease awareness and diagnostic campaign. 

<Q - Lucy Lu>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Moving on to Ying Huang with Gleacher and Company. 

<Q - Ying Huang>: Thank you for taking on my questions. Just a quick question for Vikas on the cost here. 
Apparently the cost ratio here seems to be a little lower than what you had from last quarter, the 4Q of '10 and do you 
continue to think that this will be last through the rest of the year. And then also, can you elaborate how you guys will 
decide whether to move on TT30 or Soliris into the AMD formulation? Because obviously the investigator initiator 
trials which is obviously using the IV formulation is not ideal here and how much information can you glean actually 
from that trial? thanks. 

<A - Vikas Sinha, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I think – this is Vikas here and I'll take the 
first part and then Steve – I'll pass it on to Steve. So you're focusing on costs of goods sold? Is that what you're 
focusing on? 

<Q - Ying Huang>: Yes. 

<A - Vikas Sinha, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. We see some quarterly volatility on 
the cost of goods sold. In the second half of the year we will expect to move closer to the 13% of our guidance. As you 
should recall I've said in my earlier calls, we will sell more goods produced last year towards the second half, which 
had a higher cost of production. Okay? 

<Q - Ying Huang>: All right. 

<A - Stephen P. Squinto, Executive Vice President, Co-Founder, Head-Research and Development>: Yeah, 
regarding the question around TT30 and the ophthalmology area generally. So I think as was said on the call this 
morning, there's no question there's a clear link between AMD and uncontrolled complement activation and I think this 
gives us the encouragement to really drive forward very aggressively across a number of ophthalmic disorders. 


And really, as we've said, the plan is to develop the optimal form of complement inhibition. And to do that, we're 
looking at TT30 as well as TA106, which are both compounds that we acquired in the Taligen acquisition that are 
specific alternative pathway complement blockers, as well as looking to get a read out, as we said, either late in the year 
or early in 2012, with regard to eculizumab from the IV trial in dry AMD. So I think the good news is that we have a 
battery of approaches that we can take going into the eye. We'll complete the preclinical program with TT30 and 
TA106, and hope to get a positive signal from eculizumab and then look to design further trials based on those results. 

<Q - Ying Huang>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go to Stephen Willey with Stifel, Nicolaus. 

<Q - Stephen Willey>: Yeah. Hi, good morning. I know it's still early days here within the aHUS registration plan. But 
just wondering if you could maybe comment on how you guys are thinking about a strategy outside of the U.S. and 
Europe and whether or not those approvals in each of those regions is kind of the bottleneck before you initiate those 
discussions. Thanks. 

<A - Leonard Bell, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Co-Founder>: Steve, its Lenny. Our 
strategy, actually, is to initiate discussions far earlier with important regulators outside the U.S. for aHUS than we've 
had with PNH and certainly we're well focused, of course, most importantly, outside the U.S. and Europe, on Japan. 
And that's one of the key advantage that we have for much of what we do, focusing on aHUS now, is we're four years 
into ongoing, and very successful launch, with Soliris and PNH. 

But also we built now the organizational talent across 20, 30 countries to allow us to initiate registration and also to 
follow through it much more rapidly following registration in the commercial marketplace in all these countries. So I 
think we know what our plan is and we're executing on that to spread out from U.S. and Europe much, much faster with 
aHUS that we had with PNH. 

<Q - Stephen Willey>: Great, thanks. 

<A - Leonard Bell, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Co-Founder>: Thanks, Steve. 

Operator 

We'll take our final question from Chris Raymond with Robert Baird. 

<Q - Blake Arnold>: Yeah. Hi, guys. This is Blake in for Chris. Thanks for taking my question. Just another quick 
question on aHUS in Europe, I understand that sales really shouldn't materialize until mid-2012, could you maybe talk 
about which countries you would expect to come online first? Are reimbursement timelines expected to be fairly 
similar in the major EU markets? Thanks 

<A - Leonard Bell, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Co-Founder>: Yeah. Thanks very much, 
Blake. I think that, in essence what I can describe to you is probably the very end of that list of countries is likely be 
England and that obviously has a very long process with many steps. And certainly France also has a laborious process 
and is important as well as Italy. Some of the countries and Germany certainly could come on a little bit longer, I would 
say a little bit earlier, rather. Those would be one of the earliest countries as we say towards, as early as mid-2012. I 
think I'd put Germany out at the earliest of that and the others to follow after that. 

<Q - Blake Arnold>: Great, thanks. 

<A - Leonard Bell, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Co-Founder>: Thank you. 


Operator 

We have no further questions. 

Leonard Bell 

Thank you very much, operator. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


