Q4 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Leonard Bell, M.D., Chief Executive Officer 
• Thomas Dubin, Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer 
• Vikas Sinha, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• David Hallal, Senior Vice President, Global Commercial Operations 
• Stephen Squinto, Ph.D., Executive Vice President and Head of Research & Development 
Other Participants 

• Rachel McMinn 
• Sapna Srivastava 
• Nicholas Bishop 
• David Friedman, M.D. 
• Salveen Richter 
• Brian Abrahams 
• Howard Liang 
• Robyn Karnauskas 
• M. Ian Somaiya 
• Matthew Roden 
• Geoffrey Porges 
• Mark Monane 
• Stephen Willey 
• Bret Holley 
• Eun Yang 
• Ying Huang 
• Chris Raymond 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Please stand by, we're about to begin. Good day, and welcome, everyone, to the Alexion Pharmaceuticals Incorporated 
Fourth Quarter 2010 Results Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. 

At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I will like to turn the call over to Dr. Leonard Bell. Please go 
ahead, sir. 

Leonard Bell, M.D., Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, operator. Good morning. Thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss Alexion's performance for the 
fourth quarter and full year of 2010. I'm joined by members of Alexion management: Steve Squinto, Executive Vice 
President and Head of R&D; Vikas Sinha, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; David Hallal, Senior 
Vice President, Global Commercial Operations; and Tom Dubin, Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer. We 
also welcome the global Alexion team working in the United States, Europe, Japan, Canada, Australia, and Latin 


America. 

Vikas, David, and Steve will join me on today's call to report on our financial, commercial and clinical 
accomplishments of the fourth quarter and 2010, and to describe our strategic initiatives and accelerated execution 
plans for 2011. 

Before we begin, Tom will apprise you of our potential to make forward-looking statements. Tom? 

Thomas Dubin, Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer 

Thanks, Lenny. 

During this call, we may make forward-looking statements such as expected financial results, medical benefits, patient 
numbers, and commercial potential of Soliris in PNH, aHUS, transplant and other indications; commercial and 
regulatory milestones for Soliris in different territories; plans for clinical trials of Soliris in aHUS, transplant and other 
indications, as well as development plans for other products; and operations, reimbursement, and price approval 
processes in different territories. 

Forward-looking statements are subject to factors that may cause our results and plans to differ from those expected, 
including decisions of regulatory authorities regarding approval or limitations on the marketing of Soliris for various 
indications; the possibility that results of clinical trials are not predictive of the safety and efficacy of Soliris in broader 
patient populations in the disease studied or in other diseases; the risk that third parties won't agree to license any 
necessary intellectual property to us on reasonable terms or at all; the possibility that initial results of 
commercialization are not predictive of future results; the risk that third-party payors will not or not continue to 
reimburse for the use of Soliris at acceptable rates or at all; and a variety of other risks set forth from time to time in our 
filings with the SEC, including our 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2010. We do not intend to update any of 
these forward-looking statements after this call except when a duty arises under law. 

I'd like to remind you that our reported non-GAAP numbers conform to U.S. GAAP, except only in three respects. 
First, our non-GAAP numbers exclude share-based compensation. Second, our non-GAAP numbers exclude certain 
expenses related to the Taligen and Orphatec acquisitions. And third, we exclude non-cash tax expense associated with 
using our U.S. net operating losses. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP results is included in the press release 
we issued this morning. Thank you. 

Lenny? 

Leonard Bell, M.D., Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Tom. In the fourth quarter and full year 2010, Alexion exceeded its objectives to serve patients with 
debilitating and life-threatening conditions. Now, early in 2011, we are accelerating our five key initiatives to transform 
the lives of more patients with severe and ultra-rare disorders. 

First, we are serving more patients with PNH in our core territories of the United States, Western Europe, and Japan. 
Second, we're adding new major territories to our core operations to better serve patients with PNH in the next two 
years. Third, we are accelerating the timeline to our aHUS development, regulatory plans, and global operational 
build-out. Fourth, our commitment to develop life-transforming therapies for patients with rare and severe disorders 
extends beyond eculizumab. We selected the Taligen and Orphatec programs for their close alignment with what we 
know well and we do well with regard to technology, research and development capabilities, and our overriding 
operational focus to provide life-transforming treatments for patients suffering from rare and severe medical disorders. 
And fifth, to accelerate the development of our growing portfolio of early-stage opportunities, we have established an 
internal center of excellence in translational medicine in Cambridge, Massachusetts. 


Turning first to serving the needs of patients with PNH, our goal in all countries is to continue to overcome low levels 
of disease awareness and inconsistent approaches to diagnosis. Through targeted initiatives, we are helping to ensure 
that patients with PNH no longer suffer for years without accurate diagnoses and adequate treatment. In Q4, we again 
helped physicians to optimize treatment for a significant number of new patients in our core territories, United States, 
Western Europe, and Japan. We are especially pleased that, following the strong initial launch of Soliris in Japan 
during the third quarter last year, substantial numbers of new patients started on Soliris in Q4. Further, we are now 
starting to introduce our disease awareness and diagnostic initiatives in Japan. 

The addition of Japan in 2010 represents our most significant geographic expansion since 2007. During this year and 
next, we will focus on the addition of three major countries for our core territories – Turkey, Brazil, and Russia, which 
together are home to a greater aggregate population than in the entire United States. Our efforts in all countries are 
underscored by the growing understanding of the role that Soliris plays in the survival of patients with PNH. I would 
point to two examples of this growing acknowledgement, both of which occurred in December. 

First, the Australian government concluded that Soliris treatment substantially extends the lives of patients with PNH. 
Second, independent data presented by PNH researchers at ASH demonstrated that the longer-term survival of PNH 
patients treated with Soliris is similar to the survival of healthy normal individuals. For patients and families affected 
by PNH, these findings are remarkable. For governments and other payors in countries around the world, this growing 
recognition of the long-term benefits of Soliris supports a stronger motivation to provide patients with efficient access 
to Soliris therapy. 

As we continue to achieve steady and long-term growth in PNH, we're equally focused on developing eculizumab as a 
potential treatment for patients suffering from aHUS and other rare and severe disorders. With regard to aHUS, 
researchers at the ASN meeting in November presented highly encouraging data from two Phase II trials. We have now 
completed dosing of patients in both of these trials. 

Following feedback from regulatory authorities, and given the strength of the aHUS data, we now expect to submit 
applications in the United States and Europe near mid-2011. Assuming successful regulatory interactions, this would 
lead to further commercial build-out for aHUS in 2011, with potential U.S. and European launches commencing in the 
first half of 2012. 

Beyond eculizumab, the recent Taligen and Orphatec acquisitions underscore our commitment to develop 
life-transforming therapies for patients with rare and severe disorders. We remain committed to our mission to serve 
these patients despite the added risks associated with developing therapies for patients with ultra rare disorders. Our 
Cambridge-based Translational Medicine Group was formed to accelerate the development of the combined Alexion 
and Taligen early-stage portfolios, as well as additional novel investigational treatments including the highly innovative 
product that we have just acquired from Orphatec. 

Orphatec's product candidate targets the treatment of patients with molybdenum cofactor deficiency, or MoCD Type A. 
MoCD is a ultra-rare metabolic disorder affecting newborns in which a genetic mutation leads to a deficiency in cPMP 
causing catastrophic brain damage, with survival generally measured in only weeks or months. 

cPMP deficiency leads to accumulations of neurotoxic sulfite, resulting in uncontrollable seizures, severe and rapid 
neurological damage, and death. MoCD is among the rarest and most deadly disorders that can affect a newborn, and as 
with most conditions of this rarity, families have endured additional suffering because there has been little basic 
research and virtually no drug development for treating newborns with this condition. Today however, there is hope 
that a safe and effective cPMP replacement therapy will grow out of the pioneering research and extraordinary efforts 
of dedicated investigators in Germany and in Australia. 

Our metabolic replacement therapy is designed to prevent the severe brain damage and early mortality in newborns 
with this devastating genetic disorder. In this context, I would note that there has been very encouraging initial clinical 
experience with this replacement therapy in several newborns. Based upon the extreme clinical need and these 
encouraging early results, we are committed to accelerating the development of this highly innovative therapy to 
transform the lives of these children and their families. 


As we look at these two transactions, I would also like to point out that we have efficiently executed the substantial 
expansion of our research portfolio in a highly strategic manner, staying very close within our areas of expertise, using 
only cash on hand, focusing on delivering long-term growth, and maintaining our objective to keep R&D expenses 
within our target of 18% of revenues. 

Turning to our financial performance, revenues in Q4 grew to $156 million, bringing our revenues for the full year to 
$541 million, which was above our upwardly revised guidance, an increase of 40% compared to 2009. By serving an 
increasing number of patients while maintaining our financial discipline, we achieve 2010 non-GAAP net income of 
$1.78 per share, or $167 million, a 54% increase year-over-year. 

Turning to our guidance, we are forecasting 2011 revenue of $715 million to $735 million, which represents an 
increase of approximately 35% over 2010. Moreover, as we drive to expand our global hematology operations and pull 
forward our global aHUS operational build-out, we expect to keep our overall SG&A at no more than 38% of revenues 
in 2011. Likewise, as we accelerate our innovative pipeline development, we expect to continue to maintain R&D 
expenses at 18% of revenues in 2011. 

As a result of strong top-line growth, coupled with operational build-out and strategic R&D investment, we are guiding 
non-GAAP EPS for 2011 in the range of $2.10 to $2.25 per share. 

Following our strong performance in 2010, we are moving at an accelerated pace in 2011 to execute more rapidly on 
our commitment to transform the lives of patients with severe and untreated rare disorders. Our focus is to serve more 
patients with PNH in our core territories and other nations in 2011, while realizing the potential of our growing 
portfolio of highly innovative product candidates and our enhanced research capabilities. 

At this point, I'll turn the call over to Vikas for a more detailed look at our financial results. Vikas? 

Vikas Sinha, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Lenny. As we reported in this morning's press release, Q4 was another quarter of strong sales profitability and 
cash flow for Alexion. 

Looking first at revenues, in Q4 2010, we achieved steady top line growth, primarily in our core geographies, the U.S., 
Western Europe, and Japan. Net product sales of Soliris were $156 million in Q4 2010, an increase of 41% compared 
to Q4 2009. For the full year, we recorded sales of $541 million in 2010, an increase of 40% compared to 2009. The 

U.S. represented 28% of sales, Europe 51%, and ROW 11%. 
In the fourth year of the Soliris launch, our U.S. business continued to grow robustly at 29% year-over-year in 2010, 
while revenues from Europe and ROW on a constant-currency basis grew at an even higher rate. 

As we increased sales by 40%, we limited non-GAAP operating expense growth to 30%. Total non-GAAP operating 
expenses for the year were $294 million, which was within our expense guidance. SG&A was slightly above guidance 
in 2010, primarily due to Alexion's growing global operations and our enhanced participation at medical conferences. 
As a result of exceeding our revenue guidance while maintaining financial discipline on our overall expenses, we were 
able to report 2010 non-GAAP EPS of $1.78 per diluted share. This was an increase of 51% year-on-year. 

Turning to our balance sheet. Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities grew to $361.6 million at the end of 
2010, compared to $176.2 million at the end of 2009. The $114 million payments for the two acquisitions offered 
subsequent to year-end. 

Now I'd like to comment on the Taligen and Orphatec acquisitions. We have very efficiently executed the substantial 
expansion in our research portfolio in a strategic manner, staying within our areas of expertise, using only available 
cash for the two acquisitions, focusing on delivering long-term growth, and maintaining our commitment to keep 
non-GAAP R&D expenses within our target of approximately 18% of revenues. Lastly, the two transactions will 
impact our Q1 expenses for GAAP purposes only by approximately $11 million. 


Turning to our 2011 guidance, I'd like to note that similar to prior years, we expect that Q1 sales will be impacted due 
to fewer shipping days compared to Q4. 

Looking at the full-year non-GAAP guidance, I would like to highlight some additional key points. First, we are 
guiding strong top line year-on-year revenue growth of approximately 35%, to a range of $715 million to $735 million. 
Second, we expect 2011 SG&A cost to be approximately 38% of sales, which would reflect a reduction in our SG&A 
related to our PNH business from 37% in 2010, to 34% in 2011. 

At the same time in 2011, we are making an additional global investment of approximately $35 million, or 4% of sales, 
as we pull forward the operational build-out for aHUS. As such, we are guiding that we expect SG&A to be $270 
million to $280 million in 2011. I note that we have factored the strength of foreign currency against the U.S. dollar 
into our expense guidance. 

Third, as we expand and accelerate our development programs, our R&D guidance for 2011 is still expected to be 
maintained at approximately 18% of sales, or $128 million to $138 million. Fourth, we expect the GAAP tax rate to be 
in the range of 30% to 32%, and the non-GAAP tax rate, which excludes the non-cash expense associated with our U.S. 
NOLs, in the range of 10% to 12%. 

Finally, turning to our performance per share, I would like to note that we have reduced the number of new options 
granted year-over-year despite substantial increases in global stock over the same period. However, as you know, the 
treasury method of accounting requires a company to include a greater number of shares in its share count in order to 
account for the increased value of previously-issued options. As a result, I'm noting the share appreciation over the 
second half of 2010, and despite the reduced number of new options granted, we anticipate 97 million shares 
outstanding in 2011. 

Therefore, as a result of strong top line growth coupled with aHUS operational build-out and strategic R&D 
investments, we are guiding non-GAAP EPS for 2010 in the range of $2.10 to $2.25 per share. 

Overall, we are very pleased with our financial performance in 2010, and we are committed to maintaining a high level 
of financial discipline as we invest in better health for patients in the future. 

At this point, I'll turn the call over to David who will provide an update of our Global Commercial Operations. David? 

David Hallal, Senior Vice President, Global Commercial Operations 

Thanks, Vikas. During 2010, we achieved steady Soliris growth of 42% year-on-year on a constant-currency basis 
around the world. At the time same time during 2010, we started to put in place the global infrastructure we will use to 
serve more patients with PNH and aHUS. 

In Q4, our 15th quarter of commercialization, we continued to observe significant numbers of new patient starts in the 
U.S., Western Europe, and Japan, our core territories. The cumulative impact of our PNH disease awareness and 
diagnostic initiatives in these territories was clearly reflected in our performance in 2010. Throughout the year, we 
achieved steady and deeper penetration in the U.S. and Europe, onto which we added a successful initial launch of 
Soliris in Japan in the second half of 2010. 

In the U.S., where we have been operating for nearly four years, we grew our business by 29% in 2010 over the prior 
year. In Q4, we continue to observe that the majority of new patients who started on Soliris therapy were also newly 
diagnosed during the quarter. While we continue to have great success, this underscores our view that the majority of 
patients with PNH in all territories have yet to receive an accurate diagnosis and appropriate treatment. To assist the 
medical community in improving the care of these patients, we are continually increasing the reach of our disease 
awareness and diagnostic programs. These programs serve to educate an increasing number of hematologists and 
oncologists about the devastating nature of PNH, as well as which patients are at higher likelihood for having the 
disease. 


Through this education, in 2010 in the U.S., we continue to observe a strong increase in demand for PNH testing over 
the prior year. Likewise, our identification of new patients continues to progress in Europe and Japan, indicating the 
early success of our initiatives in these territories. Increased demand for PNH testing has created an imperative for 
broader availability of high-quality PNH diagnostic services, which led the International Clinical Cytometry Society to 
develop and publish guidelines for PNH laboratory testing in 2010. These guidelines have helped to shift the global 
PNH diagnostic landscape, as many flow cytometry labs change their PNH testing methods to comply with this new 
global standard. Our efforts, combined with those of healthcare providers, are positively influencing the entire cycle of 
care for patients, from a patient being newly diagnosed with PNH, to a patient rapidly receiving appropriate treatment. 

During this year and next, we will focus on the addition of three major countries to our core territories, Turkey, Brazil, 
and Russia, which are home to a greater aggregate population than the entire U.S. Separately, we are also further 
expanding the patient population that we serve in more than a dozen additional smaller nations. 

In 2010, our commercial efforts were again supported by a growing body of clinical evidence regarding the long-term 
use of Soliris as a treatment for patients with PNH. Some of the most compelling Soliris data since launch was 
presented at the ASH conference in December. A retrospective analysis from the Korean PNH registry reinforced that 
elevated LDH, indicating increased hemolysis, is a statistically significant predictor of premature mortality in patients 
with PNH. This adds further support to our messaging since launch that reducing hemolysis is the primary objective of 
therapy. 

In a second study, long-term treatment with Soliris in 195 trial patients demonstrated rapid and sustained reduction of 
LDH for 36 months in all patients. More than half of these patients showed a marked improvement in long-term kidney 
function. 

Finally, independent European investigators showed that 79 patients treated with Soliris for up to eight years had 
survival rates similar to an age and gender matched population of normal individuals. This contrasted with the 
observation by the same investigators prior to the Soliris availability of a 35% mortality rate with best supportive care. 
The growing recognition of the long-term benefits of Soliris treatment among international experts reinforces a stronger 
underpinning for governments and other payors to provide efficient access to Soliris therapy for patients in countries 
around the world. 

Beyond PNH, based on the highly encouraging Phase II data from our aHUS studies, and in line with our intention to 
submit aHUS marketing applications for Soliris in the U.S. and Europe near mid-year, we are continuing to build out 
our global nephrology franchise in preparation for an anticipated commercial launch next year. 

We continue to gain a deeper understanding of the market dynamics, both diagnostic and therapeutic, that patients and 
families with aHUS encounter. The early phases of our disease awareness campaign are underway to help educate 
physicians that chronic uncontrolled complement activation is the underlying cause of the morbidities and mortality in 
aHUS, and that thrombotic microangiopathy, or TMA, is the cause of life-threatening damage to vital organs including 
the kidney. 

As we move into 2011, our objective is to help transform the lives of patients suffering from an increasing number of 
ultra rare and devastating diseases, and we look forward to accelerated accomplishments in 2011. 

Now I'll turn the call over to Steve, who will review our expanding pipeline initiatives. Steve? 

Stephen Squinto, Ph.D., Executive Vice President and Head of Research & 
Development 

Thanks, David. 2010 was a year of important progress in our diverse pipeline programs, targeted to helping severely ill 
patients who lack adequate treatment options. Most notably, we completed two Phase II trials for patients suffering 
from aHUS and announced very encouraging data at the ASN meeting in November. 


As we enter 2011, we look to accelerate the development of our highly innovative and now growing pipeline portfolio. 
I will begin by discussing aHUS, the lead development program in our nephrology therapeutic area. 

We have completed the 26-week dosing regimen for both the plasma therapy resistant and chronic plasma therapy 
clinical trials, and we expect data to be published later this year. Now that these trials are complete, we have begun the 
process of reviewing the final results. Following feedback from regulatory authorities and given the strength of the 
aHUS data, we now expect to submit applications in the U.S. and EU near mid-year. Additionally, as previously 
discussed, we are conducting a study in children and a separate study in adults with aHUS. 

I'd like to now highlight key aspects of our expanding pipeline programs with eculizumab. In our nephrology 
therapeutic area, eculizumab is being investigated as a treatment for patients undergoing kidney transplant who are at 
elevated risk of acute humoral rejection or AHR. Further interim results from the pilot kidney prophylaxis trial being 
conducted at the Mayo Clinic were presented at the ASN meeting in November. Encouraging data from 24 transplant 
patients demonstrated that eculizumab treatment significantly reduced AHR, post transplant plasma therapy, and 
splenectomy relative to the historical control group. Eculizumab was well tolerated. We expect enrollment in this 
transplant study to be completed in the first half of 2011. 

Separately, investigator-initiated transplant trials continue in patients with known ABO blood-type incompatibility and 
in deceased donor settings. Turning to the next steps in transplant, we have progressed our discussions with regulators. 
Based upon our current discussions, we now expect that we will initiate separate company-sponsored multinational 
kidney transplant studies in patients at elevated risk of AHR in mid-2011. One of these multinational studies will be for 
patients receiving living donor grafts and the second for patients receiving deceased donor grafts. 

In addition to these lead programs, eculizumab continues to be evaluated in a number of investigator-initiated studies in 
the areas of nephrology, hematology, and neurology. These include patients with dense deposit disease, T3 
nephropathy, cold agglutinin disease, and neuromyelitis optica. Preliminary data from several of these IITs are 
expected by year-end. In the second half of this year, we expect to begin Alexion-sponsored Phase II studies of 
eculizumab as a treatment for patients with TTB and CAPS. 

Regarding our Phase II study in myasthenia gravis, we have closed enrollment at 14 patients and expect to have 
preliminary data this year. If the data are positive, we will evaluate the potential for a second study. 

I would like to discuss our two recent acquisitions. As Lenny noted, our newly-formed translational medicine group at 
Alexion headed by Dr. Abbie Celniker, the former CEO of Taligen, will enable us to accelerate Taligen's highly 
innovative product candidates targeting patients with devastating and ultra rare disorders. As a result of this 
acceleration, we expect to commence new clinical studies in rare diseases with Taligen's novel first-in-class 
complement inhibitors with the next 12 to 24 months. 

We have further expanded our commitment to develop and deliver highly innovative treatments for patients and their 
families suffering from devastating ultra rare disorders with our acquisition this morning of Orphatec's innovative 
product candidate cPMP for the treatment of MoCD Type A. Given the extreme need for this potentially life-saving 
treatment, our new Translational Medicine Group is accelerating this program. Our next steps are to generate cPMP 
clinical supplies and expedite IND-enabling studies. Our sense of urgency is driven by the absence of available 
treatments together with the very encouraging positive early clinical experience with cPMP. 

At this point, I would like to highlight our ophthalmology programs, which have now been importantly expanded with 
the acquisition of early-stage product candidates from Taligen. To review the current program, an ongoing intravenous 
proof of concept Phase II study is being conducted with eculizumab in patients with the dry form of age-related 
macular degeneration, or dry AMD. We expect enrollment in this IIT to be completed in the first half of 2011, with 
preliminary data expected late in the year. With regard to Taligen's programs, it is well established that AMD is linked 
to uncontrolled activation of the alternative complement pathway, thus, by accelerating the investigation of Taligen's 
distinct and targeted alternative pathway complement inhibitors, while also completing our proof of concept studies 
with eculizumab, we are now best positioned to execute our plan of developing the optimal form of complement 
inhibition for local ophthalmic use. 


Separately, and as we have previously noted, we remain on track to enter clinical trials with a novel anti-inflammatory 
antibody already in Alexion's portfolio in mid-2011, and separately with samalizumab in patients with a rare solid 
tumor in the latter part of the year. 

In closing, I would like to welcome the members of the Taligen team to Alexion. I look forward to working with Abbie 
and her team as she heads the Translational Medicine Group at Alexion to accelerate the development of our growing 
portfolio of product candidates. Looking at the year ahead, I can say that there has truly never been a more exciting and 
promising time with regard to therapeutic innovation at Alexion. 

Lenny? 

Leonard Bell, M.D., Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Steve. As Alexion enters 2011, we are moving more rapidly on our key initiatives to serve patients with PNH 
and other rare, debilitating, and life-threatening disorders. We thank our talented global staff and the dedicated 
physicians, researchers, and of course, patients who help to make our efforts possible. Our commitment is to build on 
our accomplishments in 2010 to accelerate the transformation of even more patients' lives in 2011. 

At this point, we'll take questions. Operator? 

Q&A 

Operator 

Yes, sir, thank you. [Operator Instructions] 

<A - Leonard Bell, M.D.>: Why are there no questions, but 


Operator 

We have some questions, sir. 

<A - Leonard Bell, M.D., Chief Executive Officer>: Oh, okay. 

Operator 

Our first question comes from Rachel McMinn with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Rachel McMinn>: Congrats on a good quarter. I wanted to I guess peel back the guidance a little bit. It looks like 
the guidance is assuming a kind of a range of $9 million to $11 million average sequential quarterly gains, and in 2010, 
if we kind of calculate the average, it's a little bit over $11 million. So is there any reason why the gains actually would 
soften in 2011? It seems like there's a lot of momentum, especially in the back half of the year. 

<A - Vikas Sinha, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, Rachel, this is Vikas here. The back 
half of the year, we saw a bolus of patients come in in Japan into Q3, and then a carryover on the Q4 side. I think we 
will move into a normalized level going into 2011. Q1 will be a little light, but then it'll – because of the less shipping 
days, but then Q2, Q3, Q4, we will see similar rates, as you mentioned. 

<Q - Rachel McMinn>: And then in terms of, I guess, the ex-U.S./U.S. split, it looks like maybe a little over $200 
million for U.S. sales. Do you have any sense of how much of that is aHUS, and does your guidance include any 
aHUS? Thanks. 


<A - Leonard Bell, M.D., Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, thanks, Rachel, it's Lenny again. Very little actually 
includes anything unrelated to PNH. We certainly do expect during the year some early access programs, towards the 
latter part of the year in particular, as Vikas mentioned, most likely to be in some of the European countries that have 
established programs. 

<Q - Rachel McMinn>: Great. Thanks very much. I'll hop back in the queue. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from Sapna Srivastava with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Sapna Srivastava>: Thanks for taking my question. First of all, congratulations on a strong quarter. Just two 
questions. One was, Lenny, just on the aHUS filing strategy. Have you had any conversations with the FDA to 
reinforce your conviction in your current strategy? 

And secondly, just for Vikas, could you help us understand what assumptions are driving your projected acceleration 
for the share count in 2011? And also, should we see the margins for 2011 as a run rate going forward? 

<A - Leonard Bell, M.D., Chief Executive Officer>: Do you want me to answer the share count or Vikas the FDA, or 
what do you think? Just kidding. 

<Q - Sapna Srivastava>: Whatever you think is appropriate. 

<A - Leonard Bell, M.D., Chief Executive Officer>: Fair enough. So, thanks very much, Sapna. So we have had 
discussions over the time with the FDA, and also separately we had with European regulators, and based upon that and 
our view of the data, we are very encouraged, which is why we've kind of moved up and accelerated the timing towards 
a mid-2011 for submission in both U.S. and Europe. It also now impacts, as Vikas and I and David described, our 
earlier-than-anticipated operational build-out in aHUS, which I think is somewhere approximate $35 million in SG&A 
in 2011, preparing for that first half of 2012 anticipated sequential launches in U.S. and then in sequence, a variety of 
European countries. 

<A - Vikas Sinha, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: And Sapna, on the number share count, as 
I've mentioned into my – earlier, the number of shares that – options that we have been issuing has gone down year 
after year. However, with the treasury method of accounting that we follow for counting the share outstanding, when 
the share price moves up, the number of options that get counted into the share count also goes up. So that's the reason 
why the number goes up from 95 to 97 next year. 

<Q - Sapna Srivastava>: And just on the margins, Vikas? 

<A - Vikas Sinha, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: What specifically is the question on 
margins? 

<Q - Sapna Srivastava>: How should we look at the rate going forward? Just like, what you're projecting for 2011, 
should we assume that for the forward years? 

<A - Vikas Sinha, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: This is operating margin you're talking 
about? Or gross margin? 

<Q - Sapna Srivastava>: Gross margins. Gross margin, sorry. 

<A - Vikas Sinha, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Oh, gross margin. That's a very good 
question. As you know, we've received approval in the U.S. for our manufacturing plant in mid-2010, and we started 
selling drug product produced by the plant in late 2010, that is, Q4. Now, because 2010 was a start-up period for our 
production at the plant, volumes were somewhat lower than what we expect going forward. So in line with our 
objective to maintain adequate levels of inventory at all times, the higher cost from the low volumes will mainly impact 
'11 and probably half of '12. And – in any case, it will be within the 13% range, and then I think will go back towards 


the 12% range after that. 

<Q - Sapna Srivastava>: Perfect. Thank you so much. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from Nick Bishop with Cowen and Company. 

<Q - Nicholas Bishop>: Hi, guys. Congratulations on the great quarter. I just have a couple questions. I guess the first 
one would be, do you have a regulatory strategy at this point for potential filing of aHUS in Japan? Or any additional 
trials for that, or what's the plan there? 

<A - Leonard Bell, M.D., Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks very much for that question, Nick. So we actually are 
focusing over the next quarter or so of finalizing that strategy, and certainly we believe that strategy will take on the 
observed very rare incidence of aHUS in Japan, and also take on now our established marketplace with Soliris in PNH 
in Japan which provides us a better position to have discussions now with PMDA and separately with MHLW. So I 
think we'd be able to update you probably by mid-year. 

<Q - Nicholas Bishop>: Okay. Thanks for that. And then I wondered a little bit more about your recent acquisition 
announced this morning of the cPMP candidate. Two questions I guess on that. I just quickly investigated that this 
morning, and I guess there have been maybe 130 or so diagnoses of this in the past. How many patients would you 
guess there might be? And second question is, what kind of – what's the IP status around that molecule? 

<A - Leonard Bell, M.D., Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks very much, Nick. The first thing I would comment is 
that molybdenum cofactor deficiency is an extraordinarily devastating disease affecting infants and their families which 
is unfortunate and devastating, which is why we're committed to it. It's an extremely rare disorder. And one can 
actually look and try and identify or estimate extremely low incidences of per-live birth that have been reported in 
various settings. It's along the same lines, for example, as one might see in some other very devastating infant newborn 
errors in metabolism, for example. We don't actually project numbers, and we're very much focused on trying to move 
forward as quickly with cPMP, based upon the extraordinary efforts undertaken in Germany and Australia to date. 
Steve, do you want to 


<A - Stephen Squinto, Ph.D.>: Yeah, regarding the IP, there is an issued patent, a U.S./Europe patent that covers the 
technology quite well. In addition, we think there's going to be significant opportunity for additional filings, just based 
on working through the routes of synthesis on the molecule. 

<Q - Nicholas Bishop>: Okay. Thanks. I'll get back in the queue. Thanks, guys. 

<A - Leonard Bell, M.D., Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Nick. 

Operator 

And we'll now move on to David Friedman with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - David Friedman, M.D.>: Hi. Thanks. Could you just describe the steps between now and starting the transplant 
trials? And what are the final details left that need to be settled and what conversations need to be had with regulatory 
agencies? Or is it more just a question of kind of locking in a protocol and getting your site set up? 

<A - Leonard Bell, M.D., Chief Executive Officer>: David 


<A - Stephen Squinto, Ph.D., Executive Vice President and Head of Research & Development>: Yeah, David, 
thanks. We've had actually pretty good productive conversations recently with the regulators about the trial design and 
the strategy. And so we're feeling pretty bullish about the idea of moving that trial now forward, I think as we said this 
morning on the call, mid-year. 


<Q - David Friedman, M.D.>: Okay. So are there any other – are there any regulatory steps that need to happen 
before you start the trials, or is it all just on your end getting everything set up? 

<A - Stephen Squinto, Ph.D., Executive Vice President and Head of Research & Development>: No, as I said, 
we've had some pretty good discussions. We continue to have discussions with the FDA, but are feeling pretty good 
about where things stand right now and are looking to complete the protocol design and get that filed. 

<Q - David Friedman, M.D.>: Okay. And then just lastly, is this – the new molybdenum cofactor deficiency, is that a 
disease that is tested for routinely by newborn screening anywhere in the world? 

<A - Leonard Bell, M.D., Chief Executive Officer>: David, thank you very much for also – first, of course, the effort 
that I appreciate, and that's in trying to pronounce molybdenum, but in addition, for your question. So the answer is, it's 
a disease that could easily be tested broadly, and there are relatively easy tests that – there are currently are dipstick 
tests for urine presence of sulfide. So it could actually be potentially added to screening tests in different states in the 
United States and different countries in the world. 

<Q - David Friedman, M.D.>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Leonard Bell, M.D., Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, David. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from Salveen Richter with Collins Stewart. 

<Q - Salveen Richter>: Thanks for taking my questions. Could you just comment on which countries are included in 
your 2011 Soliris revenue guidance, in terms of geographic expansion? 

<A - Leonard Bell, M.D., Chief Executive Officer>: Which countries are included in our 2011 – so 


<Q - Salveen Richter>: So in – when you've provided guidance for 2011, which countries are you including? 

<A - Leonard Bell, M.D., Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. Sure. Yeah, so we basically haven't sort of detailed 
through country-by-country, but we've certainly described that our core countries are Western Europe, and in addition 
to that, the country also obviously includes the United States, and then obviously our second largest country, Japan. 
There are a smattering of other countries that are certainly included. Those would be some of the smaller countries in 
Europe outside Western Europe. It also includes Australia, starting this year certainly. It includes some small 
contributions in Latin America, for example. No contributions from Russia, very small contributions from Turkey. 
Does that give you sort of the buffet? 

<Q - Salveen Richter>: Yeah. That's helpful, thank you. And then how should we think about AMD? So you have 
Soliris and the investigator-sponsored trials for dry AMD, and you've got the Taligen compound as well now in house. 
And is that going to be for dry or wet, and are you looking at having one drug for – that's going to be a topical 
formulation, versus a drug that isn't? So how should we think about the outlook for this, I guess AMD franchise? 

<A - Leonard Bell, M.D., Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. So the first comment I'd make, certainly Steve and I in 
particular are extremely excited about accelerating the development of the Taligen compounds across a variety of 
different indications. They represent the culmination of very clever, very thoughtful science, and unique opportunities 
to really help patients who otherwise would not be able to be helped. And that includes across both rare diseases, and 
also ophthalmic diseases. 

We certainly, as others do, recognize the difference between those two medical conditions, and in ophthalmic 
conditions, we're particularly focused on identifying really, from a stable of compounds, which the Taligen ones are 
extremely exciting to us, the very best opportunity to help patients. And so we have two or three different shots on goal, 
basically, really from Taligen compounds, to take advantage of the intra-ophthalmic administration of which those 
compounds are really in many ways have an advantage, and that will allow us to pick and optimize the best outcome 


for patients. Steve, do you 


<A - Stephen Squinto, Ph.D., Executive Vice President and Head of Research & Development>: I think you said it 
pretty much all. The only thing I would add is that I think the literature teaches pretty convincingly that the alternative 
complement pathway is critical, not only for dry AMD, but for wet AMD as well. So I think there are opportunities in 
both, and as Lenny said, I think now, with a larger arsenal of approaches that one can take, we're looking forward to 
moving this forward and getting these things tested. 

<Q - Salveen Richter>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Brian Abrahams with Wells Fargo Securities. 

<Q - Brian Abrahams>: Hi. Thanks for taking my question, and congratulations on a solid quarter. So question for 
David about expanding Soliris into milder PNH patients. You have patients who haven't yet developed thrombotic 
events or renal dysfunction. Just wondering how significant – or how large is this opportunity among these diagnosed 
but maybe untreated patients? What are some of the ways that you might be able to move Soliris into this – these, I 
guess, or milder patients? And you mentioned some interesting data you presented at ASH, both on survival and a 
correlation of LDH to outcomes. To what extent might you be able to leverage that data to potentially target this earlier 
stage population? 

<A - David Hallal, Senior Vice President, Global Commercial Operations>: Thanks, Brian. It's a great question. 
We think that, as I mentioned earlier in the call, the data from the PNH registry in Korea is very important, as it really 
did demonstrate that it's elevated LDH, which suggests ongoing hemolysis in patients with PNH, is the predictor of 
mortality. So that while a physician may not be observing that the patient is suffering from thrombotic events, elevated 
hemolysis or abdominal pain could be an early predictor of such an event. So it really is, as I mentioned, aligned with 
our messaging since launch, and it does it help us to we think paint a picture of how earlier intervention can avoid poor 
outcomes for patients with PNH. 

<Q - Brian Abrahams>: Got it. And then, just a quick question on aHUS. Can you clarify, I guess how much data 
from the ongoing pediatric study do you believe the regulators will require at the time of filing and prior to label 
expansion? And do you expect to need to run a Phase III ultimately in this indication, even if the label is expanded 
based on the Phase IIs? Thanks. 

<A - Stephen Squinto, Ph.D., Executive Vice President and Head of Research & Development>: You're just – so 
first of all, I think we've already described with Lenny that we've had discussions regarding a registration study for 
eculizumab in pediatric patients with aHUS, and that study is currently open, screening and enrolling patients. So that's 
our expectation. We've designed it, we've agreed with regulators in the U.S. and Europe, and the study is open and 
enrolling. Does that answer your question, or? 

<Q - Brian Abrahams>: I guess I was just wondering how much data from that study do you think will be required, 
and whether or not you think you'll need to run a Phase III in aHUS, even post-approval in that setting? 

<A - Stephen Squinto, Ph.D., Executive Vice President and Head of Research & Development>: So the pediatric 
study that's we believe is successful and sufficient for registration in pediatrics in aHUS will have about 10, 15 patients 
in it. 

<Q - Brian Abrahams>: Okay. 

<A - Stephen Squinto, Ph.D., Executive Vice President and Head of Research & Development>: Does that -- we 
think that will be sufficient for registration in and of itself. 

<Q - Brian Abrahams>: Thank you very much. 


<A - Stephen Squinto, Ph.D., Executive Vice President and Head of Research & Development>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Howard Liang with Leerink Swann. 

<Q - Howard Liang>: Thanks very much. So regarding CAPS, I think you're starting the trial later this year. Is there 
anything you're waiting for before starting the company-sponsored trial, or is that primarily resources issue? 

<A - Leonard Bell, M.D., Chief Executive Officer>: No, it's just basically design of the protocol and selecting the 
appropriate endpoints, lining up the key clinical investigators. That's pretty much it. 

<Q - Howard Liang>: Okay, great. And question for Vikas. Can you give the year-over-year growth in Europe for 
Soliris? 

<A - Vikas Sinha, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Year-over-year growth. So, year-over-year 
growth-wise, on a constant-currency basis, it works out to around 32%. And if we take – the exchange rate makes it a 
little bit difficult otherwise. 

<Q - Howard Liang>: Thanks very much. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from Robyn Karnauskas with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Robyn Karnauskas>: Hi, guys. Congratulations on the great quarter, and thanks for taking my questions. I guess 
my first question is, how many patients have you enrolled so far in the all-comers in pediatric study? And have you 
gained any additional clarity on the aHUS market and the market dynamics going into a launch? 

<A - Leonard Bell, M.D., Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks very much, Robyn. We're just started actually enrolling 
patients in that pediatric registration study, so it's just a – several patients, really. David, do you want to comment 
regarding our view of aHUS? 

<A - David Hallal, Senior Vice President, Global Commercial Operations>: Yeah. As we mentioned, we certainly 
are building out our global nephrology therapeutic area, and in light of that, trying to gain a better understanding of the 
issues that patients have to deal with with this disease, both diagnostic and therapeutic. So we're undertaking a fair 
amount of market research now with nephrologists and hematologists alike, and understanding the knowledge or 
knowledge gap about the disease itself, diagnostic procedures to identify those patients with the disease, and then 
ultimately what the role of the product may be, if – when we get to that point with a potential launch next year. 

<Q - Robyn Karnauskas>: Great. And do you know – I guess on the new market opportunities, do you know which of 
the new – of the Phase II trials will read out first? And on AMD, given there's some debate about the right route of 
administration, what are you guys going to be looking for as far as helping you make that decision, as far as whether to 
remain an infusion or do an injection? 

<A - Leonard Bell, M.D., Chief Executive Officer>: I'll start with the AMD first. We're actually certainly focused 
and convinced, as we've said many times, that intra-ophthalmic is probably the better approach with regard to AMD. 
We have said and continue to believe that the intravenous systemic administration of eculizumab is a proof in principle, 
proof of concepts really study. 

And as I mentioned earlier actually in the call, we're very, very much focused on the fact that we now have some very, 
very exciting alternative pathway inhibitors that we're excited to move forward very aggressively towards 
intra-ophthalmic administration for AMD, as well as moving them forward of course in a very accelerated fashion for 
systemic administration for rare diseases. Steve, do you want to talk about the timing? 


<A - Stephen Squinto, Ph.D., Executive Vice President and Head of Research & Development>: Yeah. In terms of 
timing, I think as we said on the call this morning, we do have several investigator-initiated programs underway, and 
we would expect that several of them will have data reported out towards the end of the year. In terms of the exact 
timing, I think at this point it's a little too early to say. 

<Q - Robyn Karnauskas>: Okay, great. 

Operator 

And we'll now take our next question from Ian Somaiya with Piper Jaffray. 

<Q - M. Ian Somaiya>: Thanks. A couple of questions. One on the Soliris opportunity in PNH. When we think about 
it on a global basis, if I were to piece together comments that you all have made over the course of the past 12 months, 
I can come up with a revenue potential of $2 billion to $3 billion outside the U.S., outside of western Europe. So I just 
want to get a sense of what other considerations should we make outside of just the patient numbers? How has – how 
challenging has reimbursement been in some of these eastern European countries, as you go – move into Latin 
America, as you move to Asia, and are there other considerations that we should think about? 

<A - Leonard Bell, M.D., Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Ian, very much. Just to give you a snapshot, we 
currently provide the commercially available Soliris in about 25 countries around the world. So there are many, many, 
many countries that we have not really actually even accessed at all. 

Second, so to give you sort of a snapshot of where we are, there's much more in front of us, both in population and 
countries large and small, as we pointed out today. Second, reimbursement is a key aspect, and access is extremely 
important. We have enormous amounts of experience now outside of the United States, particularly in Europe, 
Australia, and I would point to Japan as well, where we've been very, very effective in advocating on behalf of patients 
with a life-threatening disease who need access to this treatment. 

And I think actually that, as David pointed out, the additional data presented by independent investigators from 
England, describing, in their view, that survival is similar with Soliris as to what it would be in a normal, healthy 
individual, is striking, actually. 

And I think on a different level, the conclusion of one of the most rigorous payors in the world, the government of 
Australia, that Soliris substantially extends lives is also maybe less scientifically remarkable, but probably more on 
point, as regards governments being more motivated to provide access to Soliris for patients with PNH. 

We don't generally – as you know, we provide guidance as we see it based upon our risk opportunity view, and we 
provided that today for 2011, and we don't really provide out-year guidance. But I think that's giving you a view that 
we feel that the opportunities for Soliris have meaningfully strengthened across all of our geographies in PNH alone, let 
alone the other opportunities. 

<Q - M. Ian Somaiya>: Okay. And just to follow up on the guidance, just on the expense side for Vikas. How much of 
the spending in 2011, how much of that is pulled forward, given the accelerated timeline for aHUS and potentially even 
the transplants clinical trials, and how much of that is the sort of the new run rate going forward? 

<A - Vikas Sinha, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Run rate going forward is a difficult one to 
talk about, because in 2011, as we mentioned, PNH would be approximately 24% of sales, and aHUS buildup is around 
4% of sales, so that altogether works around $$270 million to $280 million. We're dedicating approximately $35 
million for aHUS. 

<Q - M. Ian Somaiya>: Okay, I'll leave it there. 

<A - Leonard Bell, M.D., Chief Executive Officer>: I'd also note that the investment of only $35 million for starting 
the initial parts of global launch of a drug does in itself actually indicate substantial operating leverage in the company. 


Next question. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Matt Roden with UBS. 

<Q - Matthew Roden>: Hi, thanks for taking my question. From a regulatory perspective, how do you expect the 
chronic dosing in aHUS is going to be dealt with? What do you think the recommendations will be for – in the label, 
and when would you expect to see maybe some updates, clinical updates that would help clarify how chronic dosing 
would be handled? 

<A - Leonard Bell, M.D., Chief Executive Officer>: Well I think the first comment is, the trials were designed to be a 
26-week dosing schedule, and actually, with an extension phase as well, so all of these patients are on a regimen of 
chronic dosing. So I would expect that that's what we'll discuss with the regulators. 

<Q - Matthew Roden>: Okay. And then on the commercial side, as you look forward to Turkey, Brazil, and Russia, 
you mentioned the size of the PNH populations there. What proportion of those populations do you view as 
reimbursable or otherwise reachable from the commercial perspective? 

<A - David Hallal, Senior Vice President, Global Commercial Operations>: Yes, it's a very good question, 
actually. The reimbursable population is approximately equal to or slightly greater than the reimbursable population in 
the United States. 

<Q - Matthew Roden>: Okay. Thanks for taking the questions. 

<A - David Hallal, Senior Vice President, Global Commercial Operations>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll now move on to Geoff Porges with Bernstein. 

<Q - Geoffrey Porges>: Thanks very much for letting me jump in here. Vikas, one question for you, which is given 
the current trajectory that the company is on, could you update us on when we should anticipate that the GAAP and 
non-GAAP tax rates start to become more aligned? 

And then just another question on this aHUS. Would you – is it fair, first of all, for us to be assuming 30% higher price 
for aHUS per patient than PNH? And secondly, would you expect reimbursement to be slower or faster than it was for 
PNH? Thanks. 

<A - Vikas Sinha, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So why don't I tackle the GAAP and 
non-GAAP thing. Closing at 2010, we are U.S. NOLs are slightly above $500 million still left. And I would anticipate 
at least four more years to go to conclude that. So maybe four to five years from now, we should have both of them at 
the same line. 

<Q - Geoffrey Porges>: Okay. 

<A - Leonard Bell, M.D., Chief Executive Officer>: And Geoff, it's Lenny. In regard to aHUS, certainly there will be 
a variety of dose levels, dosing regimens, right? Based upon the weight of the individual. So for adults actually, the vial 
consumption, as you point out, will certainly be expected to be more than in PNH, and for children, it should be less 
than in PNH. And so it really depends upon then the mix of individuals of different ages and weights, and obviously a 
major mix on that is – as already has been noted, is the timing of pediatrics, for example. So certainly prior to children 
with this life-threatening disease being able to obtain access, one would imagine the consumption requirement of 
Soliris will be higher per patient, and then as children come and are able to obtain access, then it actually will come 
down to more similar to PNH. David, do you want to make a more broader comment? 


<A - David Hallal, Senior Vice President, Global Commercial Operations>: Well, about reimbursement 


<A - Leonard Bell, M.D., Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. 

<A - David Hallal, Senior Vice President, Global Commercial Operations>: – and what we would expect, Geoff. 
Obviously, aHUS is associated with severe morbidities and high rate of mortality. And with that, 60% of patients either 
die or require dialysis or a transplant within about one year of diagnosis. So based upon the strong data that we talked 
about earlier today, we would anticipate that payors will clearly recognize the value of that therapy. 

<Q - Geoffrey Porges>: Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Mark Monane with Needham and Company. 

<Q - Mark Monane>: Congratulations on getting more Soliris to more PNH patients. Good work. I'm in Florida, the 
temperature is 75, the need for winter clothing is dropping. Speaking of dropping, Vikas, could you talk about the 
GAAP tax rate seems to be going down from the 40% to the 30s. Do you expect convergence between the non-GAAP 
and GAAP tax rate? 

<A - Vikas Sinha, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So a very good question, Mark. We – for the 
year 2010, the overall GAAP tax rate turned out to be 35%. In Q4, we took an advantage of certain tax planning 
strategies that'll help us reduce future GAAP tax rates. So it jumped up a little bit in Q4. You see that jump up when 
you – when GAAP taxes jumps up, you have – you get an advantage on the non-GAAP tax rate, because basically, you 
have the NOLs that get absorbed in that. So we were overall 35% in 2010, Mark, and we feel comfortable getting down 
to 30%, 32% this year. 

<Q - Mark Monane>: Okay, thank you. And then in terms of commercialization, I've heard [inaudible] talk about both 
a hematology focus and a nephrology focus. And I'm wondering, is the organization of the salesforce going to be the 
same rep calling on the hematology and nephrology doctors within a given territory? Or there'll be given reps devoted 
to hematology and given reps devoted to nephrology? I guess the reason is, seems to me, given the disease, one can 
present the – patient may present to either kind of doctor depending on which symptom comes first? 

<A - Leonard Bell, M.D., Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, that's a great question. As we talked about last quarter, we 
were in the early phases of assessing our salesforce size and structure in preparation for aHUS, and we've talked about 
really leveraging our current global infrastructure. And the way we see it is that in the U.S. and Europe, we'd like our 
sales team to be able to focus in smaller geographies on the physicians that would treat either PNH or aHUS, and of 
course there is some overlap, as we've observed with aHUS in the hematology setting with PNH. 

<Q - Mark Monane>: Thanks for the added information. 

Operator 

We'll now move on to Stephen Willey with Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Stephen Willey>: Yeah, thanks for squeezing me in. Vikas, just a quick question on the components of 2010 
sales. I know you didn't break out a rest of world component in 2009, but I guess I'm looking at the 11% distribution, 
which I guess translates to about $60 million in sales. 

And to me, that seems a little bit more than what I was modeling. So I'm just wondering, if you don't have what an 
ROW number for – was for us back in '09, if you could maybe just comment on where, outside of Japan, you've had the 
most amount of traction thus far? 


<A - Vikas Sinha, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Steve, let me correct one thing. In 2009, we 
did break it out. I think it was – I'm just checking the number, but we had a [inaudible] I'm just checking the number 
here. But we definitely did a breakout. 

<Q - Stephen Willey>: Okay. Yeah, I know in the K, it's just broken out as a function of U.S. and ex-U.S. 

<A - Vikas Sinha, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Okay. So 


<A - Leonard Bell, M.D., Chief Executive Officer>: Let's move along. 

<A - Vikas Sinha, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well while I do that 


<Q - Stephen Willey>: Okay. 

<A - Vikas Sinha, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: – the majority of the ROW sales not only 
comes from Japan, but also a smaller, as Lenny had mentioned, some Latin American sales and some Canadian, some 
Middle Eastern sales also comes into that overall mix. 

<Q - Stephen Willey>: Okay. And then just quickly, on the decision to explore AHR in deceased donor grafts as well. 
Is there any intention – or maybe just talk about the company's intent to maybe either build on or expand on maybe of 
the expanded donor criteria that's out there? 

<A - Leonard Bell, M.D., Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, no, I think we're – the plans are, as we speak, we have a 
small IIT program going currently to look at the drug in AHR in deceased donors, and we'll be moving to the 
multinational trial, as we said earlier, sometime in the middle – about the middle of the year. 

<Q - Stephen Willey>: And would you expect the results of that, of the company-sponsored trial, to have maybe any 
impact on what expanded donor criteria may go, where those criteria might go? 

<A - David Hallal, Senior Vice President, Global Commercial Operations>: Yeah, it's a great question. I think that 
the consideration, of course, will always be the available pool of donor organs. And there is some strategy, and there 
are, as we know, there are many sort of innovative, creative plans that different parts of the – in the United States, 
[inaudible] network have to sort of increase the donor availability by matching various individuals. And so there's 
always a potential that one could actually facilitate more donor organs being available. But I think really that the more 
likely challenge, quite frankly, is it will make more recipients able to receive, and certainly the consideration then is 
that donor organs will still be an important component – availability to donor organs will be a important component 
limiting unfortunately patients that don't have access to transplantation. 

<Q - Stephen Willey>: Great, thanks. 

<A - Vikas Sinha, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Steve, just to give you the number, 2009 
ROW was $11 million. 

<Q - Stephen Willey>: Okay. Very helpful. Thank you, Vikas. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Bret Holley with Oppenheimer. 

<Q - Bret Holley>: Yeah. Thanks for taking the question. I guess I'm just wondering what's a reasonable timeline for 
the transplant data? If you start the trials in mid this year, what should we think of as far as a timeline there? 

<A - David Hallal, Senior Vice President, Global Commercial Operations>: Well, certainly after enrollment, which 
can't take less than six months in any way, but more likely six to nine, six to 12 months, and the study certainly, till it 
finally reads out, certainly a last patient will have to then be treated I'm sure for a year, or observed for at least for a 
year if not treated actually. So I think that puts you out in the 18, 24-month kind of timeframe. 


<Q - Bret Holley>: And is that year of follow-up, is that pretty firm at this point, based on your discussions of designs 
with the authorities? 

<A - David Hallal, Senior Vice President, Global Commercial Operations>: No, I don't think so. I think that – and 
that's actually why I couched the terms by sort of final. Obviously one might very well have available information prior 
to that. 

<Q - Bret Holley>: All right. Thank you very much. 

<A - David Hallal, Senior Vice President, Global Commercial Operations>: Thanks, Bret. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Eun Yang with Jefferies. 

<Q - Eun Yang>: Thank you for taking my questions. So regarding Soliris and Taligen compound, the TT30, the 
[inaudible] the targets are very much overlapping, so you mentioned that AMD is something that you are very excited 
about with the Taligen compound. But are there any other indications that you considered or developing for Soliris 
now, but now with the Taligen, the compound, that you are more inclined to develop using Taligen the compound for 
development? 

<A - Leonard Bell, M.D., Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Eun, thank you very much for your question. I think that 
the way to look at this is we certainly recognize that while there are several companies outside of Alexion that are 
aggressively pursuing research and compound addition and we see this all the time, clearly it's a growing area of 
interest, we are extremely excited to accelerate the development of Taligen's very unique product candidates. And I 
focus on the uniqueness, actually, in that their mechanism of action are very, very distinct, a complex and complicated 
pathway. There are multiple different places to intervene, which actually provide advantage and disadvantages based 
upon mechanisms. And the uniqueness of and the scientific cleverness of the Taligen compounds provides meaningful 
opportunities to explore very aggressively in the clinic these unique mechanisms of action, and to do that in two 
different paths, we look at this. 

One is intra-ophthalmic and local administration, where we see significant potential advantages of the Taligen 
compounds over whatever else we see external to Alexion. And second actually is a systematic administration, where 
we are extremely excited to use all of our tremendous amount of knowhow, and quite frankly unique knowhow, that we 
have and no one else in the world has regarding complement and also involving development of any innovative drug in 
patients with rare disorders. And that combination provides enormous research and clinical synergy that we will be able 
to identify unique areas and unique application for the Taligen compounds. We couldn't possibly be more excited to 
explore these. And as we find out these opportunities faster than anyone else could do, we'll make sure to report to you. 

<Q - Eun Yang>: So with that, does it make sense to you that you may develop the Taligen's compound for PNH? 

<A - Leonard Bell, M.D., Chief Executive Officer>: There are significant opportunities to identify where the unique 
mechanism of action. First, to examine the PK and PD. Second, to identify the exact way that it impacts the proximal 
alternative pathway and C5 convertase, to be able to describe whether there's a added benefit. And in fact, given that 
we have developed eculizumab, we are alone in that position to be able to do that. Taligen wasn't able to do that 
themselves, and we're extremely excited to bring all the expertise we have to see if there's any added advantage. Steve, 
do you want to comment further? 

<A - Stephen Squinto, Ph.D., Executive Vice President and Head of Research & Development>: Just maybe one 
quick comment. The compounds that are in the Taligen portfolio were specifically designed to block very specifically 
the alternative pathway on the surface of the cell. And I think from our experience in developing eculizumab, I think as 
Lenny is saying, what we've learned, it's really very important early in clinical development to understand as well as 
one can the true molecular action of the drug. And I think that's what we're going to look to do first. And as we learn 
that, that will be an important guide for us as we think then about other clinical development. 


<Q - Eun Yang>: That's helpful. And my last question is on aHUS. Through like registries or foundations, do you 
know how many patients, aHUS patients have been identified in the U.S. and Europe so far? 

<A - Leonard Bell, M.D., Chief Executive Officer>: No, we don't have the answer to that. Thank you very much for 
your question. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from Ying Huang with Gleacher & Company. 

<Q - Ying Huang>: Thanks for taking my question. My first question is, judging from your acquisition of Taligen and 
now Orphatec, is it fair to assume that Alexion probably will – going forward will focus on early-stage opportunities in 
your – in licensing or acquisition strategy? 

<A - Leonard Bell, M.D., Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks for that excellent question. I think what's fair to assume 
is that we have a finely described strategic plan, and we've now described this more publicly, which is our interest in 
not only accelerating the development of eculizumab, but also accelerating other opportunities. And what is particular 
is that these strategic acquisitions are very closely aligned with what we know well and what we do well. And we find 
that as a good form of investment. 

Second, we've used just cash on hand. Third is that one of the most striking aspects of these acquisitions and our 
commitment to accelerate their development is the opportunity it provides for patients for long-term opportunities of 
treatment and for Alexion for long-term growth as well. And of course, we've coupled that with our near-term 
commitment to keep our R&D expenses at around 18% as our normal target. So I think that's probably fair to take from 
it. 

<Q - Ying Huang>: Thanks. And then the second question I 


<A - Leonard Bell, M.D., Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you, Ying, for 


<Q - Ying Huang>: The second question I have is, obviously you have had very impressive data in aHUS, and by 
looking at the other indications you're looking at, for example, maybe TTP is a very similar disease to aHUS. Do you 
think actually you need another controlled trials in TTP to actually get at a label or reimbursement? 

<A - Leonard Bell, M.D., Chief Executive Officer>: TTP is a complicated situation where a definitions and 
diagnostic criteria vary from physician to physician or specialist to specialist. And certainly, there are many patients 
who were in our aHUS study who by some physicians would be considered to have TTP. There are other physicians 
who would consider some patients that have TTP who are not in our aHUS study. And so we're very, very well 
focusing on identifying the opportunities for eculizumab, with the Taligen compounds, where cPMP has the 
opportunity to take patients who have no other hope and transform their lives. Thank you. 

<Q - Ying Huang>: Congratulations on the quarter. Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll now move on to Chris Raymond with Robert Baird. 

<Q - Chris Raymond>: Okay. Thanks for squeezing me in. Just a quick one here. Considering that you've got very 
robust cash flow going forward, what do you guys consider sort of an optimal cash balance, maybe over the 
intermediate to longer term? 

<A - Vikas Sinha, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: It's too early to comment on that. As you 
know, that the cash flow, we have just started turning into cash flow positive based on the last two years, and I think as 
we – as Lenny has mentioned, we've been very prudently looking at how we utilize our cash in terms of doing strategic 


investments, and in front of us is also the aHUS and several other launches. So I think we're in a good shape with the 
cash at this point. 

Leonard Bell, M.D., Chief Executive Officer 

So for those of you actually, we just checked outside our door, it's still daylight. We'd like to thank you very much for 
this conference call. 

Operator 

And once again, that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


