Q3 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Michael Sullivan, Vice President, Investor Relations 
• Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• George S. Davis, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• James Covello 
• Stephen Chin 
• Christopher Blansett 
• CJ Muse 
• Krish Sankar 
• Peter Kim 
• Gary Hsueh 
• Michael Chu 
• Wenge Yang 
• Patrick Ho 
• Y. Edwin Mok 
• Mahesh Sanganeria 
• Jagadish Iyer 
• Robert Pikover 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, and welcome to Applied Materials' Third Quarter of Fiscal 2010 Earnings Call. 

Please note that today's call will contain forward-looking statements, which are all statements other than those of 
historical fact, including statements regarding industry outlook, customer spending and Applied's opportunity, strategic 
position, operational initiatives, restructuring activities and Q4 and fiscal 2010 forecast. 

All forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual 
results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Information concerning these risk 
factors is contained in today's earnings press release and in the company's filings with the SEC, including its most 
recent Form 10-Q. Forward-looking statements are based on information as of August 18, 2010, and Applied assumes 
no obligation to update such statements. 

Today's call also contains non-GAAP financial measures, both historical and forecasted. Reconciliations of the GAAP 
and non-GAAP measures are contained in today's earnings release or in the financial highlights slides, which are 
available on the Investor page of Applied's website at amat.com. 

I would now like to turn the conference over to Michael Sullivan, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go 
ahead. 


Michael Sullivan, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thank you, Carrie , and good afternoon. Joining me today are Mike Splinter, our Chairman and CEO; George Davis, 
our Chief Financial Officer; and Joe Sweeney, our General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. 

Today we'll discuss results for our third fiscal quarter, which ended on August 1. Our earnings release was issued at 

1:05 Pacific Time and you can find a copy on Business Wire or on our Web site at amat.com. Mike Splinter will lead 
off the call with comments on the industry environment along with our performance and plans. George will follow with 
comments on our financial performance for the third quarter and our expectations for Q4. We will then open the call for 
your questions. 
And with that, I'd like to hand the call over to Mike Splinter. 

Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Mike. Applied delivered solid third quarter results driven by our Semiconductor, Display and Crystalline 
Silicon Solar businesses. Sales were up 10% and earnings per share were $0.03 above the range of our forecast. During 
the quarter we announced a clear path to profitability in our Energy and Environmental Solutions segment, which 
strengthens our company's overall financial outlook and we expect a strong finish to our fiscal year. 

Turning to the industry environment, 2010 has been a very good year for electronic product sales, led by consumer 
demand in the BRIC countries. In the second calendar quarter, our customers saw year-over-year growth across their 
end markets with LCD TV units up 43%, PC units up 20% and cell phones up 15%, led by smartphones. We're mindful 
of the soft macroeconomic leading indicators and certainly of leading industry reports. We'll stay close to our 
customers to anticipate any changes in their markets or investment plans. 

Next I'll cover each of our markets in more detail. For the semiconductor industry, we maintain our WFE spending 
outlook of 26 to $28 billion, the midpoint of which represents growth of 110% for the year. We now expect our 
equipment sales in SSG and AGS to be up more than 160% for our fiscal year. The foundries are investing more 
aggressively than previously expected with significant new orders from a broader set of our customers. Over the first 
three fiscal quarters, roughly 75% of our orders were concentrated in foundry and DRAM. DRAM pricing is stable and 
availability has remained tight with bit supply and demand both growing at 50 and 60%. 

NAND pricing fell about 5% this quarter and has been little changed all year with supply and demand both growing at 
70 to 80%. Overall, memory inventories remain relatively low. We expect DRAM spending to moderate over the rest 
of the year with growth in foundry, NAND and logic expected to offset the decline. We see NAND investments 
continuing well into 2011 as demand for flash storage outpaces supply. Q3 was the fifth consecutive quarter growth for 
SSG and AGS and today we're monitoring 15 fabs and fab expansion projects that are projected to add $50 billion in 
new spending over the next 8 to 12 quarters. 

In SSG, our focus on capturing new opportunities at key market inflections is paying off. During the quarter, we won 
significant customer decisions in metal gate transistors, copper interconnects and wafer level packaging. We remain 
confident that we'll gain 2 points of WFE share for the year driven by net positional wins across our portfolio and 
favorable exposure to the increase in foundry spending. Sales growth for the year is being led by etch where we're 
tracking to 4 points of share gains even as DRAM spending is expected to moderate in the second half of the year. 

In inspection, we see shifts in the timing of key customer spending and orders for brightfield and mask inspection are 
projected to be at record levels in Q4. Our CMP business had a record sales quarter with share growth led by Reflexion 
GT wins at key foundry and memory customers. Semitool booked record orders this quarter and won new copper 
interconnect positions at three major customers with two wins at advanced nodes in foundry and another win at a 
leading edge in memory. Share gains at Applied and other leading equipment companies are in effect consolidating the 
industry despite limited merger and acquisition activity. 


Over the past four quarters, total share at the top five equipment companies has grown from under 60% to nearly 70% 
of WFE. In services, AGS had substantial growth in 200-millimeter used equipment orders with overall revenue 
growing in line with the modest uptick in fab utilization. 

Moving to the LCD industry, TV shipments grew to 44 million units in the second quarter, which benefited from World 
Cup demand. Panel makers ran at higher utilization levels in the quarter and reported a week's worth of excess 
inventory in retail. That's including in China, which had a seasonal decline of 18%. The current outlook is for these 
inventories to be absorbed in Q3 and we now believe LCD equipment spending will be 75 to 80% higher for the year, 
which is above our previous forecast. 

Applied is winning in CVD and color filter PVD and we're competing very effectively for the new projects in China. 
Our PiVot PVD is gaining traction. We now have 50% share of the leading customers. We also see touch screens 
taking off in tablet PCs and smartphones, which is generating growth opportunities in PVD and some modest new 
opportunities in web. 

In the solar industry, worldwide panel installations are trending above 12 gigawatts for the year driven by pull-ins 
related to the feed-in tariff in Germany. It's likely that Germany's growth will moderate in 2011, but we see panel 
demand increasing next year with strength in Europe, China, Japan and parts of the U.S. Fab utilization has improved 
throughout the crystalline silicon supply chain. Panel ASPs have remained stable. Leading panel makers reported sold 
out conditions through the end of the year with visibility into the first half of 2011. We believe crystalline silicon 
capacity additions will be in the range of 11 to 13 gigawatts for the year, which is up about 80%. Crystalline silicon 
equipment spending is likely to double from last year to about $8 billion. While early indications for 2011 are positive, 
we'll keep a close eye on equipment demand as this year's capacity is absorbed by the industry. 

Over time, we expect ratable reductions in panel prices to continue, resulting in a market that is less dependent on 
government support. Applied had record profitability in crystalline silicon solar this quarter led by the highest ever 
sales at Baccini Cell Systems. Baccini is the platform of choice in China, which is driving 60% of the world's capacity 
additions this year. We're pleased with our product roadmap, which we see driving further reductions in cost per watt 
over the next several years. 

In summary, Q3 resulted in strong performance across our Semiconductor, Display and crystalline Silicon Solar 
businesses and we expect revenues to be higher in Q4. The macro signals have become more cautious, yet the summer 
is often a time of concern for our customers. We have not seen a pause in semiconductor capital investment and we 
expect a solid finish to our year. I'm also confident that the structural improvements we have made in 2010 will 
improve Applied's financial performance across a range of business scenarios in 2011. 

I'll now hand the call over to George Davis for more details on our results and targets. George? 

George S. Davis, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Mike, and good afternoon to everyone on the call. Applied's results exceeded our revised earnings target 
range by $0.03 per share reflecting strong performance across our businesses. Orders grew 8% to $2.7 billion, resulting 
in the highest quarterly order level since the year 2000. Our order outlook continues to appear strong. Backlog 
increased nearly 5% to $3.1 billion. Net sales grew 10%, surpassing the high end of our target driven by better than 
expected crystalline silicon and semiconductor equipment sales. 

GAAP gross margin was 34% for the quarter and was negatively impacted by 10 margin points as a result of the EES 
inventory related charges. Excluding those charges, gross margin would have been 44%. Non-GAAP operating 
expenses were in line with our target at $538 million. In the fourth quarter, we expect to remain near the upper end of 
our 520 to $540 million range as savings initiatives partially offset increases associated with the growth in the business. 

Non-GAAP net income was $0.17 per share. For the purposes of your models, our current results included $0.12 per 
share of inventory related charges. Adjusting for these effects, we would have achieved non-GAAP earnings of $0.29 
per share against our original target range of $0.22 to $0.26 per share, a very strong quarter for our ongoing businesses. 


Operating cash flow was $299 million, or 12% of sales, reflecting increases in working capital to support the current 
business. 

We used $100 million to buy back 7.9 million shares and paid $94 million in dividends including an increase in our 
quarterly dividend to $0.07 per share. Cash and investments grew slightly to over $3.6 billion. Year-to-date, we have 
generated $1.2 billion of operating cash flow, which is approximately 18% of revenues. 

I'll now comment on our operating segments. Silicon Systems Group orders grew 8% with all applications higher 
except DRAM. We expect to see strong bookings again in our fourth quarter with foundry and logic orders leading the 
mix. Semitool had excellent performance with record orders and the business was accretive to our results. SSG net 
sales grew 3% sequentially and are up 191% year-on-year. Operating margins improved to over 36% in the quarter. 

AGS orders grew over 23% led by strong demand for 200-millimeter refurbished equipment. Operating margin 
decreased modestly due to ramp challenges, but we expect improvement in the fourth quarter as our supply chain works 
through some materials constraints to deliver on increasing 200-millimeter systems demand. For the fiscal year, we still 
expect AGS revenue to be 35% above 2009. 

Display results were once again solid, even as orders and revenue declined with expectations. Orders of $242 million 
were down 6% and net sales were down 20% at $216 million. Display operating margins remained healthy at just under 
30% as we realized the benefits of our shift to the Taiwan manufacturing center. During the quarter, we shipped more 
than 90% of our large area deposition equipment from the Tainan facility. For the fiscal year, we now believe display 
net sales will improve to more than 70% relative to 2009. 

In our Energy and Environmental Solutions segment, orders remained at high levels and revenue more than doubled, 
reflecting the very strong demand for equipment from our crystalline solar customers. Orders of 353 million were down 
7%, but still represent the third highest booking quarter for EES despite the absence of any thin film orders. Net sales 
were $387 million, an increase of 133%. 

Our Baccini business was particularly robust as net sales from that group were more than 75% above the previous high 
achieved in the fourth quarter of 2008. We also recognized revenue on a single junction SunFab line. Our thin film 
solar backlog ended the period at about $300 million with two more factory sign-offs expected over the next two 
quarters. The $405 million EES restructuring charge consisted of inventory related charges of approximately $250 
million and severance and asset impairment charges of $155 million. The inventory related charges were reported in 
cost of sales and had a 10-point impact on overall gross margin. The other charges were reported in operating expenses, 
net of a $20 million favorable adjustment to the restructuring plan announced last November. 

We expect the benefits of the EES restructuring to be reflected in the segment's results over the next three quarters. 
EES will maintain a modest investment in advanced thin film technology while upgrades and services for existing 
SunFab customers will be managed through AGS. 

Next I'll share our outlook for the fourth quarter. We anticipate another strong quarter despite some caution around the 
potential impact of the softening macroeconomic conditions. We expect Silicon Systems Group net sales to be in line 
with the third quarter and we see preliminary indications from customers that SSG will grow in our first quarter of 
fiscal 2011. AGS net sales are expected to be up more than 10% largely due to increased shipments of refurbished 
equipment and growth in wafer starts. 

In Display, we believe net sales will be up approximately 20% in line with strong second half investment by Display 
customers. We expect EES net sales to be down 10 to 20%, but still reflective of strong crystalline solar equipment 
demand. Upside to this number is possible if we achieve customer acceptance for a major SunFab factory in China 
during the quarter. Overall, we expect the company's net sales in our fourth quarter to be flat to up 5%. 

We expect our non-GAAP quarterly earnings per share to be between $0.28 and $0.32 per share. With these fourth 
quarter targets, we also have a clear picture of our full year performance. We expect revenue to be in the range of 9.2 to 
$9.3 billion for the fiscal year, up over 80% versus 2009 with non-GAAP net income in the range of $0.80 to $0.84 per 
share. Adjusting your models to remove the year-to-date EES inventory related charges would reflect fiscal year 2010 


performance of between $0.96 and $1 per share. 

So in summary, we see a very strong finish to an excellent fiscal year. 

Now, Mike, let's open the call for questions. 

Michael Sullivan, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thanks, George. To help us reach as many of you as we can, please ask just one question and no more than one brief 
follow-up. Carrie, let's begin. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Jim Covello from Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - James Covello>: Great. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. Congratulations on the 
good results. If I could ask one question on NAND and one question on DRAM. So starting on NAND, it still 
represents a small – relatively small percentage of the overall orders, and you guys suggested that you thought you saw 
some acceleration there. I mean, how much – of the new fabs that have been announced, are you starting to see 
indications for all of those fabs, some of those fabs, and kind of how do you think those layer in over the next couple of 
quarters? Is it a significant portion of the orders in the coming quarter or are they more metered out over the next 
several quarters? 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Jim. And first of all, on 
NAND, we think in 2010, it will end up being roughly 20% of our – a little bit less than 20% of orders. We see two 
major fabs that are going to start really giving orders and then delivering revenue in earnest in the next couple of 
quarters. So we think that this is going to start moving quite quickly here in the fourth calendar quarter and into the first 
calendar quarter of 2011. 

<Q - James Covello>: That's helpful. Thank you. And if I could just ask my follow-up on DRAM. You mentioned you 
kind of expect a moderation in DRAM spending over the remainder of the year. Is that something you previously didn't 
expect, or was that consistent with your previous expectations? 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: That was very consistent with what 
we thought would happen. A lot of the investment in Taiwan has been technology conversion from trench to stack, and 
then the bigger DRAM guys have been spending on capacity for a while. So this is pretty much just the cycle of how 
they planned their investments. And I think we've been aware of that for some time. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Stephen Chin with UBS. 

<Q - Stephen Chin>: Great. Thanks. Hi, Mike and George. Just a question on the silicon backlog, which looked like it 
grew another 13% sequentially this quarter. Could you share with us any color on what that increase was reflective of? 
Is that also reflective of maybe larger NAND fabs showing up in backlog? 

<A - George S. Davis, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Still DRAM and foundry were still 
the stronger – strongest contributors to our order book this quarter, so as Mike said, we really expect NAND to start to 
pick up in the fourth quarter and beyond and DRAM to maybe back off from being quite so significant a component. 

<A - Michael Sullivan, Vice President, Investor Relations>: Steve, did you have any follow ups? 


Operator 

Your next question comes from Chris Blansett with J.P. Morgan. 

<A - Michael Sullivan, Vice President, Investor Relations>: Chris, can you hear us? 

<Q - Christopher Blansett>: Can you hear me now? I apologize. 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No problem. We thought we lost 
you there for a second, Chris. 

<Q - Christopher Blansett>: I did too. I was going to ask about the manufacturing transition that's going on out in 
Asia and how we should expect this to progress over the next 12 months, obviously trying to get a feel for how you 
think gross margins and tax rates are going to trend over that time period. 

<A - George S. Davis, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. We've got two major 
initiatives. One is the large area manufacturing, which is moving from Europe and the U.S. to Taiwan. That has been 
underway for some time, and as I said, we're now shipping over 90% of our large area tools out of Taiwan. We expect 
over time 3 to 4 gross margin points benefit for Display from that move. They're not getting all of that right now 
because they've got a lot of their supply chain is still Europe based, and they're in the process of converting that. 

In Singapore, we're in the early days of our ramp of the Singapore facility, which will be combined with Austin to 
handle all of the shipments for our semiconductor equipment business. We expect that to continue over time. We have 
set out by 2012 we would expect 50% of our shipments to be coming out of Singapore. But combined with the 
activities in those facilities, we also have a major supply chain initiative. Given the location of our customers in Asia, 
we really are putting a lot of effort into a pan-Asia supply chain expansion, and that's where you'll start to see the 
impact on the tax rate as more activity flows through our Singapore hub, and we'll talk – we'll talk about that in the 
fourth quarter call when we give the outlook for next year. But we would expect to see a noticeable improvement in our 
tax rate in 2011. 

<Q - Christopher Blansett>: All right. And then I guess there was a little bit of news flow that you may need to hire a 
little bit in Austin, Texas to kind of meet the near-term demand trends. This doesn't really change the timeline for 
moving manufacturing to Asia? 

<A - George S. Davis, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No, we – Austin is going to be an 
important part of our manufacturing activities for many years, and so we have had a pattern for several years of 
temporary fluctuation in work force as the peaks and valleys of the cycle take place. So I would say we certainly – this 
has been an extremely strong ramp for sure, but we're used to hiring and working with a very talented temporary work 
force in Austin. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from CJ Muse with Barclays Capital. 

<Q - CJ Muse>: Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. My first question, in your prepared remarks, you 
expressed an outlook for strong bookings I was hoping you could [inaudible] in total and then individually each 
segment how we should think about the moving parts there? 

<A - George S. Davis, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Just wanted to – well, CJ, I think 
you were asking about bookings. You were cutting out. Let me just – we haven't guided on bookings. Quite frankly we 
see a pretty strong bookings outlook across our businesses. Again, you know, in semi cap equipment, we don't expect a 
falloff at all there, and as I said, we expect right now Q1 is looking stronger than – from a shipment standpoint than Q4, 
which bodes well for orders. 


In crystalline, obviously we had an extremely strong quarter already in the third quarter, but again we're continuing to 
see strong orders. If they come off a little bit, it's coming off kind of records for those – for our two businesses there. In 
AGS, refurbished equipment is providing a nice boost in the order outlook there. We expect that to continue into the 
fourth quarter. So across the board, we're seeing a very strong continuing order interest across our businesses. 

<Q - CJ Muse>: Very helpful. And if I can ask a follow-up if you can hear me, in the last month or so we have seen 
weakness the LCD food chain with panel pricing coming down and utilization rates getting cut particularly in Japan 
and Taiwan. I'm wondering if that's impacting your service business at all or whether you have seen any softening in 
your outlook for orders one, two, three quarters out from China and Taiwan? 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Right. In the LCD business, they 
have been really quite cognizant of the inventory growth and really are taking actions to get that inventory absorbed. 
Most of the inventory is not in LED kind of back lit panels, so it's important for them to move that inventory quickly 
and take actions. But we really haven't seen a meaningful falloff in service there or any realigning or rescheduling of 
deliveries or factory startups. You know, in particular there's some factories going into China now, which are – look 
like they're going to just stay on schedule, if not pull in a bit. 

<A - Michael Sullivan, Vice President, Investor Relations>: Thank you, CJ. 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I might just add on that point that 
we're hearing some increased discussion now about Gen 10 and Gen 11, which I think on the overall long-term 
confidence in that market is positive. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Krish Sankar with Bank of America. 

<Q - Krish Sankar>: Thanks for taking my question. Mike, I kind of had a big picture question. If you assume the 
macro deteriorates from here onwards, which customer segment of yours will be the first to scale back buying extra 
equipment? Do you think it's going to be foundry, DRAM, NAND or logic? And I had a follow-up too. 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: That's a pretty good question, Krish. 
It's hard to know exactly, but you know you take a look at what's going on right now in kind of the product area, and 
there's a lot of exciting products that are selling into the Asian economies, emerging economies around the world, the 
smart phones, the Droid phones, iPad, new computers, and LED TVs. So if there really is a consumer pullback, it will 
be some of those companies that are really committed to those consumer products. And I think you'd probably see it in 
memory first because they're just so tied to all those different products. And then in the non-microprocessor MPU 
companies. So then you start to see the commitment to have issues in foundries. But so far utilization is still quite high 
there, and no investment pullbacks yet. 

<Q - Krish Sankar>: Thanks, Mike. That's very helpful. And then you kind of mentioned that the DRAM CapEx was 
going to slow down through the rest of the year. Do you have any view or early read on what DRAM CapEx would be 
in calendar 2011? Thanks a lot. 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We're really not ready to project 
2011 yet, and as an overall number for WFE or for CapEx other than to think that the percentages are going to stay 
relatively the same, if not move up a little bit. WFE this year is still at 9% of semiconductor revenue, and CapEx is at 
14 – a little over 14% for -- versus semiconductor revenue. So these are still relatively low levels compared to historic, 
so we don't think there's overcapacity at this point and still think if the macroeconomics hold in there, 2011 will be a 
very strong year. 

Operator 


Your next question comes from Peter Kim with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Peter Kim>: Yes, thanks for taking my question. The first question is with regards to the balance of the 300 
million in backlog for thin films. I was wondering how long do you think it will be before you can flush that through 
the system, and when they do flow through your income statement, what kind of operating margins will they run at? 

<A - George S. Davis, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. The – we expect over the next 
two quarters to sign off those factories. One of the factories should have positive operating margins. The other one is 
basically a zero margin deal, so the largest has positive operating margin. 

<Q - Peter Kim>: Okay. And for the follow-up, with regards to your customer concentration, I was wondering 
specifically on the foundries, have you grown foundries orders on a broader base of customers, or is it still being 
carried pretty much by a narrow focus of customers? 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: The number of customers has 
actually increased. All foundries now are adding capacity. Certainly the top five or six foundries are all adding capacity 
at this point, and actually picking up for the number one foundry who's spent a lot of their capacity early on. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Gary Hsueh with Oppenheimer. 

<Q - Gary Hsueh>: Hi. Thanks for taking my question, and congrats on a solid quarter. Quick question here on – I've 
been following the NAND flash manufacturers, and they've been clearly much more bullish here in terms of getting 
into 2011, thinking about 100% plus bit growth again in 2011. And most manufacturers are talking about much better 
than seasonal forecasts for NAND flash this early out already in Q1. So have you started to see any re-acceleration or 
pull-ins of NAND flash equipment and particularly for new fabs? And just thinking about an offset, I'm just wondering 
in terms of the offset relative to maybe a digestion period in terms of tool or equipment orders from foundries, how 
much of an offset do you think the NAND flash manufacturers could be? 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, we would agree with you on 
outlook on 100% bit growth, growing bit growth certainly over the 70 to 80% that we saw in 2010. A lot of it depends 
on how strong tablet PC or tablet category is in 2011, but if it meets even midpoint of projections, it's going to drive a 
lot of flash memory. As I said, we see the two big fabs that are coming on in flash memory, we think that those will 
move very quickly, and if they can pull in startups, will pull in startups. 

<Q - Gary Hsueh>: Okay. And just a follow-up question here. I don't think you guys have gotten enough credit on 
market share execution. Could you just say how well your market share execution has gotten particularly in the NAND 
flash segment and how that sets you up in terms of driving orders and revenue a few quarters out? Thank you. 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. Thanks, Gary. Well, first of 
all, maybe we can just kind of take an overall view. Kind of the way we look at our calculation, if we think that WFE is 
in the 26 to $28 billion and we look at what our revenue will be in calendar 2010, we're quite sure that we will gain at 
least 2 points of share just doing that math. We're quite – of course, bigger foundry spending is good for Applied 
Materials because of our exposure in epi and annealing and transistor and metallization levels. But really we like where 
we're gaining in our lower share products like inspection and etch. Particularly both in DRAM and in flash. But we see 
significant gains at major flash manufacturers, particularly in etch, and we're quite excited about those going forward. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Atif Malik with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Michael Chu>: Hi, thanks for taking my question. This is Mike Chu for Atif. Just a question on -given the macro, 
have you started to see any push-outs during the quarter? And if so, what segments might have those come from? 


<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No real push-outs, Mike, during the 
quarter. As we said, we're very mindful of the macroeconomic news, and really watching that carefully. But we're 
trying to spend as much time with customers to understand what they're thinking about and their supply chain and their 
investment plans for the upcoming quarters, but right now nobody is backing off. 

<Q - Michael Chu>: And as a follow-up, could you just provide an update, if you can, on the LED side? 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, we're still working on a 
product. We're quite happy with the technical progress that we're making with the customers that we're working on it. 
But we haven't introduced this product yet. We will, but I think we'll save all the details for that time. 

<Q - Michael Chu>: All right. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Satya Kumar with Credit Suisse. 

<Q>: Hi. This is V.G. Subramanyan calling in for Satya. Congratulations on a very good quarter. So, Mike, you're not 
ready to give your view on 2011. Maybe you can give your early view on 2012 maybe? 

[Laughter]. 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I'm really not ready to talk about 
2012, but I do like the positioning – early positioning. When I look at 28-nanometers, which will be pretty much a 
dominant technology in logic ramping in 2012, I really like the positional share wins that we have there, not only in 
etch and inspection but also in those products that are exposed to transistors. Transistors are just going to get a lot more 
complicated. So we're excited about that in silicon. We think solar crystalline silicon, Solar in particular is going to 
continue to expand at a rapid pace as prices come down. And Display is going to continue to be invest at 8% or 9% of 
overall revenue. So we like our expanding position there. Our PVD system is very, very beneficial for customers in 
their cost of ownership, so we think we have expanding position there as well. 

<Q>: Thank you, Mike. I had one more follow-up question. During SEMICON, you had mentioned that you're 
working with more than 15 tier 3 customers and you're qualified in three different customers. Can you provide us any 
update on the Tier 3 customer status as well as the total opportunity in that space in 2011? And you had mentioned that 
the Semitool revenue is accretive, so I wanted to find out if it is both inflating as well as clean. 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. I'll let George handle the 
Semitool one. I'll just comment a bit on wafer level packaging and TSV in particular. This is still an emerging area, but 
it's one of those areas where we think we have by far the strongest offering in the industry. We're working with quite a 
number of customers. We have had some big wins during this – very exciting wins during this quarter in TSV. In 2011, 
it's still not going to be a very big market. We'll talk more about that when we get to 2011, but this is going to be the 
way people package semiconductors over the long haul. So this market is going to grow very, very fast over the next 
few years. 

<A - George S. Davis, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: And then on the Semitools, the 
accretive is based on their total business, which includes both plating and cleans. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Tim Arcuri with Citi. 

<Q - Wenge Yang>: Hi, this is Wenge Yang for Tim. Couple of questions. First regarding the crystalline solar, we 
have seen capacity ramps for several quarters, and while the module makers are very excited about the current demand, 


they're also very nervous. Could you provide some color on what is the outlook for continuous ramp? Is there any sign 
there that could have bigger pause in the near term? And I have a quick follow-up. 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I would just say that the major solar 
cell manufacturers, their factories are fully loaded. They're not meeting demand today. I can't say that about all the rest 
of the customers, but if you take the top 10 or 15, they're all full and ramping as pretty much as fast as they can. There 
is as you know a lot of contract arrangements being made now that help the top tier guys with their capacity. So we just 
see very, very strong orders yet and full factories, and no step back from that at the current time. In fact, a lot of the 
discussions now about even 2011 are strong. But as I said, there's 11 to 13 gigawatts of capacity being put in. That's a 
heck of a lot of capacity. But we haven't seen signs of pullback at this point. 

<Q - Wenge Yang>: Okay, just a quick follow-up for George. With the organization change, a lot of things moving, 
could you provide some new guidance on your OpEx in the coming quarters? Thank you. 

<A - George S. Davis, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So we have been operating at about 
520 to 540 million in OpEx over the past few quarters. Really the outlook next year will determine whether it's up or 
down, and we have got – we've made good progress on our cost reduction programs throughout the company. We're 
about halfway through the 200 to 250 in OpEx reductions. We'll continue to see that reflected in the numbers. And then 
it will just determine whether or not the business is up or flat to determine where overall OpEx comes out. But we're 
very pleased with the progress we've made on our cost structure. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Patrick Ho with Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Patrick Ho>: Thanks a lot. First off, I think last quarter you mentioned that you saw a relatively high level of 
turns business, and you thought that that could be the norm going forward. Can you just comment on what you saw this 
quarter and whether you expect that to continue like you said last quarter? 

<A - George S. Davis, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: We do. We think it will continue and 
in particular foundry customers tend to be some of the shortest cycle customers in terms of order profile. So it's gotten a 
little bit better, but it's – we still will expect to see a lot of dialogue early in the quarter. 

<Q - Patrick Ho>: Great. And my follow-up, in terms of the growth in your Baccini business, can you characterize 
whether the strength is coming primarily from share gains in new customers or is the strength coming from I guess the 
capacity buys returning from your existing customer base? 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We think that – the answer is both, 
Patrick. We think that during this year, we will gain something approaching 10 points in Cell Systems at Baccini, but 
there is huge expansion in China where we're both gaining share, and we see such a large level of expansion. 
Remember my comment early on was that there's 80% growth year-over-year in the crystalline silicon spending, so 
some of that is share gains, some of that is the incumbent customers spending a lot more. Today we have something 
over 80 customers in China, so there are a lot of new customers this year that represent that gain in share. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Edwin Mok with Needham Company. 

<Q - Y. Edwin Mok>: Thanks. First question is for George. If I look at your midpoint of your guidance, you implied 
that you have a lower gross margin in the quarter. Is that just conservatism on your part, or what are the moving parts 
there? 

<A - George S. Davis, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No, I think we gave some 
characterization of the guidance. We think it will be another strong quarter for SSG, and Display will be picking up. 


AGS will be picking up. So we should see – we should see strong flow through in the quarter. So I can't reconcile your 
gross margin estimate, but we think we'll see a good flow through this quarter. 

<Q - Y. Edwin Mok>: Okay. And then just a follow-up question on the silicon side, if I look at your logic order, it was 
actually a sizable increase sequentially in the fiscal third quarter, and your comments suggest that it will be strong in 
the coming quarter as well. I was wondering how concentrated are those orders? And I saw a lot of the larger customers 
moving more towards foundry model. How do you reconcile that? 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, we do think that the logic 
orders will be up substantially. They were up substantially Q3 over Q2 and will be up substantially in Q4 over Q3. The 
number of standalone logic companies are down, but there is an increased number of them that are ordering in Q4. But 
you can – you can imagine still there's -- the largest of those logic customers is the main part of that increase. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: Thank you. Thank you for taking the question. Question on the 200-millimeter tools. If 
you can provide some color on how to model that. You had a 100 million sort of – AGS orders grew 100 million; that 
is non-typical. And your revenue is also growing in line with that. So the key questions I have is where are you seeing 
the strength from? Is it analog fabs, or China, foundry, or the logic – old logic fabs and how sustainable that is? 

And another question, you said something about margin – operating margin getting hit because of 200-millimeter ramp. 
If you can clarify that, because I would think that these 200-millimeter tools will be very high margin. It will be 
probably more than your Silicon System Group margin because it is probably onesies and twosies, so that will be 
helpful. Thanks. 

<A - George S. Davis, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Why don't I cover the financial end 
of this? The financial impact was really a lot of work around getting tools out that were still required some additional 
parts from the supply chain. The supply chain for 200-millimeter was much colder than the 300-millimeter supply 
chain and was not prepared for a very strong and immediate increase in demand for tools, so firing that back up led to 
what I would describe as under absorption of our manufacturing in the quarter. And that impacted margin. 

200-millimeter is a good business for us. I won't comment on the specifics of the margins, but it will be positive to 
AGS's margins for the quarter. And if you look at the order book, the lion's share of what I would call the non kind of 
linear growth that you would expect out of wafer fab – excuse me, out of wafer starts is 100% explained by the orders 
for 200-millimeter equipment. And maybe, Mike, you want to talk a little bit about the location of who is demanding 
200-millimeter equipment? 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. What we're seeing from the 
demand aspect is it's pretty broad based in this segment from analog, automotive, foundry, and MEMs growing 
capacity. The sustainability of which is pretty good. I think especially when you look at the analog and automotive 
parts, those parts aren't going to go off 200-millimeter. MEMs is just getting on to 200-millimeter. So we think that this 
market is going to see some – certainly some significant growth in the next couple of quarters and then stabilize at a 
high and sustainable level. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: Just a quick follow up, if you can. The business has been improving overall for a while, 
and I'm just wondering what was the cause for this step-up? And if you can give us some indication of what is a 
normalized run rate for 200-millimeter, and are we looking at the new run rate going forward? 

<A - George S. Davis, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I don't think we really have a 
normalized run rate. Coming after '08, really the demand dropped off so significantly, it's not clear whether we're 
seeing the start of a new normalized run rate or just catch-up for under-investment in '09 and some requirements for 
2010. We're certainly seeing, as Mike said, some new customers and new customer groups looking at it, but we don't 


have a normalized run rate for you. Thank you. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Jagadish Iyer with Arete Research. 

<Q - Jagadish Iyer>: Thanks for taking my question. Two questions: First question, for the first time you guys gave 
out kind of a visibility into the January quarter for the silicon segment. How do you see the other three segments 
tracking? 

<A - George S. Davis, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No good deed goes unpunished. 
Really we wanted to give an indication because we were – the order pattern was – if you saw kind of a flattening out 
quarter-over-quarter, it might not be clear that we're starting to see indications of upward shipments in Q1. So we just 
wanted to give a little bit more visibility into that, because we had it. Display as we have said, we expect spending to 
continue to be strong. It can be lumpy though, and so orders and revenue get to be a little lumpy. So we don't – going 
out two quarters and trying to give a forecast there – we'll give you a better indication on that coming. And then AGS 
will be a function of the continuing demand for 200-millimeter. 

<Q - Jagadish Iyer>: Okay. And a follow-up question is what are your lead times in your crystalline silicon 
equipment? Are they stretching? Are they coming down, and is there any – can you quantify in terms of share gains, 
how much will you be able to gain in '11 in your crystalline silicon segment? Thank you. 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Overall lead times have stabilized. 
Our manufacturing capability is really dramatically improved over the last few quarters. Just the testimony to the 
revenue in this last quarter from both our PWS and from Baccini Cell Systems is – kind of gives you an indicator that 
we're delivering and delivering to the needs of those customers. I'm not going to project any share gain. We had a big 
goal for 2010. The teams met that goal. So we'll give them a new goal in 2011 and talk to you about that maybe at the 
next call. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Robert Pikover with CREF. 

<Q - Robert Pikover>: My questions have been answered. Thank you. 

<A - Michael Sullivan, Vice President, Investor Relations>: Thanks Robert. Carrie, if we have one more question, I 
think we have time for that still. 

Operator 

Your last question comes from Krish Sankar with Bank of America. 

<Q - Krish Sankar>: Hi, thanks for taking my follow-up. Question for George. George, you seem to be running at 
about a $540 million OpEx run rate quarterly. If you flat line your sales and the mix of your sales with the different 
groups, at what point do you think the cost reduction activities would kick in? 

<A - George S. Davis, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I think if we stay flat, you'll start to 
see the cost reduction. You'll see the cost reductions roll in. 

<Q - Krish Sankar>: Will it be like in Q1, Q2 or... 


<A - George S. Davis, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I think part of it will certainly be 
reflected by the EES actions that we're taking, which are in over the next three quarters as we said before. 

<Q - Krish Sankar>: Got it. Thanks. 

<A - Michael Sullivan, Vice President, Investor Relations>: Thanks, Krish. 

Michael Sullivan, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Okay. With that, we would like to thank everybody for joining us on the call this afternoon. Our earnings slide package 
is now available on our website, and a replay of this call will be available by 5:00 PM Pacific Time. Both will remain 
available until September the 1st. Thank you for your continued interest in Applied Materials. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


