Q4 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Michael Sullivan, Vice President, Investor Relations 
• Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• George S. Davis, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• C.J. Muse 
• Atif Malik 
• James Covello 
• Satya Kumar 
• Stephen Chin 
• Krish Sankar 
• Peter Kim 
• Gary Hsueh 
• Patrick Ho 
• Timothy Arcuri 
• Edwin Mok 
• Mehdi Hosseini 
• Brian Lee 
• Mahesh Sanganeria 
• Jagadish Iyer 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Please note that today's call will contain forward-looking statements, which are all statements other than those of 
historical fact, including statements regarding Applied's performance, momentum, strategic positions, operational 
improvements, products, market and industry outlooks, and Q1 and fiscal 2011 forecasts. 

All forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results 
to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Information concerning these risk factors is 
contained in today's earnings press release and in the company's filings with the SEC, including its most recent Form 
10-Q. Forward-looking statements are based on information as of November 17, 2010, and Applied assumes no 
obligation to update such statements. 

Today's call also contains non-GAAP financial measures, both historical and forecasted. Reconciliations of the GAAP 
and non-GAAP measures are contained in today's earnings release or in the financial highlights slide which are 
available on the investor page of Applied's website at appliedmaterials.com. 

I would now like to turn the conference over to Michael Sullivan, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go 
ahead, sir. 


Michael Sullivan, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thank you, Carrie, and good afternoon. Today we'll be discussing Applied's results for the fourth quarter and the 2010 
fiscal year, which ended on October 31st. Our earnings release was issued at 1:03 Pacific Time, and you can find a 
copy on Business Wire and on our website at appliedmaterials.com. 

Joining me today are Mike Splinter, our Chairman and CFO; George Davis, our Chief Financial Officer; and Joe 
Sweeney, our General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. Mike Splinter will lead off the call with comments about the 
industry environment as well as our performance and plans. George will follow with his comments on our financial 
results for the quarter and the year along with our expectations entering fiscal 2011. We have a lot of ground to cover 
today, but we'll be sure to leave plenty of time for your questions. 

And with that, I'd now like to turn the call over to Mike Splinter. 

Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Mike, and good afternoon to everyone on the call today. I'm pleased to report that Applied ended our fiscal 
year with an outstanding fourth quarter and enter 2011 with positive momentum. In the fourth quarter, we grew revenue 
to $2.9 billion, generated $700 million in operating profit, and delivered earnings that exceeded the high end of our 
target. 

Reflecting on the year as a whole, I am pleased with the progress we've made against our strategic plan. Our goals for 
2010 were clear: capitalize on the recovery in our markets, gain share in our core businesses, and achieve a new level 
of operating performance and profitability. We delivered in all three of these areas. 

We took advantage of the recovery in semiconductor and display equipment with revenue growth and an expected two 
points of share gain in wafer fab equipment [WFE] spending. We took aggressive actions to restructure our solar 
business, which enabled EES [Energy and Environmental Solutions] to achieve profitability in the fourth quarter. In 
addition, we've made operational improvements throughout the organization that make us more efficient. These 
changes included opening new operations centers in Singapore and Taiwan that are already improving customer 
delivery and gross margins. 

Before I comment on the upcoming year, I'd like to thank the entire Applied Materials team for their outstanding 
achievements during 2010. 

While we are mindful of the fragile state of the global economy, we have a positive view of the markets we serve, and 
expect the fundamental drivers of 2010 to remain in place next year. We see demand for consumer electronics 
remaining strong, led by the emerging markets. PC sales are projected to grow 5% to 10%. Smartphones are forecast to 
approach 400 million units, LCD TVs reaching 215 million units. And tablets are expected to grow to 50 million units 
or greater. 

Tablets are also leading the transition to solid-state storage. And as a result, we expect NAND bit growth to be in the 
range of 80% to 90% next year. This is projected to support more than $6 billion of equipment spending, and NAND 
investment will likely surpass DRAM for the first time. 

In semiconductor equipment, we see PCs as the biggest swing factor in our wafer fab equipment forecast for next year. 

We also see continued strength in solar, where installations are on track to grow at 20% to 30% in 2011. This growth is 
being driven by solid project returns, even as feed-in tariffs decline. 

Let me now turn to each of our segments. In semiconductor, we expect WFE spending to finish this calendar year in the 
range of $29 billion to $30 billion, which is above our previous view of 26 billion to 28 billion. We anticipate next 
year's spending to be in line with 2010 plus or minus 10%. 


Looking further ahead, we are now tracking 17 new fabs and fab expansion projects that represent about $60 billion of 
equipment spending over the next eight to twelve quarters. We expect next year's foundry and logic spending to remain 
solid, with an acceleration in NAND helping to offset a pause in DRAM investment. 

NAND provides a number of market inflections that Applied can leverage to win further share. These customers were 
the first to adopt double patterning, which has enabled us to gain positional wins with our mask and bright-field 
inspection products. Recent double patterning etch wins will also contribute to our anticipated share growth next year. 
And as NAND makers transition to the 3x node, our pourable CVD solution will be a key enabler for their multi-level 
cell architectures. 

SSG [Silicon Systems Group] exits 2010 with momentum, and we are on track to increase share in every one of our 
served markets. We expect to gain two points of share in overall WFE spending, which equates to roughly $600 million 
of revenue. We are especially pleased with our traction in etch, where we won a number of strategic orders, and expect 
four points of share gain this year. 

In PVD [Physical Vapor Deposition], we're increasing our position across all applications, including copper 
barrier/seed, and we had key production wins in the rapid growing metal gate area. 

In addition, CMP [Chemical Mechanical Polishing] and Semitool achieved revenue records in the fourth quarter. Our 
share gains are being fueled by new product innovations, including 12 new products introduced over the past 12 
months. And next year, we expect about 20% of our revenue to come from these products. 

We are particularly excited about our leadership in the rapidly growing wafer level packaging market, where we have 
won over two-thirds of the advanced packaging decisions this year. In 2011, we anticipate wafer starts to increase by 
approximately 4% year over year, and our Global Services business to grow faster than wafer starts. We are earning a 
larger share of business in Asia, a region that has traditionally been a challenge for service penetration. 

In Display, we expect CapEx for 2010 to be 75% to 80% higher than in 2009. And in Q4, our Display group delivered 
one of the best quarters in its history. 

As the holiday season approaches, we are seeing weakness in end markets. TV makers are cutting prices to reduce 
inventory levels, and we expect LCD CapEx to be down more than 20% next year. However, we believe we can 
outperform this overall trend with continued share gains in PVD and revenue growth from touch panel and the OLED 
products. Touch panel equipment alone represents a $200 million market opportunity next year. 

In EES, the fourth quarter was a tremendous end to a record year for our Baccini and PWS [Precision Wafering 
Systems] businesses. Both businesses surpassed their previous peaks for quarterly revenues and orders, and we expect 
this record performance to be eclipsed in the first quarter of 2011. 

Demand in the solar market remains extremely robust. We now believe panel installations will reach 16 gigawatts for 
the calendar year, and expect 2011 installations to be in the 19 to 21 gigawatt range. The top panel manufacturers are 
running at full utilization and are still adding capacity. Following a year that exceeded our expectations, we are 
projecting solar CapEx for 2011 to be approximately flat year over year, in the range of 13 to 15 gigawatts, with each 
gigawatt of capacity representing over $200 million of equipment opportunity for Applied Materials. 

China and Taiwan drove three-quarters of this year's crystalline silicon capacity addition and now constitute 65% of 
capacity worldwide. Applied has higher market share in China than in the rest of the world, so this trend bodes well for 
our business. 

In summary, the fourth quarter was a strong finish to an excellent year for Applied Materials. We delivered on our 
objectives and gained market share. We have reached profitability in our Energy and Environmental business and made 
operational improvements across the company. We increased our R&D spending to $1.1 billion, and exit the year with 
a pipeline of innovative products. This sets the stage for us to outperform our markets again in 2011. We enter the new 
year with a strong balance sheet that allows us to fund our innovation, maintain strategic flexibility, and return cash to 
stockholders. 


Now let me hand the call over to George, who will provide additional details about our performance and our outlook. 
George? 

George S. Davis, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Mike, and thanks everyone for joining us today. I also want to thank the employees of Applied Materials 
for their efforts to drive a very strong quarter and year for the company. After a most difficult 2009, our employees 
around the world rallied to meet the challenges of a 90% ramp in revenue while accelerating new product development, 
growing market share, and improving the operating performance in all of our businesses. 

Now I'll start with a brief summary of our results for the fourth quarter. Orders were up 11% over Q3, driven by solar 
and semi equipment demand. This is our sixth consecutive growth quarter and our highest order level in almost 10 
years. It is worth noting that China accounted for 32% of the orders, led by our crystalline silicon customers. Net sales 
grew 15%, well above our target range, with stronger than expected results in our Solar, Display, and Semiconductor 
equipment businesses. A SunFab signoff of $225 million was the largest single contributor to higher than expected 
revenue growth in the quarter. 

Non-GAAP gross margin was 42.5%, up 8 points on higher revenue and the absence of the inventory charge taken last 
quarter. The SunFab signoff lowered overall gross margin by two points. 

Non-GAAP operating expenses of $516 million were favorable to our target range due to an accelerated reduction of 
EES thin film related spending and the favorable impact of some discrete items. We expect non-GAAP operating 
expenses to be in a range of $500 million to $520 million per quarter during the first half of fiscal 2011, down from our 
recent quarterly run rate of between $530 million to $540 million. 

Non-GAAP EPS was $0.36 per share, exceeding the high end of our range by $0.04. The increase was driven primarily 
by higher net sales and lower spending. The SunFab signoff contributed approximately $0.02 of incremental earnings 
per share. 

Operating cash flow was $525 million or 18% of sales. During the quarter, we increased our buyback to $150 million 
and used $93 million to pay a dividend of $0.07 per share. 

The Silicon Systems Group had order growth in the quarter of 9% and a book-to-bill ratio of 1.1. Net sales increased 
2% to $1.5 billion. Foundry customers once again led investment with growth in logic offsetting a decline in DRAM 
spending. We see this mix pattern continuing into the first half of 2011. 

Operating margins were strong at 38%, which included some increased R&D investments. 

In AGS [Applied Global Services], orders of $631 million reflected continuing demand for 200-millimeter systems. 
Net sales were up 10%, in line with expectations. And operating margins continued to be impacted by supply chain 
issues around 200-millimeter systems. 

The Display group concluded a cyclical growth year for LCD equipment with its highest net sales quarter of the year at 
$281 million. As we expected, Display orders were down 27% in the quarter, signaling a period of reduced spending 
for LCD equipment as customers absorbed the 2010 capacity additions. 

EES achieved record orders and revenues in the quarter. The SunFab signoff and a 25% increase in crystalline silicon 
equipment were the primary drivers of higher sales. EES now has $861 million in backlog, 85% of which is for 
crystalline silicon solar equipment. EES became profitable in the quarter and achieved a 14% operating margin. 

Next, I'll make a few comments about our 2010 fiscal year performance. 2010 orders and revenue both grew 
substantially from last year, driven by a recovery in semiconductor and display equipment and continued growth in 
solar. We delivered non-GAAP EPS of $0.88 per share, which is equivalent to $1.03 per share when excluding the EES 
inventory related charges taken in Q2 and Q3. 


For the fiscal year, Silicon Systems Group net sales were up 170%, adding $3.3 billion. And operating profit increased 
over 800%, reaching almost $1.9 billion. AGS net sales improved 34% to $1.9 billion, in line with wafer starts, higher 
utilization rates, and increased 200-millimeter equipment spending. Display net sales rebounded in 2010, up almost 
80% year over year to $899 million. And during the year, we restructured EES to improve profitability and focus on 
our rapidly growing crystalline silicon business. 

In 2010, Applied generated $1.7 billion in cash from operations after investing more than $1.1 billion in research and 
development. We also bought back $350 million in shares, increased our dividend by 17%, and ended the year with 
$3.9 billion in cash and investments. 

Next, I'll turn to our revenue outlook for fiscal 2011. We currently expect our overall net sales to be flat to modestly 
higher and within a range of plus or minus 10% year over year. We expect SSG net sales to be up modestly in fiscal 
2011, primarily due to share gains, and within a range of plus or minus 10%. While this moderate growth assumes an 
environment of flat wafer fab equipment investment, our wide range reflects the dependency on continued foundry 
spending and a second half ramp in NAND capacity additions. We expect spending by DRAM customers to soften 
considerably during the year. 

AGS net sales in fiscal 2011 are expected to be up in the range of 10% to 15% year over year. We expect the primary 
drivers to be growth in spare parts and services resulting from wafer start additions. 

We expect Display net sales to be down between 20% and 25% versus 2010. This reflects a down cycle in the first half 
of the year for LCD equipment investment, partially offset by higher investment to support equipment related to OLED 
and touch screen related devices. Upside to our sales forecast is possible with an acceleration of the LCD build-out in 
China. 

In EES, we expect 2011 net sales to be down in the range of 20% to 30%. The major factor in the decreased outlook is 
the absence of any material revenue related to thin film solar. We are entering fiscal 2011 with strong demand for 
crystalline silicon solar equipment in the first half of the year. At this level, we expect EES to achieve above the 
post-restructuring model of greater than 10% operating margin throughout the year. 

We expect our effective tax rate to drop four to five points from our 2010 rate of 32.4% as a result of the continuing 
phase-in of our Asian supply chain. 

Now I will cover our targets for the first quarter of 2011. We expect SSG net sales to be approximately flat, with risk 
and upside relatively balanced. AGS net sales are expected to be up modestly despite softening utilization rates. In 
Display, we believe net sales will be down approximately 40% as customers pause in line with end-market softness. 
The first half of fiscal 2011 is expected to be a relatively weak period for LCD investment. We expect EES net sales to 
be down approximately 30% from Q4, which benefited from $225 million in SunFab revenue. Sales of crystalline solar 
equipment are expected to be up more than 10% in the quarter as the investment ramp continues in that market. 

Overall we expect our Q1 net sales to be down between 8% and 15%. The absence of the large SunFab signoff has an 
8% impact quarter over quarter, and the lower Display outlook is about a 4% incremental impact. We expect 
non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $0.30 to $0.34. 

In short, we see Q1 being a solid start to what we expect will be a strong fiscal year for Applied Materials. 

Now, Mike, let's open the call for questions. 

Michael Sullivan, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thanks, George. To help us try and reach everyone on the call today, please ask just one question and no more than one 
brief follow-up. Carrie, let's please begin. 

Q&A 


Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from C.J. Muse with Barclays Capital. 

<Q - C.J. Muse>: Yes, good afternoon, thank you for taking my question. First off, the guidance for fiscal '11, very 
helpful, so thank you. I guess within that, on the WFE plus or minus 10% for fiscal '11, can you talk a little about what 
kind of expected linearity you see throughout the year? 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think we have pretty good 
visibility into Q1, C.J., but I think the things to look for, and I'll just tell you how we're looking at it, the indicators 
we're looking at. The first one really is PCs. PCs still drive a huge amount of the DRAM capacity. We targeted our 
view of flat WFE at about a 7% growth in PCs. And percent growth versus percent of WFE, it's almost a one-to-one 
relationship. So if PCs were up in the 10% to 15% range, we'd expect WFE to be up. 

The other thing we're really looking closely at is tablets because tablets and smartphones drive NAND spending. We're 
expecting 50 million tablets and 350 or 400 million smartphones. That's our flat scenario, so more than that would drive 
higher wafer fab equipment spending. As George talked about, we think Q1 SSG will be pretty strong, modestly flat to 
up. And so that tells you how we see the start of the year, at least January start of the year in WFE. 

<Q - C.J. Muse>: Okay. And as a quick follow-up, considering the ranges you expect across divisions, what kind of 
gross margin profile should we expect relative to the 42% you printed in fiscal '10? 

<A - George S. Davis, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: I think the way to think about gross 
margin is we've obviously had a lot of noise in both '08 – excuse me, '09 from just the environment, and '10 from the 
restructuring of EES. We said that we would have been up two points, so in the 44%-plus range this quarter if we had 
not had the SunFab signoff. That's probably a reasonable starting point, and then it will be a mix effect from there on. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Atif Malik with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Atif Malik>: Hi, thanks for taking my question and congratulations on the strong quarter. My question is on the 
services side. George, you guys are doing quite well in terms of operating margins in other segments, and exceeding 
your prior peak levels in 2007. But on services, you mentioned there were supply chain issues on 200 millimeter. So as 
we see your sales growing 10% to 15% next year, can you help us understand where the operating margins for that 
business could be next year? 

<A - George S. Davis, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. Obviously we improved somewhat 
this quarter over the previous quarter, but we're still well behind where we want to be in terms of our operating model 
for the second half of 2011. We're still, though, working with a cold supply chain and incurring relatively significant 
additional cost to support our customers. So we think it's going to take another quarter or two to get through this issue, 
and then you should start seeing three to four points or more of operating margin pickup with the same level of 
revenue. 

<Q - Atif Malik>: Thanks. And then as a quick follow-up, on the 600 million revenue that you expect from two 
percentage points of share gain in the silicon segment, can you help us understand how much of that is being NAND 
driven as the devices move to below 2X-nanometer and Applied benefits from its deposition for that product portfolio 
there? How much of the 600 million are from NAND contribution? 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: That's a pretty hard question to 
answer, Atif. I think the way we're looking at this is in the scenario – because you can do a million scenarios. But as I 
said, we're expecting Flash to be about $6 billion let's say out of the 30. So DRAM is almost the same. We're expecting 
foundry to be up a bit. So our specific share in Flash is off our average WFE share, but our specific share in foundry is 
above our WFE share, so these things balance out overall. 


<A - George S. Davis, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: Also, the 2% related to 2010, and so that 
reflects the mix of business that we saw, which was lighter in NAND overall than what we would expect to see in 2011. 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: But we do expect to gain more than 
a point of share versus WFE in 2011, which would be two points or more than two points in our markets. 

<A - Michael Sullivan, Vice President, Investor Relations>: Thanks, Atif. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - James Covello>: Hi, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. I appreciate it. So when you talk about 
NAND ramping in the second half of next year, can you talk a little bit about the dynamic there? Do you think the 
existing NAND capacity can satisfy the early part of the tablet ramp as we go through next year, and then it's 
incremental tablets that are driving that incremental NAND spend? If you could talk a little bit about the dynamics 
behind that, that would be great. 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We just think second half will be 
greater than first half. It's not that there isn't investment in the first half, but in particular we think we'll see the major 
part of a major factory in Japan ramping up in the second half. So that's really the major effect there, but other additions 
will happen as a matter of course in the first half of the year. In 2010, Flash spending was 4 billion, so we'll certainly 
see that kind of run rate pretty much continue and grow through the year. 

<Q - James Covello>: I see. And so could you see orders ramping over the next few quarters and then it's the 
shipments that ramp in the latter part of next year? Is that the idea? 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, that's the idea. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Satya Kumar with Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Satya Kumar>: Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question, just a quick question on the Solar side. You have seen a 
significant ramp in orders from Q1 to Q4 for Solar and you're talking about 12 to 14 gigawatt new capacity additions 
for the whole year. If I look at Q4 alone, is it fair to say that on a run rate basis, the new capacity additions are 
approaching the 18 to 20 gigawatt run rate? 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think that's fair, yes, on a run rate 
basis. 

<Q - Satya Kumar>: Yes, yes. In the last conference call, I think you were sounding a little bit more cautious on the 
sustainability of this type of new capacity additions, but it appears that you are looking at a similar capacity addition 
run rate for fiscal 2011. I was wondering what trends you're seeing in the customer base that makes you believe that 
this trend can continue. I think you even mentioned that fiscal Q1 looks better than fiscal Q4. 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: That's obviously the number one 
trend that our customers have confidence to continue to invest and invest strongly in capacity. And many of the bigger 
guys are fully loaded and sold out for some extended period of time, so they're adding capacity and haven't slowed 
down a bit. 

As a retrospective, as I thought about how I felt a year ago, the situation was the same. Business was strong. It was 
continuing to go up, and I think we haven't seen the peak yet in Solar. And despite feed-in tariffs continuing to go 
down, they seem to just spur more investment as the pricing continues to get driven down. I think pricing for modules 


and installations is going to continue to go down, which will continue to make it look like a very solid investment. 

<Q - Satya Kumar>: Thanks. 

<A - Michael Sullivan, Vice President, Investor Relations>: Thanks, Satya. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Stephen Chin with UBS. 

<Q - Stephen Chin>: Hi, Mike and George, nice quarter; just a question on the January quarter silicon sales guidance. 
I think you said it would be flat to up slightly sequentially. My question is that the silicon backlog was up another 21% 
sequentially in this October quarter, so you might argue that the January sales guidance could be conservative. Is the 
conservatism just on maybe less turns business in the silicon systems business in this January quarter? 

<A - George S. Davis, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: I think clearly we've seen a fair amount 
of turns business, but you can get pushes and pulls. Certainly we're seeing – where DRAM pricing is, you've got the 
holiday season coming up. We've got a lot of factors that can cause customers to move things around. We think with 
the visibility that we have today, we're comfortable with the flat. That's why we said we see the risk and reward 
balanced for the quarter. There are certainly scenarios where it could be up. But it's a pretty concentrated group of 
customers, so it could also be down if somebody pushes out. Right now, we feel good about the forecast. 

<Q - Stephen Chin>: Okay. Maybe I can guess a different question on the EES operating margin. I was wondering, 
George, maybe you could share any color on what the normalized operating margin of just the crystalline systems 
business might be since it looks like you're executing well there. And if you don't want to show the numbers, is it closer 
to the silicon margins, or is it closer to the display margins? I'm just trying to get a sense of what this could look like 
going forward once the SunFab revenue recognition stops. 

<A - George S. Davis, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, what we've said is – we gave a 
model in July that gave an indication of what it looks like post, and the model was intentionally conservative coming 
out. So we've said better than 10% operating margins at a $1 billion – or a $250 million a quarter run rate. Obviously 
we had a pretty strong quarter this quarter. I think we can do better than the operating model, and we'll continue to 
watch that through the year. 

As you know, this business can be volatile, and right now it looks very strong in the first half of the year, and so we'll 
just have to see how the second half of the year, but we feel very good overall. And if you compare year over year 
where we had a significant loss in the EES area, we're going to have a high confidence on a profit this year. That's 
going be a big swing year over year for us. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Krish Sankar with Bank of America. 

<Q - Krish Sankar>: Yes, thanks for taking my question. Mike, you said that you expect non-CapEx to be back-half 
loaded. What is your view on how the foundry CapEx would trend through 2011? And I also had a follow-up. 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, so we think foundry is going be 
pretty strong throughout the year and leading the way, even up in the first part of the year here a bit. But we think it 
will be up overall, slightly over 2010, and pretty even through the year as the various players fill up their fabs. 

<Q - Krish Sankar>: And then a question for George. Given your fiscal year 2011 guidance, and keeping the 
composition of the revenues what you said, what do you think would be the OpEx run rate exiting 2011? Thank you. 


<A - George S. Davis, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: What we've said is we're going to – the 
first half of the year we think the OpEx run rate will be somewhere between 500 and 520. I think we'll just have to see 
how the second half plays out. We've got a fairly strong variable model, as you know. If we see strength in the second 
half of the year, then I think that's probably a good continuing estimate. But it will get a little bit of help just because 
we'll continue to have – finish up the restructuring of EES over that time period. And if for some reason the year is 
down, we'll be able to take OpEx down a little bit with it. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Peter Kim with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Peter Kim>: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. So the first thing I wanted to ask about was the EES portion. In 
the crystalline silicon, do you expect the crystalline silicon sales in fiscal 2011 to be – just the silicon segment alone 
will be up year over year or slightly down? 

<A - George S. Davis, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: For just the crystalline sales? 

<Q - Peter Kim>: That's correct. 

<A - George S. Davis, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: We believe they'll be up. 

<Q - Peter Kim>: Up year over year, and you expect that to operate at near 10% to 14% operating margins? 

<A - George S. Davis, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, definitely better than 10. 

<Q - Peter Kim>: Okay. And with regards to 200 millimeter, it has definitely been very strong for you in the past 
couple of quarters. I was wondering how long do you think that trend could continue. Do you expect that demand for 
200 millimeter will continue to improve year over year? Or do you expect that at some point the 200 millimeter 
capacity could start to slow down? 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We think right now, we're in a bit of 
a surge on 200 millimeter capacity because there was so much taken off in 2009 and devices for MEMS 
[Micro-Electro-Mechanical Systems], for power transistors, for solar panels and electric cars, for analog devices, for 
things like display drivers all need 200 millimeter. So we think that the market will peak here sometime in 2011 and 
then come back down to some steady state rate that's maybe off the peak we'll see in the next few quarters by 10% or 
20%, something on that order. 

<Q - Peter Kim>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Gary Hsueh with Oppenheimer & Company. 

<Q - Gary Hsueh>: Great, thanks for taking my question. Mike, I understand that heading into 2011, there's a lot of 
uncertainty and flat year-over-year spending environment, a non-committal forecast for 2011. But if you took your SSG 
guidance for Q1 and you let's say flatlined it throughout the year, you're looking at a fiscal 2011 that's up well above 
10%, let's say more around 15%. I'm just wondering. Where do you think the potential pitfalls are in terms of the SSG 
business either near term on in the back half of 2011? 

And my second question is, if we're looking at a NAND heavy spending environment in 2011, I'm wondering if you 
can take a quick stab at how well you guys could outperform the market in SSG given increasing market share, as you 
pointed out, and maybe just natural market share being higher for some of these NAND manufacturers. 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay, so that's a hard question. 
That's really quite a question. Thanks, Gary. 


<Q - Gary Hsueh>: You can call it the follow-up. 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. So yes, if the entire year was 
like Q1, it would be up quite a bit more than 10%. It's just we're in a bit of an uncertain environment, and the big deal 
in my mind on this – the big pitfall or potential upside is all around DRAM and PC related demand. So we feel like 
relative to – we feel we're pretty much on the industry consensus between 5% and 10% in our estimate, but there has 
obviously been a lot of discussion of bigger numbers from people who know this business well like Intel and AMD. So 
if WFE stays as strong as it is at the beginning of the year, we'll have a stronger year. But the market is volatile, and it's 
hard to predict within 10% I think. But those are the – that's the key area and potential pitfall. 

Our estimate on our share growth is based on both foundry and NAND going up together. We're excited in particular 
about etch gains in Flash memory. That should be a big positive for us, deposition gains of course as double patterning 
becomes a bigger part of the process. And we just – one of the areas in 2010 that positively surprised us I think from 
the beginning of the year was our CMP position. We won a lot of share back. And in CMP, we have a great new 
product there, Reflexion GT, that improves productivity is being adopted. Of course I did want to say that rare-earth 
element constraints on the market are not going to slow down CMP, at least we don't think so. But anyway, that's the 
picture. I'm not sure I answered all your questions but maybe you do have a quick follow-up. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from... 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I guess not. 

Operator 

...Patrick Ho with Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Patrick Ho>: Thanks a lot. Mike, following off that last question about the market share gains, you mentioned 
double patterning as being one of the key application drivers for these share wins. Can you just comment I guess 
broadly what other I guess process changes or other applications that have helped you gain share both this year and into 
next year? 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, I'd say really three things. One 
is the conversion to metal gate at the logic and foundry companies. This has helped our PVD business substantially. 
The second one is conversion to copper in the memory companies. Semitool has done very well in that market, 
certainly won more than their standard share by a wide margin. 

And then the third area is the movement towards wafer level packaging, where we've been able to put together a suite 
of products there that really helps customers see how the integration of the various processes go together, and we're 
quite bullish. We added up all the wins in that space over the year, and there were some – we won basically over 60% 
of those decisions in our markets. I think there were some 65 decisions across the industry that we counted up this year. 
So that one – while that market isn't big yet, it really I think is a harbinger for a positive future for our SSG products. 

<Q - Patrick Ho>: Great, and my follow-up question is longer term and bigger picture. Your flowable CVD product, I 
think you mentioned when the product was introduced it's something that's targeting the 2X-nanometer and below, and 
it's a $400 million opportunity. Is that something that's still 2012 and beyond where you're targeting? Or do you see any 
kind of accelerations or pull-ins into 2011 as you work with your customers? 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We really think it's the secret to 
really small – narrow STI and to multi-cell performance in Flash, so we're starting to see more and more interest in that 
product. Customers have had to do some extremely difficult integration schemes with spin-on and deposition, CVD 
depositions, to fill those narrow gaps. With this product, you can get away from a lot of that complexity and cost, so we 


have a lot of interest there. It's too early to say it's big pull-in into 2011. But we certainly see it being an important 
product, certainly for DRAM for Flash and getting into logic as well. 

<A - Michael Sullivan, Vice President, Investor Relations>: Thanks, Patrick. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Timothy Arcuri with Citi. 

<Q - Timothy Arcuri>: Hi, Mike, a couple things. First of all, if I look at your SSG business, you overbooked what 
you revenued in July, and you overbooked what you revenued in October as well. So if revenue is flat in January, it 
would seem to imply that bookings in SSG are going be down something like 20%. Is that of the right math? And then I 
had a follow-up. 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No, I don't think we're thinking that 
at all, no. 

<A - George S. Davis, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: No, I think it really reflects the 
combination of starting with a very low backlog and a high turns business. 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, I think our order pattern has 
dramatically changed from history, Tim. And to read too much into how the – what's in the bookings backlog for SSG 
is more about who's ordering than order magnitude itself. 

<Q - Timothy Arcuri>: Okay. So just on that point, so, Mike, are you saying that customers are ordering, placing 
orders now for deliveries like in the second half of next year? Is that what you're saying? 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: The other way around; they're 
ordering now for deliveries in this quarter. 

<Q - Timothy Arcuri>: Okay. So if that was the case, then your bookings should more closely match your shipments, 
right? 

<A - George S. Davis, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: I think you're also – but you've been 
ramping revenues significantly coming out of '09. And you've had the turns business combined, and it's highly 
concentrated in a couple of customers. The turns business is effectively a process buy where with a few customers, they 
don't lock down the POs, but you've had a lot of dialogue, a lot of scheduling, a lot of product configuration. It's just 
that the way the process – you don't close the traditional order until the quarter in which they ship. And as you know, 
we've been a far more concentrated and have had a far more concentrated customer base, and so you get some of these 
patterns that you're looking for. 

<Q - Timothy Arcuri>: George, can I have a quick one, a follow-up? 

<A - George S. Davis, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. 

<Q - Timothy Arcuri>: Just on modeling AGS, before you had said something like 24% to 26% operating margin at 
$2 billion revenue run rate. And it seems like you're 400 to 500 basis points below that model. Is that just a catch-up 
that we'll see next year? Or is there something going on in AGS that's causing you to be shy of that model? 

<A - George S. Davis, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: As we've said, we are shy of where we 
should be against the model because of the 200 millimeter shipment issues that we're having at really all out of the 
supply chain. So agreed, we're operating at least three to four points, maybe three points today below where I'd like to 
see us, and then that widens out a little bit by the end of next year, where we said we would have flown through a lot of 
transformational restructuring activities in AGS, so you would see the full model in place. We're not at our – we're not 
at the second half of '11 yet where we said all those models would be in place. But we are not where we would like to 
be right now there, and we're working on that. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from Edwin Mok with Needham. 

<Q - Edwin Mok>: Thanks for taking my question, so just a follow-up question on your orders that you print. I noticed 
that the orders from the logic/other customers has gone to a pretty high level, probably one of the highest historically. 
Can I ask why that's the case? Is that tied more to 200 millimeter, or is there some specific customer ordering? 

<A - George S. Davis, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: It's primarily one large logic customer 
that's placing a number of orders, yes. 

<Q - Edwin Mok>: All right, okay. Then I have a follow-up question on your Display business. You mentioned that 
you guys have a new product, a PVD product, and you mentioned share gain in that area. Baking into your full-year 
guidance of Display down 20% to 25%, is this roughly in line with what you said will be the end market? Do you think 
that there's limited room to gain further share in PVD, or am I reading too much into that guidance versus your own 
business? 

<A - George S. Davis, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: I think you're reading too much into the 
guidance. We think Display will be down. The market will be down more than 20%, and we were talking specifically 
about our guidance for 2011, the 20 to 25, so I wouldn't read anything in it. We think we've got a good PVD product. 
It's going to continue to gain share, and we would expect to hold share on our other major products at a minimum. 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And we have opportunity ahead in – 
with touch panels and OLEDs as another positive trend there. We're just reacting to the weak TV market that we've 
been seeing recently. 

<A - Michael Sullivan, Vice President, Investor Relations>: Thanks, Edwin. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Mehdi Hosseini with Susquehanna International. 

<Q - Mehdi Hosseini>: Yes, thanks for taking my question. Mike, I'm a little bit confused. In your prepared remarks, 
you said NAND spending is going be about 6 billion or even higher than that, and then that's going be higher than 
DRAM CapEx next year? 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, potentially. It will be higher 
than DRAM CapEx, which we think will be off a bit from where it is, just slightly lower than Flash. 

<Q - Mehdi Hosseini>: So if DRAM is going to be less than 6 and you're suggesting that WFE is going to be flat, then 
where will the 5, 6, 10 billion decline in DRAM spending going to be offset from? 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. I'll just give you the numbers 
we're working with so that we avoid the confusion. We think DRAM spend 8.5 billion in 2010. We think it will down 
to roughly 6. NAND spend 4 billion in 2010, and it will be up to over 6, so those two on a gross basis pretty much 
balance out. And then we think foundry will be up, again given the flat overall market. 

<Q - Mehdi Hosseini>: Very helpful. And then just to follow up, when are we going to hear any update on the LED 
front? 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We're working with some key 
customers, and we're getting increased interest. But they're starting to really see the uniqueness of our product. And 
when the product has met all of its requirements, we'll introduce it, but not until then. 


<Q - Mehdi Hosseini>: Should I assume that this is a strategy by you to make sure that the product acceptance 
penetration is in full force before coming out public? It's somewhat contrast to what happened to [inaudible], or is that a 
reflection of maybe some challenges or longer than expected acceptance? 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think we just want to make sure 
that the product is the product that we want. These products are complex, and the process has to meet the requirements 
that customers have and provide uniqueness to garner its value in the marketplace. So I wouldn't read a whole lot into it 
besides that. 

<Q - Mehdi Hosseini>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Brian Lee with J.P. Morgan. 

<Q - Brian Lee>: Hi, guys, just a couple quick things for me. I guess last quarter you provided guidance for the 
quarter, but also some qualitative color around SSG shipments being up in fiscal Q1 versus Q4. Do you have that same 
level of visibility today to provide the same sort of qualitative color for fiscal Q2 relative to Q1? 

<A - George S. Davis, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: No, I think we're – we had just such a 
very strong indication on a couple of projects where it was just very clear that we would have a strong Q1 that we went 
out and gave that picture. Also we felt at the time there was confusion about whether we would be experiencing an 
immediate drop-off, and we just didn't see that. So we don't have – I'd say that we have – it's not a function of having 
no visibility for our fiscal Q2, but we're just going to stick with our Q1 guidance. 

<Q - Brian Lee>: Okay. And then as a follow-up, I guess, on the operating margin for EES, I know you talked about 
the two point impact to the overall gross margin from the SunFab signoff. What would operating margin for EES have 
been in the quarter if we exclude the effect of SunFab? 

<A - George S. Davis, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, we haven't broken that out, but the 
margin would have clearly been up relative to the 14% reported. It was a very, very strong quarter overall. And so 
again, we're not breaking out the individual operating margins at that level. But again, we would expect another 
similarly strong quarter next quarter. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: Thank you. George, you talked about 300 million in thin film revenue, and you said you 
recognized 225 from two SunFabs. Is there some more – is there 75 million more that you need to recognize in the 
January quarter? 

<A - George S. Davis, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: Oh, in – no. We have one remaining 
SunFab factory that's not signed off. It's very small relatively speaking. We are talking to some of our existing SunFab 
customers about equipment to upgrade certain other facilities, but we haven't forecasted any of those projects at this 
point. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: And quickly, if I take your yearly guidance for EES and the order you just reported, it 
looks like that it will be pretty – linearly declining first because of the impact of the SunFab, but even crystalline looks 
like you need to decline a lot to get to your down 25%. And that would imply – if I keep backlog flattish, that will 
imply orders decline of 50% next quarter. Is that... 

<A - George S. Davis, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: I think you probably have too low a 
number for thin film related revenue, which was about 500 million last year. So if you make that adjustment, you'll see 


that at the low end, it's flat, and then it comes up from there. 

<A - Michael Sullivan, Vice President, Investor Relations>: Thanks, Mahesh. And, Carrie, I think we have time for 
about two more questions, please. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Jagadish Iyer with Arete Research. 

<Q - Jagadish Iyer>: Yes, thanks for taking my question, two questions. First, I wanted to find out you've talked about 
the wafer level packaging. I just wanted to understand how much has been the contribution this year from this 
particular share gains on this, and what is your best estimate for '11 please? And I have a follow-up. 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: You mean on the – versus wafer fab 
equipment? 

<Q - Jagadish Iyer>: No, just on the overall contribution to the revenue for silicon systems, in terms of base level. 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: In 2010, very small. So in 2011, it 
will have to take a peek, but it will be well over 100 million or more in 2011. It could be as high as 300 million 
depending on who ramps volume first. 

<Q - Jagadish Iyer>: Okay. And I have a quick follow-up. Mike, this is the first time you talked about a little bit on 
OLED equipment. Can you give us some color on what the offering is and how this market can grow potentially 
please? Thank you. 

<A - Michael R. Splinter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Traditionally OLED has been for 
smaller form factor screens for smartphones, cell phones, and those kind of applications, so most of the factories are 
Gen-4 or Gen-5. So we're seeing a number of – quite a few orders of upgrades of factories in that space. There's one 
major panel manufacturer that's making a much larger factory for OLEDs for TVs. So that's really the beginning of 
getting the large size glass onto OLED. So that's the big, exciting opportunity along with some other upgrade 
businesses to the smaller size factories. 

Operator 

Your last question comes from Krish Sankar with Bank of America. 

<Q - Krish Sankar>: Yes, thanks for the follow-up, just a quick question. You said 85% of your E is backlog for 
crystalline silicon. What of the remaining $125 million, what is the composition of it? Thank you. 

<A - George S. Davis, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. We've got web related – if you 
remember, in this segment we also have our web business, and we've had a fair amount of interest for row cooling 
related – actually both the packaging, which has been the traditional, and then also now increasingly for touch screen 
applications for what we would call our Smart Web products. We also have some, again, a minor backlog related to one 
small SunFab factory to sign off. And that covers 90% of what we're talking about. 

<Q - Krish Sankar>: Thank you. 

Michael Sullivan, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thanks, Krish. Thanks, Carrie, and we'd like to thank everyone for joining us this afternoon. Our earnings slide 
package is now available on our website, and a replay of this call is going to be available by about 5:00 PM Pacific 
time. Both of these items are going to remain available until December 1st. We'd like to thank you for your continued 


interest in Applied Materials. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


