Q2 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Allyson Pooley, Vice President, Investor Relations 
• Charles B. Edelstein, Chief Executive Officer 
• Joseph L. D'Amico, President and Chief Operating Officer 
• Gregory W. Cappelli, Executive Vice President, Global Strategy; Assistant to the Executive Chairman 
Other Participants 

• Gary Bisbee 
• Kelly Flynn 
• Brian Swartz 
• Mark Marostica 
• Andrew Steinerman 
• Andrew Fones 
• Kevin Doherty 
• Trace Urdan 
• Jeff Silber 
• Jerry Herman 
• Amy Junker 
• Brandon Dobell 
• Corey Greendale 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Apollo Group Incorporated's fiscal 2009 second quarter earnings 
conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer 
session and instructions will follow at that time. Please refrain from entering into the queue until those instructions are 
given. [Operator Instructions] 

This conference call is being recorded today, March 31, 2009, and may not be reproduced in whole or in part without 
permission from the company. There will be a replay of this call available through April 10, 2009 beginning 
approximately two hours after we conclude today. Additionally, this call will be broadcast over the Internet and can be 
accessed via the company's website at www.apollogrp.edu. 

I would now like to turn the call over to Allyson Pooley, Vice President, Investor Relations of Apollo Group. Ms. 
Pooley, please go ahead. 

Allyson Pooley, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thank you and good afternoon, thanks for joining us. Speaking today will be Chas Edelstein, Chief Executive Officer; 
Joe D'Amico, our President and newly appointed Chief Operating Officer; and Greg Cappelli, Executive Vice President 
of Global Strategy, Assistant to the Chairman, and Chairman of Apollo Global. Additionally Brian Swartz, who was 


promoted today to Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, will be available during the Q&A 
period. During that time, we ask that you be respectful to everyone's time and limit your questions. We expect to take 
the time necessary to answer all of them. 

Before we begin, I would like to remind you that as we discuss our results, we note that unless otherwise stated, we will 
be comparing our second quarter of fiscal 2009, the quarter ended February 28, 2009, to the second quarter of fiscal 
2008. I'd also like to remind you that this conference call may contain forward-looking statements with respect to the 
future performance and financial condition of Apollo Group that involve risks and uncertainties. Various factors could 
cause actual results of the company to be materially different from any future results expressed or implied by such 
forward-looking statements. These factors are discussed in Item 1A and elsewhere in the company's 10-K report and in 
subsequent 10-Q reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The company does not take any 
obligation to update anyone with regard to the forward-looking statements made during the conference call. 

And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Chas. 

Charles B. Edelstein, Chief Executive Officer 

Good afternoon everyone and thanks for joining us to discuss our second quarter results today. I'd like to provide some 
highlights from the quarter and then spend some time discussing our focus on academic quality and assessment. Joe 
will then discuss our results in more detail from both a financial and operational perspective. And finally, Greg will 
update you on the investments we're making as well as our outlook. 

Before I begin, I'd like to address our recently announced management and Board changes. Today, we announced a 
transition within our finance and operations department. Joe D'Amico, who has been with Apollo since November of 
'06 when he was brought on board as interim CFO, is relinquishing his role as CFO in order to focus his time on the 
operations side of the business. He will continue as President of Apollo Group and is taking on the newly created 
position of Chief Operating Officer. This promotion reflects the outstanding leadership that Joe has demonstrated and 
my confidence in his ability to further enhance our core operations. 

We also announced today that Brian Swartz has been promoted to Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Brian joined 
Apollo in early '07 and has worked closely with Joe over the past two years. Together, they have greatly enhanced our 
reporting, governance, and corporate finance capabilities. Brian has earned the respect and trust of the Board and the 
senior management team, and I'm confident that Brian will serve this company well in this important role. 

Greg Iverson, who joined Apollo in April of '07 as Controller, has been promoted to Chief Accounting Officer. He will 
continue to serve as Controller as well and continue to work closely with Brian in this new position. 

And finally, I want to welcome Fred Newton to Apollo. Fred started last week as our Senior Vice President of Human 
Resources. He brings over 20 years of human resources experience to Apollo, which will serve our employees well. I'm 
very much looking forward to working with Fred in his new role. 

On the Board front, as we announced a couple days ago, we've added three new directors, bringing the total to 13 from 
10 previously. We're delighted to have Terri Bishop, Steve Giusto, and Manny Rivelo joining the Board. Terri is 
currently Executive Vice President of External Affairs at Apollo Group. She has been with the company for over 25 
years and brings tremendous insight to the Board. Steve Giusto, who currently serves as CFO of Korn/Ferry, plans to 
step down from that role soon in favor of his new role as senior advisor to Korn/Ferry's CEO. Steve brings decades of 
finance and accounting experience which will be in value to the Audit Committee, which he will be joining replacing 
Dino DeConcini on that committee. Manny Rivelo has been with Cisco Systems for 17 years. His vast knowledge and 
experience in the technology industry will be of great value as we continue to grow our student body and the systems to 
support them. Manny will join the Compensation Committee of the Board, replacing Sue Redman on that committee. 

Now let me turn to our earnings results. I'm pleased to share another record quarter with you. During the second 
quarter, we continued to benefit from investments we are making in key academic and operating areas. For the second 
quarter, our net income excluding a securities litigation charge a year ago increased 78% to $125 million, resulting in 


diluted earnings per share of $0.77. Consolidated net revenues increased 26% to 876 million, which resulted in 
operating income growth of nearly 90%. 

In round numbers, that 26% revenue growth this quarter breaks down as follows. Enrollment growth at University of 
Phoenix contributed about 20 points of that total revenue growth. Recent price increases at University of Phoenix 
contributed about four points, and the other two points came from increased revenues at Apollo Global and other 
schools. Total enrollment growth at University of Phoenix was driven by very strong new student enrollment growth of 
23% as well as from continued year-over-year improvement in student retention. 

Our students and the quality of their academic experience are the key drivers at Apollo. We are very mindful that we're 
in an economic downturn, which has some state and local colleges capping attendance or even closing campuses. At the 
same time, President Obama in a recent speech addressing education reform specifically called out the need to prepare 
not only young people but older workers who need new skills to change careers. He called for lifelong learning. This is 
very much in line with the vision on which University of Phoenix was founded over 30 years ago. We are just as 
committed today to our vision of providing access to high quality, affordable education as well as providing 
opportunity and choice to as many students as can benefit both here and abroad. 

The quality of the educational experience can be measured in many ways. We are very focused on learning outcomes 
and we are committed to transparency in our academic operations. We have invested in the identification and 
measurement of student learning outcomes and have been a leader in the assessment movement from early on. This was 
a key objective behind publishing University of Phoenix's first ever Academic Annual Report last summer. It provides 
a transparent look at issues such as academic quality including student performance and satisfaction as well as 
completion rates. The results show that as compared with students entering college nationally, on average University of 
Phoenix students begin with lower levels of preparation in the general areas of critical thinking, reading, writing, and 
math. But by the time they graduate, they perform at comparable levels. 

We are very proud of the completion rates of our students in light of the fact that most of our students have several 
college risk factors such as holding down a job or raising children while going to school, which lowers the statistical 
probability of completing college. Our programs incorporate services targeted at addressing these risk factors and 
related student needs in order to enhance their chances to graduate. Just a note, we do plan to publish our second 
Academic Annual Report this fall, which will provide you with an update on certain of these data points. 

Our commitment to academic quality and excellence and our focus on the student experience is essential to University 
of Phoenix's success. We also believe our national scope is a service to the nation at a time when our country needs to 
expand rather than restrict enrollment in higher education. We take this responsibility seriously and feel honored that 
we're in a position to create long-term value for our shareholders while serving this important societal need. 

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Joe. 

Joseph L. D'Amico, President and Chief Operating Officer 

Thanks, Chas. Chas gave a great overview of the results, and now I'd like to discuss some of the financial details and 
operational actions driving them, and then update you on a few of the current topics that we know are on your mind. 

Before I begin, I'd also like to congratulate Brian Swartz and Greg Iverson. Their efforts and support over the last two 
years have been a tremendous help to me. Their efforts have been critical as we enhanced our accounting and finance 
organization. And I have every confidence that under Brian's leadership, we will continue to execute the vision we set 
two years ago. 

Now for the results, we reported 26% revenue growth, driven by increases in enrollment, retention, and net tuition 
pricing. We are pleased with the continued growth in new student enrollment and in retention across each degree level. 
We believe this is in large part due to the robust marketing initiatives we have been implementing, which are producing 
better quality student inquiries, resulting in students who are more seriously interested and ready to enroll in our 
programs. 


Additionally, we are pleased to report that due to our renewed focus on advertising in our local communities, we have 
begun to see some incremental growth at our campuses, particularly at the Bachelor level. During the quarter, we 
continued to see transfers from our Associates program to our Bachelor program. And similar to last quarter, we've 
seen even greater growth in our Bachelor enrollment levels from our marketing efforts. 

Now let me turn to operating expenses and their impact on income from operations and cash flow. As a reminder, 
beginning this quarter we have enhanced our disclosure to focus on revenue and operating income by business segment. 
Included in our press release today are detailed cost tables to help in that transition. Going forward, we will no longer 
be reporting expense detail in this format. 

Income from operations excluding the securities litigation charge a year ago increased almost 90% to 206 million, and 
our operating margin increased 780 basis points from [to] 23.5% from 15.7% a year ago. This increase as a percent of 
revenue was driven by a 460 basis point improvement in instructional costs and services and a 330 basis point 
improvement in selling and promotional expenses, partially offset by a 20 basis point increase in general and 
administrative expenses. 

Now let's look at the key reasons for each of these changes. The significant improvement in instructional costs and 
services as a percent of revenue occurred as a result of economies of scale associated with a 26% increase in revenues 
as well as from savings from lower negotiated contract costs from third-party vendors, particularly in the financial aid 
processing where costs declined significantly year over year despite the increased volume. During the quarter, our 
variable costs at University of Phoenix, particularly in our academic and financial counselors and faculty wages, grew 
at a lower rate than revenue, also adding to the increased margin. 

It's important to note that we closely monitor our service levels for students, especially during times of high growth, to 
ensure our students receive the same high quality experience to which they have become accustomed. Should our 
growth continue at levels we have been experiencing these past few quarters, we will likely need to increase hiring of 
not only academic counselors but also enrollment and finance counselors. 

Offsetting the gains was higher bad debt expense, which increased to 4.1% of revenue as compared to 3.8% a year ago, 
a 30 basis point increase. Bad debt expense also increased as compared to the first quarter of 2009. This was primarily 
due to the increased aging of receivables and the related risk of collecting them. This coupled with lower collection 
rates of older receivables caused our bad debt expense to trend upward. On an absolute dollar basis, bad debt expense 
has also been trending up. And while we continue to closely monitor and manage the collection process, given the 
current economic climate it is possible that bad debt expense may continue to increase in the near term. Consistent with 
past quarters, our total allowance for doubtful accounts continues to exceed all receivables greater than 90 days old. 
And it is important to note that bad debt as a percentage of revenue will vary from quarter to quarter due to seasonality. 

Selling and promotional expenses increased only 11.9% year over year, and as a percentage of revenue declined 330 
basis points to 25.8%. This is the first time in five quarters that we've seen a decline and is mainly a result of more 
effective advertising spend as well as improved enrollment counselor effectiveness. 

As you know, the advertising market like most industries is feeling the effects of the economic downturn. And as a 
result, we are seeing lower ad rates in offline media channels as well as in some of our key online advertising channels 
like display advertising. However, ad rates in our primary channels such as search engine marketing are still 
competitive. We have begun to take advantage of these softening rates and are selectively shifting ad dollars to offline 
media. 

Many of you have seen our full page ad in The Wall Street Journal on Inauguration Day. The ad accompanied national 
television ads as we kicked off our new 'I Am A Phoenix' marketing campaign. This campaign has been rolled out in 
several test markets and feedback has been very positive. We'll be expanding the campaign nationally and adding 
additional local markets in the coming months as we believe it is having a positive effect in further strengthening the 
University of Phoenix brand. 


With respect to enrollment counselors, we continue to experience lower employee turnover which along with better 
quality student inquiries led to further improvement in enrollment counselor effectiveness. And while we continue to 
hire enrollment counselors in areas where we see particularly strong demand, we are also focused on providing better 
tools and support systems for our existing enrollment staff to further enhance their effectiveness. 

Now to G&A, G&A expenses increased 29.3%; and as a percent of revenue, increased 20 basis points to 8.1% in the 
second quarter. The increase as a percentage of revenue is primarily due to the financial impact of an $8.4 million 
payment to the Department of Education relating to our inaccurate calculations over several years concerning students 
maintaining satisfactory academic progress or as I'll term it SAP. Through our review, we determined that our SAP 
calculations were not always identifying students who were ineligible for Title IV loans and grants because they were 
not making satisfactory academic progress. We have since corrected these calculations, reported our findings to the 
Department of Education, and paid our best estimate of the actual loss amount in accordance with the regulations. We 
believe the matter is closed, but it may be further reviewed by the department. Excluding the impact of this one-time 
item, a portion of which was expensed this quarter and of a portion in past quarters, G&A as a percent of revenue 
would have been slightly better than the prior year. 

For the second quarter of 2009, our share-based compensation expense was approximately $16 million. We now expect 
share-based compensation to be approximately 70 to 75 million for the full year depending on our stock price as well as 
the level of future equity grants. 

With respect to income taxes, in the second quarter our effective tax rate was 39.9%. Due to lower investments in 
tax-exempt securities, we now expect our tax rate for the full year to be between 40 and 40.5%, higher than previously 
estimated. 

Now let's turn to highlights on the balance sheet and cash flows. Cash and marketable securities excluding restricted 
cash totaled 909 million versus 511 million at August 31, 2008. We generated approximately 297 million of adjusted 
free cash flow during the first half, a 56% increase versus a year ago. We define adjusted free cash flow as cash flow 
from operations less CapEx and changes in restricted cash. 

Excluding our Apollo Global operations, accounts receivable, and the associated revenue, our DSO at February 28, 
2009 declined to 25 days from 30 days a year ago and 29 days at August 31, 2008. This was primarily due to 
improvements in our processing time for receipt of student financial aid as well as increased revenue. 

Before I turn the call over to Greg, I'd like to update you on a couple current topics: first, our program review; and 
second, the current administration's proposed move to direct lending. First with respect to the program review, during 
February the Department of Education performed an ordinary course focused program review of the University of 
Phoenix's policies and procedures involving Title IV programs. The department's auditors spent about a week in 
Phoenix and reviewed selected files. The review is not yet complete and we expect to have an exit conference with the 
department prior to the issuance of their program review report. 

Once we receive that report, we will be expected to respond and then the department will issue a final program review 
determination. We have been transparent and cooperative with the department and believe they were very appreciative 
of our efforts. Finally, we have been told informally that because of our size, we along with other large universities will 
likely be subject to annual focused program reviews. 

And now the Federal Direct Lending program; President Obama has indicated his intent to simplify financial aid for 
students and to reduce government costs surrounding financial aid. To this end, he has proposed a move to direct 
lending for all schools beginning in July of 2010. We've received many questions from you on where we stand with 
respect to direct lending, so I'd like to take a moment to update you on our progress. 

We expect to implement direct lending initially for the PLUS [Parent Loan for Undergraduate Students] loans 
beginning in July of this year. We have a team addressing operational and technical issues and we believe we are in a 
position to meet our July target. The next step will be to offer Stafford loans via direct lending. We expect to be able to 
fully transition from the FFELP [Federal Family Education Loan Program] program to direct lending by the proposed 
2010 phase-out date. 


Over the next year, we will enhance our systems and processes to support the full migration to the direct lending 
platform. At this time, we don't foresee any significant financial impact. However, we're still early in the 
implementation process. 

With that, I'll turn it over to Greg. 

Gregory W. Cappelli, Executive Vice President, Global Strategy; Assistant to 
the Executive Chairman 

Thanks, Joe, good afternoon everyone. Today, I'd just to like to give you a brief update on the investments we made in 
our core business as well as our newer business areas. And then I'll update you on our 2009 outlook. 

As a reminder, when we evaluate investments, we do so on a pyramid-type priority structure with the University of 
Phoenix on top because of its superior returns. In fact, we just recently went back to review the past 10-year period 
from 1998 through 2008. During that time, the University of Phoenix actually increased its operating profits by $760 
million while investing an additional 350 million in capital. That translates into an after-tax return on incremental 
invested capital of more than 130%. 

We then looked at the most recent five-year period from 2003 through 2008 where the University of Phoenix increased 
its operating profits by 440 million while incremental capital investment grew by 250 million, generating a five-year 
return on incremental invested capital of 110%. And to be conservative, we did include the purchase of our 
headquarters building in 2008. That was about an extra $130 million of capital. Without that, the return would have 
been even higher. So although all these historical rates are not predictions of the future, we think that the underlying 
attractiveness of our core business remains strong today, which is why we continue to invest all we can in the 
University of Phoenix. 

The next slice of the pyramid is our other owned assets. We're consistently evaluating these entities, which include 
Apollo Global, Insight, Western International University [WIU], IPD [Institute for Professional Development], and 
CFP [College for Financial Planning]. We have decided to more aggressively invest in WIU at this time. In fact, we 
just hired a new President as well as a Senior Vice President of Strategy and Development for WIU. We think they are 
going to be outstanding additions to the organization and will help formulate and execute WIU's strategy and future 
growth plan, which you'll be hearing more about on future calls. 

In terms of the final slice of the pyramid, we constantly evaluate partnerships and acquisitions in our pursuit of 
opportunities that are strategically consistent with our long-term goals and of course are value creative. 

Share repurchases are always considered when we evaluate our uses of capital similar to most high-return service 
businesses at Apollo, investments and our operating expenses that run through the income statement in addition to 
capital investments and acquisitions. Academic quality and student success will always be our primary focus, and we 
continue to invest aggressively and broadly in our students. 

We consistently talk about these important areas because they drive retention, and we know that maintaining or even 
further improving retention going forward will be a major factor in how we define our success both internally and 
externally. As you know, we've already seen significant improvement in retention over the past couple of years, so the 
next level of improvement will surely be tougher. That being said, we're going to continue our best efforts in this area. 
And if we continue to have success, it has the potential to result in meaningful additional value creation for all of our 
stakeholders. 

We also continue invest in marketing. As Joe mentioned, we're beginning to see the benefits of the investments we 
made and the new strategies we put in place over the past year. But we think incremental opportunity still exists. In 
fact, we've learned so much in the marketing area since acquiring Aptimus that our expectations of what is possible are 
much greater today as compared to when we actually acquired the company in late 2007. 


Reaching these goals will require further investment, particularly in the area of human capital. But we think this is 
justified by the returns, not just at the University of Phoenix, but also as we leverage our knowledge and expertise to 
our other educational entities. 

Finally, this will be a year of more significant investment in technology and specifically our Learner Management 
Systems or LMS platform. This will include additional personnel as we've increased our second half budget to reflect 
these investments. We've already made some significant and very talented hires from leading Internet and technology 
based companies. These individuals bring vast knowledge of Internet technology and advertising as well as other 
capabilities we have not yet had at all, which should be of great value as we develop our technology platform for the 
21st century. 

Now let me just quickly update you on Apollo Global, where we continue to build the foundation in order to leverage 
our domestic strengths and capabilities. During the second quarter, Global generated 14 million of revenue and an 
operating loss of 2 million. This is a decline from the 17 million of revenue and slight profit generated in the first 
quarter due to foreign exchange fluctuations, seasonality at UNIACC, our school in Chile, as well as some economic 
weakness at ULA, our school in Mexico. 

Integration at the two schools continues. We're building up the teams in key areas including the hiring of a new CEO 
and CFO at UNIACC as well as rolling out new online based programs in Chile. 

At ULA, we also recently enhanced the senior management team and although they are working through a very 
difficult economic time down there, we continue to expect solid returns over time. Our long-term goal in both countries 
is to target both the traditional and adult learner markets and continue to build out our online offerings. 

We also recently launched our Apollo Global website. It can be found at www.apolloglobal.us. It provides a good 
overview of our key goals and objectives, and it includes bios on the entire Global and corporate development team. 
The website was developed using the in-house expertise at UNIACC, our arts and communications school in Chile. 

Overall, I'm pleased with the base of operations we're building at Global as we're taking the time to put in a solid 
foundation, add talented individuals to the team, and maintain patience as we evaluate businesses and valuations around 
the globe. As I look at the activity levels around Global, I do think this will be a year of more significant investment 
into certain key markets that we've been actively pursuing for the past couple of years. 

Now on to our high school initiative; Insight Schools continues to be an area of investment. For the second quarter, 
they generated 6.6 million of revenue, and had an operating loss of 6 million. We have increased the number of schools 
we are serving relative to a year ago, and enrollment in existing schools has increased as well. Insight Schools grew 
very rapidly over the past year. And because of that, we're intentionally holding back new school growth for the next 
school year to ensure that the school's quality, compliance, and student services meets our demanding expectations. 

So in conclusion, we had a very solid first half of the fiscal year. We're pleased with the fact that we experienced strong 
growth in enrollment, revenue, retention, and cash flow. We have identified additional areas of investment we think 
will be important to make as we look to take the University of Phoenix and Apollo Group to an even higher level. 
We're fortunate to be in a financial position that allow us to make these investments as we have well over $1 billion in 
liquidity. 

During the first fiscal half – excuse me, during the first half of fiscal 2009, we experienced a significant expansion of 
our operating margin, some due to the incremental growth we just discussed. But this was also due in part to the timing 
of certain investments. On that note, we do expect to make significant investments in both the third and fourth quarters, 
particularly in areas of technology, our education platform, personnel, and marketing, all of this being done with the 
intent to further enhancing the student experience and strengthening our brand. And while we still expect that our 
operating margin for the full fiscal year will be higher than the previous year, we don't expect the same kind of 
expansion in the second half of the year that we experienced in the first half. 

Finally during the second quarter, we didn't repurchase any of our shares under our repurchase program, so we still 
have 500 million authorized and available to us. We'll of course continue to evaluate all of our future investment 


opportunities utilizing our cash flow based valuation framework that I mentioned earlier. 

In closing, on behalf of all the senior management team, we want to thank the thousands of employees and faculty who 
worked so hard to deliver high quality education to all of our students every day. As we travel around the country to 
meet with our many talented employees throughout our campus system, the passion we see for helping students 
improve their lives is truly an inspiration for all of us at Apollo Group. 

With that, I'll turn the call back to the operator so we can take your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Gary Bisbee [Barclays Capital]. Your line is 
open. 

<Q - Gary Bisbee>: Hey, guys congratulations on the quarter. 

<A - Joseph D'Amico>: Hey, Gary. 

<A - Charles Edelstein>: Hey, Gary. 

<Q - Gary Bisbee>: I guess I'll go to those last couple of comments, Greg, and the level of investment. What you 
mentioned that I heard was a couple of countries or areas of Global that you'd like to increase investment, some more 
hiring in the marketing side of things, and spend on the IT platform. I would assume that maybe some of that would be 
capitalized, but I guess can you give us any sense as to how we should think about the level, the cost in aggregate? 
Those things just the way you mentioned them doesn't sound to me like it's going to be an enormous number that's 
going to derail what has been a terrifically positive margin story, so I guess any more color you can give us on timing 
and level of those investments? 

<A - Gregory Cappelli>: Sure, Gary, the timing is involved here in terms of the investments. I would say probably one 
of the areas that we're more focused on is the technology platform. So we know there will be investment dollars going 
into that. There has already been dollars going into it, but they will ramp up in 3 and 4Q. And the reason they will is 
because we're going to expect to get a terrific return off of the human capital we're bringing on, and then the – you're 
right that some of it will be capitalized as well. 

The other thing is keep in mind that we'll start to have harder comps towards the back half of the year as well. So we 
look at that and say we had tremendous leverage this quarter. We are not going to see that level of leverage in the third 
and fourth quarters, although we still expect it to be positive. So some of that is going to depend on where enrollments 
come out and revenues ultimately, but you're right. We're not trying to signal anything other than the fact that it's going 
to be a higher amount of investment, and therefore we don't think as much margin expansion as we've had. 

<Q - Gary Bisbee>: Okay, I mean obviously a lot of the margin expansion is just that the revenue growth has 
accelerated so dramatically in the last six months, and so as you said with comps that will ease. But should we, if you 
think year-over-year change in absolute cost, is that likely to reaccelerate or are you thinking more that it's going to be 
harder to get margins because the revenue growth is probably going to decelerate somewhat as we move forward? 

<A - Joseph D'Amico>: This is Joe. We expect our costs to grow just in accordance with our growth or hopefully 
somewhat less. We're not looking for a step cost increase or a step function increase in our costs here. So we don't 
foresee anything today anyway that would cause us to give you that warning. 

<Q - Gary Bisbee>: Okay, and then just one last one on the marketing costs. Obviously that was a terrific turnaround 
there in the growth in advertising dollars slowed quite a bit. Is there some timing involved with that? I understand what 
you're saying on people costs and stuff, or are you just getting enough benefit from lower pricing and your increased 
efficiency that that can be a lot slower growth going forward? 


<A - Joseph D'Amico>: It's a combination of things. First of all, we did postpone some of the investment or at least 
haven't made all the investment that we intend to make on the advertising front. Secondly, we've done some 
reallocation of dollars. Thirdly, we're managing growth to be more on a consistent basis from as best we can from 
quarter to quarter, and we're getting good returns on the investment spending that we're making in advertising. So I 
think all of those were factors in this quarter. 

And in the future quarters, we have I think as Greg alluded to, we see greater opportunities in other things that we can 
do, and we want as we've said many, many times, we want to invest for the long term. So on a brand front, we'll be 
doing some things. And as I said, we'll be rolling out our 'I Am A Phoenix' program nationally and the like. And we'll 
try other avenues in terms of the marketing front in terms of how we get to our students and how we enhance our brand 
image. 

<A - Gregory Cappelli>: We know that our enrollment growth on the new enrollments was obviously, as we talked 
about last quarter, was slightly below last quarter's, but you also have to look at the advertising dollars behind that as 
well. 

<A - Joseph D'Amico>: Yes, they were down somewhat like, somewhere in the 200 basis points year over year as a 
percent of revenue. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Kelly Flynn [Credit Suisse]. Your line is open. 

<Q - Kelly Flynn>: Thanks. First of all, my question is on bad debt. Can you give us a little more color on the 
magnitude of an increase that you might be expecting there? 

<A - Brian Swartz>: Hi, Kelly; it's Brian. I mean it's hard to predict that obviously given the current environment, but 
we kicked up to 4.1 this quarter. It's principally because we are – because of the economic conditions and because we 
are seeing older receivables age longer. It's harder to collect those older receivables. In terms of where it can cap out at, 
we don't know, but we're trying to manage it as best we can and stay in front of it as best we can. 

<Q - Kelly Flynn>: Okay. Could you just spend a second on why the weak economy is such an impact? Generally, a 
lot of your bad debt is tied in with the timing of receiving Title IV versus when people drop out. 

<A - Brian Swartz>: Our bad debt is principally triggered when a student drops or leaves school, and then it either 
forces us into a situation where we need to collect them indirectly since most of our funds are funded by Title IV. And 
so when that happens, the student, particularly the one that's in the collection cycle and has dropped out some time ago, 
I think generally in the economy that that profile student, that individual is having a harder time paying their bills today 
than they did say a year or two ago, and we're seeing that in lower collection rates on those receivables. So the 
economy is driving their ability to pay those bills and those bills are being generated because they left school or 
dropped out of school without completing their courses. 

<Q - Kelly Flynn>: Okay. 

<A - Brian Swartz>: Hopefully, that makes sense. 

<Q - Kelly Flynn>: Yes, it does, thank you, and then just a second topic on the program review. I know you mentioned 
on your last 10-Q as well, but first of all, what does a focused program review mean? I mean you said it's normal 
course, but then it also says focused. What does that mean, what is the focus? And then also, any update on the 
month-to-month Title IV approval and where that stands and why? Thanks. 

<A - Joseph D'Amico>: Sure, Kelly; the focused program review is a limited scope review. The auditors asked for 
certain files from us, certain student files, and then they looked at all elements of Title IV related to those files rather 
than coming in and doing a complete review that would go well beyond the student files. 


In terms of the participation agreement, we have continued to stay in contact with the department on that. In their last 
discussions, they indicated they'd like to update. Since it has been a while now since we've provided them with our list 
of school – list of locations, they asked us to update that in their system. It actually, believe it or not, takes them quite a 
while to put that information in because we're so large and there are so many locations. So we're going to be providing 
them with that information. Once that happens, then we hope that will be at the end of that road and that they'll issue 
their sign-off on the PPA. 

I will say that nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that this is anything but ordinary course of 
business. We just happen to be so large that it takes them a lot of time and they have a lot of other schools in exactly 
the same position. I've actually told them that this is asked on every conference call we have and to be a bit sensitive to 
that. And they said just tell them that all the other schools are in the same position as you are or many of them are. So I 
don't expect there is going to be a – I hope it's not a significant delay from here, but it will still be probably a matter of 
months anyway before that's finalized. 

<Q - Kelly Flynn>: Okay. And then finally just on the annual program reviews, can anyone provide a little color on 
what annual – and other schools are going to face it too, is it other for-profit schools or other large schools in general? 
How do you think about that? Is that a good thing or a bad thing? 

<A - Joseph D'Amico>: Yes, I would say that that first of all comes in discussions. It's not anything formal, but since I 
was told that, I thought it would be appropriate to let you know. Actually, and who else is going to be involved in an 
annual focus review, I really don't know, whether it's for profit, traditional, et cetera. What was alluded to, to me was 
large schools, large universities because of the way they look at other measuring risks related to really the funding 
which to me makes sense. 

Secondly, in terms of how we look at it, I look at it actually positively. I think it's good to – first of all, we've had lots of 
discussions, or I have with the department around our, the fact that we certainly respect their position and we feel that 
we have a responsibility to handle Title IV funds in the best way we can, and we want to be world-class in the way we 
do that. And the more they understand of what we do and how we do it, I think the better off everybody is. And so 
having them here once a year I think does a lot of things for us including mitigate any risk of large impacts that might 
affect multi-years for example, if by chance we happen to be doing something wrong. So I view it as being a positive. 

<Q - Kelly Flynn>: Thank you. 

<A - Gregory Cappelli>: Thanks Kelly. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Mark Marostica [Piper Jaffray]. Your line is open. 

<Q - Mark Marostica>: Yes, thank you. My first question is a follow-up on the selling and promotion spending plans. 
I think, Joe, you drew attention to and alluded to the idea of adding more enrollment counselors in the back half of the 
year, perhaps more financial aid counselors in the back half of the year. And I wonder if you can give us a sense of 
where you stand right now in terms of number of enrollment counselors and where you expect to be by the end of the 
year. 

<A - Joseph D'Amico>: Mark, that's information that we have not been giving out. As I've said in past calls, I think 
what's really important is that we're working on first of all, having student inquiries that are more likely to convert into 
University of Phoenix students, so we look at the effectiveness of that. We're doing a lot of content advertising, if you 
will, or providing more content, so people are coming to us really in a different way, and those who are more interested 
in coming to school here are those inquiries we're getting; so the conversion rates, if you will, are higher. 

And I think that we're also looking at tools and have been providing more support for enrollment counselors through 
our websites and other ways so that they can be more effective. And the idea here is to continue to be as effective as we 
can to improve the results. And as we – if growth continues at the levels that they are, all I'm saying is that we will be 


adding – we'll have to add, at some point we need to add because the effectiveness of the enrollment counselors and the 
service they provide, for example, or the academic or finance counselors may go down. And if that starts to happen, 
and we're looking at it in anticipation of that, so we won't let that happen. But if it were to start to happen, we'd 
obviously find ourselves behind the 8-ball in terms of hiring. We're going to look at that and manage it appropriately. 

<Q - Mark Marostica>: Joe, on that point, with your comments that you don't expect selling and promotion to behave 
like a step function cost item, should we continue to see leverage on the selling and promotion line in the back half of 
the year? 

<A - Joseph D'Amico>: We may see some increase in the absolute dollars, and I hope that as a percent of revenue – I 
don't know that it will be the same as this quarter because this quarter was particularly low, and we said we'd be 
investing in marketing and the like. But I don't see it as making one large investment in one quarter for example. It's not 
the way I would try to manage it anyway. 

<Q - Mark Marostica>: Okay, but just to reiterate, you do think that we will see continued leverage in the back half of 
the year on that line? 

<A - Gregory Cappelli>: Yes, Mark, this is Greg. What we said is we expect the year to be higher at the total... 

<A - Brian Swartz>: Total -- total margin. 

<A - Gregory Cappelli>: ...and less so in the back half than the first – the front half of the year. And if you just think 
about it, the first half expansion, I think it was 550 basis points overall, we talked about the timing of the investments. 
We talked about the increased technology, the marketing, things like the 'I Am a Phoenix' campaign which you've seen 
rolled out, continuing to roll out and support that. Brian mentioned the bad debt which we have to take into 
consideration; so there are enough things for us here to be more cautious on the second half than the first. But... 

<Q - Mark Marostica>: Okay, fair enough, and then one follow-up question on the bad debt. I think it was mentioned 
that one item to consider is seasonality of bad debt. Could you walk us through the seasonality issue as it will play out, 
as you think it will play out in the balance of the year? 

<A - Brian Swartz>: Mark, it's Brian. I only mention the seasonality because we focus on sequential bad debt as a 
percentage of revenue, and I was only pointing out that there is seasonality there and that can vary obviously on a 
sequential basis. And you do need to look at it both year over year in addition to just sequentially. 

<Q - Mark Marostica>: And so as we look at Q3 and Q4, is there anything from a seasonal perspective that we should 
consider in looking at that particular spend item? 

<A - Brian Swartz>: Nothing out of the ordinary that we haven't – that you wouldn't have seen in historical numbers 
in Q3 or Q4. 

<Q - Mark Marostica>: Okay, fair enough. I'll turn it over. Thanks. 

<A - Gregory Cappelli>: Thank you, Mark. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Steinerman [JPMorgan]. Your line is open. 

<Q - Andrew Steinerman>: Hi there gentlemen. The revenue per student growth has been similar to the tuition 
increases. Are there anything else influencing revenue per student? Do you think it's going to continue at this level of 
increase over the next couple of quarters? 

<A - Brian Swartz>: Hi, Andrew, it's Brian. I mean the revenue – as you know, we changed our refund policy in 
March of last year, so just over a year ago, that we're lapping that now. So there are clearly various things that impact 
the revenue per student. One of them is the number of refunds in a particular quarter. There is also obviously some 


seasonality in revenue in there that impacts it. So in general, we've seen some of the price increases come through net 
of the change in that refund policy. And going forward, we would expect to see similar kinds of numbers. 

<Q - Andrew Steinerman>: Okay, and then just a second question. Again, it's on the investment spend. I just want to 
make sure. Did the company accomplish all the investments that they were trying to do in the first half of the year, and 
so this decision to step up investments in the second half is independent of that? 

<A - Gregory Cappelli>: I don't think we accomplished all of our investment goals in the first half, I think, but to your 
question, Andrew, we do see – I mean as we look at the business and evaluate things, there are just more opportunities 
that come up. We're not looking to just invest in anything that sounds interesting, and there are some specific areas and 
specific places we'll be putting the investments in dollars that I mentioned. So when I say timing, timing can mean – 
look at the availability of the personnel you are bringing on from various companies or the technology or a number of 
things, or the condition of the marketplace. So it's really a combination of those that are driving our decisions in 3Q and 
4Q. 

<A - Charles Edelstein>: One thing, this is Chas. One thing I would add is that there were some questions about how 
the economy is affecting bad debt. And as Greg talks about availability of people I would say one way that the 
economy has been impacting us is that we do see that the marketplace for talent is more robust than it has been for a 
while. And that is driving some of our thinking as well, that we do see opportunities out there on the people front. 

<Q - Andrew Steinerman>: Okay, but it is also tied to the strong revenue and enrollment momentum that you have as 
well. I mean it sounds like of course there is more room to invest and you're taking the opportunity. 

<A - Charles Edelstein>: That is a part of it, yes, sir. 

<Q - Andrew Steinerman>: Okay, thank you so much. 

<A - Gregory Cappelli>: Absolutely, thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Fones [UBS]. Your line is open. 

<Q - Andrew Fones>: Yes, thank you. First if I could, I wanted to ask about your philosophy around start growth. 
Obviously in the history of the company you've seen very strong start growth over long periods of time. We've come 
off of a period of seeing less robust start growth and have seen now starts reaccelerate. What are your thoughts about 
the overall level of start growth that we've seen over the first half of this year, the sustainability of that, and whether or 
not you have capacity to be able to absorb perhaps even higher growth in starts in the future? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory Cappelli>: Andrew, it's Greg. Last quarter, we talked about certainly being aware of the fact that we hit 
a recent record for the growth rate in our starts or as we call them now, students that retain. And we talked about the 
fact that that would not – that level of growth would likely not last for the company. One of the reasons is because of 
the way we're managing the business and the investments we're making into other areas, not just marketing. 

So one of the things Joe mentioned is our level of marketing spend. And I guess our start growth or our new start 
growth came down a little bit this quarter, but we didn't spend as much either. And there is a variety of reasons for that: 
where we're positioning the marketing dollars, what we're seeing in the marketplace at any one time, our comfort level 
with growth, our ability to influence retention as we grow so rapidly. So we know what comfort zone that we're in, in 
terms of being able to control the quality of the starts and the retention of that, and that's a major factor in how we 
manage the business going forward. Absolutely, the investment in the student comes first and the quality of their 
experience at the university comes first. And that does get taken into consideration when you think about start growth 
as well. 

<A - Joseph D'Amico>: Andrew, I'd say the other thing that is relevant to that consideration is that we do see value in 
having more consistency in our growth rates, and it's just one of the factors that we think about. 


<Q - Andrew Fones>: Okay, thanks. So Greg, if I understand correctly, what you're saying is that you're mindful of 
the amount of selling and promotion expense or advertising expense in the period, and we obviously saw a deceleration 
there. 

<A - Gregory Cappelli>: Yes, there was a substantial deceleration. 

<Q - Andrew Fones>: Okay, thanks, and also I just wanted to clarify on margins. It sounded obviously as though 
you're going to be spending in several different areas and how I should think about instructional expense as a 
percentage of revenue over the balance of the year or as a growth rate relative to revenue if you like. Would you expect 
the investing you're going to make could cause the instructional expense to accelerate and grow a little bit faster than 
revenue over the second half of the year, or should it remain about in line or below? 

<A - Brian Swartz>: Hi, Andrew, it's Brian; first of all, a couple things. One, the instructional line and a lot of those 
costs – not all of them, but a portion of those costs are variable in nature, number one. And number two, we're not 
talking to individual line item guidance so to speak, so we talk generally about the margin in the first half and where we 
expect the margin on a relative basis to be in the second half, but we're not commenting any further than that. 

<Q - Andrew Fones>: Okay, the $8 million payment, can you just – can you tell us whether that arose as part of the 
DOE review or is it just part of your own internal review? 

<A - Brian Swartz>: Yes, Andrew, that was not part of the review. In fact, it was self-reported, meaning that we 
identified it and then we brought it to the DOE's attention and then provided them with data, documentation, and the 
payment. And they were obviously very pleased to see that we stepped up with the plate and did that. And I think it's 
consistent with the way we intend to deal with the department. 

<Q - Andrew Fones>: Okay, thanks, and then one final one. In terms of some of the student success metrics that you 
mentioned early in the call; that you've been somewhat of a pioneer in the space, and so you have a lot of data going 
back over a long period of time, can you talk about some of the trend and the history of those metrics, perhaps student 
satisfaction or completion rates, things like that that you have over time and how those have trended? If you could, that 
would be great, thanks. 

<A - Charles Edelstein>: Andrew, it's Chas. I think that the focus on those quality metrics are really on student 
outcomes. And those are things like completion rate and what we're seeing in student satisfaction surveys and some 
third-party data where ETS is helping us audit and measure the delta or the change in cognitive learning functions for 
our students. So the first public disclosure we've made of that where it has been audited by third parties in a more 
formal way is the Annual Academic Report, and we do expect to publish again this fall the second one. So you'll be 
seeing more trend data at that time. But we haven't, this past year was the first year we actually published that data. So I 
think the most – the best comparisons you can do at this point is with national data which is available in there as well. 

<A - Joseph D'Amico>: Just one another comment on success factors, I think you just have to look at that in terms of 
retention. And we've seen steady improvement in retention over the last several quarters. So I think that's another way 
to think about are we succeeding as we look at the student experience. 

<Q - Allyson Pooley>: Andrew, we need to move on, so if we can move to the next person please, Operator. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Kevin Doherty [Banc of America Securities]. Your line is open. 

<Q - Kevin Doherty>: Great, thanks guys. I know you've talked a bit about you have a renewed marketing focus on 
the local level and some improvements in your Bachelor programs. Could you just talk about the capacity there, the 
on-ground campuses? And you mentioned a number of investments. I'm just curious if there are any real estate needs to 
increase that capacity going forward? 


<A - Joseph D'Amico>: There are no substantial needs from a real estate perspective that I can think of. 
<A - Gregory Cappelli>: We are building out our super resource centers. 
<A - Joseph D'Amico>: A lot of those are being done in existing locations, so there could be some leases that we'll 


enter into for the resource centers. But other than that, there isn't any large – there are no large expansion plans. 
<A - Gregory Cappelli>: Outside of ordinary growth, there is nothing there that's planned today, Kevin. 
<Q - Kevin Doherty>: And could you just give us a sense then on just the mix of the online versus the on-ground 


enrollment in terms of your Bachelor programs and in Masters? 
<A - Joseph D'Amico>: No, that's information we don't disclose. 
<Q - Kevin Doherty>: Okay, and then maybe if I could just get one last question in terms of your decision to move to 


the direct lending program. You recently renegotiated some of your vendor contracts. Could you just talk about any 
changes that might have in terms of some of those financial aid processing relationships? 
<A - Joseph D'Amico>: I don't think that there will be any changes there because of direct lending. 


<A - Gregory Cappelli>: We extended the relationship last year and there is nothing changing as a result of that. 
<Q - Kevin Doherty>: So the same vendors would be in place whether it's FFELP or direct and no material differences 
in the cost to process one versus another? 


<A - Gregory Cappelli>: No, our vendors are very important to us strategically. We intend to use them under the 
terms of the current contract to help us implement direct lending and other required lending sources. 
<Q - Kevin Doherty>: Okay, thanks guys. 
<A - Charles Edelstein>: Thank you, Kevin. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from Trace Urdan [Signal Hill Group]. Your line is open. 

<Q - Trace Urdan>: Thanks, just picking up on the lease point, it seems like this is a pretty good time if you're in a 
position of renegotiating a lease. I'm wondering how much real estate you have to be renegotiated over the next 12 to 
24 months. 

<A - Joseph D'Amico>: That's a great question, Trace. We have – as a matter of fact as one of our initiatives been 
looking at all leases that go out at least two years and we have been renegotiating many of those. Our intent is to take 
advantage of the market today, with a prime lessor like us. 

<Q - Trace Urdan>: Okay, so it's part of your ongoing cost savings efforts? 

<A - Joseph D'Amico>: Yes, absolutely. 

<Q - Trace Urdan>: I can't believe that we're this late in the call and no one has asked this, but I feel obliged. Can you 
comment on what you're seeing in terms of corporate tuition reimbursement programs and whether you've seen any 
kind of impact in terms of layoffs of your enrolled students in your population or their ability to pay? 

<A - Joseph D'Amico>: On the front of corporate reimbursement, we're seeing I think what has been generally 
reported by some of the analysts and some of the research they've done. And we're not seeing any significant cutbacks 
in corporate reimbursement from our perspective, and what was the second part of your question? 

<Q - Trace Urdan>: Whether layoffs have been something that affected your students' ability to attend? 


<A - Joseph D'Amico>: I don't have any specific knowledge of that. I've got to believe that there is some of that 
happening every day here, but it's not anything that has at least at this point popped up as an issue that we're concerned 
with. 

<Q - Trace Urdan>: Okay, and then last question. You added – I'm going to mispronounce his name, but Stephen 
Giusto from Korn/Ferry to your Board. 

<A - Charles Edelstein>: Right. 

<Q - Trace Urdan>: Does that signify maybe an increased amount of attention on your part to the issue of placement 
or are you starting to think more actively about that and your role in placement for your students? 

<A - Charles Edelstein>: No, not really; our thought there was more – or what intrigued there was his extensive 
financial experience and background, and that's what we were focused on more so than the industry that he was 
engaged in. 

<A - Gregory Cappelli>: And the global experience that he's got. 

<A - Charles Edelstein>: Absolutely. 

<Q - Trace Urdan>: Very good, thank you. 

<A - Gregory Cappelli>: Thanks, Trace. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Jeff Silber [BMO Capital Markets]. Your line is open. 

<Q - Jeff Silber>: Thanks so much. I know it's late, I'll be quick. Just going back to the payment to the Department of 
Education, you mentioned that some of that had occurred in the prior quarter. Can you tell us roughly how much that 
was and are there any future payments along those lines? 

<A - Brian Swartz>: Jeff, it's Brian. The payment occurred this quarter. What we were referring to is that some of it 
was expensed in the current quarter and some of it was expensed in prior quarters when we knew about it. But it was 
paid this quarter; it was $8.4 million. And as far as we believe, it's a resolved matter, but the department can certainly 
come back to us and we can talk about it. 

<Q - Jeff Silber>: I'm sorry, I misspoke. How much was expensed this quarter versus last quarter? 

<A - Brian Swartz>: About half of it was expensed in the first half of the year, in the first two quarters of fiscal '09. 
What we did say is it's all classified in general and administrative. And if you look at G&A as a percentage of revenue 
excluding the accrual related to the SAP matter, G&A as a percentage of revenue would have been down slightly from 
the prior year. 

<Q - Jeff Silber>: Okay, great. Any update on the qui tam lawsuit? I know there has been a lot of noise in the 
marketplace, but from your perspective, if you can just give us an update on that. 

<A - Joseph D'Amico>: Not really; we really don't comment on active litigation. 

<Q - Jeff Silber>: But can you remind us when that's expected to come to trial? 

<A - Joseph D'Amico>: March of 2010. 

<Q - Jeff Silber>: March of 2010, great, and then just one final one. Greg, in your comments, you mentioned WIU. I 
know you guys don't talk about that much, and again I don't want you to disclose anything you're not planning on just 
yet. But just roughly along those lines, what's the competitive advantage of WIU right now? What do you think you'll 
be doing with this in the future? 


<A - Gregory Cappelli>: WIU has an excellent foundation in place right now with some very good people. There just 
haven't been any investment dollars put into it in the past. And we're starting to do that now, as I mentioned in my 
previous remarks. They have capabilities. They can take people with I-20 visas and obviously a global flair to the 
brand. So we're looking to enhance everything about it, bringing in additional talent along with the supporting cast 
that's there now that we are excited about, and think that there is really a tremendous opportunity for WIU going 
forward. 

<Q - Jeff Silber>: Okay, great. Thanks so much. 

<A - Gregory Cappelli>: Sure. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Jerry Herman [Stifel Nicolaus]. Your line is open. 

<Q - Jerry Herman>: I am just going to ask one. Question about growth guys, the metrics have been really strong the 
last handful of quarters. And I know in previous times, you've talked about your targeted enrollment growth being in 
the high single digits. Is that still the target, and how do you think about managing the growth in the business relative to 
those targets? I guess by definition, that means things are going to slow down. I guess how do you think about that, or 
are you thinking about maybe those targets being too conservative? 

<A - Gregory Cappelli>: It wasn't enrollment. We said, remember we said long term, so when you look out over five 
years, high single digit organic domestic growth, low double digit profit growth. And perhaps those are too 
conservative now at this time with what we're seeing. At the time that we made that statement, obviously the world was 
a little bit different, and we've been really pleased with the initiatives that have been put in place and what they're 
driving. I don't think we've updated that to this point because again, we're talking about that as a domestic organic 
long-term goal. 

<A - Charles Edelstein>: Internally. 

<A - Gregory Cappelli>: Of revenues and as I said before, the profit number. So, that's a little bit of the color around 
that. 

<Q - Jerry Herman>: Great, thanks guys. 

<A - Gregory Cappelli>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Amy Junker [Robert W. Baird]. Your line is open. 

<Q - Amy Junker>: Hi, thanks. I just had a quick one. Just going back to the revenue per student, I want to make sure 
I understand. Given the 10% increase in tuition at Axia, we were surprised to see that revenue per student in that 
segment was only up 5%. It looks like discounts as a whole were down both sequentially and year over year. So I guess 
what's offsetting that tuition and should we expect that to stay at that level, particularly for Axia going forward? 

<A - Brian Swartz>: Amy, it's Brian. The tuition price increase we announced was 10% at the Associate level. What 
happens is, is we also changed our refund policy as you know in March of last year, so we're just lapping that now. As 
a result of that, the way the refunds are recorded, it's actually against revenue directly. It doesn't show up as a discount. 
That's why discounts as a percentage of gross revenues are actually down year over year. So the 5.3% which is the 
growth in the revenue per student year over year is net of those refunds. So hopefully that answers your question in 
terms of why it's less than the price increase we announced last July. 

<Q - Amy Junker>: So it sounds like it's just an accounting issue, and shifting from where it... 


<A - Brian Swartz>: Yes and the impact of our refund policy that we changed in March of last year. 

<Q - Amy Junker>: Great, that's all I had. Thanks. 

<A - Joseph D'Amico>: Yes, and Kelly, I would just – I would say it's – oh, Amy, sorry. Amy, I would say that that is 
not a result of retention coming down, as we said, retention continues to trend in the right direction. 

<Q - Amy Junker>: Great, thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Brandon Dobell [William Blair & Company]. Your line is open. 

<Q - Brandon Dobell>: Hi guys, thanks. In relation to the spending in the technology platform, I'm assuming there 
was some IRR analysis or return analysis behind that thought process. I'm wondering if you could give us some color 
on what kinds of -- not numerical returns, but where should we see the returns, should it be in improvement in let's call 
it class size productivity or faculty productivity or EC productivity? I'm just trying to get a feel for what the qualitative 
return commentary might be relative to your analysis of why it makes sense to spend that money. 

<A - Gregory Cappelli>: First off, happy 40th birthday, Brandon. You're getting old. 

<Q - Brandon Dobell>: Thank you. 

<A - Gregory Cappelli>: And second of all, it's really, really the way you phrase that question, it's all the above. I 
mean you should see – because the technology affects all parts of the business, right, it affects the student, it affects 
everybody on our end, the employees and how we deal with our students. It affects the marketing. So to us, data is 
power and knowledge, and we want more of it, we want it faster. We want to be able to put analytics around the 
tremendous gold mine of data that we have at the University of Phoenix. As just one example, think of the number of 
students we've had online studying for years and years and years. And every one of those students, we have the ability 
to see how they learn, what worked, what didn't, how they interacted with each other. And if we put analytics around 
that and we learn from it, we can get better and better and better. That's one example, we're ready to tap into that. 

<Q - Brandon Dobell>: So it doesn't sound like this is a – it's not a CRM or an ERP. It's just more building out the 
internal systems to capture the learning data, the outcome data maybe, and to learn better from it, but it's not going to 
be some major technology shift in terms of how you're going to run your internal systems for example? 

<A - Gregory Cappelli>: We've got – we are obviously, we have capabilities there already. I think some of the larger 
expenses in that area come into play when you think about the technology platform, the LMS, because there is a lot that 
goes into that. You want to build it the right way. It takes time; it takes very talented people, and we're doing things 
globally now. So obviously, we feel like we're ready to make that investment. 

<Q - Brandon Dobell>: Okay, thanks a lot guys. 

<A - Gregory Cappelli>: Absolutely. 

<A - Joseph D'Amico>: Thanks, Brandon. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Corey Greendale [First Analysis Securities]. Your line is open. 

<Q - Corey Greendale>: Hi, good afternoon. 

<A - Charles Edelstein>: Hi Corey. 


<Q - Corey Greendale>: Also a question on the investments, but kind of a different angle. Looking at the Q that you 
just put out, there is a comment about the effect of the economic downturn, how that is probably helping enrollment 
growth. And just saying that you are aware of the fact that there is this potential challenge of not building overcapacity 
and the economy starts to go in the other direction, so you don't end up with overcapacity. How are you including that 
in your thought process around these investments, and how are you making sure that that doesn't end up happening? 

<A - Charles Edelstein>: I think the way we look at that is to have platforms and other systems that are expandable 
and not limited by the way we develop the code or the way we construct the architecture of the system. So kind of like 
modular; you add another server; you add another server; you add another server, just build on to the existing 
architecture. But in part that is one of the things Joe was referring to when he talked about, we don't see a major step 
cost. These are modular and incremental costs. 

<Q - Corey Greendale>: Okay. So the comment about the potential for excess capacity, that doesn't mean that you 
think that when you start to anniversary some of these tougher comps that you could actually see a negative start or a 
negative enrollment number? 

<A - Joseph D'Amico>: No. 

<A - Charles Edelstein>: We haven't made any such forecast. 

<A>: I don't believe so. 

<Q - Corey Greendale>: Okay. I will turn it over. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Scott Schneeberger [Oppenheimer]. Your line is open. 

<Q>: Hi, this is Jim Giannakouros for Scott. Just another question on the enrollment advisors, you've been very clear 
that you're going to continue investing in enrollment advisors. However, for the first time in quite some time quarter 
over quarter, your spend was flat. I was just curious what – I'm interpreting that that's a temporary pause, but what 
exactly drove that this quarter? 

<A - Brian Swartz>: Scott (sic) [ph, Jim], it's Brian. There was some growth, modest growth in the enrollment 
counselor numbers and compensation. In the first quarter, we had a couple of one-time items related to some internal 
changes in policies that were recorded during that quarter. Even though it shows flat quarter to quarter, there was some 
modest growth there. 

<Q>: Okay. And I guess another question on the – you continue to build cash, and obviously you have plenty to invest 
in your current growth, but what exactly would trigger you incorporating share repurchase into your spend? 

<A - Gregory Cappelli>: Scott (sic) [ph, Jim], it is incorporated into our thinking every quarter. We obviously have to 
deal with blackout periods and whatnot. And we run our own intrinsic value models that we keep very current. And 
there is a priority structure for capital, and we have to look at that, what's going on globally, domestically. We take the 
capital markets into consideration. We're going through some extraordinary times here in the US. So how easy would it 
be to tap the capital markets if we needed to, so we take all that into consideration. It's definitely something we look at. 
We will continue to consider them going forward to take advantage of share repurchases when we think it's right. So 
you may see them going forward. 

<Q>: Okay, thank you. 

<A - Gregory Cappelli>: Thank you. 

Operator 


We are out of time for questions today. I'd like to turn the call back to Chas Edelstein for closing comments. 

Charles B. Edelstein, Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, operator, and thank you all very much for joining us today. We appreciate your interest and support and 
look forward to speaking with you going forward. Take care. 

Operator 

This concludes your conference call for today. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


