Q3 2007 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Dr. John G. Sperling, Acting Executive Chairman of the Board 
• Joe D'Amico, Chief Financial Officer 
• Gregory Cappelli, Executive Vice President, Global Strategy, and Assistant to the Chairman 
• Brian Mueller, President 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Apollo Group Incorporated Third Quarter Fiscal 2007 Earnings 
Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer 
session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. This conference is schedule for one hour and is 
being recorded June 27th, 2007 and may not be reproduced in whole or in part without permission from the company. 
There will be a replay of this call available through July 6, 2007 beginning approximately two hours after we conclude 
today. The replay number is 800-642-1687 or 706-645-9291 internationally. The conference ID for the replay is 
4135730. 

Additionally, this call will be broadcast over the Internet and can be accessed via the company's website at 
www.apollogrp.edu. I'd also like to remind you that this conference call may contain forward-looking statements with 
respect to the future performance of Apollo Group that involve risks and uncertainties. Various factors could cause the 
actual results of the company to be materially different from any future results expressed or implied by such 
forward-looking statements. These factors are discussed in the company's 10-K report filed with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission. The company does not undertake any obligation to update anyone with regard to 
forward-looking statements made during this conference call. 

I would now like to turn the call over to Dr. John Sperling, Acting Executive Chairman of Apollo Group. Dr. Sperling, 
go ahead please. 

Dr. John G. Sperling, Acting Executive Chairman of the Board 

Good afternoon and thanks for joining us today for our fiscal third quarter results. We are very pleased with the 
financial and strategic progress we've made and we will discuss in more detail in a few minutes. 

We structured today's call in four parts. First, Joe D'Amico will review the highlights and third quarter financials; 
second, Greg Cappelli will discuss our perspectives regarding the company's capital structure and use of cash; and 
third, Brian Mueller will provide some color on our third quarter results and long-term strategy; and finally, we will 
open the call for your questions. 

Before we begin, I'd like to welcome Joe D'Amico to the Apollo team. As you know, Joe was appointed CFO in 
December of 2006 and served in that role as an FTI consultant until just recently. On June 16th, Joe became an 
employee of Apollo and we could not be more pleased that he has agreed to continue with us in full employment 
capacity. Joe's financial expertise and leadership skills have proven invaluable over the past several months and we 
look forward to his continued contribution. 

I'd also like to welcome our two newest board members Mr. Greg Cappelli and Dr. Roy Herberger, Jr. As you know, 
Greg joined us in April as Executive Vice President for Global Strategies and Assistant to the Chairman. With his 


finance and capital markets background 13 years as a leading analyst in the industry, Greg has already been a 
tremendous addition to our executive team and we are looking forward to his counsel at the board level as well. Roy is 
currently President Emeritus of Thunderbird, School of Global Management and brings over 30 years of education 
experience to the board. We are very pleased that he is going to be there as – helping us. 

And with that, Joe it's yours. 

Joe D'Amico, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, John. I'm very pleased to continue on as an integral part of the management team and couldn't be more 
excited. Apollo is a dynamic company and I'm very proud of the team we built in the finance area including Brian 
Swartz, our Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Accounting Officer who has also agreed to stay on as an 
employee. We both are looking forward to build on the progress we have made to date and what I would like to do now 
is turn over, is begin to discuss the fiscal 2007 third quarter financials in more detail. 

Total consolidated revenues for Apollo Group for the third quarter of 2007 were 733 million or a 12.2% increase over 
the third quarter of 2006. This increase was driven in part by a 12.2% year-over-year increase in degreed enrollments, 
selective tuition increases depending on geographic area and program, and an across the board 10% tuition increase in 
our associate's degree program effective May of 2007, partially offset by the continuing shift in enrollment mix to our 
lower priced associate's degrees programs. The 12.2 year-over-year increase, 12.2% year-over-year increase in degreed 
enrollments breaks down as follows. 

A 55% increase in associate's, a 2.6% decline in bachelor's, a 2.6% in master's and a 25.6% increase in doctorates. 
Associate's degree seekers at the end of our third quarter now account for 31.7% of enrollments, as compared to 22.9% 
in the same quarter last year. Our new starts which Brian will discuss in more detail increased 21.2%. Turning to 
expenses, overall expenses for the third quarter of 2007 increased approximately 17% which resulted in an operating 
margin of 27.7% compared to an operating margin of 30.8% in the third quarter a year ago. This reflects a sharp 
improvement from our second quarter operating margin of 15.1%. 

Excluding share-based compensation expense and special items of 16.5 million and 6.8 million in the third quarter of 
2007 and 2006 respectively, our adjusted operating margin was 30% up from 19.6% in the second quarter of 2007 and 
versus 31.8% in the prior year. Net income for the third quarter was a 131 million or $0.75 per diluted share as 
compared to net income of 131 million or $0.75 per diluted share a year ago. Excluding share-based compensation and 
special items, we earned $0.81 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2007 as compared to $0.78 in the prior year. 

Turning to the balance sheet and our cash flow, as of May 31, 2007 our cash and marketable securities excluding 
restricted cash increased to 690 million, as compared to $409 million at August 31, 2006. This increase was driven 
primarily by cash flow from operations of 406 million for the nine months of the year, partially offset by $70 million of 
capital expenditures. 

We want to remind you that $32 million of these capital expenditures are one-time in nature and represent the build out 
of our new corporate headquarters building in Phoenix, Arizona. As you know, we have entered into a sale and 
leaseback transaction to monetize our investment in this new building when it is completed in mid-2008. At that time, 
we expect to exercise a sale and leaseback and will receive approximately 170 million in proceeds. We expect our 
ongoing lease expense to increase slightly on an annual basis which will be partially offset by increases in interest 
income on the cash we will receive from the sale. 

Gross tuition receivables were 262 million at May 31, 2007, compared to 214 million at August 31, 2006, and net 
receivables were 180 million at May 31, 2007 compared to 161 million at August 31, 2006. 

Our allowance for doubtful accounts increased to 92 million at May 31, 2007 from 65 million at August 31, 2006. We 
continue to believe our allowance for doubtful accounts is adequate, and to put this in perspective, our allowance 
covers all receivables greater than 90 days. We will continue to monitor and adjust our reserve estimates based upon 
our write-off experience and aging of our accounts receivables. 


Our DSO decreased from 37 days last quarter to 36 days as of May 31, 2007, yet up from the 32 days at August 31, 
2006. Just a note, last quarter on the conference call, I indicated that our DSOs were 40 days versus the actual 37 days, 
I just mentioned. The difference was due to a calculation error, and the 37 days is correct. 

During the third quarter, bad debt expense as a percent of revenue trended higher as we expected. Bad debt expense as 
a percent of revenue was 4.7% this quarter versus 3.7% a quarter ago, or a year ago. As we discussed last quarter, we 
believe most of the increase in our DSO relates, and bad debt expense is due to a structural shift in our student mix such 
that a larger percent of our students are in our associate's degree program. When you have a fairly open enrollment 
policy as we do in this program, some students will find the rigor of college combined with work and family 
obligations difficult to manage. If they drop, collections are more difficult. This is a cost of our business, and we don't 
have all the data yet to determine where it will level off. We believe, however, particularly based on our operating 
performance in the third quarter, that marginal revenue for associate's students exceeds the marginal cost, despite the 
relatively higher bad debts. Further, the real key to addressing our bad debt level is improving associate student 
retention, since Title IV funding covers the cost of this program. This is obviously one of our major focuses which 
benefits our students as well as our business equally. 

Deferred tuition revenue increased 10% to 150 million and student deposits increased 17% to $297 million between 
August 31, 2006 and May 31, 2007. Deferred tuition revenue increased primarily due to growth in revenues and 
enrollment, and student deposits increased primarily due to higher revenues and the timing of student financial aid 
disbursements, which are reflected as an increase in restricted cash as well. 

I want to spend a few minutes updating you on stock option matters, and stock based compensation. First, I'll discuss 
our tender offer to employees, and second, our stock option grant. On June 13th, of this year, we commenced a tender 
offer to current employees, who are not executive officers to amend or replace certain incorrectly priced outstanding 
stock options stemming from our stock option investigation. The tender offer is scheduled to close at midnight on July 
12th, and the options will be repriced. 

As part of the tender offer, we will make a cash payment to our employees, who participate to compensate them for any 
increase in the exercise price of their tendered options. At our current stock price, the pay out is estimated to be 
approximately $250,000. If the stock price is in the mid 60s, when the tender offer expires, the payout to employees 
would be approximately $2 million. Importantly, the pay out should not have a significant impact on our liquidity and 
over time, it should be cash neutral to the extent the employees exercise their newly priced options. 

On June 27, 2007 that would be Wednesday that compensation committee of the Board approved a grant for 
approximately 4.1 million options and approximately 300,000 restricted stock units or RSUs to executive management, 
employees, faculty, and the board. The stock option grant will be priced at the close of business on Tuesday July 3. The 
size of this grant is higher than we expect on a recurring basis, since it includes grants for new hires and certain other 
grants for multi-year. We project that our stock-based compensation expense for the fourth quarter will be 
approximately $12 million and for 2008 will be approximately $50 million assuming a $50 strike price for this most 
recent grant. 

Finally, I am pleased to tell you that as expected we received notice from the NASDAQ that we are fully compliant 
with their filing requirements. With that I would like to turn the call over to Greg. 

Gregory Cappelli, Executive Vice President, Global Strategy, and Assistant to 
the Chairman 

Thanks Joe. I just want to very briefly update you on our strategy to address the company's capital structure and our 
desire to best deploy capital towards our objective of creating a long-term for our shareholders. As we discussed on the 
last call, we have refined our strategic plan part of which was to employ disciplined approach to our capital structure 
and the deployment of our excess cash flow. As a quick reminder, our strategy includes the following. First, we will 
continue to invest in our high return core domestic business as we continue to believe the market is large and growing. 


Second, we continue to actively explore value creating global expansion opportunities both organic and through 
acquisitions, potential acquisitions. Finally, we continuously reevaluate our most efficient capital structure and best 
uses of cash and future cash flows. 

To do this, we have determined certain criteria that will consistently be utilized to evaluate all proposed uses of capital. 
Additionally we have significantly enhanced our long-term financial model and have also employed a proprietary cash 
flow based evaluation tool which allows us to assess both financial returns as well as cultural risks for proposed future 
uses of capital both of which obviously go into our decision-making process. As I said we want to optimize our capital 
structure and this includes considering debt, as well as equity to meet our goals. 

We have also evaluated stock repurchases and we are happy to be able to announce the increase in our share repurchase 
program. We have authorization to repurchase up to $500 million of our Class-A stock which we may at any time seek 
to increase this authorization program depending upon our view of the intrinsic value of our company at that time. 

The evaluation is an ongoing process and I think we have implemented some incremental discipline and have created 
the necessary tools to make sure we stay focused on achieving our goal of providing shareholders with long-term value. 

And with that I would like to the call over to Brian Mueller. 

Brian Mueller, President 

Thanks Greg. As we indicated last quarter, we have set three long-term strategic objectives, which include: one, 
generating mid to high single digit annual domestic revenue growth; two, low double digit annual operating income and 
free cash flow; and three, we expect to produce enrollment growth in the high single digits. However, we also stated 
that we though both enrollment and revenue growth could be higher in the near term due to the many investments we 
have made over the last couple of years. I am very pleased to be able to say that in the third quarter we reported double 
digit year-over-year growth in both revenue and enrollment. 

Before I get into any detail, it think it's prudent to remind everyone that historically our third quarter is our strongest 
and can't be viewed on its own as indicative of a trend, but I am encouraged with our strategy and especially with the 
execution of our ground in online management and staff. 

In order to achieve our three goals of driving enrollment, increasing revenues and expanding our operating margins, we 
are focused on four strategic initiatives. 

First, we continue to work on making improvements in curriculum, instructional strategies, our online learning system 
and support services in order to drive increased student success and retention. 

Secondly, we continue to build a sizable pool of associate students, as well as accept transfer students from other 
institutions in addition to our master's and doctoral students. Thirdly, we expect to continue to make progress in our 
marketing and lead generating initiatives. And fourth we will continue to work diligently on potential domestic and 
international acquisitions. 

Let me now update you on each of those goals and the strategic initiatives in more detail. Regarding enrollment, we are 
pleased by our third quarter enrollment numbers, which grew by 12.2% over the third quarter of the prior year to just 
over 311,000 students. As expected we are currently exceeding our long-term goal. 

As Joe indicated earlier associate's student enrollment increased 55% year-over-year and importantly that the decline in 
new bachelor's students continues to slow declined by 2.6% year-over-year versus the 4.3% decline we experienced last 
quarter. New starts of 62,400 were up 21.2% over the prior year. 

Lead quality continues to improve enrollment counselor productivity on an average monthly basis is moving up 
slightly. Show rates are continuing to go up with ground counselors selling online and retention rates are stable with 
doctoral, master's and bachelor's students and improving with associate's students. 


As per revenue, we grew at 12.2% over third quarter of prior year to $733 million and for the first nine months we are 
over the $2 billion mark. We are very pleased with this number and the positive trend. Importantly revenue growth has 
caught up with enrollment growth after lagging behind for the past three quarters. The 12.2% growth was assisted by 
tuition increases part of which came from the 10% increase in our associate's program which began May 7th. Also 
driving the revenue improvement were increases in the transfer of associate's students into baccalaureate programs at a 
higher tuition rate. A slow down in the decline in bachelor's students and an increase in master's students, all four of the 
factors just mentioned indicating improvement in the mix shift of the student body which is what we expected would 
eventually take place. 

Turning to the operating margin, excluding share based compensation and unusual items; we generated a 30% margin 
in the third quarter slightly less than the 31.8% margin in the third quarter of the prior year. Over the last 18 months we 
invested in internet advertising, a branding campaign, an increase in enrollment counselors and support staff, product 
development and development of our online learning capabilities. Even though these investments suppressed margins 
in the short run, they prove to be the right initiatives for the business in the long-run. We are pleased with our operating 
performance in the third quarter. 

Several factors led to the success. Selling and promotional expenses as a percent of revenue were 22.2%, slightly above 
the 21.1% in the third quarter of the prior year, but significantly improved over the prior three quarters. Effectiveness in 
both advertising and enrollment counselor productivity has improved. Instructional costs and services were 43.8% of 
revenues which is only a 40 basis point increase versus the 43.4% in the prior year. It's definitely an improvement over 
the last couple of quarters. Bad debt expense is an area of concern, as Joe mentioned a major factor in continuing bad 
debt expense is continuing to improve retention. We continue to work on several projects devoted to retention 
effectiveness. 

General and administrative expenses were up 1.6 percentage points to 6.3% of revenue. However, excluding unusual 
charges in the third quarter of 2007 related to the stock option investigation and restatement of approximately $8 
million. G&A as a percent of sales would have been about flat with the third quarter of 2006. 

With regard to the strategic initiatives that led to the above results, the research related to increasing students' success 
and retention rates, we currently have 18 pilot projects going on related to the use of faculty, tutorial services, 
curriculum adjustments, online learning experimentation, and testing. All are designed to help us understand more 
about what contributes to the success of students across all levels that we teach. Second, we are very pleased with the 
growing traction in our associate's program, which results in a growing pool of potential transfer students. We continue 
to believe that the more success we have, the more we can reduce our overall student acquisition cost. Third, we 
continue to gain leverage in Internet advertising world as we work only with the most effective vendors. Our branding 
campaign is increasing the awareness levels, and we believe improving the perception of the University of Phoenix 
nationwide. Furthermore, we believe that we are in the cutting edge of delivering education in innovative ways that best 
meets the needs of our students. 

Finally, acquisitions continue to be an important part of our future, and we continue to explore possibilities both 
domestically and internationally. We look forward to updating you on continued progress in future calls as well as our 
upcoming shareholder meeting which is scheduled for August 16, 2007 at our corporate headquarters in Phoenix. 
Shareholders of record on June 11 will be receiving notice of the meeting by mail. With that, I will turn the call over to 
the operator and we'll take your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Sara Gubins [Merrill Lynch]. 

<Q - Sara Gubins>: Hi thank you, good afternoon. 


<A - Brian Mueller>: Hi Sara. 

<Q - Sara Gubins>: A question about the starts and they were very strong so I hate to start on a slightly negative 
question but I was surprised to see the bachelor's starts down and I am just wondering if there was anything in 
particular going on there and then the master's starts growth was impressive particularly versus the first half of the year 
and again I am wondering if there are new programs or something that's driving that? 

<A - Brian Mueller>: Let me answer the first one first. You have to remember that we went through a major initiative 
the last year and that we trained all of our ground-based counselors to enroll students in the online programs. The way 
that works is that any student that wants to go into Axia that has fewer than 42 credits, we have put them first in 
associate's program. In recruiting those students in the past last year, a ground-based counselor would have put them in 
a UOP program and it would have indicated a baccalaureate program. And so you have to think about the total of 
associate's plus bachelor's degrees enrollment to understand the increase at the bachelor's level. 

<Q - Sara Gubins>: Okay so there wasn't anything unusual there? 

<A - Brian Mueller>: No, there is nothing unusual. We just have students with higher numbers of credits that would 
have been put in our University of Phoenix baccalaureate programs in the past more of them are being put into the 
associate's program to start with. 

<Q - Sara Gubins>: Okay, and then on the master's side? 

<A - Brian Mueller>: Yes, a big, a big thing is going on there is that we trained again all the ground-based counselors 
to put students online. A lot of our -- some of our master's programs are not being, we can't deliver them in-state on a 
ground basis. But some -- some of those counselors now can put students in our online program at the master's degree 
level. And the two areas that are growing are education and nursing and that accounts for some of that increase in more 
students being in master's programs. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Suzanne Stein [Morgan Stanley]. 

<Q - Suzanne Stein>: Hi, thank you. Can you give us an update on Insight and just talk maybe about how important 
you think that business will be going forward, and any -- any plans with international acquisitions, just how you are 
thinking about that on an ongoing basis? 

<A - Brian Mueller>: I'll start with Insight. We'll, the, we're excited about Insight Schools. We think we have a really 
good management team. We have a good platform. There is a lot of experience there. We started with in Washington. 
We've been approved in Wisconsin, and a couple of weeks ago, we had a really, really encouraging event in that we 
were approved -- we were approved in the Los Angeles School District. And the way that works is any school district 
that touches Los Angeles County also is included then in the area that we can recruit students from. And so, we're in 
three important states, and there are 23 states currently that have legislation that approved charter schools. We'll 
continue to work to get into additional states. 

We'll kind of methodically enroll students. The retention rates in the first semester of our operation in Washington were 
a little bit less than expected, but we recovered really nicely in the second semester and the retention rates were above 
the 80% mark, which is very, very encouraging. So, how big a part of what we eventually do, it will become, we are 
not sure, but we are encouraged by the fact that we know parents are looking for alternatives to secondary school 
education to the public school. And with our expertise in online learning, we think we could offer a very strong 
program. There is a number of things going on internationally from the standpoint of a potential acquisition. Greg, do 
you want to update them on anything? 

<A - Gregory Cappelli>: There is nothing in particular to update you on except to say that we are looking at pursuing 
and evaluating a number of things in a number of different geographies we talked about last quarter, China, parts of 
Asia, Latin America and India, where we have dedicated teams to evaluate the landscape, both organically and 


potentially through acquisitions. And I will add again that anything we do is going to have to make sense strategically 
and financially, as well as from a valuation perspective. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from Paul Beland [Citigroup Investment Research]. 

<Q - Paul Beland>: Hey guys, great quarter. 

<A - Brian Mueller>: Thank you. 

<Q - Paul Beland>: Question for you on marketing and promotional. Obviously, a nice shift in the quarter, do you see 
it as sustainable for the next few quarters? And also with respect to advertising expense, should we expect that to be 
somewhat volatile near term? 

<A - Brian Mueller>: We are -- it will become more stable than it's been. Fourth quarter typically is not as good a 
quarter from a revenue perspective as third quarter is, and so, our advertising and sales expense will remain fairly 
constant if the revenue is not quite as high. The percent of revenue that we spend might be a little bit higher, but we are 
encouraged by the progress that we are making and over time we believe that it can be at historical levels or may below 
– or maybe below. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Gary Bisbee [Lehman Brothers]. 

<Q - Gary Bisbee>: Hi guys, my congratulations on a much better than expected quarter. 

<A - Brian Mueller>: Thank you. 

<Q - Gary Bisbee>: I guess I will harp on that same point on the selling and promotional. It – we were surprised as 
well that the absolute dollars were down sequentially, particularly given that you had three months of the TV campaign 
as opposed to two last quarter, and from data we saw it seems like you spent more on the internet. Was there any major 
shift or anything that you cut back on within the advertising line, and then just in general within selling and 
promotional? And how do we think about this quarter as cost level of the baseline looking forward over the next couple 
of quarters? 

<A - Brian Mueller>: Well, we've been working hard on this and we've talked a lot about it in the last 18 to 24 months 
and we are making a significant amount of improvement in progress. We've got a lot of leverage in the marketplace. 
We've got some very smart people working on it. And so it's something that's really important. It's – and the fact that 
we were able to – if we would – I guess let me answer it this way, if we'd have cut back in significant areas, there is no 
way we would have recruited 62,400 students. And so our cutback as a percent of revenue was obviously not done at 
the expense of productivity. 

We are going to watch very carefully what goes on in the fourth quarter. As we move through the rest of June and into 
July, we will watch the lead flow, we will watch the hot transfer flow. Last two weeks of July, first two weeks in 
August are absolutely the time when you get the greatest return from an advertising expenditure perspective. Right now 
our budget is expected that we'll spend about the same amount of money, but if we see an opportunity and we see the 
returns are significant, we could potentially bump that up a little bit if we are getting the conversion rates that we want. 
And so, right now, the budget is pretty much as it was in the third quarter, slight increase, but it's something that might 
go up. 

Operator 


Your next question comes from Bob Craig [Stifel Nicolaus]. 

<Q - Robert Craig>: Good afternoon everybody. Brian we have seen a lot of data here on cost per start, it's been in the 
23 to $2,700 range, looking at it on a quarterly basis. Where do you think that eventually will go? What is – do you 
have any long-term goals there? 

<A - Brian Mueller>: We would – you attack it methodically and kind of one month at a time. Would we like to get 
below $2,000 and keep improving? Absolutely. We hired 600 enrollment counselors, those people maybe are at, fourth 
quarter of last year, they may be at two-thirds of their overall productivity. When they get to be fully productive and as 
we continue to make advertising improvements, could we get it to $2,000 or less? That is very definitely a goal of ours. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Kelly Flynn [UBS]. 

<Q - Kelly Flynn>: Hi, thanks. I have two quick ones, hoping you will bear with me. First of all, just on the 
repurchase, can you confirm that what you had authorized previously, was it all tapped out or not? And then also on the 
revenue per average enrollment, can you provide a little more color on what you are expecting there as far as 
year-over-year growth for Q4 and why? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory Cappelli>: Kelly, this is Greg. Just on the share repurchase, it was somewhere around, it was around 
137, 138 million that was there before so we bumped it up to 500 and then Brian, do you want to take the second part 
of it? 

<A - Brian Mueller>: Yeah, I really can't give -- if I was to talk about fourth quarter we would be giving guidance and 
we are not -- we are not going to do that, or we are not doing that at the current time. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Jack Scherk. 

<Q>: Thank you very much. I was just curious about the 10% across the board increase in pricing for the associate's 
programs. Any talk there in terms of next year, if you will be able to push through that same type of increase or just 
some color there would be good? 

<A - Brian Mueller>: Yeah, it wouldn't be 10%. It would be -- we expect annual increases at Axia College now, but it 
wouldn't be near 10%. It would be much more conservative than that. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Trace Urdan [Signal Hill Group]. 

<Q - Jeff Lee>: Hi, this is actually Jeff Lee standing in for Trace who is on an airplane. Just question for Greg and Joe, 
I understand you both reside in Chicago. So, how often do you guys make it out to Phoenix and then are there any plans 
to move there? 

<A - Gregory Cappelli>: This is Greg. Often I make it out to Phoenix and Joe? 

<A - Joe D'Amico>: This is Joe. Every once in a while I get back to Chicago. I spend -- have been spending for the last 
seven months full time here. My wife can attest to that. I try to get home sometime on Friday. I have spent many, many 
weekends here. I will do whatever it takes to get the job done. I will be here virtually all the time. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from Brandon Dobell [Credit Suisse]. 

<Q - Brandon Dobell>: Hi, thanks. Maybe for Brian and for Greg maybe. I'm thinking about retention in the 
bachelor's part of the business. How scientific do you think you guys are in terms of figuring out what the main drivers 
or main issues are with retention now and have those things changed, I am just trying to get a feel for how confident 
you are that you are going to identify and then change or drive those things higher, as you are trying to work on that 
issue? 

<A - Brian Mueller>: Well, I think you look at in two large buckets. First of all, you got to think about lifestyle and 
you got to think about your delivery methodologies and making sure that you're doing everything from the lifestyle 
perspective to make it convenient for people to be able to attend. Lifestyle problems are the biggest reasons students 
can't continue. And so, the more innovative and flexible we get at delivering curriculum and instruction, the more 
students will be able to retain and so we break things out and analyze in that way. 

Secondly, we are doing even more work in understanding what drives student learning, especially with students who 
start without much college experience. That's the place where you have to -- you can make the greatest amount of gain. 
And so, we're looking at curriculum, we're looking at instructional strategies, we are looking at instructors by type to 
see which ones produce the greatest results and we're looking at support services, tutorial services, we're looking at 
library services. And so, we're really looking at across the gamut. Like I said, we've got -- currently got 18 pilots going 
on, which are evaluating different kinds of methodologies in order to increase retention rate. It's probably the thing 
that's most important to us and that were greatest -- that we are most focused on. 

<A - Gregory Cappelli>: We want to use as much capital as we can in that area, Brian and it's one of the two highest 
returns for us we know. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Amy Junker [Robert W. Baird]. 

<A>: Amy, are you there? 

<A>: Operator? 

Operator 

Yes, one moment. 

<Q - Amy Junker>: Hello? 

Operator 

Amy... 

<Q - Amy Junker>: Yes. 

Operator 

Your line is open. 

<Q - Amy Junker>: Can you hear me now, Brian? 


<A - Brian Mueller>: Yes, can hear you, yeah. 

<Q - Amy Junker>: Okay. Sorry, I don't know why I wasn't coming through. Just a quick question on your 
advertising, specifically your relationship with Monster that you kind of highlighted at your analyst day last year, 
wondering was the status is there, I have heard, that you might have pulled back on some of your marketing with them. 
And I'm wondering if you found that not to be as perhaps as successful as you thought it might have been or what the 
status is there? 

<A - Brian Mueller>: No, it is going very well. It's that the combination of what we do in education and what they do 
in career and job acquisition, it's a – we thought it would be a good combination and it is. And so we are not cutting 
back with them at all. We continue to be scientific about evaluating their different properties and which ones produce 
the greatest amount or highest levels of conversion. But they are very good partner for us and that will be ongoing. 

Operator 

There are no questions at this time. 

<A>: No questions? 

Operator 

You do have a follow-up question from Sara Gubins. 

<Q - Sara Gubins>: Hi, thank you. You mentioned that transfer rates from Axia graduates to University of Phoenix 
were up. Can you give us an indication of trends in Axia graduation rates as a whole? 

<A - Brian Mueller>: Up slightly. Everything, everything is up slightly. The graduation rates are up slightly. The 
transfer rates are up slightly. And most encouragingly when a student does finish at Axia and transfers they retain at 
University of Phoenix at a 93 to 94% rate and so. We are moving in the right direction in all three of those categories. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Ryan Mahoney [ThinkEquity]. 

<Q - Ryan Mahoney>: Hi thanks, is there any color you can give us on the price increases that were implemented in 
your bachelor's, master's and doctoral programs? 

<A - Brian Mueller>: It averaged probably 3 to 4 percentage points, but we have got so many different pricing levels 
at the baccalaureate and master's level depending upon area of the country and depending upon the program that -- it 
was an overall increase that produced a average for last year. Everything that happens this upcoming year will happen 
starting in July 1st. 

Operator 

You do have a follow-up question from Gary Bisbee. 

<Q - Gary Bisbee>: Yeah hi. Since you have only given us a limited history in the starts data, I am trying to get a 
sense as to when we would likely see the big group of Axia graduates and that really begin to help the bachelor's 
business. Having tried to just back of the envelope that it seems to me that February but then really May '08 is the 
quarter when you would have a substantial number of those graduates starting to potentially help your bachelor's 
growth. Is that a timetable that seems reasonable to you or am I sort of off one way or the other? 


<A - Brian Mueller>: That's pretty good, that's pretty good. I mean I think you are thinking about it the right way. We 
are not going to give specific numbers or specific data, but I think you are on – you are on the right track. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Tom Smith [First Analysis Securities]. 

<Q - Thomas Smith>: Hi guys. It's Tom in for Corey. Thanks for taking my question. I was just wondering what are 
your expectations for hiring additional admissions reps going into Q4 and also for next year? 

<A - Brian Mueller>: We are going to be hiring them in relationship to where the lead flow is, where the demand is, 
and in proportion to the leads and the hot transfers. And so, it's our goal now that it will stay up and have the -- as we 
continue to grow at whatever rate 10 or whatever percent from an enrollment and revenue standpoint, we will keep 
hiring them in relationship to the lead flow and the hot transfer flow, and the support personnel behind them will be the 
same way. And so if we do it right, we will stay at 21 or 22% and hopefully, over time maybe get better. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Mark Marostica [Piper Jaffray]. 

<Q - Mark Zgutowicz>: Hi, it's Mark Zgutowicz in for Marostica. Just to follow-up on the selling and promotional 
line, just curious what is, in your opinion, required to be at or below those historical levels? 

<A - Brian Mueller>: I think I mean the advantages that we have are a lot of leverage in the Internet advertising world, 
and more and more of the whole advertising in this country is going online. We were there probably before everybody 
else and we figured out a lot of things and in addition to that, we have got a lot money out there. And so, we will 
continue to be more scientific about understanding all three or four aspects of Internet advertising. We will keep 
learning. We will keep leveraging our dollars. We will keep forming partnerships with the best vendors, and so that's 
important. 

And then secondly and equally important is the average productivity of enrollment counselors on a monthly and 
quarterly basis. When you can get small increases in average productivity across 5,000 sales people, that can mean a lot 
in terms of cost reduction. And so, you continue to work on getting good people, you continue to work on keeping 
them. The higher percentage of those 5,000 people that you have that are greater than one year in tenure, the greater the 
average productivity and therefore the reduction in cost, and so those are the two things we'll continue to work at. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Jennifer Childe [Bear Stearns]. 

<Q - Jennifer Childe>: Talk a little bit about the national branding campaign, were you pleased with it? Can you 
provide any metrics? Did it have a measurable impact on this quarter's results, and do you plan to continue it in the 
future? 

<A - Brian Mueller>: We are very pleased with it. We very definitely plan to continue it. The amount of activity that's 
driven to our own website that doesn't come through outside vendors is up dramatically. We think a lot of that comes 
from that branding activity. We are also measuring through an outside group, awareness levels and people's perception 
of the University of Phoenix. And those metrics also are positive. We are encouraged by what's happening and we will 
continue that effort and potentially and possibly even increase it. We don't think anybody else in the industry has the 
dollars to spend to make a significant impact in that area and we think it is a strategic advantage that we have. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from Frank Atkins. 

<Q>: Hi. I wanted to know if there was any impact negatively on enrollment in Axia regarding the price hike? And 
also why the change from the unclassified to classified Board, and what kind of drove that decision? 

<A - Brian Mueller>: As far as the – no, there was no negative impact of that tuition increase at all. You probably 
know that loan limits go up July 1st and as a result of that, the tuition is still covered by the amount of money the 
students can borrow. And so, there has been no negative impact either in conversion rates or retention rates. Joe, do you 
want to talk about the...? 

<A - Joe D'Amico>: The Board? 

<A - Brian Mueller>: The Board. 

<A - Joe D'Amico>: Yes, the, because of the turnover that we had in the Board, the, we basically reset the clock so that 
we can re-elect all the members of the Board together at the annual meeting of the class B shareholders. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Roger Sachs [Cathay Financial]. 

<Q - Roger Sachs>: Great, thank you. Just a quick question on the 500 million buyback, any sort of timeframe that 
you are looking to do that with? When people say opportunistically, and what's more opportunistic that when your 
stock is lower priced in theory as it goes higher and higher throughout the year? Thank you. 

<A - Gregory Cappelli>: Sure. This is Greg. It's an ongoing process, we will evaluate it regularly. Again we have an 
internal model, we look at the intrinsic value and if we think that's favorable for us, then we are likely to be in the 
market. 

Operator 

We do have a follow-up question from Jack Scherk. 

<Q>: Thank you very much. I was just curious, last quarter you mentioned that the national branding campaign 
accounted for about a third of the increase in selling and promotional spending. What was it this quarter? 

<A - Brian Mueller>: It wasn't third, we spent about 10% or a little bit less of our total adverting dollars on the 
branding campaign. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Sara Gubins. 

<Q - Sara Gubins>: Hi, thanks again. Two quick questions, you've talked in the past about doing a national pricing 
strategy. With the recent increases that you had in the bachelor's and master's program, are you still planning to move 
towards that? And then second, the plans to rollout new programs online, are those on target, and should we see that 
impacting the P&L in terms of costs? 

<A - Brian Mueller>: The -- the second question, yeah, we are rolling out new programs. We just recently rolled out a 
psychology baccalaureate degree and a communications baccalaureate degree. We have many others that are underway 
and I don't want to list them now. But that -- that whole thing in terms of growing programmatically because of most of 
the students wanting to go online, therefore us not having to worry about class size and faculty is an ongoing part of our 


strategy that's going well. The first question was what again? I'm sorry, I don't remember. 

<A>: National pricing. 

<A - Brian Mueller>: I'm sorry, it was national pricing. Yes, remember that we have really instituted the first part of 
that plan, in that -- in that, we raised everybody at Axia College, and most of the students now studying with less than 
60 college credit hours are at Axia College. At the other end of the spectrum, the master's and doctoral level, we have 
no barrier there. Title IV loan limits far exceed what their tuition rate is. So, we've got a lot of flexibility at that end. 
The only thing that remains as part of that strategy is at the bachelor's level, and what we've decided to do is go at that 
more gradually, and we'll get there over time, but we're in no rush to get there at that point -- at this point. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Mark Marostica. Mr. Marostica your line is open. 

<Q - Mark Marostica>: Sorry about that. Just a follow-up on that last question, on the master's and doctoral, do you 
have any sense of timing on that in terms of pricing? 
<A - Brian Mueller>: Yeah, well, most of the -- most of the tuition increases will go in effect around July 1st. 
<Q - Mark Marostica>: Okay, thank you. 


Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from Trace Urdan. 


<Q - Trace Urdan>: Hi, was I correct in understanding that the 10% May price increase for Axia only effected the 
quarter by just a few weeks and that... 
<A - Brian Mueller>: Yes. 
<Q - Trace Urdan>: Okay and if it -- but it looks like associate's student revenue increased 7% year-over-year, so then 


what else is behind that? 
<A - Brian Mueller>: Retention increases -- retention improvements. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from Bernard Roche. 

<Q>: Hi guys, I was delighted to hear all the good news which ultimately should affect enhancement value. I just 
curious that the Lehman Brothers' report on Apollo not utilize some of the data or information you have, because they 
were quite negative as far as share enhancement value for the future? 

<A - Brian Mueller>: Yeah, I am not going to comment on that report. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Jeff Silber [BMO Capital Markets]. 

<Q - Jeffrey Silber>: Hi guys, I apologize if this was asked. I have been dropping off the call a couple times. Did you 
talk about cost per lead and cost per start trends at all? 


<A - Brian Mueller>: Yeah, based upon the overall reduction in sales and promotion as a percent of revenue, they are 
positive. I think I said also that they could possibly go up a little bit in the fourth quarter as a percent of revenue, 
because typically revenues in the fourth quarter -- fourth quarter usually not as strong as third quarter, so -- but 
generally speaking, they are moving in a positive direction. 

<Q - Jeffrey Silber>: And are you still consolidating your lead sources? 

<A - Brian Mueller>: Yes, yes. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


