Q4 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Allyson Pooley, Vice President, Investor Relations 
• Charles B. Edelstein, Co-Chief Executive Officer 
• Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc. 
• Brian L. Swartz, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Joseph D'Amico 
Other Participants 

• Paul Ginocchio 
• Andrew Steinerman 
• Sara Gubins 
• Gary Bisbee 
• Robert Craig 
• Trace Urdan 
• Peter Appert 
• Corey Greendale 
• James Samford 
• Ariel Sokol 
• Brandon Dobell 
• Jeff Silber 
• Amy Junker 
• Arvind Bhatia 
• Kelly Flynn 
• Suzi Stein 
• Scott Schneeberger 
• Robert Wetenhall 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Apollo Group, Inc. fiscal 2010 fourth quarter and year-end 
earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and 
answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] 

This conference call is recorded today, October 13, 2010 and may not be reproduced in all or in part without permission 
from the company. There will be a replay of this call available through October 22 beginning approximately two hours 
after we conclude today. 

Additionally, this call will be broadcast over the Internet and can be accessed via the company's website. I would now 
like to turn the call over to Allyson Pooley, Vice President, Investor Relations of Apollo Group. Ms. Pooley, please go 
ahead. 


Allyson Pooley, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thank you and good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss our fourth quarter and year end 
results. Participating with me on the call are Chas Edelstein, our Co-Chief Executive Officer; Greg Cappelli, Co-Chief 
Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global; and Brian Swartz, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial 
Officer. Joe D'Amico, our President and Chief Operating Officer, is also here and will be available during the Q&A 
portion of the call. 

Before we begin I'd like to remind you that as we discuss our results, unless noted otherwise, we will be comparing the 
fourth quarter of fiscal 2010 which ended August 31, 2010, to the fourth quarter of fiscal 209. 

I'd also like to remind you that this conference call may contain forward-looking statements with respect to the future 
performance, financial condition, regulatory compliance and other matters regarding the business of Apollo Group that 
involve risks and uncertainties. Various factors could cause actual results of the company to be materially different 
from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 

These factors are discussed under risk factors and elsewhere in the company's most recent 10-K and subsequent 10-Q 
reports filed with the SEC and available on our website at www.apollogrp.edu. The company disclaims any obligation 
to update any forward-looking statements made during the call. 

Additionally, during the call we may refer to non-GAAP financial measurements which are intended to supplement, but 
not to substitute for the most comparable GAAP measures. Our press release, which contains financial and other 
quantitative information to be discussed today as well as the reconciliation of the GAAP and non-GAAP measures, is 
available on our website. 

With that, I'll turn the call over to Chas. 

Charles B. Edelstein, Co-Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Allyson, and good afternoon, everyone. During fiscal 2010, we made some good progress on our long term 
strategic initiatives which are designed to enhance the student experience, expand student protections, and ensure we 
enroll students who have the greatest likelihood of succeeding in our programs. In the coming fiscal year we plan to 
continue to implement initiatives to meet these goals. 

Because of the significant number of changes we are implementing, we are entering a period of transition and as a 
result, we expect it will be challenging financially. Nevertheless, the initiatives we are undertaking are in the best 
interest of our students and we are committed to these efforts. 

To be clear, we are not focusing on maximizing new student enrollments. Rather, the initiatives that we are focused on 
are directed at attracting prepared students and providing them with an outstanding experience. The intended outcome 
of successful implementation of these initiatives is a more experienced student mix with higher retention rates over 
time. 

We intend to share insights with you on our progress in the areas as they become available. We believe that, over time, 
this will position us for more stable, higher quality results which benefit all of our stakeholders. 

We also believe it is these very principles that have provided the foundation for the success of our universities, our 
employees and our students for many years. In order to accomplish this positioning, we have spent significant time 
evaluating our operations and procedures with a focus on improving the student experience. We take our responsibility 
as one of the leading universities in the country seriously, and we believe we're in a position to be a leader in student 
centric innovation and student protection. 

Over the last year alone, we have conducted an evaluation of our enrollment practices and procedures which is 
resulting in changes in the roles of our admissions personnel and comprehensive changes in their evaluation and 
compensation systems. 


We have intensified our focus on compliance, including the hiring a year ago of a chief compliance officer who is a 
recognized leader in the area of compliance. Under his leadership, we've implemented a digital call monitoring system 
where we monitor nearly 1 in 3 substantive conversations with students. The results are used for advisor coaching and 
training and in some cases, disciplinary actions. 

We've developed, and beginning November 1, will be implementing our free orientation program university wide at 
University of Phoenix for those students entering with less than 24 transfer credits. 

We have increased our training of financial counselors and developed financial literacy tools all aimed at helping 
students make more informed financial decisions. Since our borrowing tool was implemented in 2009, we've seen the 
number of students who take out maximum amount of debt decline from approximately 90% to 60-70%. And we've 
continued refinement of our approach to marketing, which has resulted in a notable reduction in the use of third-party 
lead generators, which allow us to maintain better control over student messaging and to ensure accurate information is 
being provided to students. 

We know, however, that we have room for continued improvement. If our advisors are providing less than accurate 
information, we take prompt action and we do not tolerate this kind of behavior. Further, we have taken multiple steps 
to ensure our strict policies are well understood and implemented. We view the current environment of increased 
scrutiny in our industry as an opportunity to improve and expand our training and compliance. 

Consequently, we're doing a complete evaluation and revision of our training materials. We're committed to being 
leaders not only in the education of our students, but also in a role model for the industry from a compliance 
perspective. 

Now let me touch on the regulatory environment a bit. As many of you know, the next step in the negotiated 
rulemaking process is the expected publication in the next couple weeks of final rules for all of the topics other than 
gainful employment provision, but will include some reporting and disclosure rules related to gainful employment. 
We've evaluated the NPRMs and will further study the final rules when they're published. 

Regarding the metrics portion of the gainful employment provision, we continue to believe that in its current format, 
it's not good public policy as we believe it limits student choices and could ultimately lead to the elimination of good 
programs in areas of significant societal need, such as criminal justice, nursing, and teaching. 

Since the rules are not final and because we now expect the final rules to be delayed past November 1, we're not in a 
position to quantify any potential impact to our business at this time. We continue to work with members of Congress 
and others to discuss the potential unintended consequences, and are pleased the Department is taking additional time 
to consider unprecedented volume of comments they have received as well as the analysis of the rules that continue to 
be published. 

We continue to believe that our goals are aligned with the stated goals of our regulators and members of Congress. 
We're focused on informing students of their education options, providing high-quality education programs, and 
providing a strong value proposition to our students. 

With that, I'll turn the call over to Greg. 

Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo 
Global, Inc. 

Okay, thanks, Chas. Today I would like to discuss a few of the important initiatives we are implementing in more 
detail. Specifically, I'll address University Orientation, changes in our marketing efforts and the changes we're making 
in our admissions approach which affects all of our students, advisors, and their managers. Then I'll quickly update you 
on key investments including our learning management platform and Apollo Global as well as our focus on cost 
containment. 


First, as we announced last quarter, beginning November 1 we will be requiring all students with less than 24 transfer 
credits to attend University Orientation prior to enrolling at University of Phoenix. As a reminder, we began to develop 
student orientation well over a year ago in an effort to address the huge influx in demand from students that were 
anxious to get a college degree, but were not always prepared for the rigors of college level work and as a result were 
not succeeding in our program. 

Over 30,000 students have gone through the orientation program now and we continue to see positive results as we 
continue to improve its effectiveness. 

To date the results remain such that about 20% of the students are self-selecting out and of those that enroll, their 
retention rates over the first few courses continue to be significantly higher. Importantly, students appreciate their 
experience and even those who don't enroll have a positive view of the University of Phoenix. Because there's no 
charge for orientation, these students leave without any debt burden to us or the federal government. 

Implementing these new programs throughout the university next month will result in significant decline in new degree 
enrollment at both the associate and bachelor level, but we believe that many of these students may have dropped 
anyway. Thus, over time we expect to see improved student outcomes, including improved retention rates, and 
ultimately we hope to see better graduation rates as well. We also expect the improved retention rates of students who 
go through orientation to result in a favorable long-term impact on bad debt expense and cohort default rates and 
position us for more predictable and stable long-term results. 

As you know, over the past couple of years we've also changed our approach to marketing. We've accelerated an 
aggressive restructuring of the Internet lead channel and particularly the affiliate marketplace as we were getting a 
disproportionate share of our underprepared students from this channel. 

We've also continued to invest in new marketing techniques, tools and programs to help our efforts in transitioning to a 
more favorable mix of students with more transfer credits as well as graduates. This transition, combined with 
increasing overall media prices, is resulting in higher marketing costs and lower new degree enrollments, but again, if 
successful, our student retention should improve over time, ultimately driving better operational results. 

Our intent is to make sure that our marketing fully and fairly informs students. There's millions of Americans who have 
not had the chance to benefit from a higher education, and our marketing is designed to help them understand their 
options in this important area. 

Now additionally, we've just combined two groups, which are both focused on corporate relationships, under one leader 
to create a significant, dedicated team of people whose sole responsibility is to serve this important sector of the 
market. We currently have more than 100 formal corporate relationships which support education for their employees, 
and we're very focused on growing the enrollments from these types of quality relationships. 

Finally, we continue our investment in brand awareness and familiarity which we think is particularly important in the 
current environment, given the tremendous amount of negative media that's taken place. While we can't know for sure, 
we do believe this heightened negative media is adversely impacting our business, especially for our advanced degree 
programs. 

Now we're taking steps to reassure all of our constituencies both externally and internally of our commitment to deliver 
high quality education, a commitment that began with our founding. Our learning outcomes as described in our 
academic annual report for the last two years, as well as the success of our alumni, help validate our claim. 

I now want to talk a little bit about the changes we're making with regard to the roles of our admissions personnel and 
the comprehensive changes in their evaluation and compensation structure, which we announced last quarter. At that 
time we'd planned to initiate the changes beginning later this year. However, we ultimately decided to accelerate some 
of the changes to coincide with the start of our new fiscal year which is two months ahead of our original plan. As part 
of the new plan, we have completely eliminated enrollment results as a component of compensation for all employees. 


To provide some background, I've been visiting, along with several other members of our management team, many of 
our campuses and employees over the past year. And as a result, we began reviewing the job functions, career paths 
and compensation plans for our admissions personnel. 

After careful review and in consultation with our employees that work directly with students on a daily basis, we 
designed and are implementing a system that allows our admissions personnel to more fully develop relationships with 
prospective and current students. 

Now our goal is to improve how we support current and prospective students as they achieve their educational goals. 
We're empowering our students to provide outstanding service to students and although there is much more than – 
much more to it than this, in short, we'll be compensating them based on the competencies and relationships they build 
with students and the student experience they help create. 

As we said before, we're moving to a culture of advisement and consultation. We've been piloting various parts of our 
new system for several months and are seeing positive behavioral changes as well as positive feedback from 
prospective students. 

As you probably realize, this is a major undertaking, and we're providing significant training and communication as we 
roll out this new plan to our employees. Over time, we think that while it may result in fewer new enrollments than we 
might have otherwise admitted into the university, the students that do enroll should be more prepared and ready for the 
rigors of our programs. Again, we expect this to lead to meaningful improvements in retention and ultimately 
completion rates. 

Now before I turn the call over to Brian, I just want to spend a few minutes discussing two of our key investment areas: 
first, our new learning management platform, and second, Apollo Global. I'd like to also discuss our focus on cost 
containment. 

We've been investing heavily in both technology and talent as part of our new learning platform. Some of the major 
features include: inclusion of adaptive learning and assessment technology; introducing Phoenix Connect, which is an 
awesome new capability that brings our students from across the world together as a community of learners and 
introduces more academic and social interaction as part of our learning model which uses social technology in an 
academic construct; increased use of data and analytics to assist in remediation and learning optimization; and creating 
individualized learning experiences. 

Over the last six months, we've made some exciting strides, introducing community and academic social networking 
into our model with the launch of Phoenix Connect. That's our proprietary private academically focused networking 
system. The intent is to connect all of our constituencies including students, faculty, and eventually alumni. 

We've initially launched Phoenix Connect in the School of Business, which is by far our largest concentration within 
the university. The early response has been tremendous. Within the first week after the launch, we had an adoption rate 
of over 95%. The intent of the system is not to replicate Facebook or other social networking systems, but rather to 
create academically oriented communities in a manner that helps students in their classes and careers. 

We were pleased to see that some of the most commonly completed fields were things like: 'My educational goals'; 
'Why am I in school?' which represents academic motivation, career history; and, 'What will my degree help me 
accomplish?' or professional goals. The launch of Phoenix Connect in the School of Business was just the first step to 
connecting our communities. 

Now quickly, regarding Apollo Global, I specifically want to spend a minute discussing BPP in light of the impairment 
charge we took this quarter. We acquired BPP a little over a year ago to be the centerpiece of our European global 
expansion strategy and while BPP, like most other businesses, they have been impacted by the severe recession and 
slow recovery in the U.K. We continue to believe that it is a great business with significant long-term growth potential. 

One of the important reasons behind our acquisition of BPP was the opportunity we see to grow the university side of 
the business. Just this past July, three years after being given the authority to grant college degrees, BPP became the 
first private college in over 30 years to be awarded university college status. The U.K. is committed to promoting a 


wider range of educational opportunities as they understand that they need a more broadly educated society, but that 
there are budgetary constraints to achieving this goal within their traditional system. 

We're excited to participate in this growth. We think the knowledge we've acquired over 35 years with the University 
of Phoenix will benefit us tremendously as we continue to expand. We'll certainly continue to update you on the 
progress we're making in this key area as together we'll help bring greater access to higher education in the U.K. 

Briefly on the cost front, I want to assure you that we're very focused on gaining efficiencies in our business. This is 
particularly important during this transition period. Admissions and financial aid processing are just a couple of areas 
we believe have significant potential cost savings opportunities as we work to streamline our operations. 

Additionally, we're diligently managing our overall costs including head count and we're working to position the 
company to be more efficient and tightly focused on creating a superior student experience. 

Just quickly, I would like to express just how proud we are of the nearly 100,000 students that graduated from the 
University of Phoenix this past fiscal year. That's 100,000 people that now have a better chance at achieving the 
American dream and many of these graduates have overcome many challenges to achieve their goal of getting a college 
degree. 

For those that might not have the same perspective as many of our students, try working all day carrying a full-time job 
or two jobs and raising a family and all the responsibilities that come along with it, and then attending college at the 
same time. It's not easy. Our programs require dedication, individual and group-related study time, and the will to 
succeed and those that do deserve all the respect and then some for the tremendous work they put into graduating from 
the University of Phoenix. 

We've talked about a number of important things today, but I would like to be crystal clear: we're dedicated to the 
strategic direction we have outlined over the past several quarters. Change is never easy, but we're focused on our 
mission, committed to the plan and we know that we're doing the right thing for our students, which should ultimately 
lead to sustainable, quality, long-term returns to all of our stakeholders. 

We're incredibly proud of our employees. They're embracing the changes we're making and positively impacting 
students' lives each and every day. We'd like to thank them for their dedication and commitment. 

And now I would like to turn the call over to Brian. 

Brian L. Swartz, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Greg, and good afternoon, everyone. I would like to start by reviewing our fourth quarter financial results, then 
I'll spend a few minutes on 90-10 and finally wrap up with a discussion of the outlook of our business. 

During the fourth quarter, revenue increased 17%. Excluding BPP, revenue growth was 16%. Contributing to the 
growth was University of Phoenix's enrollment growth combined with increased tuition rates. 

In total at the University of Phoenix, we enrolled 92,000 new students during the fourth quarter for total degreed 
enrollment of 470,800 students. That is a 6% increase in total degreed enrollment versus a year ago. New degreed 
enrollment was down 10% due in part to the continued pilot of University Orientation, which adversely impacted 
undergraduate new enrollment. 

We also continued to experience lower new enrollment at the master's level, a trend that we'd like to reverse. We are 
dedicating increased resources to graduate degrees and while there is significant competition for these programs, we 
hope to see improvement over time. 

Income from continuing operations was $48 million or $0.32 per share compared to $97 million or 0.62 per share in the 
fourth quarter a year ago. 


During the fourth quarter, we conducted our annual impairment test of Apollo Global's BPP subsidiary. As a result of 
that test, included in the fourth quarter results are goodwill and intangible impairment charges for BPP totaling $176 
million. 

BPP's business, which is heavily dependent upon the strength of the law and finance sectors in the U.K., has been 
significantly and adversely impacted by the deep recession in the U.K. and throughout Europe. As part of performing 
the impairment test, we believe we have appropriately assumed the potential impact of a slower economic recovery. 
These impairment charges are noncash charges. 

Additionally, we took a pre-tax charge of approximately $1 million for incremental, post judgment interest related to a 
securities class action lawsuit. 

If we exclude these charges and the previously announced charges from the prior year period, income from continuing 
operations increased 13% to $194 million and E.P.S. increased 19% to $1.31 per share from $1.10 per share a year ago. 

Operating income declined 29% to $142 million, but increased 10% to $319 million if we exclude the special charges I 
just discussed. 

Our reported operating margin declined 170 basis points versus a year ago in part due to BPP's cost structure and an 
increase in bad debt expense. Excluding the impact of BPP's operations and the special items, our operating margin 
would have increased 40 basis points. 

Now I'll spend a minute discussing each of the expense categories starting with instructional costs and services or ICS. 
As a percentage of revenue, ICS increased 220 basis points, which was primarily driven by BPP's expenses as well as 
170 basis point increase in bad debt expense, partially offset we by the reversal of a $5 million accrual we made in the 
third quarter of fiscal 2010 relating to a state grant program. 

Bad debt expense as a percentage of revenue was 5.9% compared to 4.2% a year ago. This increase in bad debt expense 
is a result of the economic downturn and an increase in receivables from undergraduate students entering with a low 
number of transfer credits. Collection rates for these students tend to be lower than students with more college 
experience and our graduate degree students. 

Selling and promotional expense as a percentage of revenue was down 40 basis points. This improvement was due to 
slower hiring of admissions personnel, partially offset by a higher level of advertising expense directed at bachelor's 
and graduate degree programs. As we indicated last quarter, in an effort to shift our student mix toward more 
experienced bachelor's and graduate level students, we are deploying incremental marketing resources, including 
additional advertising dollars. This, combined with the decline in new enrollment in the fourth quarter, resulted in 
lower admission advisor efficiency. 

Finally, G&A. As a percentage of revenue, G&A was down 100 basis points, primarily due to the $9 million fixed asset 
write-off in the fourth quarter of 2009 which was noted as a special item. 

Total share based compensation was $18 million in the fourth quarter and $64 million for the year. For fiscal 2011 we 
believe share based compensation will be about $70 to $75 million. 

Our effective tax rate in the fourth quarter was 87.2%, primarily because of the non-deductibility of the BPP goodwill 
impairment. Excluding this charge our tax rate in the fourth quarter was 40.5%. We believe our effective tax rate in 
fiscal 2011 will be approximately 42% for the year. As always, the rate could vary depending upon the outcome of our 
state tax initiatives and the result of our foreign operations. 

Before I turn to the balance sheet, I want to let you know that we are currently evaluating possible changes to our 
income statement presentation primarily as a result of the changes in the role of our admissions personnel and in their 
evaluation and compensation programs. The changes, if made, would result in certain costs moving between income 
statement expense categories. 


Now let me turn to the balance sheet and cash flows. We continue to maintain a well-capitalized balance sheet at 
August 31, 2010 with unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of $1.3 billion. Outstanding debt was $584 million versus 
$589 million at the end of last year and up from $167 million as of the end of last quarter. During the fourth quarter we 
temporarily borrow the full amount of our $500 million credit facility and subsequent to year end we repaid about $400 
million of that borrowing. 

Excluding Apollo Global, our days sales outstanding for the quarter decreased to 30 days from 32 days at the end of 
last year. 

During the fourth quarter, our adjusted free cash flow decreased approximately 48% to $92 million compared to $175 
million in the fourth quarter of last year. Excluding the increase in long-term restricted cash of $126 million related to 
the posting of a letter of credit, our adjusted free cash flow increased 25%. As a reminder, we define adjusted free cash 
flow as cash flow from operations less CapEx and changes in restricted cash. 

In addition, I would note that for 2011 we expect capital expenditures to be nearly two times the 2010 level, owing to 
some necessary investments in core information technology and network systems, including the development of a 
redundant system in a new geographic location. We do not expect the long-term capital efficiency of our business to 
change. 

During the fourth quarter, we utilized approximately $100 million in capital to repurchase two million shares of stock 
for an average price of about $50 per share. As of August 31, we have approximately $561 million available under our 
current repurchase authorization. 

Now I would like to discuss 90/10. As expected, during fiscal year 2010, we continued to see upward pressure on our 
90/10 calculation. Excluding temporary relief, the 90/10 calculation for the University of Phoenix increased to 88% 
from 86% in 2009. Including the temporary relief, the calculation increased to 85% from 83% in 2009. 

Based on currently available information, we expect the 90/10 percentage, net of temporary relief, will approach but 
not exceed 90% for fiscal 2011 principally due to the expanded eligibility for and increases in the amount of Pell 
grants. We have implemented various measures intended to reduce the percentage of University of Phoenix's cash basis 
revenue attributable to Title IV funds including emphasizing employer paid and other direct pay education programs, 
encouraging students to carefully evaluate the amount of necessary Title IV borrowings and continued focus on 
professional development and continuing education programs. 

Although we believe these measures will favorably impact the 90/10 calculation, they have had only a limited impact to 
date. We also intend to consider other measures including tuition price increases. However, we believe that absent a 
change in recent trends or the implementation of additional effective measures to reduce the percentage, the percentage 
for University of Phoenix is likely to exceed 90% in fiscal year 2012 due to the expiration of temporary relief in July of 
2011. 

Finally, I would like to discuss the outlook for our business. 

As Greg discussed, we are implementing several meaningful initiatives and making material, operational changes to 
our business in fiscal 2011, all of which we feel are the right things to do from a student and long-term business 
perspective. We expect that the implementation of the initiatives, together with the effect of other challenges the 
proprietary industry is facing, will adversely impact our operating metrics and financial results. Some of the industry 
challenges include ongoing regulatory scrutiny which has led to heightened media attention, much of which has been 
negative. 

Given the uncertainties, we are withdrawing the business outlook for fiscal year 2011 which we previously provided. 
For the first quarter, the impact of the changes we are making as well as the various external factors could result in a 
decline in new degree enrollment in excess of 40% year-over-year. 

During this period of transition, we expect to continue to make investments in key areas to support our long-term 
objectives, but we also intend to more aggressively manage our cost structure to appropriately align it with the business 
results. 


We are committed to creating a great experience for our students to help them succeed and strongly believe the 
initiatives we are undertaking are in their best interest. Furthermore, we believe these initiatives will ultimately 
strengthen our overall business model. If successful, we would expect lower new enrollment growth in the near term 
but over time should see improved student outcomes, including increased student retention and completion rates and 
our intent is to return to growth at some point during 2012. 

With, that I'll turn the call over to the operator so we can take your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Paul Ginocchio from Deutsche Bank. Your line is 
now open. 

<Q - Paul Ginocchio>: Thanks for taking my question. Just on the potential 40% decline year-on-year, could you give 
us a little color by degree what you think, particularly associate's versus bachelor's? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: Yeah, how are you 
doing, Paul? I think what we're likely to see is more of a decline in the associate's level which is the area that gets 
impacted most by student orientation. Bachelors will obviously be impacted as well and those will be the areas that get 
most impacted most, led by associate's. 

<Q - Paul Ginocchio>: Do you think bachelor's goes negative also? 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: Yeah, I do. 

<Q - Paul Ginocchio>: And then, I guess, how much of University Orientation was rolled out in the quarter, relative to 
the 100% roll out this next quarter? 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: It was still in pilot 
phase during the quarter. It will be rolled out fully for students with less than 24 credit hours across the nation in early 
November. November 1. 

<Q - Paul Ginocchio>: Right. And so just to be clear, the impact to new enrollment this quarter was really the changes 
to third party marketing? Was that the major impact or was there something else? 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: That was certainly a 
part of it, but there's other things that play into that as well. Obviously, we had an incredible amount of negative press 
during the quarter, which is something that's hard to quantify, but we know it caused some difficulty during the quarter, 
and also, we've been working on piloting and talking a great deal about change within the compensation system for our 
advisors and enrollment advisors. So I think the combination of those things really created pressure on the enrollment 
during the quarter. 

<Q - Paul Ginocchio>: And if I could just sneak one more in, can you talk about the quality of your new enrollment 
this quarter towards the end of the quarter relative to a year ago to a few quarters ago? Can you talk about any metrics 
that would suggest that the quality is much higher now? 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: Well, I mean, our 
goal is obviously to be – one of our goals is to be enrolling upper level students, so we're not – we've not accomplished 
that. You can see what's happened to our master's, and we'd like to grow master's and doctoral as well as bachelor's. It's 
really hard to say when you have a quarter that's really been unprecedented for us in terms of the media blitz, that didn't 
go in our favor. 


Now I think we'll start to see that level off obviously, and then it will be easier to give you a perspective on the quality 
of the enrollment and how you even define quality for us. Quality enrollment means students that not only start but they 
stay. And that's how we're going to help define that along the way of this journey over the course of the next fiscal year 
is to provide color on what's happening there. 

You can start all the students in the world, but if they don't stay, it's not helpful to the student and it's not helpful to us, 
any of our stakeholders. So that's going to be something we are very, very focused on this year, and we are going to be 
providing color on that along the way. 

<A - Charles B. Edelstein, Co-Chief Executive Officer>: This is Chas. We have seen continued improvement in 
retention rates over those that go through our orientation program, which is an encouraging sign. 

<Q - Paul Ginocchio>: Thanks very much. 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: Thank you, Paul. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Steinerman from JP Morgan. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Andrew Steinerman>: Hi, gentlemen. I wanted to talk about some of the benefits from the new enrollment 
program – new orientation program. When I look at persistence in the quarter, it's another quarter that has been down 
year-over-year, the way we measure it. Could you just get into a little bit – why should it be down this quarter like it 
was down last quarter? Shouldn't some of the benefit of the pilot of new orientation already kick in to persistence, and 
when do you think we'll see it in the numbers, particularly when I'm talking about student persistence? 

<A - Joseph D'Amico>: Andrew, it's Joe. The pilot hasn't impacted the retention or persistence yet. It will, beginning 
probably next quarter as we see that roll out across the country. So it's too small right now to have an impact, and we 
continue to experience students who are not as well prepared for college and so they don't retain as long. That is the 
trend that we absolutely are focused on reversing. 

<Q - Andrew Steinerman>: Right. So starting in November quarter, you feel like persistence could be up again? 

<A - Joseph D'Amico>: Well, it's not going to start in November exactly, but as the students get through and they get 
through their first block of courses, that's when we're going to see it. That's nine weeks. When you think about the 
three-week program, a week delay before they get started in the program, we're really looking at the following quarter, 
not Q1, but Q2 and beyond. 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: And we will try to 
help in terms of what we're seeing, Andrew, in terms of first course completions and whatnot, a number of different 
things. Our goal is to be able to help communicate what's happening there and how quickly it's happening. But we're 
driving towards that, that's for sure. 

<Q - Andrew Steinerman>: And Greg, could you just go over why persistence was down year-over-year in the 
quarter? 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: I can't pinpoint it to 
you other than to say this was a quarter where you can throw a lot of the traditional metrics out. Literally with the kind 
of media blitz that's been going on this quarter, there could be a number of reasons that it happened. 

It's mechanical as well. When you think about persistence, one of the things that can drive persistence – now, I'm not 
talking about retention, but persistence as it's defined in some of the models that are out there is, when you have new 
enrollments that are down a lot, that is going to drive persistence down just mechanically how it works within the 
models. So what we'll try to do going forward is to provide transparency on what's really happening in terms of 
retention within the university if that will help. Hopefully it will. 


<Q - Andrew Steinerman>: Absolutely. Thank you so much. 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: Thank you, Andrew. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Sara Gubins from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Sara Gubins>: Hi. Thank you. I am wondering given the timing of the orientation roll out, do you think that first 
quarter would be the worst of the student start declines from a year-over-year perspective? 

<A - Charles B. Edelstein, Co-Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Sara. In terms of the timing of the rollout, certainly the 
first several months of rolling it out are going to be the most impactful because you're delaying a whole group of 
students. Probably the way to think about it is really a four-week delay rather than just a three-week delay because it 
does take some time to enroll and so forth. 

So we're rolling it out mid-quarter, of course, but you are correct in the way you think about it that the upfront impact is 
going to be much, much greater – it should be much greater than the ongoing effect. So it will span both quarters and 
it's only one month of it that you're going to get in the first quarter. 

<Q - Sara Gubins>: So it sounds like Q2 could be down another 40% year-over-year if not more from a student start 
perspective? 

<A - Charles B. Edelstein, Co-Chief Executive Officer>: I think the impact of that particular program will be 
significant in the second quarter. 

<Q - Sara Gubins>: Okay. Brian, you made a comment in your prepared remarks about expecting to return to growth 
sometime in 2012. And I just wanted to clarify, are you talking about earnings growth there or enrollment growth? 

<A - Brian L. Swartz, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: At some point in 2012 we'd like to see 
that for both. So absolutely on the new enrollment side and then we would like to see that flow through our financial 
results as well. 

<Q - Sara Gubins>: Okay. In terms of the cost savings opportunities, any way to quantify that? 

<A - Joseph D'Amico>: Over the course of the next year, we're looking certainly at significant numbers, potentially 
nine figures. 

<Q - Sara Gubins>: Okay. And when would you expect to start to see some of the benefits of that? 

<A - Joseph D'Amico>: We're not pinpointing that at the moment. 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: But throughout the 
year, Sara, head count is one thing and we talked about financial aid processing and some other key areas as well where 
we are focused on making sure we're operating efficiently now. We're committed to making these changes; we're also 
committed to operating the business efficiently as well. So we are focused on cost containment. And there will be – we 
will be talking about, let me put it this way; we will be updating you and talking about that on a quarterly basis 
throughout the fiscal year. 

<Q - Sara Gubins>: Okay. And then just last question, are there – how are you viewing share repurchases going 
forward? Are there any reasons why you wouldn't be able to repurchase shares as you are going through all of these 
changes? 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: There can always be 
reasons and blackouts and when you are blacked out of the market for one reason or another, but it is part of the capital 
allocation program for sure. It has been in a meaningful way in the past and it is absolutely part of the conversation as 
we look to capital allocation going forward as well. 


<Q - Sara Gubins>: Okay, thank you. 

<A - Charles B. Edelstein, Co-Chief Executive Officer>: Sara, one thing to make sure that it's clear in terms of your 
question about the decline in new student enrollment; I didn't want to leave the impression that the expected decline 
was 100% attributable to the new student orientation program. There is a number of factors in the soup, if you will, 
including some of the other things we have talked about here: the negative press and a number of the initiatives. So I 
just – I don't think we left that but I wanted to be sure. 

<Q - Sara Gubins>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Gary Bisbee from Barclays Capital. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Gary Bisbee>: Hey, guys. I guess just looking at the starts again, I think last quarter you told us about – roughly 
half the students would likely go through the orientation and 20% would end up not enrolling so I guess that is like a 
10% hit to start if those numbers haven't changed a whole lot. Can you help us in order of magnitude understand the 
impact of the other factors between reputation, the changes you are making in marketing and the expectations you have 
built in for the changes in productivity based on the admissions rep role changes? 

<A - Charles B. Edelstein, Co-Chief Executive Officer>: Well, just to clarify, I think what we said last quarter is that 
it was more than half that we would expect to go through the University Orientation program once it gets fully rolled 
out. And the second part of your question, how do you divide how much of the impact this quarter each, we really don't 
have a good way to do that in terms of what proportion is because of the negative press and what proportion is any sort 
of coming up to speed that our student advisors are going through as they're transitioning into the new process. We 
don't have a good way to parse out between the two, so I can't really give you much more color on that. 

<Q - Gary Bisbee>: How about the marketing changes which were specifically cited in the press release, moving away 
from the affiliates? You have been talking about that for two years now. Have you made a more drastic step there or is 
that sort of a continuation of the theme that you have talked about? 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: Gary, I would say we 
accelerated that during the quarter. 

<Q - Gary Bisbee>: Okay. And looking at a much lower base of student starts, how successful are you at this point do 
you think at being able to adjust the marketing spend to target the students you want? Or is this still likely to see a 
similar level of marketing spend but just a lot less, a lot less productivity in the next couple of quarters? 

<A - Charles B. Edelstein, Co-Chief Executive Officer>: I think the spend is something that we look at each quarter. 
And make judgment based on what we see. But it's more difficult now to get the higher level of students that we would 
like. And that's one of the things that we're focused on from that particular channel. And at the lower end of that 
channel, you know, you get a disproportionate number of students enrolling that are not able to complete the rigors of 
the curriculum. So that's what we're trying to navigate and certainly we have made changes there as we said in our 
prepared remarks. 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: Gary, this is also a 
quarter that I am not sure it would matter what you would spend in either channel given the negative forces that were 
going against us this quarter, and as I said, we hope to see that level out and take its course, which we think it will, but 
it's tough to pinpoint exactly why you got the results you did this quarter with any kind of marketing spend. Obviously 
we kept the branding spend going as well. 

But we are committed to making the changes within the channel as we talked about and we'll continue to update you 
there. 


<Q - Gary Bisbee>: And one last one from me. With much lower student starts, I assume you're going to be able to 
reduce the faculty spend if you are hiring most of them on a per course basis. Can you give us a sense as to what 
portion of the instructional cost that is or said differently, how we should think about incremental margin changes at the 
gross margin level based on flex in the cost structure for those much lower student levels? Thanks. 

<A - Joseph D'Amico>: Gary, we certainly watch and guide the cost to the new enrollment and the total enrollment, so 
there's variable costs that are associated with the reduction in the number of new enrollments and total enrollment. 

<Q - Gary Bisbee>: You are not willing to give us a sense how much that is? 

<A - Joseph D'Amico>: I think you can kind of judge that from our financials. 

<A - Brian L. Swartz, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Gary, this is Brian. Maybe to help out, 
we haven't provided the detail in the expense categories in a while now, but I would say that the faculty cost generally 
is one of the more variable costs with our business. I think it's fair to say that. 

<Q - Gary Bisbee>: Okay. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: Thanks, Gary. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Bob Craig from Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is open. 

<Q - Robert Craig>: Good afternoon, guys. I'm wondering if you could comment on what you've seen so far either 
voluntarily or involuntarily in terms of EC turnover given the changes? 

<A - Joseph D'Amico>: Actually, EC turnover has declined as a result of the changes. And it's really student advisor 
now, Bob. 

<Q - Robert Craig>: Right, okay; sorry for the terminology. 

<A - Joseph D'Amico>: That's okay, we changed it on you. 

<Q - Robert Craig>: When we had chatted before, you mentioned that some people just naturally wouldn't cut it under 
the new rules of engagement, but you haven't seen any real increase in turnover there? 

<A - Joseph D'Amico>: To the extent that student advisors don't cut it, we'll treat them right and fairly and we're doing 
training now and coaching and the like. So we'll do what's right for the business and right for the people. 

<Q - Robert Craig>: Okay. How did you identify the publicity impact? Did you do some sort of survey or did you just 
notice changes around some of the public events that took place? 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: It was a combination 
of that, Bob. It's, like I said up front, it's very hard to quantify that specifically, but we believe that it did impact us as 
you can probably guess during the quarter. 

<Q - Robert Craig>: Okay. Appreciate your comments on 90/10 and recognizing the dangers or challenges with the 
interaction between gainful and 90/10. I was just wondering, how could you possibly move the needle enough should 
some of these things go through? Certainly heard all of what you are doing, but I just don't know how you're going to 
be able to move the needle sufficiently to accommodate these rules if they go into place. 

<A - Brian L. Swartz, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Bob, it's Brian. We're committed to 
doing anything we have to to stay below 90. We know how important it is. We have talked about the initiatives we're 
focused on, and we're going to continue to stay very focused on those to get traction. 

<Q - Robert Craig>: Great. Thanks, guys. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Trace Urdan from Signal Hill. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Trace Urdan>: Thanks. You guys have given us some sense of what you think is going to happen to enrollment 
and so I presume that from that you must have some sense of what's going to happen with respect to revenue and 
arguably you are in charge of the cost component of the formula, so I am kind of wondering what was behind the 
decision process to withdraw guidance and when you think you might have enough information to reinstate guidance? 

<A - Brian L. Swartz, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Trace, it's Brian. We're going through a 
period of tremendous change and transition. Greg summarized a lot of that. I made some comments. And during this 
period it's just – it's very difficult to predict our quarter to quarter results, but I think what's most important is we're 
focused on the big goals which is the student experience and we're very mindful of our costs, as we talked about. 

And with the kind of changes we're doing to the business, which we all think and we all believe is the right thing, but 
it's just more difficult to predict the business on a quarter to quarter basis. 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: Trace, we will try to 
provide as much transparency and data as we can on our calls on what's happening. We have talked about these 
initiatives and we'll try to follow up and say, okay, here is the traction we're getting or not getting on these initiatives 
because we're doing these for a reason. We believe it's the future of our business. They're essential to the core for 
creating long-term value. And as I said, we hope to be back to profit growth in 2012 and as soon as we can bracket that 
a little bit better, then we will get back to providing more specific help on that area. 

<Q - Trace Urdan>: Okay. And do you – I suppose that given the guidance is withdrawn, that kind of includes 
whatever changes you might feel the need to make respect to gainful employment, but do you anticipate coming back 
to us again and having a different take on enrollment based on where the gainful employment rules net out? Or do you 
feel as though you have sort of included that in the way that you're characterizing the business today? 

<A - Charles B. Edelstein, Co-Chief Executive Officer>: I think we have not really included the gainful employment 
in the sort of outlooks or forecasts because we haven't known to date exactly what the rules will be or their impact. So 
neither the historical or the future sort of indications that we're giving you about our business would have included the 
gainful employment. 

<Q - Trace Urdan>: Do you have a sense with the respect to approaching the 90% at what point you will need to pull 
the trigger on a price increase? How far can you push it before that option leaves the table? 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: Well, what's one -that's 
certainly one of the options to deal with 90/10, but Brian, did you want to answer that? 

<A - Brian L. Swartz, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No, I was just going to say, I mean it's a 
timing issue, Trace. I mean we traditionally have done annual price increases, but if – as we approached 90 in any 
given year if we needed to take a second price increase to help fix that, we would do that. 

<Q - Trace Urdan>: Right. I'm just saying that given that you're talking about fiscal '12, there's going to be at some 
point past which a price increase won't be made in time to have an impact, so do you have a sense of that? Is this 
something you're going to revisit in six months or 12 months or...? 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: No, we'll monitor it 
frequently, Trace. Although we only report externally once a year 90/10 because it's an annual measurement. We have 
processes in place to watch it during the interim so if we start to see it get close, we would take whatever actions we 
need to take including a price increase. 

<A - Charles B. Edelstein, Co-Chief Executive Officer>: And we will definitely talk to you about that on the 
quarterly conference call if that happens. 


<Q - Trace Urdan>: Okay. You guys made reference to the fact that there's going to be additional disclosure 
requirements coming soon. Can we expect that you'll start to report starts and drops and grads on a quarterly basis? 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: Trace, when you said 
additional disclosure requirements, were you getting at gainful employment? 

<A - Brian L. Swartz, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Did you mean for gainful employment, 
Trace? 

<Q - Trace Urdan>: Yeah, for gainful employment, right? So you made reference to the fact that the gainful 
employment disclosures are coming sooner with this round that's going to be final by the end of October, and so I'm 
wondering if you're going to anticipate that prior to July and start telling us how things are going with respect to the 
number of drops in graduates in the quarter? 

<A - Charles B. Edelstein, Co-Chief Executive Officer>: We really have to see what it is that's published before we 
know when exactly we're going to be responding. Obviously we'll respond within the timeframe required, but whether 
there's any response sooner depends on what's actually published even on this November 1, which we've been told by 
the Department will be something will be published but we haven't seen what yet. 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: Yeah, and as soon as 
we do and we know what it is, we'll publish what we need to. There's no intent at all here to game anything. We're 
being pretty clear on doing what we're doing for the reasons we're doing it. We want to start students that are going to 
stay and that are going to graduate, so we'll be providing color on that along the way. 

<Q - Trace Urdan>: I know that you are, and I get that sense that you're really clearing the slate here, and that's why I 
guess my question is more of an advocacy for that. 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: Yep. 

<Q - Trace Urdan>: It seems as though as long as you're in this mode, no reason not to go that far. 

<A - Charles B. Edelstein, Co-Chief Executive Officer>: Appreciate that. 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: And we appreciate 
that. And we are going to try to err on the side of making sure that we provide the color and the data that's necessary to 
get you there. 

<Q - Trace Urdan>: Okay, thank you. 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: Thank you, Trace. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Peter Appert from Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Peter Appert>: Thanks. I'm just wondering if in the context of all the industry and company specific changes 
going on, you still have comfort with the longer term target of low double digit revenue growth, mid-teens operating 
income growth? 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: That's something – 
look, when we talked about that, that is certainly something that we said was an internal goal. It was not long-term 
guidance, but it was something internally that we're focused on, and we're going to come back and revisit that. When 
we get back to providing color on our quarterly financial goals, we'll talk about our long term as well. 

But our goal is to get back to operating profit growth in fiscal '12, and we'll provide more color in terms of long-term 
goals as well. I will say this, there's 50 million people in this country who have never tried to go to college. There's 30 
million people who haven't completed college. 


It's a big marketplace out there. And we're excited about our position within it and the direction that we're taking this 
University. We think we can be a really important player in this marketplace. 

So the market's there, but we want to get through this transition for sure, and then we'll try to provide more guidance, 
both short term and long term. I hope that is understandable. 

<Q - Peter Appert>: Yep, thanks, Greg. And one follow-up: In terms of the weakness you're seeing at the master's 
level. You cited, Greg, I think specifically competitive dynamic, but you've been throwing a fair amount of resources, I 
think, in recent quarters into getting growth in that operation again. So why aren't we seeing it? 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: I think there's a 
couple things there. One, during the quarter I think that is an area that was hurt more dramatically from the negative 
advertising and the negative press. That's what we believe. 

And two, we only more recently started to put more focus on that area, and it's going to take a little bit of time to ramp 
that up. It's not just how you advertise in that area. It's going into market where we hadn't been before. It's hiring the 
right kinds of people in that area. It's building corporate relationships where a number of those students come from 
historically. Historically areas where this company did a great job years ago, and we need to rebuild that and do it 
again. 

So that is definitely, Peter, a goal for us to grow master's and doctoral level students because we see a need there and 
we think we can, but it was difficult this quarter. We will focus and we will continue to put resource there, and 
hopefully we'll have some better results as we move along here. 

<Q - Peter Appert>: Got it. And then last thing maybe for Brian: if I'm reading these numbers right, I think on the 
buyback front, you did a lot in June and then looks like maybe you didn't do anything in July and August. Is there any 
particular reason why you would have dialed it back here at the end of the year? 

<A - Brian L. Swartz, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Peter, yeah, just to be clear, the share 
buyback numbers that I did mention in my prepared remarks we also disclosed last quarter, so it's the same amount. 
There was no activity in July and August. . 

As Greg mentioned earlier, we have been in the market obviously in the last three years, you know that, pretty 
aggressively and there's a lot of things we need to consider each and every time we go into the market and we consult 
with our lawyers accordingly to make those decisions and buy back when we can and when we believe it's the right 
thing to do. 

<Q - Peter Appert>: I'm sorry, is the implication then that there were some specific legal restrictions that kept you 
from buying? 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: There's a number of 
things we take into consideration every quarter, and as I said before, it's absolutely part of the conversation, it's part of 
the capital allocation of the company and it will be going forward. 

What happens month to month, I just want to reiterate what Brian said, Peter, there are a lot of things that we consider 
both globally, there can be things that can go on – when you say legally, there can be restrictions placed on us whether 
we can be in the market or not or information we might have or not have. So there's just a lot of things we consider, but 
it is absolutely part of the plan going forward. 

<Q - Peter Appert>: Got it. Good. Thank you. 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: Thank you. 

Operator 


Your next question comes from the line of Corey Greendale from First Analysis. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Corey Greendale>: Thanks for letting the call go long. Just a few questions for you. First of all, on the 
competitive front, given the shifts that you're making with the orientation program and given the administration's focus 
on community colleges, at this point would you see yourselves more as a competitor to community colleges or as a 
partner? And can you give us some sense of where you are at in terms of articulation agreements with community 
colleges? 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: I want to make one 
comment and ask Joe to comment as well. 

We absolutely view ourselves as a partner to community colleges. As I've said before, we get our very best students 
from community colleges and the fact that the Obama Administration is talking about investing in community college 
is good news for us because it's an incredibly important part of the system in higher education in this country. I have 
said that for the past 15 years and we need a strong community college system and I think we can be a great part of 
that. Joe, do you want to add to that specifically? 

<A - Joseph D'Amico>: I would echo those same comments and we have lots of articulation agreements and the key 
for us is making them more effective and that is what we're focused on and the group that came under one umbrella that 
focuses on corporations is also focused on the community college group as well. We are absolutely their partner and 
not their competitor. 

<Q - Corey Greendale>: Okay, great. And not sure that you can answer this question too definitively, but given your 
comments about the impact of adverse publicity, just anything you can say to give us some confidence that that is a 
temporary issue? That this isn't a reputation can be pretty hard to turn around and what can you do to counteract above 
and beyond your usual marketing and advertising to get, you know, views of University of Phoenix and the industry 
back on the right track? 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: We can allow our 
graduates to speak for themselves and to be the showcase for the University of Phoenix, which we will. And our proud 
alumni network, which they are, so that is the way to do it. You deliver, you give people a great education, and they 
make you look good out in the workforce. That's the way it works and we expect that to happen going forward. And to 
only be enhanced with the things we're doing to our university. 

<Q - Corey Greendale>: And I'll keep it quick, but one last one given what you're focused on this year, can you give 
us a sense of those of you on the call what your incentive compensation is tied to this year and qualitatively what the 
metrics are? 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: You mean for this 
coming year? 

<Q - Corey Greendale>: For fiscal '11, correct. 

<A - Brian L. Swartz, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: We expect to have our compensation 
tied – it's not been voted on by the Compensation Committee, but the discussion and our expectation is that it will be a 
mix of financial criteria and nonfinancial criteria. And those nonfinancial criteria we expect will include academic and 
student outcome sorts of numbers. 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: Tied to the things 
that we have been talking about on this call, Corey, that's what we want. 

<Q - Corey Greendale>: Thank you. 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: That's what we're 
driving to with our strategy and our plan. 

<Q - Corey Greendale>: Thanks. 


<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: Thank you. 

Operator 

The next question comes from the line of James Samford from Citigroup. Your line is now open. 

<Q - James Samford>: Thank you. I just wanted to revisit really quickly the marketing issues as far as advertising. 
When I look at this sort of first student acquisition cost up about 27% this quarter, should we think about this as 
primarily brand spend that had previously been committed or is it primarily lower efficiency or any kind of drop in 
demand that we're seeing? 

<A>: It is a combination of both. 

<Q - James Samford>: As far as the demand goes, have you seen any kind of – whether it's cyclical recovery or kind 
of drop in demand or is it still pretty robust and you're...? 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: As we said before, it 
is definitely more expensive to acquire a quality student through the channels. But with respect to your overall 
question, it is absolutely a combination of everything we talked about before, including the media. And that will 
hopefully normalize some. 

<Q - James Samford>: Yeah, I figured with the University Orientation program at some point that will normalize past 
that as well. I assume that we'll see sort of a step function increase in per student marketing throughout this year, and 
then stabilize beyond that? 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: Yeah, the branding is 
very important to us. You can see some of the branding obviously out in the public. We get our best students when they 
come to our website and when they do their research at the University of Phoenix website, which, by the way, is going 
to get better and more interesting throughout the year with new things and ways for potential students to evaluate the 
University of Phoenix. 

These are the students where we have the best retention, and that is where we want to drive our potential lead traffic 
and volume. 

<Q - James Samford>: One quick question on cyclicality in Europe. It sounds like they're still struggling in terms of a 
weak economy over there. As that recovers, should we expect BPP to be a little bit more cyclical than countercyclical? 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: Yes. Yes, if you look 
at their core business, and where the bulk of their revenues and profits come from, yes, it is a cyclical business. There 
are just simply less people sitting and studying for whether it's the CPA – their version of the CPA or legal exams or 
whatnot. It's just really challenging. We don't think we're losing market share. 

It's a great brand and we continue to invest heavily in the future of the university which is – we're really just getting off 
the ground. It is a wonderful management team. 

But that part of it, it's hard overall to fight that trend of what's happening economically there within their base business. 
And when the economy comes back, we expect that to come back with it. In the meantime, we'll control costs there as 
well. 

<A - Brian L. Swartz, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: James, it's Brian, just to add one other 
thing. It is a cyclical business, but it's generally a late stage cyclical businesses. I think that is an important concept 
because their CPA exam courses in the U.K. are similar to our CFA exam courses in the U.S. where they progress over 
two and three kind of exams. And so if you have lower intakes in any one year, you feel it even in the later years. I 
think that is an important concept I wanted to get across. 


<Q - James Samford>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line from Ariel Sokol from UBS. Your line is now open. 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: That was a good try, 
Ariel. 

<Q - Ariel Sokol>: That was a good try. Just revisiting the 90/10 question, the 90/10 calculation and questions 
regarding increasing tuition prices, how much would you have to increase tuition prices to ensure compliance with 
90/10? 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: We have never given 
out an exact metric for that. We have a number of things at our disposal that we are working with. We've talked about 
those in the past. We are working hard on those and pricing increase is just one area along with others. 

We are focused on it and we're mindful of it and, you know, we'll keep you updated as we go along for sure. 

<Q - Ariel Sokol>: And with respect then to the student mix, is it fair to say that 90/10 has been creeping up because of 
increase in associate's students or is it also because of bachelor's students? 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: It's certainly more 
from Associate because one of the things about 90/10 is the associate programs are less expensive and there is funding 
available that students can borrow for the programs and Pell as well. So it's an interesting question. There are things 
that we talked about that we're doing and hopefully we'll have people in the government and Congress look at this as 
well because we want to make sure that it's aligned with the overall goals. There's certain things out of our control in 
that area, so we'd like to make sure that the goals are aligned in this area. 

<Q - Ariel Sokol>: And one last question, what would the percent be of decline in new associate starts to comply with 
90/10? So let's say, for example, you are not enrolling new associate students anymore, would you then be able to 
comply with 90/10? 

<A - Brian L. Swartz, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, Ariel, it's Brian. It's not a 
function of new enrollments. It is more of a mix issue, so it's what students are not joining the university. It's a function 
of how much Pell they're taking, how much Title IV they're borrowing, so it is not purely a degree – a total enrollment 
reduction, it is more of a mix issue within the student body. 

<Q - Ariel Sokol>: Okay. Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Brandon Dobell from William Blair. Your line is now open. 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: Hi, Brandon. 

<Q - Brandon Dobell>: Hi guys, thanks. A couple of quick ones: first on BPP, given the impairment charge and the 
comments about the business, fair to assume that the losses in that business in fiscal '11 will outstrip what we saw in 
fiscal '10 or is there a sort of cost or expense management effort going on there as well? 

<A - Brian L. Swartz, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Hey, Brandon. First of all, we are 
watching our costs over there, number one. 

The other thing I would point out is in terms of their operating profit and loss because of the acquisition, we just 
finished the first year of the acquisition, there is reduced intangible amortization expense that is pretty significant, I 


think it's about $10 million. You'll be able to see it in the 10- K when we file it in a couple of weeks. But just because 
we have lapped the anniversary, we absolutely expect it to be – it will lose less money next year than it did this year. 

<Q - Brandon Dobell>: Any sense for when you guys may start to see some – I wouldn't call it material enrollments 
from that business from the post-secondary opportunity, but how do you expect, I guess, communicate that to us in 
terms of the impact it's having on the business or is there just going to be a couple of years before it's even material to 
the overall enrollment picture? 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: Brandon, we will 
keep you up to speed there. Right now it's a period of investment in the university. Everything that we see in the U.K. is 
positive from the perspective of, you know, having an organization like BPP to be able to provide a leadership role 
there, including the expectation that the caps are going to continue to go up there. 

I think they need help. In the U.K. they need diversification. They need organizations like ours and others to step up 
and to help with the issues that are going on. We are going to invest there and I would say that the university is 
absolutely ensuring the same type of quality as we get it off the ground and continue to grow it or grow it. And so 
rather than try to predict to you on this call where it is going to be a year or two years from now, we will update you as 
we move along there. 

Just know that we're serious about that effort and BPP. We're excited about it, we're investing in it and regardless of 
what short-term accounting rule makes you have to do, we're excited about the long-term prospects of the business. 
And hopefully at some point the economy will improve there some as well for the base business. 

<Q - Brandon Dobell>: And turning over to UOP for a second, given the comments that you made, Greg, about UOP 
bachelor starts maybe going negative here in the near term, the implication would be that there is a – at least from my 
perspective, a larger population of bachelor students that came in with less than 24 credits. Any way to size that for us 
and is that a bigger issue than it used to be a couple of years ago? Is there an effort in place to try and change that mix 
so that you've got fewer of those less than 24 credit hour bachelor students? Trying to get a sense of how big an impact 
that is versus what it used to be. 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: Brandon, I will just 
reiterate what we said last quarter. There are more students that have come into the bachelor program with less than 24 
credit hours. We're not targeting students that are coming into the bachelor's program specifically with less than 24 
credit hours. It just is, I think we're a pretty good laboratory for what's happening in the country. And there are more 
students that have come into the bachelor's program with less than 24 credit hours. 

We are still getting our share of students, students that are coming in with half their program done that are completing 
their degree and whatnot, but I would say, you know, you're right that there were more students and there still are that 
are coming in with fewer than 24 credit hours and they are subject to student orientation as well. 

The other thing I would just point out is our ground operation has been growing as well in that area. 

<Q - Brandon Dobell>: And then finally, there's a company we also follow, National American gave some pretty 
specific spending data points around what the Senate Health Panel request for information cost them this previous 
quarter and the current quarter. Any sense of how much money you guys – or what it took to get all that data back to 
the Senate panel? 

<A - Brian L. Swartz, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, Brandon, I don't have the exact 
number, but it certainly wasn't a huge number that's in our P&L, but it was not insignificant. I don't know the exact 
number, though. 

<Q - Brandon Dobell>: Okay, all right guys, appreciate it. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: Thank you, Brandon. 


<A - Allyson Pooley, Vice President, Investor Relations>: And while the operator is calling the next person, I just 
want to say, we do have quite a few people left in the queue, and we'd really like to get to all of you. We're going on an 
hour and 15 minutes here, so I'd really appreciate if you guys could limit your questions to one, and we'll try to stay as 
long as possible to get to everyone's questions. Operator, who's our next one, please? 

Operator 

Your next question is Jeff Silber from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Jeff Silber>: For that caveat, I wish you'd done that earlier, but so be it. I'll ask my one question. [inaudible] one 
of the areas you did not mention was the military focus. Can you just tell us what your military exposure is right now, 
and is it one area that you might be avoiding because there is some speculation that maybe those fundings might be 
included in some sort of a 90/10? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: Thanks, Jeff. We're 
not at all avoiding the military. We're very proud of serving the military. And it's some of our best students. And they're 
some that need our type of offerings the most. So there's been an emphasis as opposed to a de-emphasis on that 
segment of the population. 

<Q - Jeff Silber>: Again, I'm sorry. What's your exposure there? 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: I don't know what 
you mean by exposure, but we don't discuss 


<Q - Jeff Silber>: Percentage of enrollments? 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: We don't disclose 
that. 

<Q - Jeff Silber>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Amy Junker from Robert W. Baird. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Amy Junker>: Great, thanks. Greg, I was just hoping that you could talk a little bit more about the impact to your 
reputation. Do you think that that's coming more from University of Phoenix specific stories like the "Good Morning, 
America" piece that came out, or is that overall just a focus on for profits and people are making that connection 
because you guys are the biggest? 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: Amy, I think it's a 
little of both. I mean as the biggest player in the space, we definitely were profiled more than anybody else, but that is 
what it is, and the way we can control that is to absolutely always do the right thing for our students and for our 
employees and we are very, very focused on that. So we believe that that reputational damage is fixable. And we're 
very focused on it going forward. Hopefully it will take care of itself. 

<Q - Amy Junker>: And just a direct follow-up to that is, when you hear of these stories or instances where there are 
undercover operations, I mean are you taking fast action? Are you firing those people immediately? Can you get to the 
bottom of it, if it really is just a rogue enrollment counselor or advisor or if it's something that's being – obviously not 
top-down, but a next layer up that's having that impact? Do you have a sense of that? 

<A - Charles B. Edelstein, Co-Chief Executive Officer>: Well, Amy, whether it's in connection with one of those 
stories or other vehicles, I mean we don't rely on those. We have lots of processes in place to identify areas, and when 
we see an area where someone's doing something that they shouldn't be doing, we definitely take very swift action to 


respond to that. We do not tolerate our people saying the wrong thing or certainly breaching compliance rules. So that's 

– we're very clear with our folks, not only in training, but in how we monitor and respond to a bad action. 
<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: And we also look at 
the management over those people to understand whether or not there's a different kind of issue that needs to be dealt 
with. And we have been diligent about investigating and also swift to action. 

<A - Charles B. Edelstein, Co-Chief Executive Officer>: We are now monitoring over 30,000 conversations a day. 

<Q - Amy Junker>: Perfect, thanks, guys. 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Arvind Bhatia from Sterne Agee. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Arvind Bhatia>: Thank you very much. I just had a quick question on your Institute for Professional 
Development and the impact of the changing incentive comp structure on that particular division of yours? 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: We have focused on 
that and have plans in place to make changes to be compliant with what we believe the Neg Regs will turn out and have 
been working on that for quite some time. 

<Q - Arvind Bhatia>: Can you quantify that a little bit? 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: Not really. We're – 
we'll be needing to revise contracts with the schools that we're involved with, and that's a discussion and a negotiation. 

<Q - Arvind Bhatia>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Kelly Flynn from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Kelly Flynn>: Hi, thanks for taking my question. So I'm interested in trying to understand the run rate for 
expenses, so I was wondering if you could just hit on the selling and promotional line, the G&A line and the bad debt 
and kind of – they were all up a lot in the fourth quarter sequentially. I mean should we be run rating those roughly or 
expecting some moderation on an absolute basis but increases on a percentage basis? 

<A - Brian L. Swartz, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Kelly, it's Brian; I mean let me try to 
help you with that a little bit. Some of our costs are variable in nature. As I mentioned earlier, things like faculty. Some 
of the other costs are variable nature, but they take – they're not directly variable with one dollar of revenue, so they 
can all be reduced over time. And the question is how quickly if necessary we need to take action to some of these costs 
out. 

The one thing I will highlight, which you will see in the numbers, is in the G&A specifically. It is up pretty 
substantially sequentially from Q3 to Q4, it's up about $10 million. Some of that is wages. There's also some costs in 
there, consulting costs related to the broader IT capital spend that we'll be making over the next year, year and a half 
kind of thing to address more infrastructure items. So that's another item that drove some of that cost up and can 
certainly continue into the next couple of quarters. So hopefully that helps you a little bit. 

<Q - Kelly Flynn>: Okay. Could you do anymore on selling and promo? I mean I know you think it will be elevated, 
but should it go down on an absolute basis but stay high on a percentage basis? 


<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: We are not providing 
guidance on that, Kelly, but we will be every quarter looking at our spend levels in each category and managing those 
spend levels accordingly. 

<Q - Kelly Flynn>: Okay, makes sense. Thank you. 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Suzi Stein from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Suzi Stein>: Hi, can you just be a little more specific about the change in the compensation plans? I guess I'm just 
not clear on the specific metrics that you're going to use, and is the overall compensation expense on a kind of per 
advisor basis going to go up or down as a result of this? 

<A - Joseph D'Amico>: I missed the last part of your question there. Can you say that again? 

<Q - Suzi Stein>: For the enrollment counselors as they look at their kind of an average for salaries, are we expecting 
that to go up or down as a result of the changes? Are you going to have to pay them more given that you can't 
compensate them on a per enrollment basis? 

<A - Joseph D'Amico>: Okay, thanks, I got it. So Suzi, what we do is we actually look at the market for those roles 
and responsibilities and we also look at the performance over time, and so we'll make adjustments if, in fact, based on 
that comparison, and we're doing that as we speak. We'll make adjustments if, in fact, somebody needs a market 
adjustment. We do that for all of our employees actually. So that's point one. 

And the second point is that we'll compensate them fairly for the role that they're playing. And the key, as we said 
earlier, is there's absolutely nothing in their evaluation that relates to new enrollment. And most of the evaluation is 
done on competency and also the student experience that they're creating. 

We're not going beyond that right now. I think some of this is actually kind of proprietary and our people are very 
excited about the changes that we're making, at least most of them, and we're excited about it. 

<Q - Suzi Stein>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: Thanks, Suzi. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Scott Schneeberger>: ...I think on both. You mentioned CapEx could double in 2011 relative to 2010, just 
curious what type of tail will extend on that into – I'm sorry; 2011, 2010 and how that will look into 2012? 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: Got it. It will really 
just depend on how fast we deploy the capital. And it's obviously a lot of money and tied to hardware principally and 
networking gear. We expect it to execute on it in 2011 but if some of it shifts into 2012 as the year progresses, we'll let 
you know. 

<Q - Scott Schneeberger>: Thanks. And also, any updates with regard to the SEC inquiry on revenue recognition? 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: No. 

Operator 


Your last question comes from the line of Bob Wetenhall from RBC. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Robert Wetenhall>: Thank you. The 40% decline in new starts next quarter, is there any way you can break that 
down between the weaker demand versus efforts to increase entrance standards from the University Orientation 
program? 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: Bob, not really. I 
mean, a good portion of what's happening here as student orientation goes into effect is we're going to be delaying their 
entrance and as I said in my remarks about 20%, if it follows the pilot, will self-select out, so that's a major issue, along 
with the other things that we talked about that are going on in the marketplace right now. 

<Q - Robert Wetenhall>: Can you frame it differently once the orientation program is normalized, what do you expect 
a more normal run rate would be for enrollment growth once that occurs? 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: I am not sure 
whether you heard our comments up front, but we're not providing guidance on enrollment growth right now. 

What we said is we hope to get back to growth for operating profit growth in 2012 at some point during the fiscal year. 
And in the meantime, we are very, very focused on the major initiatives that we set out in this conferences call and our 
prepared remarks. We will absolutely try to provide color around how we're progressing on those important areas and 
metrics so you can help gauge whether we're having success or not in those areas. 

<Q - Robert Wetenhall>: Fair enough. Thanks very much. 

<A - Gregory W. Cappelli, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Apollo Global, Inc.>: Thank you. 

Operator 

There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Chas Edelstein for closing 
comments. 

Charles B. Edelstein, Co-Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, operator, and on behalf of the senior management team of Apollo Group, we would like to thank our 
shareholders, our dedicated employees and our hardworking students and alumni for being a vital part of our 
community. We're committed to you and to the vitally important mission of our universities. 

Thanks so much. 

Operator 

That concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 


© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


