Q3 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Kristin Southey, Vice President, Investor Relations 
• Robert A. Kotick, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Thomas Tippl, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Corporate Officer 
• Michael J. Griffith, President and Chief Executive Officer of Activision Publishing 
• Michael Morhaime, President and Chief Executive Officer of Blizzard Entertainment 
Other Participants 

• Mark Wienkes 
• Heath Terry 
• Jeetil Patel 
• Benjamin Schachter 
• Brian Pitz 
• Shawn Milne 
• Justin Post 
• Eric Handler 
• Doug Creutz 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Activision Blizzard's Third Quarter fiscal 2009 Earnings Conference Call. 
Today's call is being recorded. 

At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Senior Vice President of 
Investor Relations, Ms. Kristin Southey. Please go ahead. 

Kristin Southey, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today for the Activision Blizzard's third quarter 2009 conference call. 
With me today are Bobby Kotick, our CEO; Thomas Tippl, Chief Corporate Officer and CFO; Mike Griffith, President 
and CEO of Activision Publishing; and Mike Morhaime, Chief Executive Officer of Blizzard Entertainment. 

I'd like to remind everyone that we will be making statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking 
statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties. As indicated in 
the slide that is now showing, a number of important factors could cause the company's actual future results and other 
future circumstances to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. 

Such factors include without limitation sales levels, shifts in consumer spending and demand, macroeconomic 
conditions, the seasonal and cyclical nature of our markets, difficulties related to World of Warcraft in China, declines 
in pricing, product returns, price protections, product delays, competition, rapid changes in technology, protection of 
proprietary rights, litigation, maintenance of key relationships, counter-party risks, foreign exchange rates and 
identification and execution of acquisitions. 


These important factors and other factors that potentially could affect the company's financial results are described in 
the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2008 and subsequently filed quarterly 
reports on Form 10-Q. The company may change its intentions, belief, or expectation at any time and without notice 
based upon any changes in such factors in the company's assumptions or otherwise. The company undertakes no 
obligation to release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after 
today, November 5, 2009, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 

I would also like to note that certain numbers we will be presenting today will be made on a non-GAAP basis 
excluding the impact of the change in deferred net revenues and related cost of sales, expenses related to equity-based 
compensation costs, the operating results of products and operations from the historical Vivendi Games businesses that 
the company has exited or is winding down, one-time costs related to the business combination between Activision and 
Vivendi Games, the amortization of intangibles, and the changes in cost of sales resulting from purchase price 
accounting adjustments, and the associated tax benefits. Please refer to our earnings release for a full GAAP to 
non-GAAP reconciliation. 

In addition, due to the fact that our business combination was accounted for as a reverse acquisition, we will be 
presenting additional non-GAAP information that includes Activision's stand-alone results for the periods prior to July 
9, 2008, which we refer to as a non-GAAP comparable basis. Please refer to our earnings release, which is posted on 
our website at www.activisionblizzard.com, for reconciliations and further explanations. 

I would also like to highlight that beginning last quarter, we added a PowerPoint overview which you can access with 
the webcast and which will be posted on the website following the call. 

And now I would like to introduce our CEO, Bobby Kotick. 

Robert A. Kotick, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Kristin, and thank you all for joining us today. We're pleased to report that Activision Blizzard delivered 
another quarter of better-than-expected financial results. While the results for the quarter were better than we 
anticipated, we still remain cautious of the many variables that can affect industry fundamentals our own market 
performance. Macroeconomic risk and market volatility continue and consumer spending remains a significant concern 
as unemployment remains at historic highs. 

We are, however, very well positioned for this holiday season, with the strongest lineup in the industry anchored by 
four of the top-selling franchises in the history of video games: Guitar Hero, Tony Hawk, Call of Duty, and of course, 
World of Warcraft. 

We have always sought to create the best entertainment experiences for our consumers and this year's slate delivers like 
never before. Guitar Hero 5 and DJ Hero both recently launched with very high ratings. DJ Hero brings the most 
unique and exiting innovations yet to the genre with entirely new music, game play and peripherals. 

And just two days ago, we launched Band Hero in North America, our first E-rated product in the genre and one that 
responds to a consistent demand from all of our audiences for pop music. Mike Griffith will discuss these and other 
Guitar Hero trends in more detail later in the call. 

But speaking broadly, what these launches show is that the music genre still has room for growth as long as we 
continue to deliver high quality, highly innovative products to our gaming audiences and that there remain many 
untouched consumers, both by genre and geography who are interested in this category. 

Dan Rosensweig is off to a great start as the new head of this business and we're excited to enter the holiday selling 
season with him at the helm. Our upcoming Tony Hawk game continues our focus on innovation with a revolutionary 
physical interface, responding to gamers' demands for an actual interactive skateboard on which players can have an 
actual skating experience. We made our largest investment ever in this franchise, including over two years of polishing 
and refining the hardware and software, and we are very excited for the Tony Hawk Ride launch in two weeks. 


In five days, we'll release Call of Duty: Modern Warfare II. We expect the game to receive some of the highest ratings 
in Activision Publishing's history and we're on track for the largest video game launch of all time. 

In fact, it's likely to be one of the largest entertainment launches of any media of all time. We believe that the incredible 
entertainment experience Infinity Ward has created could lead to a record level of consumption in both the revenues 
and hours played as compared to many other forms of entertainment. 

Lastly, World of Warcraft continues to attract millions of online subscribers and Blizzard is making significant 
investments in its global customer service initiatives. Having already achieved best-in-class service, Blizzard is now 
focused on becoming best in world. 

We expect this kind of investment, coupled with the recent highly successful relaunch of World of Warcraft in China, 
to deepen an already unparalleled massively multiplayer experience for our audiences and provide us with an even 
more compelling game experience compared to whatever the competition might develop. Mike Morhaime will share 
more about these initiatives later in the call. 

You'll notice a common theme across our key titles. We believe each title delivers an unmatched game experience, 
which results from significant investments made possible by our strong balance sheet, solid cash position, operational 
capabilities, and scale. Each requires a level of investment many of our competitors aren't committed to or capable of 
making. And each creates a rich interactive experience for our player communities, creating sustainable long-term 
value for our shareholders in these franchises. 

This strong slate is a result of the hard work and dedication of the most talented group of employees in our industry and 
in particular, the best production studios in all of video games. I cannot thank our teams often enough for their 
outstanding efforts and contributions. The strength of our slate enables us to keep our outlook for the calendar year and 
reinforces our belief that we are better positioned than any of our competitors to capture the interest of the consumer 
this holiday shopping season. 

We recognize that significant market uncertainty remains and we do remain concerned about consumer spending in our 
categories and overall. However, unlike most of our competitors, we have a diversified product portfolio of highly rated 
games from the industry's best videos focused on core gamer audiences and we have the extensive resources to 
continue to invest in the deep and rich gaming experiences that our audiences value most. 

This type of focus should allow us to deliver earnings growth and margin expansion as we have for many years. We 
also benefit by being the leader in subscription-based online games which significantly reduces our risk profile as 
compared to many of our competitors. Today, more than 50% of our operating income comes from outside the console 
and handheld market and the vast majority of our revenues are based on proven, wholly-owned internally developed 
games, which can also lead to more predictable results. 

Our market position and global footprint continue to expand. We have grown our U.S. and European market share 
year-to-date and we expect to exit the year in an even stronger position. These advantages are all the result of providing 
the best possible games to our audiences. 

Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Thomas Tippl, who'll provide a review of Activision Blizzard's strong financial 
results for quarter and review our outlook for the balance of 2009. Thomas? 

Thomas Tippl, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Corporate Officer 

Thank you, Bobby. For today, I'll begin with a recap of our September quarter results, and then I will [inaudible] 
calendar 2009. Before I get into the numbers, I'd like to remind everyone that due to reverse merger accounting, our 
historical GAAP financials are those of Vivendi Games only. Activision's results are only included as of the date of the 
merger July 9, 2008. 


In order to help you with your analysis of our results, we have included in our press release a set of schedules which 
provide non-GAAP comparables by business segment, and these will be the numbers that I will refer to unless 
otherwise noted. Also, please refer to our earnings release for a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation. 

For the third quarter, GAAP net revenues were 703 million. GAAP operating income was 9 million and earnings per 
share was $0.01. On a non-GAAP basis, September quarter net revenues were 755 million, which is 55 million higher 
than our prior outlook. Non-GAAP operating income was 75 million and non-GAAP EPS was $0.04, $0.01 ahead of 
our outlook. Our performance was driven primarily by continued sales of our three wholly-owned franchises, World of 
Warcraft, Guitar Hero and Call of Duty and our new releases, Guitar Hero 5, Marvel Ultimate Alliance 2, and 
Wolfenstein and our third map pack for Call of Duty: World at War. 

Net revenues for September quarter were down only slightly versus the prior year despite the negative impact from FX, 
lower distribution revenues, and World of Warcraft being offline in China for most of the quarter. Non-GAAP EPS was 
down year-over-year for the reasons I just mentioned and increased marketing and customer service investments as 
well as significantly lower interest income. 

With respect to specific line items, I will refer only to non-GAAP numbers. In the September quarter, non-GAAP 
product costs, including cost of sales for MMOGs were 34% of net revenues, about in line with our outlook. 
Non-GAAP product creation costs, which include software royalties and amortization, intellectual property licenses, 
and product development were 28% of net revenues. Non-GAAP sales and marketing expense was 17%, and 
non-GAAP G&A was 10% of net revenues. 

In total non-GAAP operating expenses came in as expected at 56% for the quarter. Our effective non-GAAP tax rate 
was 29%, lower than anticipated as we continue to benefit from growth in international geographies which are subject 
to lower taxes. 

Now turning to the balance sheet, on September 30, we had no debt and approximately 2.7 billion in cash and 
investments. This quarter, we repurchased 290 million worth of stock. As of quarter-end, we were about three quarter 
through our 1.25 billion authorization and in total, have purchased about 89 million shares for $960 million. 

Now let me turn to our other key balance sheet positions. The accounts receivable balance was 228 million on 
September 30, a decrease of 41 million versus the prior quarter-end. We continue to put significant focus against 
customer credit risk management in light of the current economic environment. 

Inventories on September 30 came in at 351 million. As expected this was up versus the prior quarter as we started to 
build for our big holiday launches. As compared to the prior year, inventories were down 26 million. 

At quarter-end, capitalized software development costs were 268 million, an increase of 21 million versus prior quarter. 
Of the 268 million, approximately 55 million is related to deferrals for online enabled games. Capitalized intellectual 
property costs were 65 million, up 9 million versus the balance on June 30. 

So in summary, our balance sheet remains strong and puts us in an excellent position to capitalize on investment 
opportunities for long-term growth. 

Before turning to our financial outlook, I'd like to highlight a few items. Our outlook is subject to significant risks and 
uncertainties, including the clients and demand for our products, fluctuations and foreign exchange rates and tax rates, 
counterparty risks relating to customers, licensees, licensors and manufacturers and the risks relating to the ongoing 
ability of Blizzard licensee NetEase to commercially operate the World of Warcraft in China without interruption. 

Our outlook is also based on assumptions about sell-through rates for our products and the launch timing, success and 
pricing of our new slate of products. And current macroeconomic conditions increase those risks and uncertainties. As 
a result of these and other factors, actual results may deviate materially from the outlook presented today. 

So now onto the company's outlook, today, our outlook for calendar '09 remains unchanged. We expect GAAP net 
revenues of 4.05 billion and GAAP EPS of $0.26 per share and non-GAAP net revenues of 4.5 billion and non-GAAP 
EPS of $0.63. 


For the calendar year, we expect GAAP product costs, including MMOG of approximately 35% of net revenues and 
operating expenses, including royalties of about 55% of net revenues. We project a GAAP effective tax rate of about 
19% and a diluted share count of about 1.33 billion. 

On a non-GAAP basis, we expect product costs of 37%, which is a significant improvement over the prior year, driven 
by cost reductions for Guitar Hero hardware and mixed shift to software for the franchise. Gross manufacturing 
margins should also expand due to smaller contributions to our business mix from our distribution and co-publishing 
businesses, which carry a much higher cost of goods. 

We expect non-GAAP operating expenses including royalties of almost 38% of net revenues. This is higher than a 
higher year ago due to our larger publishing slate which includes a number of new properties, resulting in higher 
product creation cost and higher sales and marketing expense year over year. 

Also, as we mentioned on our last call, Blizzard is increasing their investments in product development and customer 
service to drive long-term growth. For the calendar year, we expect a non-GAAP record operating margin of about 
26%, one step closer to achieving our long-term goal of 30%. We expect our effective non-GAAP tax rate to be in the 
range of 29% and expect a diluted share count of 1.33 billion. 

Now moving to the December quarter, this quarter, our slate includes Bakugan, DJ Hero, Band Hero, Call of Duty, 
Modern Warfare 2, and Tony Hawk Ride. For the quarter, we expect GAAP net revenues of approximately 1.33 billion. 
We expect GAAP product costs of 38% of net revenues and operating expenses including royalties of about 62%. We 
project a share count of 1.27 billion and GAAP loss per share of $0.04. 

We expect non-GAAP net revenues of 2.22 billion for the quarter. Net revenues should be down slightly versus the 
prior year as we lap Blizzard's highly successful Wrath of the Lich King launch in November of '08. For the quarter, net 
revenues and operating margin for Activision publishing are expected to be up year-over-year driven by our strong 
slate, particularly the expected Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 blockbuster performance and higher margins on our 
music titles compared to last year. 

For the December quarter, we expect non-GAAP EPS of $0.43. We expect EPS to be up significantly versus the prior 
year due to improved revenue mix for the publishing business and a lower expected tax rate. We expect non-GAAP 
product costs of 36%, non-GAAP operating expenses of 28% and a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 31%. We also 
project a diluted share count of about 1.3 billion. 

Looking ahead to 2010, we will give guidance as we usually do on our fiscal year-end call. We are currently in the 
midst of our annual planning process and as always the holiday season results and market trends need to be 
incorporated into our outlook for next year. 

Having said that, you should expect us to focus on the following key building blocks for profitable growth in 2010. 
First, we expect 2010 will be driven by growth from Blizzards, as we intend to launch StarCraft II and Battle.net and 
continue to invest in growth of World of Warcraft with the Cataclysm expansion pack, value-added services and strong 
operating performance in China. 

Second, in 2010 Activision Publishing is expected to release a strong product line of innovative new titles. The 
diversified line-up will include among others, titles based on the best-selling franchises in the company's history 
including Call of Duty, Guitar Hero, Tony Hawk, Shrek and Spiderman, and a select few new intellectual properties 
such as Blur and Singularity and a strong catalogue based on our top sellers of 2009. 

Third, we expect to increase the operating income contribution of our music business as the product mix continues to 
shift from hardware towards software. And finally, we will continue our cost containment efforts in order to expand 
operating margins while investing in our product pipeline. 

So, I will now turn things over to Mike Griffith, President and CEO of Activision Publishing, who will provide his 
thoughts on the holiday quarter. 


Michael J. Griffith, President and Chief Executive Officer of Activision 
Publishing 

Thank you, Thomas, and good afternoon. Today I'll focus my comments on the hardware and software markets and 
also a review of the key drivers for our holiday quarter. 

Starting with the review of the market, on September 30, the installed base of hardware in North America and Europe 
for current generation systems and handhelds was 188 million units, an increase of 47% year-over-year. This quarter, 
we got the much needed hardware price cuts on the PS3 and Wii. The PS3 price cut helped deliver a healthy pick-up in 
the PS3 software sales in the month of September. As for Nintendo, they've cut hardware prices everywhere except the 
UK and it's still too early to determine what the impact has been overall. For calendar 2009, our expected increases for 
hardware in North America and Europe are that console units will be up approximately 30 million units and handhelds 
up about 21 million units, for a total 51 million unit-increase in the installed base for the year. 

Turning to software, third quarter software sales in the U.S. and Europe were weaker than expected driven mainly by 
lower-than-anticipated sales on the Nintendo platforms and catalog games. For the fourth quarter, we expect that 
software sales in the U.S. and Europe will be more or less flat year over year. Our software outlook is based on the 
assumption that retailers will hold AAA launch pricing throughout the holiday season as we've seen so far. 

It's important to note that over the past few years, the sell-through for U.S. and European software has been fairly 
consistent, with about 15% of sales for the quarter coming in October, 35% in November and 50% in December. And 
this highlights that the opportunities as well as much of the risk is expected to be back-loaded in the quarter, consistent 
with expected consumer buying patterns. Overall, retailers continue to be selective with their open-to-buy dollars and 
have taken a cautious approach to inventories. We believe that we'll see a similar scenario play out as last year, where 
retailers will chase the winners and that the top titles this quarter will benefit disproportionately. 

This quarter we're launching the most exciting and innovative slate that we've ever had and we've never been better 
positioned at retail or competitively. In the U.S. and Europe, retailers have allocated more square footage to our 
products than ever before, significantly expanding our global footprint. As an example, we have integrated more than 
15,000 demo kiosks in the U.S. alone. And Toys "R" Us is featuring Activision's holiday games and demo kiosks in a 
dedicated store-within-a-store section in nearly 600 stores across the U.S. and Europe. This is indicative of the kind of 
progress we continue to make in store, where the consumer makes their final choice and we feel very secure with 
retailer launch support we're receiving this season. 

This along with other elements of our execution is an important factor contributing to our share gains. In fact, this 
quarter Activision increased its U.S. share alone by 3.1 points over the prior year to 13.3%. Also during the quarter, we 
had two of the top 10 best-selling franchises in the U.S. with Guitar Hero and Call of Duty. 

In the month of September, we had two top 10 titles, Guitar Hero 5 and Marvel's Ultimate Alliance 2 and quarterly 
sales from downloadable content were strong, driven by the Call of Duty: World at War map packs, which have sold 
more than 7.5 million units year-to-date. 

In the month of September, we also saw a strong resurgence of the music category in the U.S. and Europe behind new 
product launches, demonstrating significant consumer demand for music games. Prior to September, the music genre 
was down year-over-year driven by a continued mix shift towards software, reflecting the higher hardware installed 
base and a lower repurchase rate among the more casual consumers who came into the franchise through the Nintendo 
platforms. 

We find that our gamer consumers who play on Microsoft Xbox 360 or Sony's PS3 platforms, continue to be very 
engaged and in fact, consumer sell-through on these platforms for the Guitar Hero franchise is up a full 20% year over 
year for 2009 to date across the U.S. and Europe. And more importantly, year to date, the Guitar Hero franchise was the 
number one third-party franchise overall in North America and Europe. 


New this year is our segmentation of our music business into three hero brands, Guitar Hero 5, DJ Hero and Band 
Hero, to capture different audiences and exploit different genres more effectively. We launched Guitar Hero 5, our first 
major music title of the year, in early September. Guitar Hero 5 is targeted against rock enthusiasts. The game features 
the largest selection of guitar-centric rock songs ever in a game and sports new game play innovation, with its drop-in, 
drop-out party feature and the game's been rewarded with very high review scores in the 85 to 90 range. Guitar Hero 5 
has sold to date about equal units worldwide to the Beatles game, establishing a good competitive start with two more 
Hero games to go in the quarter. We're especially encouraged with our progress in Europe, where Guitar Hero was the 
number one third-party franchise in the quarter. 

On October 27th, we released DJ Hero, which introduced radical innovation with the turntable controller and is our first 
step at diversifying beyond hard rock into the rapidly growing genres of hip hop, rap, and electronica to broaden our 
user base. The game ratings and reviews have been excellent, also in the 85 to 90 range. This new property should 
continue to gain momentum into the holiday season where it's expected to sell the majority of its units. We just started 
our media campaign during the World Series and we have a strong retail support planned throughout the holidays with 
powerful demo displays nationwide. As expected, we sold in all we could produced at launch and we're now focusing 
on sell-through and replenishment orders for the holidays and beyond. 

Band Hero launched just two days ago in the U.S. and delivers an exciting new music collection featuring top 40 hits 
designed to appeal to broad family audiences. It's also highly reviewed, 85+, and it's our first E-rated music game and 
features pop sensations such as Taylor swift and Maroon 5. 

Band Hero will be showcased on the Oprah Winfrey Show for two episodes entitled Oprah's Karaoke Challenge. The 
shows will air today and on November 12th. Band Hero is the exclusive sponsor of these shows and will be shown in 
segments with audience members performing and playing Band Hero. 

So as we plan ahead, this segmentation between Guitar Hero, DJ Hero, and Band Hero gives us a solid foundation to 
establish and build stronger loyalty among different segments of the genre. As we focus on maximizing consumer sales 
in the periods ahead, we're also acutely focused on expanding operating margin as well as the absolute profitability of 
the franchise. 

Now on to the rest of our holiday line-up. On October 20th, we launched Bakugan Battle Brawlers, one of the most 
anticipated kids' titles that leverages the popularity of the award winning toy line in television show. This title will be 
focused on holiday gifts and given its mass market appeal and the expected strong sales of the toy line, we expect this 
to sell well throughout the quarter. 

In mid-November, we'll launch Tony Hawk Ride in the U.S., the UK, and Germany. The game lets consumers 
experience the thrill of skating like a pro with a physical interface of a realistic-looking and feeling skateboard 
controller. To satisfy initial demand this holiday season, we'll only ship the game in three territories. We're very excited 
about the new direction of the Tony Hawk brand and the possibilities afforded by this innovation hardware platform. 

And in just five days, we'll launch what's expected to be the largest game of 2009 with Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 
for the consoles and PC. Modern Warfare 2 set a new record for pre-orders and the $149 prestige edition, which 
included the night vision goggles, quickly sold out everywhere. The game delivers an unprecedented cinematic look 
and feel that truly blurs the line between movies and games, which few games can match as well as offering all new 
online multiplayer modes. With a significantly higher installed base of consoles, we expect that Modern Warfare 2 will 
once again set new records for online play. 

Retailers are strongly supporting this title, with a number of retailers running TV campaigns dedicated to Modern 
Warfare 2. We're also partnering with 12 different retailers to host over 10,000 midnight store openings in North 
America alone. Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 could be the top selling title this holiday and we expect the global user 
base will continue to build over the next year as word of mouth goes truly mass market and the installed base of 
hardware continues to grow. In addition, we believe downloadable content will continue to keep current players 
engaged while also attracting new consumers to the brand. 


While this holiday season is a challenging one, we have a great line-up, supported by our strongest retail marketing 
programs ever and unquestionably we're well positioned competitively. As we look to 2010, we'll benefit from 
continued growth in the installed base and projected robust catalogue sales from the strong foundation we're laying this 
holiday season with our overall slate. We'll also have strong new releases for our core franchises like the Hero brands, 
Call Of Duty, Tony Hawk and Spiderman just to name a few. 

We'll also enter new segments with Blur for racing and the new IP we'll talk more about later in the in the $4 billion 
action genre. And we'll continue to step up online monetization with downloadable content on our strongest franchises 
and exploration of significant new online business models. We look forward to sharing more specific 2010 details with 
you on our next call. 

And now, I'd like to introduce and welcome Mike Morhaime, CEO of Blizzard. 

Michael Morhaime, President and Chief Executive Officer of Blizzard 
Entertainment 

Thank you, Mike. First I will discuss Blizzard Entertainment's Q3 performance and then I'll offer a broad picture on our 
recent activity and our product plans for next year. 

On the top line, revenues for the quarter were down slightly versus prior year. In Q3, foreign exchange rates continued 
to negatively impact us, just as they have through the first half of the year. The quarter was also impacted by the 
transition of our China business to our new partner NetEase. Though the transition took longer than expected, we are 
happy to report that World of Warcraft has been back online in China since the re-launch on September 19, following 
the free beta period lasting seven weeks. 

Our operating income was $116 million, down as compared to the prior year due to the items I just mentioned and as 
we continue to enhance our service and development infrastructure in preparation for future titles. Additionally, we 
increased our marketing investments to maintain momentum for our games through the summer months. 

In spite of those challenges, the World of Warcraft business continued to be strong with our global subscribership 
increasing versus the same quarter last year. This is encouraging, especially considering the impact of the economy – 
that the economy has had on many industries. We feel that this reflects the exceptional entertainment value our players 
receive from World of Warcraft. 

Now I'd like to discuss some of our operational highlights from the quarter. The response we've received following the 
re-launch of World of Warcraft in China has been very positive. In fact, we hit our all-time peak concurrency in the 
region after the re-launch, indicating that the popularity for World of Warcraft in China has never been stronger. 

We are currently working towards the release of Wrath of the Lich King in China, having recently resubmitted the 
expansion there for an approval review. Given the success that we've seen with the re-launch, we are expecting the new 
content to help drive further growth of World of Warcraft in China. 

I also want to discuss our fourth BlizzCon, which was held in August and was the biggest and best show we've ever put 
on for our players. The demand for tickets was so high that only those who managed to join the online queue within the 
first minute were able to buy tickets. We hosted more than 20,000 attendees and 500 press with tens of thousands more 
watching via pay-per-view. We view BlizzCon as a great opportunity for us to connect with our players and collect 
feedback on our games. At this BlizzCon, we revealed our next World of Warcraft expansion, Cataclysm. 

We also gave everyone a first look at the new version of Battle.net, the online gaming service we are integrating with 
StarCraft II. The Cataclysm announcement generated a lot of excitement with our players and the media. Based on the 
playable demos on the show floor, the early feedback on the new content and features has been very positive. Progress 
on the game is coming along well and we are targeting a 2010 release of Cataclysm. We also had some exciting 
announcements at BlizzCon about Battle.net. 


On our last call, I mentioned that our vision for Battle.net is ambitious and that we are building the service to be the 
premier online gaming destination. Since all of our games going forward will use the service, we see Battle.net as a 
cornerstone for our future. One of the primary goals of Battle.net is to connect the Blizzard Entertainment community. 
At BlizzCon, we talked about how Battle.net will offer players advanced communication features. These will allow 
World of Warcraft players to chat with friends who may be playing StarCraft II or who may be playing World of 
Warcraft on different realms. 

By breaking down communication barriers across our games and across realms, we make it easier for friends and 
family to stay connected while playing Blizzard Entertainment games. We hope this will help even more players 
experience and enjoy our games in the years ahead. We're also making it easier to find friends who may be playing on 
the service by improving our user search functionality. 

Another exciting Battle.net feature we discussed is the StarCraft marketplace. This will be a post-launch feature for the 
game and for Battle.net. The marketplace will let players who create premium content sell their maps and campaigns 
over the service, in much the same way developers can create and sell applications for the iPhone in the iTunes App 
Store. 

I want to emphasize that this will not be available for the initial launch of StarCraft II. There is so much work to do and 
many details to finalize, but we do believe that the marketplace will enhance StarCraft II's longevity by promoting even 
higher quality player-made content than our previous games. 

Now I'd like to discuss some of the recent and upcoming initiatives for World of Warcraft. Later this month, we will be 
transitioning our World of Warcraft players over to Battle.net accounts. This is an exciting first step in unifying our 
player base. In the coming months, these players will begin enjoying some of the benefits of our Battle.net feature set, 
starting with the ability to chat with their friends across different realms while in game. 

We are also currently testing a large new content update for World of Warcraft which should arrive in the coming 
weeks. This update will add new dungeons and items to the game and provide a great experience for current and 
returning players as we bridge over to Cataclysm. We also recently opened the Warcraft Pet Store. Companion pets are 
a popular feature in the game and we've seen players go to great lengths to collect them. The Warcraft Pet Store gives 
players who enjoy accumulating in-game pets an opportunity to add some unique pets to their collection for a nominal 
charge. In addition to this value – to the value this adds for collectors, it's also a great opportunity for us to contribute to 
one of the charity organizations that we work with. A portion of the proceeds from one of the first pets available in a 
store will go to the Make a Wish Foundation. 

Since the last call, we also introduced two other premium services, paid faction change and paid race change. Without 
delving too deeply into details, these services have been requested by our players for some time. They give our players 
more options as to how they play and flexibility in joining their friends who may already be established on certain 
realms or with certain characters. Both of these services have been very popular since they launched. Despite the fact 
that World of Warcraft has been one of the top games in the world for five years, we are still working hard to meet our 
players' needs. Making it easier for friends to play together and developing the additional services that players want are 
good examples of our commitment. 

Before closing, I want to talk about StarCraft II. We are targeting a release in the first half of 2010. We're still driving 
hard towards the beta test which all of us are very excited to get started. We remain very encouraged about the 
prospects for StarCraft II in all regions. 

In August, StarCraft II won game of the show at GamesCon, the biggest gaming show in Europe. We also showcased a 
playable demo of the campaign at various events this past quarter. And the feedback both from players and from press 
has been very positive. 

Our developers are continuing to polish the campaign to make it even better as we move forward. With Cataclysm and 
StarCraft II, along with an improved evolution of our Battle.net platform all slated for 2010 as well as Diablo III also in 
development, the pipeline for Blizzard games is very solid and we continue to be very excited about the future. 


Thanks, everyone. I will turn the call now back to Kristin. 

Kristin Southey, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thank you. Operator, I think we're ready for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions].And our first question will come from Mark Wienkes with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Mark Wienkes>: Great. Thank you. I was just looking, year to date, the operating income ex-ex-Blizzard, so just 
the Activision Publishing, was sort of flattish through the first half of '09, but then took a turn down in 3Q. Clearly, it's 
a fourth quarter business, but I was just wondering if – does that reflect more of the earlier launch of Guitar Hero 5 this 
year versus last year? And is this sort of the way you've been thinking about the shape of the year, through the year? 

<A - Thomas Tippl, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Corporate Officer>: Yeah, it hasn't really changed the shape 
of how we think about the year. We had a number of new releases which were launched in the Activision Publishing 
side in the September quarter which came with significant marketing support as well as the amortization of the related 
product development expense, while last year, we were largely producing a catalog quarter where most of the 
development costs had already been amortized. 

<Q - Mark Wienkes>: Right. And then just a quick follow-up, you'd mentioned Tony Hawk being launched U.S., UK, 
Germany. Is that a production issue or I guess, what drove that decision? 

<A - Robert A. Kotick, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It was primarily a production issue on boards that 
we could manufacture against the demand that we thought we were going to see in the marketplace. We matched that 
with the historical strength of the Tony Hawk franchise and that led to our decision to focus on those three markets for 
this year. 

<Q - Mark Wienkes>: Okay, makes sense. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Heath Terry from FBR Capital Markets. 

<Q - Heath Terry>: Great. Thank you. You mentioned that you had resubmitted the expansion of the Lich King. 
Which agency or ministry is that being submitted to now and has that changed from the first time that it was submitted? 

<A - Michael Morhaime, President and Chief Executive Officer of Blizzard Entertainment>: We don't comment 
on the regulatory process in China. As the operator for World of Warcraft in China, our partner NetEase handles all of 
the related government approvals and the operation of the game there. Blizzard Entertainment and Activision Blizzard 
are committed to doing business in China and throughout the world in accordance with local laws and regulations. 

<Q - Heath Terry>: Great. Thanks. Bobby you mentioned, or you've talked about in the past, that DJ Hero in 
particular was going to be particularly capacity-constrained kind of through the holiday season. Is that still the sense 
that you've got now that you've got a better feel for what supply and demand for the game looks like? 

<A - Robert A. Kotick, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We're working hard to produce DJ Hero product. 
We've had a successful launch. I think that it's one of the most innovative products that we've ever created and we'll do 
our best to satisfy the demand. 

<Q - Heath Terry>: Great. Thank you. 


Operator 

We'll now go to Jeetil Patel from Deutsche Bank Securities. 

<Q - Jeetil Patel>: Great. Thanks. Two questions, can you, I guess – it looks like in the fourth quarter you're going to 
have about 1.8 billion in publishing revenue. I guess can you just try to give us a sense of what percentage of that 1.8 
billion or publishing revenue was based on initial sell and initial shipments in versus reorder activity to get to that 
number? And I guess how's that changed versus this year versus prior years for 2008? And second, in the publishing 
division, I guess can you just give us a sense of what percentage of your profits come from the top two titles in the 
category versus the rest of the business? Thanks. 

<A - Thomas Tippl, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Corporate Officer>: Yes, these are all very good questions, 
but this is a level of guidance by franchise that we have not historically gotten into and we are not planning to do right 
now going forward. I think what I can tell you is that the way we see order patterns running is not all that different from 
last year. I think Mike Griffith has already alluded to the fact that retailers ever since last year have become more 
cautious in terms of volumes that they're taking in up front. 

On the other hand, DJ Hero, for example, we sold 100% of the supply we had for the day one launch. So we sold in as 
much as we had. I think we have extremely strong demand as we mentioned also earlier on Modern Warfare II, where 
our retailers are very focused to make sure they are pulling stock given the momentum that's behind that franchise. But 
of course, we haven't sold in the full quarterly unit number at this point, and there will be continued replenishment on 
products like DJ Hero, Tony Hawk as well. We are selling every unit that we have at launch, and we continue to 
produce to replenish and meet demand. 

<Q - Jeetil Patel>: On Call of Duty pre-orders, can you talk about how much it's up year-on-year? 

<A - Robert A. Kotick, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I think Call of Duty has been obviously very 
strong this year in its pre-orders and also the special added value units. I don't think we want to get into the specifics on 
how much it's up versus last year, but it is up and it's set new records for us and we feel very bullish going into the 
launch. 

<A - Kristin Southey, Vice President, Investor Relations>: Operator? 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Ben Schachter from BroadPoint AmTech. 

<Q - Benjamin Schachter>: A few questions on the Blizzard side of things. The Pet Shop initiative, now I know it's 
not a big revenue driver, but what does it say about the digital items strategy going forward for Blizzard? And then 
when we think about the full Blizzard games, I'm just wondering what percentage of that revenue comes from digital 
distribution of those games versus just the traditional retail, and is that going to change when we have Battle.net? And 
then just last housekeeping, Mike didn't mentioned the new IP from Blizzard, just wanted to make sure, or understand 
if that's still there. Thanks. 

<A - Michael Morhaime, President and Chief Executive Officer of Blizzard Entertainment>: Okay. Thanks for all 
the questions. So the first question was about Pet Store and our item sales strategy. Let me just say that we're open to 
selling things and offering services related to World of Warcraft that enhance player experience. But we certainly aren't 
interested in doing anything that might adversely affect the player experience in game or imbalance the game in any 
way. So if you look at all the value-added services that we do offer, they're all things that are not required to play the 
game. They are just there. They're completely and totally optional. They don't do anything that adversely impact 
anyone's experience who decides not to participate in them. And so they really are just there to enhance the experience 
of the players that choose to take advantage of them. 


The second question, retail versus digital, so we don't break out our retail versus digital sales. So I really can't comment 
on the balance between the two. Obviously, I think we expect digital sales to increase in the future. And we hope to 
take advantage of that. 

The third question was about our unannounced IP with respect to the product that we have in development which is a 
new massively multiplayer online game. We have not announced any details with respect to that game or the 
intellectual property associated with it other than to confirm that there is a unannounced MMO currently in 
development at Blizzard and that it is not a direct sequel to World of Warcraft. 

<Q - Benjamin Schachter>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Brian Pitz from UBS. 

<Q - Brian Pitz>: All right. Great. Thanks. Can you give us any additional color on the revenue guidance for Q4? It 
looks like you adjusted it downwards slightly. Is this title-specific or are you just being conservative? And then on 
Modern Warfare 2, two quick questions, do you anticipate any real supply constraint problems in the channel with that 
one? And do you have any concerns over the negative buzz building around the PC version, which is not going to have 
any dedicated servers? Thanks. 

<A - Thomas Tippl, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Corporate Officer>: So on Q4, as you know, we have 
announced this I think last month. The Blur title shifted out of Q4. So that fundamentally would explains the difference 
in our Q4 guidance. I mean there were some title expectations moving around. Certainly Modern Warfare momentum 
continued to build week on week, so those numbers have moved higher. 

With regards to supply constraints on Modern Warfare, as it's a software-only product and doesn't have a 
peripheral-based supply chain attached to it, we are in very good position to replenish very rapidly. And I would also 
say as I mentioned earlier, retailers have been extremely supportive and bullish behind the title. So there will be a 
significant program unprecedented quantities available on day one. So we're doing everything to make sure we're not 
running out of stock and protecting upside on the title. 

<A - Robert A. Kotick, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And just to chime in on the PC buzz that you 
commented on, well, we're of course watching this very carefully and paying attention to it. But we're not overly 
concerned about it. We think one of the problems with our PC SKUs on this title and in the past is that it has not been 
as friendly a consumer experience in terms of match-making and online play as the consoles have allowed it to be. Our 
solution here improves that consumer experience overall by a significant margin. And so we think that the benefits that 
we will see are going to far outweigh any negatives that seem to be surfacing. 

<Q - Brian Pitz>: Great, thanks. 

Operator 

And we'll now go to Shawn Milne from Janney Montgomery Scott. 

<Q - Shawn Milne>: Thank you and thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to go back to the commentary on the 
pick-up in Guitar Hero, or music sales overall. Mike, can you kind of strip out the early shipment for Guitar Hero year 
over year? What lends you to believe that the organic growth's still in the opportunities there? And can you maybe give 
a little more color around the margin opportunities as we move forward as we shift? It sounds like you're not baking in 
much more in terms of the band kit or the hardware build-out, but mostly software going forward. Thanks. 

<A - Robert A. Kotick, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. I think overall as I said during the call, the 
music category has certainly been down year over year. It's – worldwide it has been down a little bit more than the 
market in general. But we're also – as you kind of parse out that business and you look at the consumers who came in 


on a very casual basis, primarily people that have used the Nintendo Wii for Guitar Hero. Their propensity to 
repurchase has been a little bit slower than for consumers on the Xbox and the PlayStation platforms. And consumers 
on that platform, which I think you've got to say are the foundation of the Guitar Hero business, continue to show 
strong interest and sales to those consumers is actually up 20% year-over-year. 

We think Guitar Hero 5 has done its job as it launched and it's got stronger worldwide units than the Beatles and is 
really just setting us up for the quarter. And of course, what we expect to see more sales throughout the quarter as we 
continue to expand our business internationally, where we've seen substantial growth this year and also as we get into 
new segments like DJ Hero and our segmented approach with Band Hero. We feel like we're better meeting the 
consumer needs on this business and reaching the markets that where there is expansion opportunity like Europe, where 
we've had some good success. 

On the margin side of the business I think as we alluded to on the call, we think there is substantial opportunity for 
margin expansion through all elements, including our COGS component of the equation. And we've got a lot of good 
initiatives and progress in that regard. And we think we'll see that play out next year particularly as we announce our 
2010 program. 

<Q - Shawn Milne>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Justin Post from Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Justin Post>: Thank you. One question for Bobby and then maybe one for Mike. Bobby, when you think about 
the numbers, people have definitely been lowering their estimates for industry growth this year. I think we're now in 
negative territory. Do you think that's recession or has there really been a change in the value proposition? And if it is 
recession, could the industry bounce back pretty strongly if we have a recovery? And for Mike, on StarCraft II, can you 
tell us anything about the size of the audience for that game as it exists today so we can maybe try to gauge how many 
units you could sell next year? Thank you. 

<A - Michael J. Griffith, President and Chief Executive Officer of Activision Publishing>: So I'd say, Justin, that 
probably a lot of it has to do with macroeconomic factors and the severity of the recession. I think that there also this 
year up until now, have not been that many compelling titles. And I think as you get into the back half and you look at 
our product slate, whether it's Tony Hawk Ride or Modern Warfare 2 or DJ Hero or Band Hero or Bakugan, we're 
coming into a holiday period with price cuts from the hardware manufacturers and very compelling titles. And so to the 
extent that titles are important – and we think that they are in continuing to drive interest in the category – we need to 
see more innovative game play and more innovative titles. And I think that on the Wii in particular, you need to see – 
we can't be the only company, but you need to see innovative new titles that are going to take advantage of physical 
interface. So that commitment to the gamer and making sure that we're really delivering fresh, new and interesting 
experiences is what we think is going to drive growth. 

<A - Michael Morhaime, President and Chief Executive Officer of Blizzard Entertainment>: Okay. And with 
respect to the StarCraft audience, I can give you a couple of data points. Back at BlizzCon, we mentioned that we have 
12 million active accounts on our classic Battle.net. Those are people playing StarCraft, Diablo II and Warcraft III 
primarily. And if you look at StarCraft franchise-to date-sales, that's basically StarCraft and one expansion we've sold 
11 – over 11 million units worldwide to date. 

<Q - Justin Post>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Eric Handler from MKM partners. 


<Q - Eric Handler>: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. First, how aggressive do you see the Black Friday holiday 
promotions this year versus last year and how do you make – how does that impact your sales plans aside from Modern 
Warfare 2? 

<A - Robert A. Kotick, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. On – Black Friday as we've seen 
year-over-year is a time where retailers really do fight for store traffic and generally field some aggressive programs, 
and I think we'll see that again this year. Clearly, the macroeconomic conditions are making retailers more sensitive to 
the need to provide value to consumers. And I think we'll see aggressive programming from the retailers on Black 
Friday. But I think the general trend of what we see and how we plan for it will be very similar to last year. 

<Q - Eric Handler>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

And our final question will come from Doug Creutz from Cowen. 

<Q - Doug Creutz>: Thanks. Could you talk about what the U.S.-international split has been for Guitar Hero 5 and 
then also how you've been allocating your initial shipments of DJ Hero, U.S. versus international? Thanks. 

<A - Robert A. Kotick, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. I think just in general, we said about a year 
ago that one of our strategic focus areas was going to be building Europe on our Hero franchise, and Europe had been 
significantly underdeveloped on that. And through the course of the year we've made a lot of progress on this, and 
we've grown our music business quite substantially in Europe. So it is much more evenly balanced now relative to our 
historical ranges. So as a result, we've had roughly two-thirds of our business in North America and a third in Europe, 
and then that's probably about the pattern that will play out on Guitar Hero 5 and DJ. 

<A - Thomas Tippl, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Corporate Officer>: The other thing you'll see on the launch 
of Guitar Hero 5 in Europe is that against some of the competition, we substantially over-performed against the 
competition. And I think that what we are starting to see is that our song selection, our access to the universal music 
catalog and other partners that we're business with and our focus now on songs and game play characteristics that are 
going to be more appealing to international consumers is really paying off. 

<A - Robert A. Kotick, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And the last thing I would say about the 
international growth is because it's a less mature music business for us. Our mix is more strongly related to bundles 
with the hardware components in Europe, whereas in North America, we're seeing the mix shift more towards software. 

<Q - Doug Creutz>: Great, thanks. 

Kristin Southey, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Okay. Well thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We thank you for your time and consideration and we look 
forward to speaking with you soon. 

Operator 

This concludes today's presentation. Thank you for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 


special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


