Q1 2012 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Thomas Krause 
• Hock E. Tan 
• Douglas R. Bettinger 
Other Participants 

• Romit J. Shah 
• Patrick Walsh 
• Blayne Curtis 
• Ed Snyder 
• Terence Whalen 
• JoAnne Feeney 
• Mark J. Lipacis 
• Aalok K. Shah 
• Ian Lee Ing 
• Brendan Furlong 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2012 Avago Technologies Limited Earnings 
Conference Call. My name is Amecia and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] 

I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tom Krause, Vice President, Corporate Development. Please proceed. 

Thomas Krause 

Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me today are Hock Tan, President and CEO, and Doug 
Bettinger, Chief Financial Officer of Avago Technologies. After the market closed today, Avago distributed a press 
release and financial tables describing our financial performance for the first quarter of fiscal year 2012. If you did not 
receive a copy, you may obtain the information from the Investors section of Avago's website at www.avagotech.com. 

This conference call is being webcast live and a recording will be available via telephone playback for one week. It will 
also be archived in the Investors section of our website at avagotech.com. During the prepared comments section of this 
call, Hock and Doug will be providing details of our Q1 fiscal year 2012 results, background to our Q2 2012 outlook 
and some commentary regarding the business environment. We'll take questions after the end of our prepared 
comments. 

In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Avago reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation 
between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to today's release. Comments made during 
today's call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. Please refer to our press release today and our 
recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risks factors that could cause our actual results to differ 
materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. 


At this time, I would like to turn the call over Hock. Hock? 

Hock E. Tan 

Thank you, Tom. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm going to start today by reviewing some of our recent business 
highlights and then Doug will provide summary of the first quarter financial results. 

Now as you may have seen from our earnings announcement just out, revenue for the quarter of Q1 fiscal 2012 was at 
the top end of our guidance at $563 million, down 10% from last quarter, but 2% year on year from the first quarter 
2011. Now results for our Wireless Communication end market came in much stronger than normal seasonality. And 
our wireline – wired infrastructure, I should say, wireline markets was basically holding up in line with expectations. 

The gains is fairly favorable to end markets. However, we had, we saw, we experienced a rather down industrial end 
market. Now, generally macroeconomic conditions have the biggest impact on our industrial market. In particular, we 
are seeing industrial spending in China continuing to be weak and that has also continued to impact demand from our 
industrial OEM customers worldwide. 

As we have also discussed previously, we also have seen the impact from the flooding in Thailand, which had 
exacerbated our ability to ship our industrial products last quarter. But as we sit here today, I feel demand for our 
products has stabilized in this industrial segment, and in some situations, may actually be recovering. However, we 
forecast too that some spending uncertainty remains, especially in Europe and in the emerging economies. In summary, 
we now believe our Industrial business has bottomed, but we only see limited signs of a recovery. 

So, now, let's turn to results from each of our target markets. Within our wireless communications target market, as you 
know, we manufacture FBAR Duplexers, power amplifiers, some light and proximity sensors, and Optical Navigation 
devices for feature-rich and smart mobile phones. We also produce RF components for wireless base stations. 

Here, sales from our Wireless Communication target market represented 45% of our first quarter revenues and our 
revenue from this market declined 2% from the preceding quarter, but rose 26% above Q1 last year. Now, to remind 
everyone, seasonality in wireless for us typically means revenue declines in the low double-digits on a percentage basis 
in Q1, but we obviously showed much stronger than typical seasonality in seasonal performance and there's a good 
reason for that. 

We have been and will remain focused on picking programs where we can insert content – products with high content – 
that is very differentiated from most standard commodity light products. Clearly, we saw the benefits of picking the 
right programs this particular quarter and, frankly, we would have grown sequentially in RF if not for our OFN and 
Base Station Component business being down. 

Looking ahead to the second quarter of fiscal 2012, we expect this momentum to carry into what would have been 
another typically weak seasonal quarter. As a result, we expect overall Wireless revenue to be slightly up compared to 
Q1. 

Next, within wired infrastructure, as also you may know, we design high-speed SerDes ASICs, as well as produce 
optical transceivers for enterprise, networking, data centers, switching, and high-speed computing applications. 
Revenue from Wired Infrastructure represented 29% of our total Q1 sales. Our sales from this end market declined 8% 
over Q4, but grew 6% from the quarter a year ago. 

Revenues from Wired Infrastructure were in line with our expectation right at the beginning of the quarter. To give you 
a little more color, that – what we experienced here during this quarter correction in supply chain among several large 
OEMs in this segment. Notwithstanding, we managed to offset this, because certain of our larger OEMs showed 
strength in carrier routing and data center switching. 

Turning to Q2, with supply chain pretty much normalized today, we expect overall revenues from wired infrastructure 
market to increase mid single-digits quarter-on-quarter, driven by continued strength in call routing and increase in sale 


of our ASICs and proprietary fiber optics into data center applications. 

Next, in industrial and automotive electronics, we manufacture and sell auto couplers, motion encoders, and industrial 
fibers. Net revenues from this end market accounted for 20% of our Q1 2012 revenues. Revenues here declined 29% 
compared to the prior quarter and declined 31% from the same quarter a year ago. 

Demand continuity softened during this quarter, but we also experienced a rather dramatic supply chain correction with 
not just our distribution channels, but with also some of direct OEMs, industrial OEMs as well. Looking at resale, 
however, specifically, North America held up. Europe and China were down significantly. Japan was down only 
slightly, and overall, worldwide resales were down just around 10% against, as I mentioned earlier, a quarter-on-quarter 
revenue decline in ship – in revenues I should say, of 29%. 

As I also said earlier, it does look like we are now at the bottom in industrial, even though we don't see clear signs of a 
recovery. Accordingly, Q2, we expect revenue for Industrial to be up mid-single-digits as we replenish some of our 
resale inventory, even though we do expect resale to remain flattish in this current quarter. 

Finally, in consumer computing peripherals target markets, we manufacture navigation sensors, optical mice, and 
motion sensors for printers. Revenue from this target market represented only 6% of our first quarter 2012 sales. 
Revenue here increased 27%, off a small base, no question, from last quarter, and grew 14% year on year. We expect 
this business to be somewhat down in Q2. 

So in summary, let me say, wireless was strong, Wired Infrastructure maintained and Industrial was significantly down 
due to supply chain contraction and continuing weak macro conditions. 

Looking forward to Q2, we expect trends to remain much the same. Wireless and Wired Infrastructure continue to look 
good and with the macro situation stabilizing, Industrial should be flat to slightly somewhat up, in other words, okay. 
And as a result, we believe total revenue for Q2 will increase our guidance, between 1% to 4% as compared to Q1. 

So with that summary, let me now turn the call over to Doug for a more detailed review of our first quarter fiscal 2012 
financials. 

Douglas R. Bettinger 

Okay. Thanks, Hock. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining the call. Before reviewing the first quarter fiscal 
2012 financial results, I want to remind you that my comments today, as always, will focus primarily on our 
non-GAAP results. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP data is included with the earnings release that we 
issued today and it's also available on our website at avagotech.com. 

Revenue of $563 million in Q1 represents a decrease of 10% from last quarter and an increase of 2% versus the same 
quarter a year ago. The sequential decrease was at the high end of our guidance. Revenue from our Wireless and 
Consumer target markets came in better than we expected, and revenue from our Industrial market came in well below 
our expectations, as Hock told you. I'd mention revenue in the consumer market benefited from a discrete IP sale. 

Resales and distribution declined in Q1 relative to Q4. Our sales into the distribution channel were down much more 
than the decline in distribution resale. And as a result of that, inventory in distribution obviously has declined. And 
while resales declined in Q1, we expect them to be flattish to slightly up in Q2. 

Q1 gross margin was 50.6%. This was down from last quarter and essentially at the midpoint of our guidance. Gross 
margin was affected by a number of factors this quarter. The biggest driver of the sequential decline in gross margin 
was lower revenue from our high-margin Industrial end market. 

Relative to our expectations, our lower-margin Wireless business was strong and our higher-margin Industrial business 
was soft. This negative mix was partially offset from non-product related revenue, again, the discrete IP sale that I 
mentioned. Additionally, we realized greater-than-forecasted cost reductions in our Wireless business. And I'd just 
point out, the potential negative impact of the additional spending that we needed to incur from the Thai flooding was 


largely offset by insurance claims. 

During the quarter, R&D expenses decreased $1 million to $78 million due to tight cost controls. SG&A decreased by 
$5 million to $44 million, also driven by those same cost controls, but additionally, driven by a reduction in our 
litigation expenses. As a percentage of sales, R&D increased to 14% while SG&A remained at 8% of net revenue. 

Income from operations decreased by $28 million sequentially to $163 million and represented 29% of net revenue. Q1 
income from operations compares with income from operations of $191 million in Q4 and with $169 million in Q1 of 
last year. Taxes of $5 million for Q1 were slightly higher than we guided at $4 million due to the jurisdictional mix of 
income. These results translated into net income of $156 million, which was down 16% from last quarter. 

Q1 earnings per share of $0.62 compares with $0.73 in Q4, and net income in Q1 of 2011 was $165 million, or $0.65 
per diluted share. Total share-based compensation in Q1 was $11 million. The breakdown of expense for Q1 includes 
$1 million in cost of goods sold, $4 million in R&D and $6 million in SG&A. 

In Q2 we anticipate share-based compensation will be approximately $14 million, growing as we complete our annual 
equity grants this quarter. And just a reminder, the company's definition of non-GAAP net income excludes 
share-based compensation expense. 

So now let me move to the balance sheet. Days sales outstanding came in at 50 days. This was up two days from the 
prior quarter due to the timing impact of Chinese New Year on our collections. Inventory came in at $192 million, 
which was down 1% from last quarter, and this translated to days on hand of 63 days. I do think it's possible that 
inventory could grow somewhat next quarter. 

And now cash flow, at the end of the quarter our cash balance was $819 million. We generated $139 million in 
operational cash flow. During Q1, we repurchased and cancelled approximately 2.6 million shares, and this consumed 
$79 million of cash. 

Capital expenditures in Q1 were $47 million, which was slightly higher than our expectations for the quarter, and this 
was due to expenses associated with bringing secondary facilities online after the Thai flooding. We expect CapEx in 
Q2 will be in the range of $52 million to $57 million. The sequential increase is due to the capacity additions in our 
wireless factory that we mentioned last quarter. 

Also in Q1, we paid more than $40 million in annual bonus payments that were based on our fiscal year 2011 
performance. And, finally, on December 30 of 2011, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.12 per ordinary share, 
which consumed $20 million of cash. This dividend was raised by $0.01 from the prior quarter. 

And just to round out the cash flow discussion, I thought I'd point out, now that we have been returning cash to equity 
holders for five quarters, that cumulatively we have paid $115 million in dividends and have consumed $172 million in 
share buybacks. 

Now let me review the balance of our non-GAAP guidance for the second quarter of fiscal 2012. This guidance reflects 
our current assessment of business conditions and we do not intend to update this guidance. 

Revenue is expected to increase 1% to 4% sequentially. Gross margin is expected to be approximately 50.8%, plus or 
minus 75 basis points. Operating expenses are estimated to be approximately $124 million, which is up slightly from 
Q1. Interest and other is forecast to be approximately zero. Taxes are forecasted to be approximately $7 million. And, 
finally, the diluted share count forecast is for 254 million shares. 

That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 


Yes, sir. [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of Romit Shah with Nomura. Please 
proceed. 

<Q - Romit J. Shah>: Hey. Thanks, guys. Hock, I had a couple questions on the Industrial business. Just given that 
sales are down close to 40% from the peak and, at the same time, you're seeing signs of resales at least stabilizing, it 
would seem it's just a matter of when – it's just a matter of timing in terms of when the industrial business will snap 
back. Can you give us some visibility into that? 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Well, you got everything right so far. The only thing I didn't say, and it was purposely so, was 
when we will snap back. The answer is I don't know when, Romit, but we do see – and this might be clutching at 
straws, I know people want to see what they see – there's no further deterioration. That's pretty clear of what we're 
seeing. But, we see some improvement, but is that big enough to say there is a snap-back happening? No. So, my 
answer is very limited signs of recovery, though things are not getting worse in industrial. 

<Q - Romit J. Shah>: In terms of your near-term bookings patterns, have you seen any sort of noticeable change 
post-Chinese New Year, whether it's industrial or some of the other segments? 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Well, we see very different booking patterns for these different segments, actually, which maybe I 
didn't make clear enough in my remarks. But it is – it is a very mixed market, what we see out there. Wireless business, 
as you probably heard me say, continues to be very strong in the way they booked. Our Wired Infrastructure is also 
very robust in the way booking's happening. Industrial, obviously over the last four or five months, has been very weak 

– six months, actually been week. It has improved somewhat and – but, not meaningful enough or sustained enough for 
me to pass any judgment at this point other than to say we're pretty sure resale is holding up at flat. It's at the, I think, 
kind of at the bottom. A snap-back recovery, it's not that clear yet. 
And because the improvement we have seen so far in Industrial – and we have seen it – is really because inventory is 
down so low, people have to replenish. The question is, after they replenish, what then? And the data is still not out 
there. But there is replenishment and we are filling this replenishment, which is part of the reason why we're saying 
Industrial this quarter, Q2, we're guiding to be up single-digits, mid-single-digits. It is the replenishment. It is not 
necessarily a fundamental recovery or snap back of industrial spending. 

Now, that might change if emerging economies start driving spending in industrial infrastructure one more time, as 
they did in 2010. But that thing is not very obvious as yet. 

<Q - Romit J. Shah>: Is that – Hock, is that a China-specific comment? 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: It's a very China-specific comment, but it also could extend to the likes of Russia, Brazil and 
India. But, China is obviously the big one in the market. 

<Q - Romit J. Shah>: All right. Thank you. 

<A - Douglas R. Bettinger>: Thanks, Romit. 

Operator 

And the next question comes from the line of Terence Whalen with Citi. Please proceed. 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Hi, Terence. 

Operator 

And the next, we'll move to the next question. The next question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. 
Please proceed. 


<Q - Patrick Walsh>: Hi. This is Patrick Walsh. I'm just calling in for John Pitzer. I had a question on channel 
inventories. It looks like they came down a bit during the quarter. So, I was just wondering if you could give us some 
color as to where they are on a days' basis and how that compares to historical levels. 

<A - Douglas R. Bettinger>: We don't really quantify it, except I'd tell you that it was down fairly significantly from 
the prior quarter. And it's still in the range that we would characterize as a normal range, but we don't quantify it. 

<Q - Patrick Walsh>: Okay. Thanks. That's helpful. And then one other question; you guys had sales impacted a little 
bit by Thailand during the quarter and I was just wondering if you could maybe give us some quantification there. I 
think you had initially thought $10 million to $20 million was the type of range. 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: In terms of revenue impact, I think the impact was closer to $10 million than $20 million, when 
all is said and done. 

<Q - Patrick Walsh>: All right. Awesome. Thanks and congratulations on a good quarter. 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Thank you. 

<A - Douglas R. Bettinger>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And the next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis with Barclays. Please proceed. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. Hock, on the Wireless business, you're looking for slight growth. 
You had a bit of a headwind. You had one customer doing quite well and that had some implications that – with the 
sequential guidance, does that mean you're kind of through those types of headwinds? And then I know OFN's small, 
but you saw a big correction. Is that coming back? Just some color on the different segments within Wireless would be 
helpful. Thanks. 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Okay. Well, there's some several parts to that, broadly. But, yeah, that's – there's more than one 
customer that is giving us – who are growth drivers for us, especially this current quarter, more than one customer, 
though. Yeah? It's obviously, we're picking the winners fortuitously in driving our business. 

But to answer your second part, and that continues and a lot of that continued strength relates to the handset 
smartphone business on RF. The OFN business, which is what you're mentioning and referring to, it's no longer a 
headwind. Neither is it a tailwind. It's kind of flattish at this lower level that we had indicated last quarter. So, it's 
neither helping nor acting as a headwind in this whole thing. It's purely RF in mobile handsets. There's also some 
benefit, but not very much, from Wireless Infrastructure, but my best guess on Wireless infrastructure this quarter is at 
best, flat. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Got you. And then just one clarification for Doug, the IP sales in Consumer, I don't know if you 
wanted to quantify it, but does that come at 100% gross margin? Because, you were originally looking for that to be 
down. It ended up being up. Just trying to figure out what the impact there was. 

<A - Douglas R. Bettinger>: Yeah. It's not 100% margin, but it's pretty high and it was one of the puts and takes in 
gross margin along with the other things that I mentioned, Blayne. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Douglas R. Bettinger>: You bet. 

Operator 

And the next question comes from the line of Edward Snyder with Charter Equity. Please proceed. 


<Q - Ed Snyder>: Thank you very much. If you could, Doug, any 10% customers on the quarter and where do you 
think your Wireless concentration is now? It seems a preponderance, if not the vast majority, would be from one 
customer's. And then also, several of your competitors have already fielded Duel-Band PADs and are showing that. Are 
you offering a similar part now or do you plan to offer one before year end? 

<A - Douglas R. Bettinger>: So I'll take the first couple and then I'll let Hock chime in a little bit on the color. So, 
Wireless last quarter, Ed, was – I guess it was 45% of revenue and that was up from the prior quarter. I think the prior 
quarter was in low 40s, 42, I think, if I remember the number right. And it's not any one customer, Ed. It's across the 
board. Pretty much any OEM that's shipping smartphones in the marketplace is buying parts from Avago. It's pretty 
much pervasive across the spectrum. So it isn't driven by one customer necessarily. It's very, very broad-based. 

And then your question about architecture, would you say that one one more time? 

<Q - Ed Snyder>: Sure, sure. We've seen several of your competitors on these calls show product in the Dual-Band 
PAD, a new architecture, that are being offered now or by mid-year or so. And given that this looks to be something 
that's catching traction with some of the bigger smartphone OEMs, I was wondering do you have a product out there 
now? Do you plan on being in production with one this year? 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Ed, Hock Tan here. We talk about PAD architecture, in fact, last conference call or the one before 
that for us. PAD architecture, which is Duplexer with power amplifier in a module, is something we have been 
promoting for a while and obviously we do it with our FBAR very nicely. And this is something that's been going, 
nothing rather unusual. 

Now, there's some OEM customers who has a preference for it versus others who prefer to use discrete components and 
we address them where they will and it fits in with Doug's answer in terms of what he mentioned as concentration of 
revenue in Wireless. There is – our concentration is pretty spread out among many handset guys because, as I 
mentioned, we chase programs not on customers, as on products, products that we can differentiate ourselves. 

And so we have a lot of our products scattered all over multiple phone makers. In fact, just about every major hand – 
OEM and smartphone maker we probably have at least one, if not multiple, programs today. And that's because of the 
nature of products. We have integrated modules, front end modules, that have both our amplifier and duplexers already 
shipping in many customers, including in Korea and a few other places. And we already talked about PADs as perhaps 
a twist on, a derivative, of that structure down the road. 

So, it's really nothing new, and it's not a concentration issue. It's just the fact that we have products, and they are 
similar, that spread across multiple OEMs. And in those – in programs where, again, we try to price ourselves where 
the customer is willing to pay a premium. 

<Q - Ed Snyder>: But I'm specifically talking about Dual-Band PADs. I understand PADs have been around for a 
while, and have been used in architectures going back two or three years now. But it appears that the industry's moving 
to these new dual-band devices. TriQuint and Anadigics have both shown product, and it is – looks likely to be favored 
with one of your largest customers. So, I was just specifically asking about that. And Doug, I can take it by your 
comments that you didn't have any 10% customers this quarter? 

<A - Douglas R. Bettinger>: Ed, in the past, we have had Cisco as a 10% customer. And the Q will be out in a couple 
of weeks. You can check back. 

<Q - Ed Snyder>: Good. 

Operator 

And the next question comes from the line of Terence Whalen with Citi. Please proceed. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Hi. Thanks for taking the question and congratulations on the results. This question is a little 
bit of a higher-level question on the wireline business. If I think about one and a half years back to your Analyst Day, 


that was sort of the commencement of what at that point was a three-year growth runway for the Wireless business, 
including the ASIC business doubling, and the Optical business enjoying a transition to proprietary from standard. 
From that sort of high-level construct that we developed a year and a half ago, can you perhaps give us an update on 
where we are in that growth cycle and what new developments have sort of come up over the past year and a half to 
give you confidence in the continued growth of the ASIC business and the continued margin improvement in Optical? 
Thank you. 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Thank you. That was – that's a very good question, and looking back, tops down. That's the Wired 
Infrastructure business is still very much – the trend of it, is still very much in line with what we laid out in terms of our 
strategic plan two or three years ago. It continues to be tracking up, in our view. And, not perfectly as we like to see it, 
but one never gets it perfectly, in the sense that our Optical business is probably growing faster in some ways than our 
ASIC business. But, having said that, on a total combined basis, still trending along the same direction. 

What's also interesting is – and we said that two or three years ago. We see this product – this segment to expand fairly 
fast in gross margin, product margin, gross margin, and that's exactly also what that's happening. Revenue may not be 
as fast we like it to be, but not far from that. But our gross margin is certainly running higher than our expectations 
three years ago. So overall, net-net, we're pretty pleased with it. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Okay, terrific. And then my follow-up question is Avago was recently, named along with 
Qualcomm and Broadcom, by Huawei for a longer-term supply contract. Perhaps you can sort of address what your 
prospects are in the Chinese smartphone market, particularly given the OEM landscape you see and particularly given 
the standards that they use, among them, TDLTD versus FTLTE. Thanks. 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Well, yeah, it's – well, obviously, we have – I mean, Huawei, ZTE and a few other Chinese phone 
makers are very good customers of Avago. And in some of those key customers, we provide components in the smart – 
as you correctly hit on, smartphones. Components for the smartphones as well as, I should add, in the case of Huawei 
and ZTE data cards. These two have been some of the – among the two largest producers of data cards in the world and 
we provide them with specific components that are very, very high-performance, very low-power, which is what they 
like, and that's how we develop that strategic relationship for our products. And we continue to have that. I won't 
exactly say that they are a huge, huge customer, though they are to us – they are very important customers and strategic 
and the components we provide meets their performance specs very well. Again, same old strategy. 

Do we see ourselves as a mass market producer in China of components in smartphones? No. We're not. We don't, for 
instance, produce in 2G edge market at all. But we obviously are producing in the umts, CDMA markets where China 
does play in within Chinese market and we have also product offerings into TD-LTE and to some extent, TDSCDMA. 
And those are the areas where we tend to play, where – in the high-end smartphones, where they produce them. And – 
but those are not necessarily the high volume that sells in China. Those are more the high-end niche markets, 
smartphone markets other than China, or exported by people like Huawei, ZTE, into more developed countries. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Thanks. Appreciate the insight. 

<A - Douglas R. Bettinger>: Thanks, Terence. 

Operator 

And the next question comes from the line of Joanne Feeney with Longbow Research. Please proceed. 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: Great. Thank you. If we could go back to the Industrial side for just a minute, you admit there 
has been this rather steep drop-off in revenues since your peak. I'm wondering, first of all, if you could split up for us 
the share of the decline that was due to the Thailand flooding. I think you pegged that at $10 million, but then 90% of 
the rest, that's the inventory correction? Or are you seeing also sort of a bottoming of end demand and that that went 
down? And then the second part of the question is, what do you see your margin potential doing, given that Industrial is 
so far off of its peak, when it does come back? Do you have a different view of your long-term gross margin given 
where we are today? 


<A - Hock E. Tan>: Okay. Let's answer the second question first, because I like that better, Joanne. It is that – yeah 
you touch an interesting point. Our gross margin, as we've always said, has been expanding year after year, quietly but 
expanding. And of cost overlaying it quarter-by-quarter, we have ups and downs based on seasonality and unique 
situations of each product line. 

And you all know that Industrial has the highest product margins. Wired Infrastructure is somewhat above average now 
and Wireless is somewhat below average and the mix of it comes off very interesting. And with Q1 mix the way it is, 
yeah it is not, as Doug pointed out in his remarks, a quarter where we expect our gross margin to be stupendously 
glamorous. And, yet, we come out mind you okay, 50.6%. So with Industrial stats netting, they are recovering. Do we 
expect gross margin to be at a different plateau? Yeah. We say that every year and every year it comes in at a different 
level plateau. It just happens a bit differently as we go through a quarter of a year. 

<A - Douglas R. Bettinger>: But, Joanne, I'll remind you our long-term model was non-GAAP gross margin 50 to 53. 
We're not changing that at this point. That's still the long-term model. 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Thanks, Doug, reminding me. Right, but that's – but your point saying – it is a reflection of 
phenomenon that year on year, we tend to improve our gross margin 100, 150 basis points, 100 to 200 basis points a 
year, not the same every year. And we still maintain that model, 100, 150. Don't let any one particular quarter lead you 
too far astray, because it just ends up about there. But the thing we find ourselves very pleased about is even in Q1's 
revenue mix, which is not entirely favorable for margin, we do manage to come in at a level that is obviously at a 
different plane from say what it was if the same mix were in place two years ago. That is for sure. 

Then coming back to your first part of the question on the industrial revenue and mix and all that, the bottom line is we 
do not believe we lost market share at all. Now, as you know in industrial, most of our revenues goes in – are sold 
through distributors. To be precise, 80% of the revenue in industrial goes through distributors. 

And on the other item I want to point out is, Q1, our revenue, which is shipped in, most of that shipped in to 
distributors, dropped sequentially almost 30%, to be precise, 29%. Yet, our resale out of distributors dropped only 10%. 
So, you would say the gap here, the difference here, is all about reducing channel inventory in the pipeline. And I might 
add, we did similar, the remaining 20% industrial, we have a similar positioning, the similar phenomenon happening on 
the distribution sitting in our direct industrial OEM customers. So, most of it, not all but most of that reduction, 
sequential reduction, is coming out of inventory. 

But, I should add, resale did drop 10%. So there was a general weakening of overall industrial demand from our 
perspective. That resale, as we pointed out – and I like to obviously emphasize that in the context of this question – we 
have now seen it flatten. And in the sense that we have about, almost less – almost one month since the end of last 
quarter, it's more than flattened since Chinese New Year. It has picked up slightly, as Doug said, flat to up slightly. 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: Great. Thanks so much for that extra detail. That really helped. And then, if I could on the 
wireless side as a follow-up, so you had at least one major customer ramping up smartphone build this past quarter. 
And you also remarked that you would have one cutting down their inventories, as they typically do at that time of 
year. So I'm wondering if the one that was ramping ramped more quickly that you expected, or if the one that was 
taking down inventory perhaps did less of that, or if there's a third factor as well. Perhaps other OEMs ramped more 
quickly than you expected. And what does that tell us about the dynamics of smartphone builds for you guys 
throughout the rest of this year? Is this an early ramp that's going to flatten out, or how should we think about the 
ramp-up of smartphones you're in for the rest of the year? 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: All right. You know, the first – answer your first question, all three, answer. All three things were 
happening – it's what you said. All three were happening. And I'm not trying to be cavalier in the way I answer you. It's 
just that, think of us as not your pervasive component supplier to all handsets in the world. We only supply, in the first 
place, to very niche areas, smartphones. 

Now, you may say smartphones is growing very fast. It's still, what, 30% of all phone handsets shipped out. And that's 
all we supply. Then we do supply some in feature-rich phones, on where we're strong in CDMA. CDMA phones, we 


have. But smartphones is 30% and in smartphones, there are areas in particular, certain bands of umts and 3G, where 
we are strong, we supply. And others, we're not, we don't supply. And then there are some with different phone 
architecture that uses – PADs, as I mentioned earlier, with one band or two bands, that we supply. And there are those 
where they don't – and those particular PADs that have those particular requirements using FBAR, we definitely 
supply. And there are others that don't, that make do with SAW, we don't support the supply. 

So, it's a mix-and-match. It's a pick-and-choose and if we pick the winners, we do very well. And I guess in Q1, we 
picked a lot of winners. Q2, we expect to pick those same winners as the momentum goes. For the rest of the year, I'd 
like to think we'll continue to pick more winners than losers. So, we'll continue to drive our revenue growth we expect 
for the rest of this calendar year, because once you have that going, you keep going for a generation. 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: Okay. Thanks so much for the help. 

<A - Douglas R. Bettinger>: Thanks, Joanne. 

Operator 

And the next question comes from the line of Mark Lipacis with Jefferies. Please proceed. 

<Q - Mark J. Lipacis>: Thanks for taking my question. On the Wireless side, assuming there's growth, Hock, can you 
give us a sense of whether you believe that the growth is going to be driven more from the FBAR side or the Power 
Amp side? 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Well, it's actually – a lot of it is Power Amp for now, temporary. And part of it is because there's a 
lot – we have a lot of content on this. And I should say if you look at it historically – this past quarter, though, it's a mix 
of both. But going forward, with the 8960 chipset coming in, the super chipset, the multi-mode, multi-band PA that we 
have talked about previously will probably drive a lot of content for us in PAs, more so than would be normally the 
case. So, we see an increase of that. 

Having said that, FBAR still is, and FBAR-based modules, would still be a big chunk of it. It's just that there will be a 
richer – a higher mix of multi-mode PAs that drives it. By the end of the year, we might be back to normal where 
FBAR would become the dominant, especially with PADs running in. 

<Q - Mark J. Lipacis>: That's helpful. And can you give us a framework for thinking about how or what determines 
how deeply penetrated FBAR will become in the market and maybe even specifically in the LTE segment? Thanks. 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Okay. It is – in fact, it's the story of our life in terms of model. It's a very good representation. 
What it is is FBAR is not used everywhere just because we – it provides much better, much differentiated selectivity 
performance for reception of signals. The only thing is it's priced higher and so a lot of people don't – a lot of old phone 
OEMs chose not to use it if their performance is not that critical – cost is and they trade it off by using SAW filters 
instead of FBAR. 

But where they like the performance and they like the power FBAR produces – generally it consumes less power and 
the trends seem to hint at that way and the phone maker can afford it, they use FBAR. Now, there are some bands – 
some spectrum of wireless spectrum that makes it very important to use FBAR because the modulation schemes in the 
signals makes it very hard to allow SAW to perform well and one example is CDMA. 

The CDMA bands prefer to use FBAR, just to get a minimum level of performance. Then in 3G umts, certain bands 
like Band 2 also like, in fact require, the use of FBAR. Then we start going to LTE and as we move to LTE phones, 
LTE spectrum tend to be more tricky. And more than that, LTE spectrum are scattered all over the map in terms of 
whatever is available, especially in North America, the installed LTE. 

And one example is for instance, Verizon LTE, which is running at about 700 megahertz, as you know. The Verizon 
LTE sits next to the public safety radio band. Okay? And so it's important you don't – one doesn't cross over to the 
other. And so selectivity of signals become important. You don't want cross-talk interference and therefore using 


FBAR becomes more and more critical when you want to operate in the spectrum, at a band, next to a public band. 

[Take 1000] – another example is in the case of – as you all know, the current example of LightSquared where there's 
interference with the world GPS system. Now, world GPS uses filters, like FBAR, you can keep the signals up. So it – 
that's when FBAR comes into a very, very good use and when you start using complex smartphones like LTE, which 
has to be interoperable with 3G and 2G, you get more and more bands tucked in together with WiFi, you have the 
problem of what they call coexistence, which means interference of signals that operate at bands very close to each 
other. Then you want to use FBAR. 

So, getting phones more complicated, as they become smarter, they run on more bands, you start to need to use FBAR. 
So, that's in a summary fashion a long answer to your basic question, which is is the trend heading our direction in 
FBAR? And my question is yes, absolutely. As you go into LTE more and more, the tendency to use FBAR becomes 
much higher. 

<Q - Mark J. Lipacis>: Thanks, Hock. 

<A - Douglas R. Bettinger>: Thanks, Mark. 

Operator 

And the next question comes from the line of Aalok Shah with DA Davidson, please proceed. 

<Q - Aalok K. Shah>: Hey, guys. Just a couple quick questions. Hock, just to follow-up on Terence's question about 
the wireline business a little bit, you were ramping up with several of the OEMs this last couple of quarters and I'm 
curious how much runway do you think you still have in terms of ramp with those customers? And then Doug just real 
quickly for you, litigation expenses were down in the quarter. Was that just a function of the calendar and probably 
ramp back up as we go into the next couple of quarters? 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: To answer the first question, a lot of our design wins – in fact to be precise about half of our 
design wins in ASIC SerDes and in proprietary fiber have not even begun to really ramp yet. So, I think we have pretty 
good – and we still have runway on our existing designs of another couple years and as you know, it's a continual 
process. We'll continue to accumulate more and more design wins, hopefully at a rate higher than we did in the past, so 
we continue to grow this business. But to answer your question, there is still quite a bit of runway, because a lot of the 
designs have not even begun to ramp. 

<A - Douglas R. Bettinger>: And then, Aalok, your litigation expenses, you probably know litigation spending, to the 
extent that you're going to trial with somebody, can be lumpy, up one quarter, down the next. What you saw over the 
last couple of quarters is we've resolved several law suits so the run rate of litigation spending has come down. We've 
got one big suit that's coming in the summertime where I expect spending will tick up a little bit when we get close to 
that TriQuint litigation. And it will be lumpy. It will be up and down depending on what's happening with that case. 

<Q - Aalok K. Shah>: Great. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Douglas R. Bettinger>: Thanks, Aalok. 

Operator 

And the next question comes from the line of Ian Ing with Lazard Capital Markets, please proceed. 

<Q - Ian Lee Ing>: Yes. Great. Thank you. You talked about better-than-expected wireless cost reduction. So, could 
you talk about the utilization of your RF fabs going from – to January from October and your expectations going 
forward as your demand increases, but also your capacity and CapEx investment increases? Thanks. 


<A - Douglas R. Bettinger>: Yeah, Ian. This is Doug. Our utilization isn't super high right now on the wireless fab. I 
think last quarter it was probably running around 50%, and that was fairly consistent from the quarter before it. So, it's 
not ramping up or ramping down. You know, we've put capacity in place for those peak revenue quarters, which tend to 
be in the back half, at least seasonally in the back half of the year, where utilization moves up. And so that's when you 
would expect to see utilization move up. And, as we put capacity in place, the profile of utilization really won't change 
much. And to remind you, what we're doing with that capacity we're putting in place is essentially bringing some stuff 
that's outside the company inside the company. 

<Q - Ian Lee Ing>: Okay. Great. And then, optics, you talked about helping the wireless infrastructure growth. Could 
you talk about more what's driving that? Is it your OEM exposure succeeding in the market? Is it the number of 
channels going up? Is it sort of shifting from SFP to XFP, to 16-gig optics, et cetera? Thanks. 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Excuse me, would you mind 


<A - Douglas R. Bettinger>: I'm not sure we understood the question here. 

<Q - Ian Lee Ing>: Just trying to understand the drivers of the optics growth that you're guiding to and sort of, what's 
behind that. Is it the OEM exposure, or is it sort of content going up? 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Well, in broad perspective, this for Q2 guidance, we continue – we see a strength in optics, fiber 
optic interconnectors, couple reasons. One is carrier routing, where we supply a lot of content, proprietary content, 
continues to be very strong. And I suspect a lot of it going to carrier routing, call routing, is typically using backhaul, 
major backhauls. And we see that continuing to be very strong, particularly in North America. Also in, to some extent 
in China, though that maybe have been tapered out somewhat. But we continue to see strength of that, strength from 
that in Q2 following Q1, our Q1, that is. 

And the other area that continues to show strength for optical is we've got a lot of increasing content and a lot of 
content into data center and the conversion to 10G in Internet, and the conversion to 16G in storage fiber channel. 

<Q - Ian Lee Ing>: Okay. So 10-gig Romley, and 16-gig in storage. Thanks. 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Right. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] And the next question comes from the line of Brendan Furlong with Miller Tabak. Please 
proceed. 

<Q - Brendan Furlong>: Good afternoon, everybody. Thank you. One quick question on the LTE, the early iterations 
of LTE at the end of last year had various power performance issues, and you had a high dollar content on those LTE 
phones. As we get a new generation of LTE ramping in the back half of this year, do you still have the same high dollar 
content, or is the re-architecting of LTE a little bit – you know, lower your BOM a little bit? Thank you. 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Oh. I'm trying to think – and the reason is I'm trying to think to answer your question in that 
regard. No, I think we had a lot of content last year because of the unique nature of a phone that uses WiMAX. You 
know, there was WiMAX phones last year. That was great content. That was not obviously a very sustainable 
phenomenon, but the sustainable phenomenon, which is strictly LTE – and I consider WiMAX as L-4G, which is the 
same generation as LTE, so forgive me if I seem to confuse you. But, while last year, our strength in content was 
WiMAX, but the LTE side really didn't have that strong – huge content. 

And the content this second half of year, one generation later, will increase. To answer your question, yeah, it will 
increase. As you heard in earlier question, you are increased to a point where you're starting to have modules that run 
with – more and more with two bands simultaneously, front-end modules rather than just sticking with one band; 
modules that run with two bands and potentially even more down the road. 


So, content will increase as phones, smartphones, become universally more prevalent, in the sense that you don't make 
a phone to run just one carrier by itself. You try to make the phones that can roam worldwide and run many, many 
bands, which increases the content, and that just happens to be the nature of LTE phones. And so there is – this thing 
increasing content, not LTE per se, but LTE adds to the complexity of world's smartphone and that enables people like 
us to add more content. 

<Q - Brendan Furlong>: Excellent. Thank you very much. 

<A - Douglas R. Bettinger>: Thanks, Brendan. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the question-and-answer session for today's call. I would now like to hand the 
call over to Mr. Tom Krause for closing remarks. 

Thomas Krause 

Thank you, Operator. Before we close, I would like to remind everyone that Avago will present at Morgan Stanley's 
Technology conference in San Francisco next week, February 28. These presentations will be webcast live and 
archived for replay in the Investors section of Avago's website. 

Thank you for participating in today's earnings call. We look forward to talking with you again when we report our 
second quarter fiscal year 2012 financial results in late May. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2012, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


