Q3 2014 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Ashish Saran 
• Hock E. Tan 
• Anthony E. Maslowski 
Other Participants 

• John W. Pitzer 
• Vivek Arya 
• Ross C. Seymore 
• Matt Diamond 
• Blayne Curtis 
• James Covello 
• Harlan L. Sur 
• Craig M. Hettenbach 
• JoAnne Feeney 
• Ian L. Ing 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Welcome to the Avago Technologies Limited Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2014 Financial Results Conference Call. At 
this time for opening remarks and introductions I would like to turn the call over to Ashish Saran, Director of Investor 
Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 

Ashish Saran 

Thank you, operator, and good afternoon everyone. Joining me today are Hock Tan, President and CEO; and Tony 
Maslowski, Chief Financial Officer of Avago Technologies. 

After the market closed today Avago distributed a press release and financial tables describing our financial 
performance for the third quarter fiscal year 2014. If you did not receive a copy you may obtain the information from 
the Investors section of Avago's website at www.avagotech.com. 

This conference call is being webcast live and a recording will be available via telephone playback for one week. It will 
also be archived in the Investors section of our website at avagotech.com. 

During the prepared comments section of this call Hock and Tony will be providing details of our third fiscal quarter 
results, background to our fourth quarter outlook and some commentary regarding the business environment. We will 
take questions after the end of our prepared comments. 

In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Avago reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation 
between GAAP and non-GAAP measures in included in the tables attached to today's press release. Comments made 
during today's call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. Please refer to our press release today and 


our recent filings with the SEC for information on the specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ 
materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. 

At this time I would like to turn the call over to Hock Tan. Hock? 

Hock E. Tan 

Thank you, Ashish. Good afternoon, everyone. We're going to start today by reviewing recent business highlights in 
our end markets and I'm going to give you an update on progress of our integration and then Tony will provide a 
summary of our third quarter fiscal 2014 financial results. 

So during our first quarter as a combined company we have made great progress in integrating the Avago and LSI 
businesses. As you all are aware, in early May this year, as part of our cost reduction program associated with the 
acquisition of LSI, we announced our intent to eliminate approximately 1,100 positions from our workforce, and which 
would generate most of the forecasted annual cost synergies of $200 million. This is still in progress very much, but we 
believe we are well on our way to achieving this before the end of fiscal 2015. 

On top of integrating the two companies and their workforce, we have also taken decisive steps to reshape our business 
to make our product portfolio more consistent with our business model. As you know because of this we have agreed to 
sell two noncore businesses, the LSI's Flash and Axxia businesses. Now revenue associated with these two businesses 
was a little over $100 million in Q3 fiscal 2014 while the annualized operating expenses for these two businesses 
exceeded $200 million. So reflecting this, these two businesses will be reported as discontinued operations with 
revenues and costs taken out of P&L going forward. 

However, please note that the guidance we have provided for the third quarter still includes expected contributions 
from both the Flash and Axxia businesses. And relative to this revenue guidance range of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion we 
provided in May, our Q3 revenues reported were $1.394 billion, which is at a high end of guidance, reflecting strong 
demand for our ASIC networking products and seasonal uptick in hard disk drives. 

Without revenue contribution from the Flash and Axxia businesses, Q3 revenues from continuing operations would be 
$1.287 billion. So starting with Q3, our reported consolidated financial results will be shown in this manner. 

So turning now to a discussion of our end markets. As I mentioned in prior quarter's earnings call, with the combination 
of LSI, our mix of revenue now includes revenues from a new end market, enterprise storage in addition to the 
previously defined wireless, wired infrastructure and industrial. 

Starting with wireless which, as you know, is pretty much classic Avago, not impacted by the LSI acquisition. For 
fiscal Q3, revenue from our wireless end market met expectation, moderately growing by 5% sequentially. Wireless 
represented 28% of our total revenue from continuing operations and on a year-to-year basis wireless revenue grew 
26%. 

Within the quarter we observed continuing demand increases for our FBAR, and FBAR related products and seen 
increased content from Chinese LTE smartphones, offset partially by softer demand from Korea. 

However, looking at Q4 fiscal 2014, we expect quite a different picture. We anticipate very strong sequential wireless 
revenue growth in excess of 60%. We expect this growth to largely result from the ramp of a new phone model and a 
North American smartphone customer. Compounding this ramp is a significant increase in content driven by the 
increasing proliferation of wireless bands within LTE smartphones. 

Moving onto wired, our wired infrastructure end market includes our ASIC business and our fiber optics business, 
which is a combination in fiber optics of optical, interconnects, module that is, and components. For fiscal Q3, our 
wired end market performed as expected. Wired revenue represented 27% of our total revenues. Our ASIC business 
experienced significant strength from the prior quarter driven by strong demand from enterprise networking switches as 
well as service provider routers. Driven by similar trends, our fiber optics business experienced a moderate recovery 
from the prior quarter. In particular, we saw a strong sequential increase in BiDi fiber shipments used for 40G. 


We also saw sustained demand for optical components from fiber to the home deployments in China, but we were 
capacity constrained within the quarter. Looking forward to Q4, we expect low single-digit sequential growth, revenue 
growth, from this end market. We expect growth in our ASIC business from sustained demand in the enterprise 
switching and routing. Our leading IP in particular in high speed SerDes with 25G and 50G offerings continues to 
position us extremely well at many customers. And in Q4 we expect several design wins in high-performance 
computing platforms and software-defined networking switches. 

For fiber, however, we expect that to be flattish in Q4. We expect growth in our BiDi products, we expect continued 
growth, I should say, in our BiDi products, offset however by a slowdown in 4G LTE wireless backhaul applications. 

Moving on to enterprise storage, and as I mentioned, this was a new end market for Avago in Q3, addressed by LSI's 
hard disk drive and service storage connectivity product lines. Starting in Q4, this end market will also include 
contributions from the recent PLX acquisition. 

For fiscal Q3, enterprise storage revenue came in also as expected and represented 32% of our total revenues. Hard disk 
drive was strong as we benefited from seasonal strength in this end market, as well as certain design wins for custom 
solid-state drive controllers within the quarter. Our RAID channel in hard drives grew both in near-line as well as 
enterprise platforms and we saw strength in 3.5 inch desktops. 

Demand also for our preamp products was strong as customers built into expected seasonal strength in the quarter. Our 
server storage connectivity business, which include our SAS, RAID silicon adapter and software solutions continue to 
be very stable in Q3. Looking forward to Q4, our enterprise storage end market expects mid-single digit sequential 
revenue growth for the core business without contribution from the PLX business. Including PLX contribution, we 
expect sequential revenue growth for this end market to be a little higher than 10%. 

In Q4, we expect server and storage connectivity to grow significantly as our server OEM customers start launching 
new Grantley-based platforms using our 12G SAS solutions. And we expect our HDD business, hard disk drive 
business, to grow more directly, reflecting usual seasonality in the second half of the year. 

Finally, moving on to our industrial and our smallest end market, this does also include LSI's IP licensing business, and 
in fiscal Q3 this end market saw strength compared to the prior quarter and represented 13% of our total revenues. 
Industrial resales in particular were even stronger, especially in Asia and Japan. And overall distributor inventory 
continued to decline within the quarter. Looking into Q4, we expect our industrial to continue to grow with mid-single 
digit sequential growth rate, however, after such a strong Q3 we expect industrial resales to moderate and we're closely 
watching Europe for weaker demand trends. However, we continue to see strength in Japan and China. 

So in summary for Q4 we expect revenue to grow – consolidated revenue to grow sequentially in all our end markets; 
very strong 60% plus in wireless, low-single-digits sequential growth in wired, a little higher than 10% growth in 
enterprise storage and mid-single digit growth in industrial. This leads to our overall expectation that revenue from 
continuing operations for fourth quarter fiscal 2014 to sequentially increase around 20%. Similar to what we 
experienced last year, we currently expect the increase in wireless demand to sustain into the first quarter of our fiscal 
2015. 

With that let me now turn the call over to Tony for a more detailed review of third quarter fiscal 2014 financials. Tony? 

Anthony E. Maslowski 

Thank you, Hock and good afternoon, everyone. As we've previously announced, we have definitively agreed to sell 
our Flash and Axxia networking businesses, and we currently expect both of these transactions to close in Q4 fiscal 
2014. Accordingly, the financial results and tables included in our third quarter fiscal year 2014 earnings press release 
classify these businesses as discontinued operations. As a reminder, we acquired both of these businesses in the LSI 
transaction. 


Before reviewing the third quarter fiscal 2014 financial results, I want to remind you that my comments today will 
focus primarily on our non-GAAP results from continuing operations unless otherwise specifically noted. A 
reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP data is included with the earnings release issued today and is also available 
on our website at www.avagotech.com. 

Since the guidance we provided for the third quarter included expected contributions from both Flash and Axxia 
businesses, I will provide Q3 revenues on a basis comparable to guidance, followed by detailed financial results for 
continuing operations only. Please also note that Q3 results include contributions from continuing operations of 
acquired LSI businesses while prior periods mentioned do not, as the LSI acquisition was completed at the beginning of 
Q3 2014. In addition, the Q3 financial results do not include any contributions from PLX, which closed in Q4. 

Now on to our Q3 results, relative to the guidance we provided in May, our Q3 non-GAAP revenues including 
contributions from Flash and Axxia businesses now classified as discontinued operations were $1.394 billion, coming 
in at the high end of our guidance. 

Now turning to a more detailed discussion on financial results for continuing operations for the third quarter, Q3 
revenues were $1.287 billion and all our end markets performed as expected. Foxconn was a greater than 10% 
customer in fiscal Q3. Our Q3 growth margin from continuing operations was 57%, which is above our guidance range 
of 54% to 56%. Please remember that our guidance range included expected contributions from Flash and Axxia 
businesses, both of which typically run at a lower average gross margin than the rest of the business. Flash and Axxia 
are now classified as discontinued operations and are not included in gross margin for the quarter. This combined with 
our revenues coming in at the high end of guidance resulted in gross margins above our original guidance. 

Turning to operating expenses, R&D expenses were $219 million and SG&A expenses were $88 million, driving total 
operating expenses for Q3 to $307 million. As a percentage of sales, R&D was 17%, SG&A was 7% of net revenue. 
The guidance we had provided in May for Q3 operating expenses was $386 million, which included the Flash and 
Axxia businesses. After adjusting for the impact from discontinued operations, our Q3 operating expenses were 
approximately $20 million better than our expectations in May, primarily due to progress in our cost reduction program 
associated with the LSI acquisition. 

Income from operations for the quarter was $428 million and represented 33% of net revenue. Taxes came in at $24 
million for Q3, $4 million above our guidance; this was primarily due to higher income than forecast. Q3 net income 
was $347 million and Q3 earnings per diluted share were $1.26. 

Q3 interest expense and other was $57 million, specifically interest expense related to our debt was $55 million. Our 
share-based compensation in Q3 was $50 million. The breakdown of the expense for Q3 includes $6 million in cost of 
goods sold, $20 million in R&D, $24 million in SG&A. 

In Q4 2014 we anticipate share-based compensation will be approximately $52 million and this includes the estimated 
impact of the PLX acquisition. Just as a reminder, our definition of non-GAAP net income excludes share-based 
compensation expense. 

Moving to the balance sheet, our days sales outstanding were 39 days, an improvement from the prior quarter's 42 days. 
Our inventory ended at $482 million and days on hand were 79 days, which decreased seven days from Q2. We ended 
the quarter with a cash balance of $1.277 billion and generated $314 million in operational cash flow. As a reminder, 
the PLX acquisition which consumed approximately $310 million in cash closed after the quarter ended. 

We spent $95 million on capital expenditures. For Q4, we expect CapEx to be approximately $220 million which 
primarily relates to spending to support our continued build-out of FBAR capacity as well as Avago LSI integration 
activities supporting IT and a campus rationalization. 

During the quarter we did not purchase any shares. We currently expect to use some of the anticipated net proceeds 
from the sale of the Flash and Axxia businesses less the payment for the PLX acquisition towards paying down a 
portion of our outstanding term loan before the end of this calendar year. On June 30, 2014 we paid a quarterly cash 
dividend of $0.29 per ordinary share, which consumed $73 million of cash. This dividend was raised by $0.02 from the 


prior quarter. Since the inception of our dividend program in Q2 of 2011 to-date our financial performance has allowed 
us to increase our dividend each quarter. As a reminder, our board reviews and determines our dividend policy on a 
quarterly basis based on our financial performance and other factors deemed relevant by our board. 

Now, let me turn to our non-GAAP guidance for fourth quarter of fiscal 2014. This guidance reflects our current 
assessment of business conditions. We do not intend to update this guidance. Our Q4 guidance includes the estimated 
effect of the PLX acquisition which closed on August 12, about a week-and-a-half into our quarter. This guidance is for 
results from continuing operations only and does not include any contribution from the Flash or Axxia businesses. 

Net revenue is expected to grow in the range of 18% to 22% from Q3. Gross margin is expected to be 56%, plus or 
minus one percentage point. Operating expenses are estimated to be approximately $307 million. Taxes are forecasted 
to be approximately $38 million. Net interest expense and other expected to be approximately $53 million. And finally, 
the diluted share count forecast is for 279 million shares. 

I'm very pleased with the speed of our business' evolution as in a very short period we have significantly transformed 
Avago, increasing our scale considerably with the LSI acquisition while also selling product lines that do not 
strategically fit with our long-term business model. This combined with our progress on restructuring cost synergies is 
driving our non-GAAP operating margins for continuing operations over 30%. 

That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Certainly. [Operator Instructions] We would just ask that you keep your questions to a minimum of one and one 
follow-up question. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. 

<Q - John W. Pitzer>: Yeah, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Hock, Tony 
congratulations on a strong quarter. Hock, my first question is just on the wireless build business. I'm wondering in the 
October guidance if you can help us better understand, up 60% sequentially. How much of that is unit versus content 
and in addition to that, if you think about the content trends in the LTE market in China, where are we today and where 
can you expect that to go over time? 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Wow, those are lot of questions. But let me take the broader question, which is what is content 
versus unit. I would say probably one-third unit, two-third content. It's probably roughly what our overall wireless 
revenue represents. It's hard to really measure because it's more than just content. It's the mix of products that also starts 
to shift through it all. But for purpose of your addressing it in a fairly simple, direct manner, probably one-third due to 
unit growth and two-thirds due to content is what's driving the overall expansion of the revenues. 

And to answer your question, yeah it's all LTE phones. As you know, LTE phones has not only to factor in more and 
more LTE bands, roaming bands in multiple continents through multiple carriers, it's also related to the fact that it has 
to be backward compatible if you have a bunch of 3Gs and 2Gs including CDMAs. So the number of bands in every 
LTE smartphone increases more than linearly. I hate to use the word exponentially, but it almost feels that way. And 
really, the more bands they use in LTE, the more chances there are that FBAR and FBAR related content is required. 
Not every LTE band needs an FBAR, but the more bands there are, the more coexistence issues exist, especially like in 
China, China Mobile, where Wi-Fi exists and the TD-LTE bands 39,40,41 has issues operating with Wi-Fi. That tends 
to bring in increased instances of usage of FBAR. 

So our content in China content-wise has gone up quite significantly, as I indicated in my remarks. And the trend, my 
view is there to stay. Now, there is also going on the possibility that there are clever ways to do it when you find ways 
to reduce the band by keeping the phone usage within narrower regions. And so that does eliminate – there's a counter 
trend to reduce in some of these phones the expansion of content. But if you look at it broad based, longer term trend, it 
is a trend towards increasing content. 


<Q - John W. Pitzer>: Hock, that's really helpful. Then as my follow-up, I believe in your prepared comments you 
said there were some capacity constraints in your wired business. I wondered if you can just talk more specifically 
exactly where those constraints were? How much did it limit revenue in the just reported quarter? And does the 
guidance for October assume those capacity constraints have gone away? 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Well, it's really related to our fab on edge-emitting lasers. A lot of edge-emitting lasers that came 
with our CyOptics acquisition a year-and-a-half ago, and a large part of it goes into the same fab, the same product 
process line, goes into what I call metro networks, single-mode fiber optics as well as that same production line goes to 
produce lasers, components for fiber-to-the-home deployment. And as both strengthened last six months, our 
occupancy just jammed. 

As I mentioned, 4G LTE backhaul seems to have slowed down somewhat, so that enables us to push more into 
fiber-to-home deployments, which is very helpful. But we feel capacity constraint even as we expand our capacity 
gradually this quarter, Q4 will still capacity constraint. 

<Q - John W. Pitzer>: Okay. Thanks again. 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: As far as how much revenues, I don't want to be speculative. We don't sell it. We don't tell it. 

<Q - John W. Pitzer>: Great. Thanks, Hock. Congratulations again. 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Vivek Arya from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Thank you for taking my question. Hock, maybe another one on wireless; when I look at the last 
few years, you've always had very strong seasonal Q4s, and then we have seen some modest seasonal declines in Q1, 
flat to down 2%, 3% or so. Now, given the very sharp 60% plus growth that you are expecting in Q4, how should we 
think about the potential seasonal correction in Q1? Or do you think that there's a possibility that growth in China could 
perhaps correct for any moderation at your North American customer? 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Well, Vivek, if I could correct that image, that picture's perception slightly, you're right. 
Historically Q3, Q4 were our seasonally up quarters and Q1 rollover. But then what happened the last couple years was 
that has changed. The seasonally strong quarter is Q4 and Q1 maintaining before it rolls over in Q2. And given that 
with more recent trends and given what were behind the reasons behind those recent trends, compounded with 
continuing strength in China LTE phones, I would say I would expect, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, that our 
wireless strength this Q4 will likely sustain in Q1 before rolling over in Q2. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Got it. Then maybe as a follow-up, as I look at the trajectory of operating expenses, obviously very 
strong performance in controlling OpEx and with all the divestitures that we have done. When I look back prior to the 
LSI acquisition, I think your OpEx to sales was around 20%, 21-ish% and your Q4 guidance suggest that you're already 
at those levels. So I'm trying to put the OpEx to sales as you have had historically in the context of more room that you 
have in the $200 million or so that you had outlined in terms of the cost synergies. So the other way of asking the 
question is how should we think about OpEx trajectory over the next few quarters? Thank you. 

<A - Anthony E. Maslowski>: Okay. So, Vivek, obviously we're very pleased with the progress. But in that first 
bucket of what we call real savings, we still have a lot to do. There's stuff to do for the next four quarters. As I 
mentioned, those 1,100 people are identified. They're rolling off into these next four quarters. So there's room. So I 
think the other way to look at it is if you look at the number of the $307 million that we guided to, that includes 
approximately $10 million from PLX. So you can see we're continuing to do things quarter-over-quarter. Now, as I've 
always said, for the six quarters of OpEx reduction, we're going to get some quick reductions in the first couple of 
quarters like you saw. We kind of flatten out here for the next couple of quarters, and then you'll see it reaccelerate into 


Q3 and Q4. Again, offset against any standard merits or bonus increases we do in the coming year. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Is there a certain ratio, Tony, that we can target? Or certain absolute level as we think about, let's 
say. The back half of fiscal 2015 in terms of the OpEx run rate? 

<A - Anthony E. Maslowski>: No. Because, again, then I have to make some guesses on revenue out there for us. So I 
can't really do that. But, again, I think you can see that we're making good progress, and I'd definitely not make a 
headline that we're done somehow. That's the key point we want to get across. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Ross C. Seymore>: Hi, guys. Congrats on the strong results. Just had a question outside of wireless, specifically 
on your wired infrastructure as well as your industrial businesses. There's been a number of companies that have 
pointed to a little bit of a slowing there and investors have been a little bit of concerned about a peaking in the cycle. So 
Hock, I guess my question is what are you seeing as far as the balance between supply and demand in those segments 
and how are you feeling cyclically? 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Well, they are both very different markets, by the way, of course. So if I address industrial, you're 
right, there is a slowing down in the growth of industrial. And I would say industrial, as I mentioned, last quarter, Q3, 
was industrial resale [indiscernible] (32:08). Our revenue ship rate, which goes through largely industrial to 
distributors, but really resale, what our distributors sell out there which we [ph] trade (32:18), it was high single-digits 
last quarter sequential growth, industrial. And I think this quarter it will slow down to probably mid-single digit is what 
I'm indicating. So there is a slowdown, but it depends on the geography that we are looking at. 

I see China and Japan continuing to still be okay, but I see Europe as definitely flattening and starting to slow down ,I 
mean more than flatten, starting to slow down. North America has been flat the last three quarters, maybe there's been a 
slight increase now to sort of make it up. So you have a mix set of circumstances and I suspect it also depends on 
products one sells. Like, we serve two, three industrial end markets and I'd tell you they behave very differently. In 
servo drives, which is one big area in industrial consumption where we sell a lot of our products into, it's still good. 
And servo drives are used in motors and all that, still good. Inverters continues to be weak. Factory automation, up 
sometimes, down sometimes, mixed habit, and we continue to see this mixed bag. And part of servo being strong is 
related obviously to the ramp-up of capacity for some of these product ramps that we are talking about in China. 

<Q - Matt Diamond>: Okay, great. Hock, I'm sorry, this is actually Matt Diamond, I'm calling on behalf of Ross who 
just got disconnected. I want to ask you about the pace of debt repo going forward. Could you shed a little more light 
on that? 

<A - Anthony E. Maslowski>: Yeah, so as we mentioned, definitely through the sales and also the purchase of PLX 
we'll be making some debt pay-down and then also from free cash flow going forward. We haven't really said – we said 
it's going to be kind of in chunks, something in the $0.5 billion range when we do these payoffs and we're not 
committing to a quarter-over-quarter type steady pay down. I think you can see what the free cash flow the company 
generates and you can model a modest amount of that going toward the debt pay down over time. 

<Q - Matt Diamond>: Understood. Thanks so much. 

<A - Anthony E. Maslowski>: All right. 

<A - Ashish Saran>: Can we have the next question, please? 

Operator 


Yup. Our next question comes from Blayne Curtis from Barclays. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Hey, good afternoon guys and a great quarter. I was wondering if you could just go back to 
wireless, Hock, obviously a large North American ramp. Can you just talk about what you're seeing in the China LTE 
market? It was strong for you last quarter, are you seeing that continuing? There has been some indications of some 
inventory moderation, what do you think? 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: No, we continued to see strength. What may be our benefit is most of our demand are very, very 
much in LTE folks. And that's a niche part of the overall China market, as you well know, even though it's a 
fast-growing niche. And that strength, that demand has been holding up very nicely. We have not seen any significant 
hiccups and I think it's not just units that's driving us, it's content in those phones that is also helping our volume. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Okay. Thanks. And then for Tony, on the CapEx, is this – this build, is this a one-time in 
October and you go back to that more $100 million a quarter run-rate? And with that addition, how much was FBAR 
capacity in October? 

<A - Anthony E. Maslowski>: Yeah, I'd say that well over half has to do with FBAR, first off. And as we've always 
said, whenever we add FBAR capacity this capacity pays itself off fairly quickly. So you can see that the couple 
hundred million quarter-over-quarter in wireless revenue, that's FBAR related. And if you put in any reasonable gross 
margin you can see that we're going to pay for this CapEx pretty quickly. 

Now, whether or not this continues on this trend forever, it's doubtful. We have to get some of this FBAR capacity in 
place. We also had a building that we bought that was supposed to happen at the end of Q3 that pushed into Q4, it was 
a little under $20 million. So I think that had impact as well. But we're not giving any long-term CapEx as of yet. You'll 
see us do it in a smart fashion as soon as we have line of sight for opportunities. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Okay. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

Okay. Our next question comes from James Covello from Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - James Covello>: Great, guys. Good afternoon. Thanks so much for taking the question. Terrific results, 
congratulations. First, I guess, a high level question, I think immediately after the LSI acquisition you guys had talked 
about kind of on a go-forward basis you seeing this being a 6% to 8% long-term growth business, if I remember that 
correctly? Is there any update to that number, given the puts and takes to the product portfolio since then? 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Good question, James. Yes. We did say 6% to 8%, because we're doing the math and that may 
still be right. But in the short-term if someone said before me long time, all our four cylinders are firing, and one is 
probably on turbo charge. So it's probably the wrong time to ask that question, but we probably still believe it's a 
long-term model that is probably maybe high single digits sustainable growth. 

<Q - James Covello>: Terrific. That's very helpful perspective. For a follow-up, relative to the commentary on Europe 
industrial in particular, do you think it's a situation where customers are just kind of seeing the headlines about slower 
growth? Or some issues in some of the European areas and they're taking a more conservative approach on the 
inventory side? Or do you think that there's actual inflections in demand in some of those areas? Thank you. 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Thank you. Well, there are multiple reasons. In Europe there is this Russian situation that's not 
helping in many ways in particular to Europe. Then there has been, and we've noticed that now for a while, more 
recently last couple of quarters, is exchange rate. And European – industrial OEMs comes from two locations in the 
world, Japan, Germany. And the German OEMs operating with the euros have an issue on exchange rate compared to 
the Japanese. That's why we're seeing Japanese demand from industrial OEMs product sustaining whereas Europeans 
are flattening. I suspect both have something to do with it. One is domestic demand for us in Europe, but two is also 
exports related to competitiveness. 


<Q - James Covello>: Very helpful. Thank you so much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Harlan Sur from JPMorgan. 

<Q - Harlan L. Sur>: Thank you for taking my question and solid job on the quarterly execution. Following on the 
prior question on the OpEx reductions, of the $80 million of lower OpEx that you delivered in Q3 relative to your prior 
guidance, I estimate that about $55 million of that benefit coming from the SSD and networking standard products 
businesses, which are now lumped into discontinued ops, which means that you guys probably captured about $20 
million to $25 million of true OpEx synergies. And more importantly implies that you still have another roughly $25 
million of synergies to capture per quarter on a go-forward basis. Is that kind of how we should think about it? 

<A - Anthony E. Maslowski>: Again, as we mentioned earlier, that you're correct on the first point. The reshaping of 
the business, that second bucket we've kind of filled up nicely on an annualized basis north of $200 million. On that 
first one you got to remember that the $200 million commitment included both OpEx and some above the line as well. 
So you have to take that $50 million per quarter and say some of it goes above the line. So yes, we made great progress 
in this first quarter. You can see another, like I said, implied progress of another $10 million approximately in Q4, and 
then we'll get the rest of it through the next four quarters. 

<Q - Harlan L. Sur>: Got it. Great. And then good to see the growth in your enterprise storage business; as you think 
about your HDD segment more from a longer-term perspective and given what you've observed thus far from the LSI 
team's roadmaps and discussions with your HDD customers, what's the opportunity for you guys to actually gain some 
market share on the HDD controller side, just given that your other competitor has close to 70% market share and 
there's probably a bias for your customers to drive a more balanced supplier mix? 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: You know it's still early in the game, but also one thing I noticed about this business, it's very, 
very stable. And there are no room for heroes and we're not into heroics. My best answer to what you said is, no, I think 
I see this business as continuing to be single-digit growth and very stable, is one of the operating words. This is more a 
business of maximizing operating return from a very stable top line. 

<Q - Harlan L. Sur>: Got it. Thank you. 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Okay. Our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Craig M. Hettenbach>: Yes. Thank you. Given the strong 60% growth expected in wireless, are you seeing 
anything in terms of the order environment or visibility in terms of how customers are placing orders? 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: In wireless? 

<Q - Craig M. Hettenbach>: Yes. 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Oh, yeah, lead times have stretched out and it's – in our wireless business we pretty much have 
our entire quarter's backlog on the books already. So lead time has definitely stretched out and our fab, as we have said 
before and continue to say, is running full. And so it's – we have a very well-managed environment currently. 

<Q - Craig M. Hettenbach>: Got it. Okay. Thanks for that. If I could follow-up on the margin front, Tony, just 
looking at you printed over 33% margins this quarter, the model prior to LSI was 29% to 32% and I know you were 
kind of on the path of exceeding that, but given the very firm margins here, how are you thinking about over the 
intermediate to longer term in terms of the potential op margins you can put up? 


<A - Anthony E. Maslowski>: Well, again, give us a little more time. We want to get a couple quarters under our belt 
of the two significant businesses. We'll probably do some update to our long-term model both on OpEx, operating 
margin sometime in the next couple of quarters. But you can see that we accomplished the north of $30 million. But 
again, we don't want to give you any implication that we're done with anything. There's a lot left to do here. There's a 
lot left to drive out of the cost structure of the combined company. So again, you have to be a little patient on a 
long-term model update. 

<Q - Craig M. Hettenbach>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thanks. Our next question comes from JoAnne Feeney from ABR Investment Strategy. 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: Thank you. And congrats on the quarter and the outlook. I would like to ask a longer-term 
question on the wireless front, obviously benefiting pretty strongly this year from content gains as well as unit growth. 
I'm wondering what you see in two years, three years? Is this sort of a last hurrah for significant content gains? Or do 
you have visibility towards further gains? And what sort of magnitude do you anticipate? And would those be in 
flagship models or just really from the spread of 4G to emerging markets? 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Okay. I can address it very, very simply, JoAnne. We have visibility to the next couple 
generations somewhat, as we engage in looking through architectures, our RF architectures on high end LTE 
smartphones. And the number of bands and by extension one-for-one the number of filters that goes into the next 
generation and one and plus two after that, the increased bands is exponential. It is even been getting more and more 
bands into each phone. And our sense of it is we think that kind of horizon that we have some, obviously some sense, 
some visibility of, not perfect visibility but definitely some, especially as it relates to RF architectures for smartphone 
LTE handsets be it a 4G, 4.5G and obviously potentially beyond that. There's just more and more bands and we see that 
linear expansion of demand for filters. 

We also see miniaturization, which actually requires then all those bands to be squeezed into tighter and tighter spaces, 
which then promotes the use more and more of creative architectures, that relates to PADs, especially PADs. Also the 
requirement for not just envelope tracking which we already know is happening, but carrier aggregation, which 
therefore pushes in more bands per phone as carriers seek to multiple bands in the same region that they have. What all 
we have seen so far, and this is not just sticking a finger in the air and hoping for the best, what we've seen in what 
engagements we are working with on phone OEMs is that future phones, future generation phones are going to require 
a substantial increase in number of bands per phone and with increased amount of content. 

From our perspective as we see this current quarter, this current generation, as illustrated by this current generation, 
content is the biggest driver of growth for us. And with content, as you are seeing here, what Tony said, it drives better 
and better product margin. 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: Great. That's really helpful, Hock. Thank you. And then as a follow-up question on the 
capacity side of FBAR and FBAR-related products and your competitor's BAW product line. You both now are adding 
capacity for next year. It sounds like you both are fairly constrained to meet demand this year. Have you looked at the 
total markets? Are you seeing any third-party providers of FBAR/BAW-type filters that could compress pricing in the 
future? And do you see the current capacity additions as in any way threatening the stability of the pricing environment 
for those products? 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: You know our filters, and with 4G and co-existent issues and more and more bands per phone in 
each region and carrier aggregation driving into the mix, it's not been a commodity in our filters, whether they be SAW 

– well, SAW filters maybe still is, but I can assure you a lot of these FBAR filters, BAW filters are not commodities 
because it is RF architectures that matter as much. And it's whether you put in switching, whether you put in 
multiplexes as we call it, multiplexes is a component that puts, aggregates, I won't use the word integrates, but 
aggregates multiple FBAR filters into one chip. It's coming into play more and more; and how you architect this whole 

thing is just as important as the very existence of just FBAR filtered fundamental performance. 

So no more tricks here now, and those tricks are getting harder and harder. So we're not unduly concerned, though we 
are paranoid about the existence of future players into this marketplace, because it's more than just being able to 
produce an FBAR filter, it's also being able to design them together in a phone. 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: Okay. Great. Thank you very much. That's very helpful. 

Operator 

Great. And our last question comes from Ian Ing from MKM Partners. 

<Q - Ian L. Ing>: Yes. Thanks and congrats on the strong execution. First, in wired infrastructure, how should we 
think of bidirectional optics from here? Are you going to expand more products beyond Nexus 9000 at your existing 
OEM? Or get into new OEMs? And what about the competitive landscape of new entrants possibly? 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Well, yeah, to answer that question bidirectional, yeah, bidirectional is an exciting thing for us. 
We put it out in – it's not new concept, though execution of it is one of the first. So we're doing it for 40G, and 
obviously we're working on doing it for 100G. It's just an expanding – well, it's a step up, but it's the same concept. 
And that's going on. And we're very excited about that. But there are multiple other proprietary solutions too in this 
marketplace that we're also working on, but this is the kind of thing that we love to do in fiber optics. 

<Q - Ian L. Ing>: Thanks. And then what are your thoughts on the changing RF landscape? You've got venders 
consolidating, there's more rational pricing possibly with just three players. You've got content increases. Any thoughts 
on perhaps more meaningfully going after more of the RF TAM? Perhaps more sockets that you otherwise wouldn't go 
after, things like SAW and TC-SAW, et cetera? 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: No, we're very good in certain specific areas. And as I mentioned many times before, the business 
model of this company is one of being very, very differentiated with technology and basically sticking to what we're 
very good at. We're very good at filtering. We're very good at combining power amplifier with FBAR filters, and 
making interesting results out of it, be it envelope tracking, carrier aggregation or a combination of both. We're sticking 
to that. And I think there's enough opportunities for us, especially the point I made earlier to a question from JoAnne, is 
that we see the content for filters is just continuing to increase pretty dramatically. And unlike our amplifiers, while you 
can integrate multiple bands to be supported by one single multi-mode multi-band power amplifier, you need one filter 
for each band. So that increase, that demand, that volume increase is going to be very exciting for us over the 
foreseeable future. 

<Q - Ian L. Ing>: Okay. Thanks. So ample runway on the existing FBAR strategy, thank you. 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: There is. 

Ashish Saran 

Thank you, operator. Thank you for participating in today's earnings call. We look forward to talking to you again 
when we report our fourth quarter fiscal year 2014 financial results. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes Avago's conference call for today. You may now disconnect and have a great 
day. 


This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2016, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


