Q1 2014 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Bin Jiang 
• Hock E. Tan 
• Anthony E. Maslowski 
Other Participants 

• Jim E. Schneider 
• Craig M. Hettenbach 
• Vivek Arya 
• Christopher Hemmelgarn 
• Sanjay Chaurasia 
• JoAnne Feeney 
• Doug Freedman 
• Vijay R. Rakesh 
• Steven Smigie 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Welcome to the Avago Technologies Limited First Quarter Fiscal Year 2014 Financial Results Conference Call. At this 
time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Bin Jiang, Director of Investor 
Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 

Bin Jiang 

Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me today are Hock Tan, President and CEO; and Tony 
Maslowski, Chief Financial Officer of Avago Technologies. After the market close today, Avago distributed a press 
release and the financial tables describing our financial performance for the first quarter of fiscal year 2014. If you did 
not receive a copy, you can obtain the information from the Investors section of Avago's website at avagotech.com. 
This conference call is being webcast live and a recording will be available via telephone playback for one week. It will 
also be archived in the Investors section of our website. During the prepared comments section of this call, Hock and 
Tony will be providing details of our first fiscal quarter results, background to our Q2 2014 outlook and some 
commentary regarding the business environment. We will take questions after the end of our prepared comments. 

In addition to U.S. GAAP reporting, Avago reports certain financial measures on a non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation 
between GAAP and non-GAAP measures is included in the tables attached to today's press release. Comments made 
during today's call will primarily refer to our non-GAAP financial results. Please refer to our press release today and 
our recent filings with the SEC for information on specific risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ 
materially from the forward-looking statements made on this call. 

At this time, I would like to turn the call Hock Tan. Hock? 


Hock E. Tan 

Thank you, Bin. Good afternoon, everyone. We are going to start today by reviewing recent market business highlights 
in our end markets, then Tony will provide a summary of the first quarter fiscal 2014 financial results. Revenue for first 
quarter was $709 million, and represented a decrease of 4% from last quarter and an increase of 23% from the same 
quarter a year ago. Now Q1 revenue came in slightly better than the midpoint of our initial guidance. Sequentially, 
seasonal down trends provided some headwinds in our wired and industrial business even as strong demand from a 
major smartphone OEM sustained our record wireless revenue through this quarter and but their historical norm of 
revenue declined in wireless in Q1. Having said all of that, the key message I want to impart this quarter is simply, that 
we have significant year-on-year revenue growth in wireless at 13% year-on-year and wide infrastructure at 59% 
year-on-year and have seen a clear recovery in industrial end demand from a year ago. 

Let me now provide more color on each of our end markets. Starting with wireless, revenue from wireless came in 
slightly above our expectation, growing 1% sequentially and represented 49% of our total revenues. On a year-on-year 
basis, as I mentioned in revenue, wireless revenue grew 13%. And as mentioned earlier, normally, our fiscal Q1 is a 
seasonally weak quarter for wireless; however, sustained demand from large OEM customers during the quarter help us 
achieve a second consecutive quarter of record wireless revenue. This period, I would also like to highlight an exciting 
development and it should come as no surprise that the push into LTE among carriers in China has enabled us to now 
design in meaningful content in the mass market China smartphones for the first time. This trend was significant 
enough to substantially grow our mix of FBAR revenue and expand wireless gross margin during the quarter. 

Looking towards Q2 of fiscal 2014, similar to last year, the annual product transition at the same large OEM I referred 
to earlier will now be a significant headwind; however, we expect this may be partially offset by initial product ramp at 
another large OEM customer where we have won significant RF content. Moreover, we see in this quarter the 
proliferation by multiple white box OEMs of LTE-enabled handsets in China, which would accelerate demand for 
FBAR filters. The expected surge of FBAR sales will, in addition to expanding our wireless gross margin by over 200 
basis points further, partially cushion our decline in Q2 revenue from wireless to no more than mid-teens sequentially. 
Of course, year-on-year, we still project continued growth in our Wireless business. 

Moving on to wired infrastructure, wired revenue declined 7% sequentially and represented 32% of overall revenues. 
Year-on-year, this grew 59%, but closer to 20% without adding in CyOptics. Data center-related demand continued to 
be strong, particularly for our new generation 40 gigabit per second fiber optics. However, due to sluggish enterprise 
demand and soft carrier routing coupled with lone inventory adjustment at our major networking OEM customer, both 
our ASICs and fiber optics business declined sequentially compared to the preceding quarter. Now into this mix, we 
have also aggressively transformed the CyOptics business model from low-margin module revenue in China to 
high-end margin component sales. Despite this, strong demand by service providers, particularly for optical 100G 
coherent transport solution has enabled us to sustain the CyOptics revenue level. 

Looking forward to Q2, we believe strength in data spending will continue. In fact, we expect to see the initial ramp of 
our proprietary bi-directional optical transceivers for simultaneous 10G and 40G transmission which have been adopted 
by a major networking customer in the new generation data center platforms. While network switching remains muted, 
we expect demand from edge routing as well as high performance computing will drive sequential revenue growth for 
ASIC and as a result, we anticipate wired infrastructure revenue to grow mid-single digits on a percentage basis 
compared with Q1. Importantly, year-on-year, we expect to sustain our revenue growth trajectory in this end market. 

Finally moving on to industrial, industrial sales declined 11% sequentially, below our expectation at the beginning of 
the quarter, but nonetheless showed a steady recovery of 6% from the relative bottom of a year ago. Industrial sales 
represented 19% of our overall revenues. This weaker than expected sales were caused largely by our ongoing actions 
to contract inventory in the channels, which exacerbated the single-digit seasonal decline in distribution resales in this 
end market. But not all regional geographies behave the same way. As is normal this quarter, we experienced low 
single digit declines in North America and Europe. However, Japan continues its industrial recovery based on domestic 
demand and strong export performance, while Asia remained virtually stable supported largely by China's spending. 


Looking into Q2, we expect industrial resales worldwide will rebound by mid-single digit on a percentage basis. We 
also plan to ship more into distributor channels in anticipation of this improvement in industrial demand. Accordingly, 
revenue for industrial end markets is forecast to grow high-single digits on a percentage basis from that to Q1. By the 
same token year-on-year, we anticipate industrial sales will also expand high-single digits. To sum up, in second fiscal 
quarter, should I say, we expect product transition at a major OEM in wireless which will drive consolidated sales 
down despite sequential growth in both wired infrastructure and industrial. Accordingly, we're guiding overall revenue 
to decline between 3% to 6% from that of Q1. Notwithstanding, we expect that the favorable growth trend year-on-year 
experienced in our three end markets during Q1 will persist into Q2. 

With that, let me now turn the call over to Tony for a more detailed review of our first quarter fiscal 2014 financials. 
Tony? 

Anthony E. Maslowski 

Thank you, Hock, and good afternoon, everyone. Before reviewing the first quarter fiscal 2014 financial results, I want 
to remind you that my comments today will focus primarily on our non-GAAP results. A reconciliation of our GAAP 
to non-GAAP data is included with the earnings release issued today and is also available at our website at 
www.avagotech.com. Revenue of $709 million in Q1 represents a decrease of 4% from last quarter and an increase of 
23% compared to the same quarter a year ago. The sequential decrease was in line with our guidance for the quarter. 
Revenue from our wireless target market came in slightly better than our expectation, though it was offset by 
weaker-than-expected revenue from our industrial target markets. Revenue from our wired infrastructure target market 
was roughly in line with our expectations. Foxconn continued to be a greater than 10% customer. 

Our Q1 gross margin was 52%, which was above our guidance for the quarter and also higher than the prior quarter. 
Gross margins improved in some of our product categories offsetting unfavorable product mix. I would like to highlight 
that during the quarter, we successfully improved the gross margin of the CyOptics business to our targeted level of 
approximately mid-40%s on a percentage basis; three quarters ahead of our original plan. We believe CyOptics gross 
margin has reached the level to support our overall corporate target. And therefore, we will stop commenting on it 
separately from this point forward. Turning to operating expenses, R&D expenses decreased by $2 million to $98 
million and SG&A decreased by $1 million to $44 million, driving total operating expenses for Q1 to $142 million, $3 
million below our guidance. The lower-than-expected operating expenses were primarily due to our curtailment and 
settlement gain from a change to our U.S. retiree medical plan benefit in the quarter. As a percentage of sales, R&D 
remain unchanged at 14% and SG&A remain unchanged at 6% of net revenue. 

Income from operations for the quarter decreased by $5 million sequentially to $224 million and represented 32% of 
net revenue compared to the $162 million for Q1 of last year, income from operations increased by $62 million helped 
primarily by higher revenue. Taxes came in at $7 million for Q1, $3 million below our guidance. This was due to a 
change in the jurisdictional mix of income and expense. Q1 net income of $217 million decreased by $10 million from 
the prior quarter and Q1 earnings per diluted share of $0.84 was $0.05 lower than Q4. Q4 2013 net income was higher 
primarily because of an $11 million increase in other income resulting from a gain on marketable securities. Compared 
to Q1 of last year, net income was $54 million higher and earnings per diluted share was $0.19 higher. Our share-based 
compensation in Q1 was $24 million. The breakdown of this expense for Q1 includes $3 million in cost of goods sold, 
$8 million in R&D, and $13 million in SG&A. In Q2 2014, we anticipate share-based compensation will be 
approximately $30 million. And just a reminder, the company's definition of non-GAAP net income excludes 
share-based compensation expense. 

Moving on to the balance sheet, our days sales outstanding dropped to 42 days from 52 days in the prior quarter. The 
decrease was due primarily to the linearity of revenue throughout the quarter, timing of shipments around the holiday 
season and our collection efforts. Our inventory ended at $286 million, a slight increase of $1 million from last quarter. 
Our wireless inventory remained at an elevated level in anticipation of continued strong demand throughout the year, 
particularly of our FBAR filter products. Days on hand were 76 days, which increased 5 days from Q4 given the lower 
revenue during the quarter. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $1.11 billion, and we generated $229 million 


in operational cash flow. We spent $52 million on capital expenditures. This was below our guidance for the quarter, 
mainly because of the timing of equipment delivery. For Q2, we expect CapEx to be approximately $70 million, 
primarily to support our continued build out of FBAR capacity. 

During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 270,000 shares, which consumed $12 million of cash. The buyback 
was lower than the prior quarter due to the timing of our negotiations to acquire LSI. On December 31, 2013, we paid a 
quarterly cash dividend of $0.25 per ordinary share, which consumed $62 million of cash. This dividend was raised by 
$0.02 from the prior quarter. Since the inception of our dividend program in Q2 2011 to date, we have continued to 
increase our dividend each quarter. 

Now let me turn to our non-GAAP guidance for the second quarter of fiscal 2014. This guidance reflects our current 
assessment of business conditions, and we do not intend to update this guidance. Total revenue is expected to be down 
in the range of 3% to 6% from Q1. Gross margin is expected to be 52.5%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. Operating 
expenses are estimated to be approximately $147 million. Taxes are forecasted to be approximately $7 million. And 
finally, the diluted share count forecast is for 261 million shares. 

That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Jim Schneider of once again from 
Goldman Sachs. Please proceed, sir. 

<Q - Jim E. Schneider>: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Very good performance in the gross margin side. You 
mentioned a couple of mix improvements within wireless and also within the wired business from CyOptics. Can you 
maybe talk a little bit about how much of the relative improvement was from each of those two buckets and whether 
we're kind of now at a level where that mix at least in the wireless is expected to kind of sustain itself in the current 
place? 

<A - Anthony E. Maslowski>: So, I think that the mix we're seeing improvement in the wireless side is sustainable. 
It's definitely things that you can get that as the FBAR mix and so forth. And then obviously, as Hock mentioned very 
directly, in CyOptics, we've moved several steps away from the subassembly business into more of a component 
business which is helpful to the bottom line as well. 

<Q - Jim E. Schneider>: Okay, thanks. And then as a follow-up, regarding your comments – talk around the inventory 
levels at distributors, it sounds like there is a little bit more of a bleed off in inventories kind of across the board in the 
January quarter, to be expecting to refill that a little bit in April, is that refill happening pretty much across the board 
geographically or are there things going on differently in the different regions? 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Jim, there are in different regions, absolutely. If we talk industrial, as I assume you are referring 
to in this question, well, we are seeing a refill a lot in Japan where there's a fairly strong industrial recovery. We're also 
seeing that in Europe where after the seasonal – and the holiday season last quarter, things are picking up and resale is 
showing very strong signs. Those are two specific areas we are talking about. Industrial, as I mentioned, in China, 
continues to be stable, slightly up but nothing dramatic but very stable at a significant level. Having said that, for 
channel inventory in general, we are seeing very strong resale and because of that refilling to in China particularly with 
respect, not so much in industrial in China as much as wireless products for the white-box makers in China. 

<Q - Jim E. Schneider>: That's helpful. Thank you very much. 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Operator? 


Operator 

The next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed. 

<Q - Craig M. Hettenbach>: Yes. Thank you. Hock, you guys are seeing some uplift for FBAR in terms of margin 
mix in wireless? Outside of that, could you share any thoughts in terms of what we're seeing just yesterday in terms of 
industry consolidation and what that might mean for pricing and margins in the broader business within RF? 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Well, there are quite a few players in RF business as you well know and I assume you are 
referring to the announced merger of RFMD and TriQuint. We know Bob and Ralph very well, good guys, good 
managers and very strong managers. So I think the consolidation would be positive for industry as a whole. Certainly 
puts more, possibly more stronger competition. But we always welcome competition, as I said, because we compete 
largely on the basis of technology more than anything else. 

<Q - Craig M. Hettenbach>: Got it. And then as a follow-up, any incremental thoughts you could share on LSI 
specifically, just confidence levels in terms of achieving the cost synergies you've first laid out? 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Really, it's too early at this point. I mean, we're still awaiting all regulatory approvals and not to 
mention the shareholder approval of LSI which will happen sometime in April. So we really do not expect the deal to 
close before early May, probably maybe even later. And so at this stage, it would definitely be too early for us to 
understand and know whether our assumptions in driving this deal still holds true at all. 

<Q - Craig M. Hettenbach>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

The next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya, Bank of America. Please proceed. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Thank you for taking my question. Hock, the question is on the wireless business. Obviously, it has 
performed very well in the last few years. But when I look at the guidance you're giving for the April quarter, it 
suggests sort of mid-single digit or so year-on-year growth. Now I understand the transition at your largest customer. 
But how is it that of the need for as far as going out, yet you are seeing this deceleration in sales. Is this just sort of a 
temporary pause when the growth driver is really your largest customer and has a mix shift towards more to China and 
other customers or are you still comfortable with the long-term sort of double-digit growth trajectory possible in this 
business? 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: To get right to the nub of your question, yes, we are still very comfortable with double-digit 
year-on-year growth, as I was very careful to articulate in each case. Year-on-year, we still show – which is on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis, year-on-year, we still show double-digit growth. The interesting thing we are experiencing 
and I mentioned that a lot in the last earnings call and it's simply that as the OEM industry consolidates, revenues 
within each year as we go one quarter to the other within each year goes through sharp movements because of product 
transitions of those larger OEMs now in smartphones in the marketplace. 

And so we do – and by the way, our content keeps increasing in those OEMs which exacerbates it even further. But 
what we do see is fairly sharp changes in revenues quarter-on-quarter during the year. But if you look at – trend it over 
from one year to the other, you will see very clearly that we are able to sustain double-digit year-on-year growth, which 
is really what matters because within each in a year, you will see the other handset OEM launch their products at 
different times. And because of that, we go through fairly sharp upticks as well as fairly sharp declines as we move 
from one quarter as we did from Q1 to Q2 in this current year. And we will probably see another cycle of movement as 
we move to Q3 and Q4 this year when the large OEM launches its new generation of phones. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Got it. That's very helpful, Hock. And as a follow-up, I think you mentioned that you're starting to 
see the surge in your China FBAR adoption, is there a way to quantify how much that is outside of your top two sort of 
Tier 1 customers? Is there a way to size how much that white box China market is demanding FBAR or is it too early to 


provide that quantification? 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: You hit it right on because I was going to say it is as such. And because it's not just one OEM in 
China that's launching LTE-enabled phones, smartphones, it's multiple OEMs at the same time rushing into this market. 
And as you all know out there, China 4G or LTE is just a big thing this year since the beginning of this year. And it's 
not just handset that's happening; it's infrastructure, wireless infrastructure that has been built out, rolling out in China 
on LTE and it shouldn't surprise us all that because of that, smartphones are coming out LTE-enabled, which are low 
cost even by China's standards, but then are LTE-enabled and it really proves the point that we have been now saying 
all the time in our FBAR thesis, which is FBAR is used based on technology requirement, not based on whether they're 
high end or low end. 

It is really based on technology requirements and there are some bands particularly in China that do require very much 
so FBAR in order to achieve its performance. And because of that, we are seeing those designs and quite a considerable 
amount of those designs, which are driving quite a bit of our FBAR revenue from that angle. Having said that, our more 
traditional markets of the large branded smartphone OEMs, continue to adopt for the same reason the Chinese 
white-box OEMs are adopting more and more designs that uses FBAR. A lot of them relate to front-end modules that 
encompasses both the FBAR filters as well as the associated power amplifiers for not just one band; for multiple bands 
within your phones. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Got it. Just one last one, high CapEx could be a good news or a bad news story. The question is, it 
was about 8% of sales for you in the last four quarters, is there a point at which it just starts to taper off or just that the 
demand for FBAR is there so CapEx could stay at sort of these levels? Thank you. 

<A - Anthony E. Maslowski>: Well, again, Vivek we talked about CapEx being somewhat of a challenge this year. 
But again, we're only investing with line of sight capacity that we need for either, as Hock mentioned, either the large 
OEMs or some of those other surge we are having. So, we're going to be very selective. We get a great return on the 
CapEx in the FBAR fab and the surges, in some ways, you can have as an indication of our confidence in the future. 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: In other words, we lag our investment behind demand CapEx. And it's always a challenge, 
therefore, for us to meet those demand, I'll be honest, which also relates to why, as Tony pointed out in his remarks on 
inventory, we run our fabs very full. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Thank you. I appreciate it. 

Operator 

The next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis, Barclays. Please proceed. 

<Q - Christopher Hemmelgarn>: Thanks very much for taking the question. This is Chris Hemmelgarn on for 
Blayne. Just a quick question first on your wireless expectations, just kind of what you're baking in, what are your Q2 
guidance bakes in there in terms of how steep of a decline are you really seeing at the one wireless customer you 
highlighted? What are the puts and takes there versus what your wireless infra business? 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: To answer you directly, we don't make any specific remarks on any particular customer, Chris. 
I'm sorry about that. But I prefer not to answer that. We generally don't comment on any particular customer. We love 
them too much. 

<Q - Christopher Hemmelgarn>: Not a problem. I had to try. Moving on from that, there were a couple of 
announcements out of some BAW competitors out of Japan. I was just kind of interested in whether you guys still 
really see that as predominantly just you and TriQuint competing for those sockets or are you really seeing any 
progress from the rest of the competition that's largely trailed you guys to this point? 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Well, I mean, it's not new information as you know that there are SAW makers who put in 
temperature compensation to try to improve the performance and try to achieve closer to what BAW or FBAR 
performance achieves and we constantly see that because they constantly improve as we try to improve. So it's a typical 


technological race in order to improve, we try to improve more and if we are already ahead of the game, it makes our 
improvement much better, but there is still a gap. 

And in terms of other players, in terms of ourselves and TriQuint trying to get into the BAW business, oh yeah, that has 
happened. It's not the first time and that continues to happen. It's nothing new. We have not seen for the last few years. 
But you see, a big part of where we are today is not just the technology in terms of evolution of FBAR or BAW as you 
put it generically. We are on, as I mentioned, on our current eighth generation moving to a ninth generation. Nobody 
comes even close at this point and as long as we keep making the investments we are making, we not only are 
continuing to be ahead of the game technologically on our FBAR but in terms of capacity to address a very fast 
expanding market, but we're also I believe quite well ahead of anybody else. 

<Q - Christopher Hemmelgarn>: Thank you very, very much. 

Operator 

We have a question from the line of Romit Shah, Nomura. Please proceed. 

<Q - Sanjay Chaurasia>: Hey, guys. This is Sanjay for Romit Shah. I have one question on TD-LTE ramp. I just 
wanted to get a sense of what the content is and what are the bands FBAR is being used across the OEMs. Do you see 
this usage fairly similar across OEMs or you see there are differences in terms of band coverage and content? 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: It depends on the country. But if you are referring to China, they are multiple and not the same 
OEMs will apply the same band. Depends on how they architect the phones particularly, but it's a whole spectrum in 
the range of 2.3 gigahertz, 2.4 gigahertz all the way to 2.8 gigahertz, 2.7 gigahertz in that range. And within, as you 
know, the S band 38, 40, 41; WiFi, WiMAX and these all is a combination of our ability. 

<Q - Sanjay Chaurasia>: Okay. And as a follow-up, you mentioned increasing competition from the merger of 
TriQuint and RF Micro. I was just wondering you mentioned that you're technologically much ahead moving from 
eighth to ninth generation, what are some of the dimensions you could see competition from these guys, if not from a 
technology point of view? 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Let me rephrase what I said earlier and I apologize if I misinformed you guys. We already have 
competition, good and healthy competition from RFMD TriQuint as we do from Skyworks, ANADIGICS and a few 
others. So it is still there. And if two of our competitors shows too much to represent a more united front, more power 
to them, frankly. And we will continue to see that competition. And I don't see there'll be any abatement of that 
competition with the merger. I think you will keep on going. And as I said, what we do is we – as I said, we compete on 
a kind of different dimension from many of our competitors. We compete purely on products that we believe we can do 
much better, much, much better than they can. And we do not compete on products that are commoditized. And that 
strategy on our side still will not change. 

<Q - Sanjay Chaurasia>: Okay. Thank you so much. 

Operator 

The next question comes from the line of JoAnne Feeney, ABR Investment Strategy. Please proceed. 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: Yes. Thanks and congrats on the nice gross margins. Question for you, on the competition and 
your response to really your strategy, so, TriQuint, RF Micro combined, Skyworks, Qualcomm, have all now 
announced integrated end-to-end RF solutions, and so, I guess, I'm just wondering whether you plan to release 
something along those lines or whether you feel like rather best strategy is not to go that route and to stick with 
products that are more FBAR focused and take advantage perhaps of some discrete FBAR opportunities that the other 
competitors simply cannot satisfy? 


<A - Hock E. Tan>: Well, our strategy is probably not that distinctly different, JoAnne, in a sense that, yeah, we only 
see FBAR as our real differentiator sustainably. We're not wrong there really and that's why we put in huge amount of 
investments. We've also put in investment in doing power amplifiers because that's what it takes to sell FBAR many 
times. And it changes depending on the generation. It changes depending on the architecture. So it's not one single 
particular architecture in RF that is pretty much action concrete. It varies. 

So many times we sell discrete FBAR and we love to do that. But if we have to resell those so called end-to-end 
solutions as you pointed, we call it, front-end module, we just don't have the transceivers, I guess. But on an RF basis, 
we do cover the full gamut between the antenna to the baseband transceiver. But if you're talking about things like 
SkyOne or RF360 by Qualcomm, we don't specifically go into that end. It doesn't mean we will never. We keep an 
open mind. As I said, we are very opportunistic based on the fact that our single strategy is we do products that can 
differentiate ourselves in performance distinctly and if we can't in any software, we'll probably won't even participate in 
this software. 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: Okay, that's really helpful. Thanks. And as a follow-up, you mentioned that your growing 
success with the mid-range and low-end smartphone makers particularly in China. I'm wondering if in that context, 
number one, you could describe for us where you think your second half growth is coming from in terms of, say, 
increase in dollar content, higher units in these mid-range phones? And perhaps, if you have any sense of this, what 
percentage of your wireless revenue you think might shift towards these mid-range phones and away from the high-end 
where you've done so well? 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Thanks, JoAnne. Hey, you are really reading too much on what I'm saying and maybe it's my 
mistake. I was actually trying and doing a very unprofessional victory lap about the fact that, hey, finally, we got into 
low-end phones in China and that's because of FBAR, because, as you know, we have not participated much in those 
low-end phones in China because of price and because of inability to differentiate. Finally, we did and it's because of 
FBAR which we've been talking about for years about the fact that it's technology that drives its usage more than the 
price points of smartphones and improving it. That's all I'm saying. And unfortunately, it seems to be leading you to a 
path that says, well, now tell me how much is it going to drive your business? 

Well, a bit too early to tell to be honest, JoAnne, because it depends on how successful those LTE-enabled white-box 
phones are going to be in China and I can't really tell but the switchover is happening, it could be the one quarter 
wonder for all I know, I don't really know. I hope it isn't and if it can sustain, it will be great for us. But what drives our 
business on a consistent basis I think also those branded and large OEMs out there that we continue to be very, very 
well positioned, and we see that continuing over the foreseeable future. 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: Okay. Fair enough. So that means that that double-digit growth you're anticipating 
year-over-year double-digit growth for wireless, the majority of that then is being driven by content gains. 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Yes. 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: As opposed to say unit growth. 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Correct, JoAnne. It's been content and year-on-year with the same large OEMs that we deal with, 
because of increasing number of bands and increasing complexity of architecture in bands like carrier aggregation 
coming in and as we mentioned a few other things before. Content keep increasing and we are able to grow our content 
year-on-year in those generation of phones. 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

The next question comes from the line of Doug Freedman, RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Great. Thanks so much and thanks for taking my question, Hock, Tony and Bin. If you could 
focus a little bit on a segment you haven't talked much about yet and that would be the Industrial segment. I'm a little 


surprised to hear about your bullishness, given we keep hearing that the China end market is seeing softening PMI 
results, but yet I believe you're still fairly exposed to the China market on the Industrial side. Can you talk to us a little 
bit about why you are feeling as confident about that market coming back? 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Okay. Well, I guess it's not just overnight that I am. As I mentioned, if you look at our Q1 last 
quarter that is, and you look over the trend over last several quarters, we have seen – having said that I have to qualify, 
it's a gradual but very, very steady uptrend of demand retail in Industrial in China, but also even in places like Europe 
where after the meltdown in Europe over a year ago, people had given up as a lost cause. It has recovered. 

And in Japan, here's the other data point that gives me a lot of encouragement, especially we have fairly low yen these 
days. Finally, we're starting to see that the Japanese industrial OEMs, the big powerhouses that we sell many of our 
products to are also picking up steam. And the reason they are picking up steam over the last six months or nine 
months, six months in particular is not just strong domestic demand, but they are able to export into China, guess what, 
and emerging countries of course China helped by their currency. And even the Europeans are able to hold their own. 
So what that tells us is that there is an improvement in industrial demand. It may not be as strong, or as clear as the way 
wireless moves, but it is more steady and it's definitely a trend. And that's part of the reason why I'm feeling more 
bullish about it, as you put it, than it is. Having said that, from a year ago, we've grown 6% Industrial. It's no great 
shakes, but mid single-digits for Industrial year-on-year isn't too bad. At least it's not going down or flat. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Okay, great. If you could also talk a little bit maybe about the broader business, some 
book-to-bill trends, maybe what you've seen recently in the market and whether customers are willing to lay in a little 
bit more backlog. How would you describe your visibility overall? 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Well, it keeps – you are right in asking that question, book-to-bill unfortunately for us, it's not a 
very clear indicator because many of our larger OEMs, and they comprise a big part of my revenues, we are on VMI as 
they call it, which are vendor managed inventory. Basically, they ship direct – they pull it direct from hubs. So, there's 
almost no book-to-bill ratio as it applies to a big chunk of our revenues. The part that applies are the smaller chunks 
and the small chunk, I hate to tell you, even I give you data, might not reflect what the total business sells it. But I'll be 
direct and say January bookings and February bookings so far has been pretty okay. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Great. Thanks so much and congrats on the strong results. 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Thank you. 

Operator 

The next question comes from the line of Vijay Rakesh, Sterne, Agee. Please proceed. 

<Q - Vijay R. Rakesh>: Hey, guys. Nice job on the quarter and the guide. Just a housekeeping question on the 
wireless side. I know here you had a drag from one customer, but past the timing of all the transitions, as you look at 
the second half, do you feel comfortable with how the wireless side is working and especially I would think in China 
with the very high frequencies 2.3 gigahertz, 2.6 gigahertz, you continue to drive FBAR, right, versus [indiscernible] 
SAW or any of the other options out there? 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: I understand your question and, yes, it's pretty hard to provide any real forecast if that's what you 
mean, but the way we are seeing things happening now, it's not different from what we have seen the previous year or 
two and except hopefully, we now have larger content in those large OEM phones which we are feeling very good 
about. So I think things are as we kind of expect them to be for this year. 

<Q - Vijay R. Rakesh>: Got it. You answered my question. And as a follow-up, when you look at the LSI side, I 
probably missed this. Can you update us on the progress on the approval side and can you frame us as you look at the 
markets there, what are the ASIC markets that you'd be focusing on as you go through that business? 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Let's try to answer the second question first. As I mentioned earlier, we have not really taken over 
this company yet. I mean, we have announced it, I like it about this country, but we can see, but we don't touch. So at 


this point, we're not touching and I will be direct and say, I am in no position to know enough yet to be able to clearly 
articulate to you what the strategy on our ASIC business is at this point. All we will say is that, hey, whatever they've 
been doing, we like them to keep going on and doing what they've been doing. But as far as any specific strategy that 
we may have formulated, too early to tell, seriously, Vijay. 

And on the second part, we're still going through regulatory approvals and the various worldwide approval of 
regulatory bodies that we need the approvals on and we haven't gotten all of them yet. And we're still working our way 
through the system. We also need shareholder approval from LSI which I believe will happen sometime in April. So we 
are hoping or we are planning, I should say, rather than hoping, to see closing of this deal sometime May. But again, it's 
an estimate at this point, nothing guarantee. 

<Q - Vijay R. Rakesh>: Got it. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Bin Jiang>: Operator, we have time for one more question. 

Operator 

The final question comes from the line of Steve Smigie from Raymond James. Please proceed. 

<Q - Steven Smigie>: Great. Thanks a lot. I was hoping you guys could talk a little bit about the optical transceiver 
business, maybe in terms of what you see as potential growth opportunity for the market this year and then how you 
think you might perform relative to that market? 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Okay. That's a very good question. That's a very interesting question for me. And I try to put in 
some comments. I'll tell you what we're seeing right now. I don't know what is going to happen in the rest of the year, 
to be honest. It's hard to figure it out. But in the enterprise, the optical transceiver business has been flattish. And no 
surprise, some of the OEMs out there has been saying that, there may be winners and losers among the lot, but broadly, 
I think the market is flattish. And the way we try to play in this market now is what we've always been trying to do 
which is pick out opportunities that we can produce fairly proprietary products for and right on the coattails of those 
customers who adopt our proprietary designs and use that to push their overall systems. 

And as I point out earlier, we started last year with 40G and that's more of a standard product, but we were about the 
only guy who could do it at that time and do it for a relatively longer distances to be applied in data centers, and we 
have been selling it very well and we continue to sell it very well, that's one of our drivers. 

The other thing that is also happening now is we just launched and are ramping up another proprietary fiber optics that 
is bidirectional. What that really does is applicable particularly for data centers where we can leave our transceivers – 
our customers or their customers for our OEMs can run using the same infrastructure of OM3 fiber optic cables that 
have already been laid out in an existing legacy data center, just change the transceiver and suddenly transform the 
transceiver from running 10 gigabit to 40 gigabit by just putting in new transceivers and boxes. 

That's a new product we launched and that's one I mentioned earlier in my remarks about transceivers that can 
simultaneously do 10 gigabit as well as 40 gigabit. That's the bidirectional product we've launched. Just depending on 
those kind of proprietary system to give us an edge and gain us share to grow. But as far as the broader market is 
concerned, what we're seeing now is fairly flat and sluggish, be it switching or routing market. 

<Q - Steven Smigie>: Okay, great. And then sort of in the SerDes side then, can you talk about the growth opportunity 
you're seeing for the year at this point? And in terms of when you're going for your designed competitions, what 
innovations are you bringing that are allowing you to win at this point in time? Thanks. 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: Well, our big thing in ASICs is our SerDes. We have definitely very, very good ASIC, proven 
ASICs and there are not too many people out there who can do those kind of ASICs and run it all the way to 28-gigabit 
per second, which is what we on our current generation of products out there in designs are doing now. And that's 
really our differentiation in a lot of the opportunities we go against. 


Of course, the other side to it is, we are very tested and we have very good skills in integrating not just the SerDes, but 
the IP cost into one complex micron digital chip that we do for ASIC for our customers and we're very good at doing 
that. So, we continue to drive in that. And frankly on our ASIC business, we're very linked to the customers we deal 
with and we deal with only a handful of large OEM customers and as they succeed, so do we. If they don't grow as 
much, we don't grow as much either. But that's pretty much where we stand right now. 

And so we are very much focused on the enterprise networking business, though we do some of it in high performance 
computing. And what we're seeing now is high-performance computing is doing very good, currently. So that's 
providing the engine of growth for us. As far as ASICs in the enterprise networking largely in the switches and all that, 
growth here is, okay. And over the last few years, we've been growing at 20% a year. We expect close to that this year 
as well, but it's not something that ramps up fairly rapidly. 

<Q - Steven Smigie>: Okay, great. If I could sneak one last one in on FBAR, obviously as the bands proliferate out 
there because of LTE, a number of them are in certain higher frequency ranges, what I'm trying to understand is how 
many of them might be sort of on the border there between what SAW and TC SAW can do or low-end BAW players. 
So how much of the or how many of the bands that are going out there are really sort of right along the border where it 
might be more competitive versus high end where you guys with your 8th or 9th generation can really differentiate and 
be sure to capture share? 

<A - Hock E. Tan>: It's a hard question to answer because, yeah, I'm sure there are bands that are on the edge as you 
put it. But some of these bands are on the edge because of how they are architected in any phone system. If for 
instance, they are stacked next to certain other bands and certain other functions that may interfere with their 
performance easily, suddenly the band that is on the margin may become not on the margin any longer. 

Equally, the other direction, even if we put a band that is not so on the margin, but in a very clean environment, and 
that doesn't happen too often, we might get away with temperature-compensated SAW filters. It doesn't happen too 
often though, but it's hard. It's not deterministic. It is very undeterministic depending on the system and the architecture 
of each of the handset. But what the broader picture is evolving is that as you put in more bands and as phones carry 
around more bands, and some of these bands are harder and harder and even if all bands are on the margin, when you 
put a bunch of them together, they all become non-marginal. They become tough. And as more of that happens, the 
trend towards the FBAR, as I've always said, will continue to move up. 

<Q - Steven Smigie>: Thank you. 

<A - Bin Jiang>: Thanks, Steve. 

Bin Jiang 

Thank you, operator. Before we close, I would like to remind everyone that Avago will be presenting at the Morgan 
Stanley TMT Conference in San Francisco on March 5, 2014. Thank you for participating in today's earnings call. We 
look forward to talking with you again when we report our second quarter fiscal year 2014 financial results in May 
2014. 

Operator 

That concludes Avago's conference call for today. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 


information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2016, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


