Q4 2008 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Eugene A. Castagna, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
• Warren Eisenberg, Co-Chairman 
• Steven H. Temares, Chief Executive Officer 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Welcome to Bed Bath & Beyond's fourth quarter of fiscal 2008 results conference call. All participants are in a 
listen-only mode for the duration of the call. [Operator Instructions] 

Now at this time, it's my pleasure to turn the conference over to Gene Castagna, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
of Bed Bath & Beyond. Mr. Castagna, please go ahead. 

Eugene A. Castagna, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Thank you and good afternoon. Welcome to Bed Bath & Beyond's fourth quarter of fiscal 2008 conference call. Within 
the past hour, we issued a press release announcing Bed Bath & Beyond's results for the three and twelve-month 
periods ended February 28, 2009. During this call, we will comment on some of the fourth quarter's highlights and 
provide our fiscal 2009 planning assumptions. 

Before proceeding, I will read the following statement, and I quote: 

"Bed Bath & Beyond's fiscal fourth quarter press release and comments made during this call may contain 
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended. 
Many of these forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as may, will, expect, anticipate, 
estimate, assume, continue, project, plan, and similar words and phrases. The company's actual results and future 
financial condition may differ materially from those expressed in any such forward-looking statements as a result of 
many factors that may be outside the company's control. Please refer to Bed Bath & Beyond's SEC filings, including its 
Form 10-K for the year ended March 1, 2008 and its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended November 29, 2008. The 
company does not undertake any obligation to update its forward looking statements" 

Warren Eisenberg, Co-Chairman of Bed Bath & Beyond, leads off today's call. Steven Temares, Chief Executive 
Officer and a member of the Board of Directors, will follow Warren. Some additional financial commentary will 
conclude today's call. 

I'm now very pleased to introduce Warren Eisenberg. Warren? 

Warren Eisenberg, Co-Chairman 

Good afternoon. Our press release issued within the past hour showed that our company earned $0.55 per diluted share 
in the fiscal fourth quarter and $1.64 per diluted share in the fiscal year ended February 28, 2009. 

Despite the challenges of the macroeconomic environment and operating, during a period where a significant 
competitor, as well as other retailers were running liquidation sales and thereby inundating the market with our 
category of merchandise, we continued to outpace the performance reported by others. 


During the fiscal fourth quarter, we opened 9 new Bed Bath & Beyond stores including our fourth store in Canada, 4 
Christmas Tree Shops stores, and 4 buybuy BABY stores; as well as added Harmon Face Values departments in Bed 
Bath & Beyond, Christmas Tree Shops, and buybuy BABY stores. 

Consolidated store space at February 28, 2009 was approximately 32.1 million square feet. 

For all of fiscal 2008, we opened a total of 67 new stores, consisting of 49 Bed Bath & Beyond stores throughout the 
United States and Canada, 11 Christmas Tree Shops stores, 6 buybuy BABY stores, and 1 Harmon Face Values store; 
as well as added additional Harmon Face Values and fine china departments in existing stores. 

Including the stores we have opened since the beginning of the 2009 fiscal year, which consists of 1 Bed Bath & 
Beyond store and 1 buybuy BABY store, we currently operate 931 Bed Bath & Beyond stores in 49 states, the District 
of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and Canada; as well as 52 Christmas Tree Shops stores, 16 buybuy BABY stores, and after 
the closing of 1 store, 40 stores under the names Harmon or Harmon Face Values. In addition, we are in joint venture in 
Mexico which operates 2 stores in the Mexico City market under the name Home & More. 

In fiscal 2009, we anticipate opening approximately 50 to 54 new stores across our concepts, including approximately 
35 Bed Bath & Beyond stores in the United States and Canada, approximately 6 to 8 Christmas Tree Shops, 
approximately 8 to 10 buybuy BABY stores, and 1 Harmon Face Values store. 

Currently, the aggregate number of openings is expected to be fewer than in fiscal 2008, and this reflects the continued 
application of our stringent standards in today's tumultuous real estate market. We believe that within the United States 
and Canada, there is an opportunity to open in excess of 400 additional Bed Bath & Beyond stores, and we also strive 
over time to become the leading home furnishings retailer in the other countries in which we do business. 

We also continue to increase productivity of existing stores by introducing new merchandising initiatives as well as by 
expanding, renovating, remodeling, and/or relocating stores to enhance our customers' shopping experience. Our bridal, 
baby, and gift registry business and the continuing development of our online sales capabilities afford us additional 
opportunity to attract new shoppers to the Bed Bath & Beyond experience. 

As we have repeatedly said, we will continue to capitalize on the unique strengths of our decentralized culture, which 
has enabled us since 1971 to build the strong, exciting business we have today. This culture, which takes advantage of 
the knowledge, independence, and customer focus of our associates, has always been the foundation of our long-term 
performance. 

In today's difficult times, the benefits of decentralization become even more apparent. We fully expect that despite the 
challenging macroeconomic environment, we will be able to look back on this period as one, which afforded us an 
exceptional opportunity to solidify and enhance our position in the merchandising categories we offer our customers. 
We are confident that we have the people, the resources, and the capability to achieve our near-term and long-term 
goals. 

I'll now turn the call over to Steven Temares. Steve? 

Steven H. Temares, Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Warren. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for participating in this conference call. As Warren said, 
the fourth quarter results we just reported were accomplished during a difficult macroeconomic period in general and 
very trying conditions with respect to the sale of merchandise for the home. We believe our results again demonstrate 
what can be achieved through the talents and dedication of our associates. In this sector of retailing that has been 
broadly affected by the current economic challenges, our operating results, though never satisfactory to us, continue to 
significantly outpace on a comparative basis the performance reported by others. 

In these challenging times, we continue to focus on managing cost and have made good progress in doing so. We have 
intensified our efforts on expense control and reduction, and continue to systematically review the scope and frequency 


of services, as well as reduce the costs associated with running our corporate offices. At the same time, we remain 
committed to making the required investments in our company's infrastructure to help position us for our continued 
success. 

As our balance sheet and overall financial health remain extremely strong, we are able to focus on building a business 
that stands the test of time. We continue to look for ways to enhance our customers' overall shopping experience. We 
are committed to becoming our customers' first choice for the merchandise products we offer domestically, 
interactively, and over the longer term internationally. And we strongly believe that the current retailing environment, 
though difficult, provides an excellent opportunity for us to strengthen our long-term prospects. 

Our capital spending for fiscal 2008 was approximately $216 million, about $20 million less than our previous 
estimate, due in part with the timing of projects. This also represents an approximate $142 million reduction as 
compared to last year, when among other projects, a new distribution center and E-service fulfillment center were built. 

As always, we continue to scrutinize and prioritize our capital needs while making investments in our company 
principally for new stores, existing store improvements, and other projects whose impact is viewed as essential to our 
future. In taking a long-term approach to building our Bed Bath & Beyond, Christmas Tree Shops, buybuy BABY, and 
Harmon Face Values concepts, we expect over time to do more for and with our customers. 

Turning to our fiscal 2008 performance, while we believe our recent operating results continue to set the standard for 
the home furnishings industry, we are not satisfied and we continue to work hard to achieve improved results over time. 
As reported earlier today, net earnings per diluted share for the quarter were $0.55 compared with $0.66 a year ago. For 
all of fiscal 2008, net earnings per diluted share were approximately $1.64 compared with $2.10 reported for fiscal year 
2007. 

Net sales for the fiscal fourth quarter were approximately $1.9 billion, a decrease of approximately 0.5% from the 
corresponding fiscal 2007 period. Fourth quarter comp store sales were down approximately 4.3%, which was at the 
better end of the range of our comp store sales planning assumption. 

For all of fiscal 2008, net sales were approximately $7.2 billion, about 2.3% higher than a year ago. Comp store sales 
for the fiscal year were down 2.4%. As we have said, net sales and comp sales for fiscal 2008 were negatively affected 
by the economic slowdown including issues specific to the housing industry and the liquidation sales of a number of 
retailers including a significant competitor. 

Gross profit for the fiscal fourth quarter was approximately 40.8% of net sales compared with approximately 41.3% of 
net sales during the fourth quarter of 2007. The approximate 50 basis point decrease in the gross profit margin resulted 
from: an increase in coupon redemptions; an increase in inventory acquisition costs, albeit not at the rate of increasing 
costs that we have been experiencing in recent quarters; and the shift in the mix and merchandise sold to lower margin 
categories. 

Selling, general, and administrative expenses for the fiscal fourth quarter were 28.8% of net sales, an increase of 
approximately 90 basis points as compared to last year's quarter. As a result of the 4.3% decline in comp store sales this 
quarter, we experienced relative increases in fixed costs such as occupancy costs including rent, depreciation, and real 
estate taxes; as well as relative increases in advertising expenses due to increases in postage, paper, and other 
production costs. 

Reflecting the movements in gross profit margin and SG&A expenses, the operating profit margin for the fiscal fourth 
quarter was lower than in the period a year ago by approximately 140 basis points. For all of fiscal 2008, the operating 
profit margin decreased by approximately 260 basis points compared with last year. 

Our tax rate continues to fluctuate as taxable events occur and exposures are reevaluated. For the fiscal fourth quarter, 
our tax rate was approximately 39% compared to approximately 34.8% for the comparable quarter last year. For all of 
fiscal 2008, our tax rate was approximately 37.8% versus approximately 35% for fiscal 2007. 

Though challenging, as we have consistently stated, we are confident that we will be able to look back at this period as 
one, which afforded us an exceptional opportunity to gain market share and to improve our competitive position. By 


providing the best possible shopping experience for our customers, our entire organization remains dedicated to 
accomplishing our long-term goals. 

We again want to thank our associates for their ongoing efforts, which produce Bed Bath & Beyond's long-term 
success. Through their efforts, we look forward to meeting the challenges presented in 2009 and seizing the 
opportunities to satisfy our customers, and by doing so, widening the gap between Bed Bath & Beyond and our 
competitors in the merchandise categories that we offer. We look forward to our next call on June 24, 2009, when we 
will review our fiscal first quarter of 2009 results. 

I'll now turn the call back to Gene. Gene? 

Eugene A. Castagna, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Thanks, Steve. As you heard from Warren and Steve, we earned $0.55 per diluted share in our fiscal fourth quarter and 
$1.64 per diluted share for all of fiscal 2008. Looking ahead to our fiscal year 2009, we have assumed, consistent with 
what economists and other government officials are predicting that the overall business climate will not show marked 
improvement. 

While we will continue to assess our prospects as the year develops and will reflect changes in our outlook, if any, in 
future conference calls, the following are our major planning assumptions for fiscal 2009. 

One, we expect to open approximately 50 to 54 new stores across our concepts, including approximately 35 new Bed 
Bath & Beyond stores throughout the US and Canada, approximately 6 to 8 Christmas Tree Shops, approximately 8 to 
10 buybuy BABY stores, and 1 Harmon Face Values store. We also plan to add Harmon Face Values departments 
within all our concepts as well as fine china departments within our Bed Bath & Beyond stores. New store openings 
will occur throughout the year, with the majority in our fiscal second half. 

Two, we are modeling a low single digit percentage decline in consolidated comparable store sales for the first quarter 
and full fiscal year 2009. 

Three, consolidated net sales are expected to increase by a low single digit percentage in the first quarter and for all of 
fiscal 2009. 

Four, the operating profit margin is expected to continue to deleverage in the first quarter and for all of fiscal 2009. 

Five, interest income is expected to be lower than in fiscal 2008 as a result of anticipated lower interest rates. 

Six, the full year tax provision is estimated in the mid to high 30s percentage range with variability as much as 200 to 
300 basis points in quarterly tax rates as taxable events occur. 

Seven, capital expenditures for fiscal 2009, principally for new stores, existing store refurbishment, and information 
technology enhancements, are presently planned at approximately $250 million and will continue to be reviewed on an 
ongoing basis. 

Eight, depreciation for fiscal 2009 is estimated to be approximately $180 million. 

Nine, our share repurchase program will be influenced by several factors including business and market conditions and 
developments in the auction rate securities [ARS] market. 

Based on these and other planning assumptions, and the current and prospective business environment, we are 
comfortable with current estimates of approximately $0.23 to $0.24 for net earnings per diluted share for the fiscal first 
quarter ending May 30, 2009 compared with $0.30 per diluted share reported in the comparable period last year. For all 
of fiscal 2009 based on an assumption of low single digit negative comp store sales, the current full-year consensus 
estimate of $1.50 appears reasonable. 


We have a strong balance sheet and have remained debt free since 1996. We expect to continue to generate positive 
cash flow in fiscal 2009 and entirely fund operations from internally generated sources. 

Before concluding this afternoon's call, a few additional comments relative to our recently concluded fiscal fourth 
quarter; we ended fiscal 2008 with a cash and cash equivalents and investment securities of approximately $891 
million. This includes approximately $219 million of investments related to auction rate securities. During the fourth 
quarter, we had redemptions of approximately $12 million at par. 

As we previously mentioned, during the third quarter we entered into a commitment with an investment firm for the 
redemption of approximately 43 million of these investments at par commencing no later than June 30, 2010. The 
remaining balance of approximately $176 million of our auction rate securities has an estimated temporary valuation 
adjustment of approximately $2.6 million to reflect their current lack of liquidity. Since this valuation adjustment is 
deemed to be temporary, it did not affect the company's earnings. As we have said in the past and as we have 
experienced to date, we believe that given the high credit quality of these investments, we will ultimately recover at par 
all amounts invested in these securities. 

Inventories continue to be tailored by store to meet the anticipated demands of our customers and are in good shape. As 
of February 28, 2009, inventories were approximately $1.6 billion or about $51.24 per square foot, a reduction of 
approximately 4.4% on a square foot basis versus last year. 

Consolidated shareholders' equity at February 28, 2009 was approximately $3 billion, which is net of share 
repurchases, including approximately $3 million repurchased during the fiscal fourth quarter. At year end, the balance 
remaining of the share repurchase program authorized in September 2007 was approximately $919 million. 

As a reminder, our next conference call to review operating results for the fiscal first quarter ending on May 30, 2009, 
will be on Wednesday, June 24, 2009. If you have any questions, Ken and Lisa will be in their offices this evening, 
April 7, to take your calls. 

As always, we very much appreciate your interest in Bed Bath & Beyond. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for listening. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


