Q2 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Eugene A. Castagna, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, President – Buy Buy Baby, Inc. 
• Warren Eisenberg, Co-Chairman 
• Steven H. Temares, Chief Executive Officer 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Welcome to Bed Bath & Beyond Second Quarter of Fiscal 2010 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This 
call is being recorded. A rebroadcast of the conference call will be available beginning on Wednesday, September 22 of 
2010 at 6:30 p.m. Eastern through 6:30 p.m. Eastern on Friday, September 24 of 2010. To access the rebroadcast, you 
may dial 1-888-203-1112 with the passcode ID of 1824547. 

Now at this time, it's my pleasure to turn the conference call over to Gene Castagna, Chief Financial Officer and 
Treasurer of Bed Bath & Beyond. Mr. Castagna, please go ahead. 

Eugene A. Castagna, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, President – Buy 
Buy Baby, Inc. 

Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to Bed Bath & Beyond's second quarter of fiscal 2010 conference call. 
Within the past hour, we issued a press release announcing Bed Bath & Beyond's results for the three- and six-month 
periods ended August 28, 2010. During this call, we will comment on some of the second quarter highlights and update 
our fiscal third quarter and 2010 fiscal year planning assumptions. 

Before proceeding, I will read the following statement, and I quote: "Bed Bath & Beyond's fiscal second quarter press 
release and comments made during this call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 
21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 as amended. Many of these forward-looking statements can be 
identified by the use of words such as may, will, expect, anticipate, approximate, estimate, assume, continue, model, 
project, plan and similar words and phrases. The Company's actual results and future financial condition may differ 
materially from those expressed in any such forward-looking statements as a result of many factors that may be outside 
the Company's control. Please refer to Bed Bath & Beyond's SEC filings, including its Form 10-K for the year ended 
February 27, 2010. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update its forward-looking statements." 

Joining me on today's call are Warren Eisenberg, Co-Chairman of Bed Bath & Beyond; and Steven Temares, Chief 
Executive Officer and member of the Board of Directors. I am now very pleased to introduce Warren Eisenberg. 
Warren? 

Warren Eisenberg, Co-Chairman 

Good afternoon. I'm pleased to report that our company's net earnings per diluted share increased approximately 35% 
in the fiscal second quarter to $0.70. While the economic environment appears to have stabilized, it looks as if the 
consumer continues to face challenges as a result of the macroeconomic environment. And as such, and as we said 
previously, we are cautiously optimistic about the remainder of fiscal 2010. 


During the second quarter we opened five Bed Bath & Beyond stores, including our first store in our 50th state, 
Hawaii. Additionally, we opened two buybuy BABY stores, as well as expanded and renovated several Bed Bath & 
Beyond stores. Consolidated store space at August 28, 2010 was approximately 34.1 million square feet, an increase of 
approximately 5% over last year's second quarter. 

Since the beginning of the third fiscal quarter of 2010, we've opened one additional Bed Bath & Beyond store, two 
buybuy BABY stores and one Christmas Tree Shop Store. So we currently operate 1,115 stores, including 973 Bed 
Bath & Beyond stores in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and Canada. As well as 62 Christmas Tree 
Shops, 35 buybuy BABY stores and 45 stores under the names Harmon or Harmon Face Values. In addition, we're a 
partner in a joint venture, which operates two stores in the Mexico City market under the name Home & More. 

During fiscal 2010, including the 15 stores we have opened to date, we now anticipate that the total number of new 
store openings will be in the mid- to high-40s range across all of our concepts. As the year has progressed, this revised 
number primarily reflects greater visibility into the number of stores that will open in late fiscal 2010 versus opening in 
fiscal 2011. As we have said in the past, a shift in store openings from late in the fiscal year into the next fiscal year, 
has little impact on our current-year earnings and long-term profitability. 

We continue to apply our stringent standards to grow, as we evaluate new store sites, as well as continue to review our 
existing locations and lease terms for opportunities to relocate and/or rightsize our stores in response to changing 
market conditions. As we've previously said, we believe that throughout the United States and Canada, there is an 
opportunity to operate in excess of 1,300 Bed Bath & Beyond stores, as well as grow our Christmas Tree Shops and 
buybuy BABY concepts from coast to coast. Additionally, we will continue to open Harmon Face Value stores and 
selectively place Health and Beauty Care offerings in all our concepts. 

We remain committed to and are excited about the continued growth of all our merchandise offerings. We continue to 
work to increase the productivity of our existing stores by evolving the merchandise offerings, as well as by expanding, 
renovating, remodeling and/or relocating stores to enhance our customers' shopping experience. 

Our ability to leverage the breadth and depth of our merchandise offerings, grow our Bridal, Baby and Gift registries 
and continue the development of our online sales capabilities has afforded us additional opportunities to attract new 
customers to Bed Bath & Beyond. 

The continued success of our company is due in large part to the tremendous efforts of our associates and to our unique 
de-centralized culture. This culture, which takes advantage of the knowledge, the independence and the customer focus 
of our associates, has always been the foundation of our long-term performance and allows us to respond more quickly 
to local market demands and to changing economic conditions on a market-by-market basis. We are confident that we 
have the people, the resources and the capability to achieve our near- and long-term goals. 

And now I'll turn the call over to Steven Temares. Steve? 

Steven H. Temares, Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Warren. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for participating in this conference call. We are pleased 
that our second-quarter results exceeded our internal planning assumptions. We believe the dedication and talents that 
our associates and their constant focus on improving the overall customer shopping experience, while at the same time 
creating a more productive and efficient company, are the keys to producing the continued strong results we have 
experienced. 

As Warren said, while it appears that the economic environment has stabilized, persistent high unemployment and 
uncertainty in the economy could continue to pressure consumers and affect their spending. However, we remain 
cautiously optimistic about the remainder of the year. 

Although economic challenges persist, our fundamental business strategy has remained unchanged to offer a broad 
assortment of merchandise at everyday low prices with superior customer service. As always, we will continue to work 


to enhance our customers' overall shopping experience. And we remain committed to being our customers' first choice 
for the merchandise categories we offer domestically, interactively; and, over the longer term, internationally. At the 
same time, we will continue to systematically challenge the costs associated with running our company, and strive to 
find opportunities to lower our operating costs. 

We are confident that our company is well positioned to grow profitably, deliver superior shareholder value and to 
compete and increase our market share over time. As always, we remain focused on building a business that stands the 
test of time. 

In taking this long-term approach to building our Bed Bath & Beyond, Christmas Tree Shops, buybuy BABY and 
Harmon Face Values' concepts, and through the ongoing effort to cross merchandise and leverage our best practices 
across all our concepts, we expect over time to do more for and with our customers. 

Turning to our fiscal second quarter performance, as reported earlier today, our net earnings per diluted share were 
$0.70, an increase of approximately 35% when compared to the $0.52 per share that we earned in last year's second 
quarter. For the fiscal first half, net earnings per diluted share were $1.22 compared with $0.86 last year. Net sales for 
the fiscal second quarter were approximately $2.1 billion, approximately 11.6% higher than in the corresponding 2009 
period. 

Second quarter comp store sales increased by approximately 7.4% versus a decrease of approximately 0.6% last year. 
For the fiscal first half, net sales were approximately $4.1 billion, about 12.5% higher than last year. Comp store sales 
for the fiscal first half increased by approximately 7.9% compared with a decrease of approximately 1.1% in last year's 
first half. 

Gross profit for the fiscal second quarter was approximately 40.9% of net sales compared to approximately 40.4% of 
net sales for the second quarter of 2009. This increase in the gross profit margin resulted primarily from a decrease in 
coupon redemptions as a percentage of net sales, partially offset by a shift in the mix of merchandise sold to 
lower-margin categories. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses for the fiscal second quarter were approximately 27.1% of net sales, as 
compared to approximately 28.8% of net sales in last year's second quarter; a decrease of approximately 170 basis 
points. This decrease can be primarily be attributed to lower advertising, payroll and occupancy expenses as a 
percentage of net sales. 

Advertising expense decreased due to a continued reduction in the distribution of advertising pieces. Payroll and 
occupancy expenses benefited from the approximate 7.4% increase in comparable store sales. 

Reflecting the movement in gross profit margin and SG&A expenses, the operating profit margin for the fiscal second 
quarter was higher than in the same period a year ago by approximately 230 basis points. For the fiscal first half, the 
operating profit margin increased by approximately 280 basis points. 

Our provision for income taxes continues to fluctuate, as taxable events occur and exposures are reevaluated. For the 
fiscal second quarter, our provision for income taxes was approximately 38.9% compared to approximately 39.4% for 
the comparable quarter last year. 

Our capital spending during the first half of 2010 was approximately $84 million; principally for new stores, existing 
store improvements, information technology enhancements and other projects whose impact is viewed as important to 
our future. While we continue to review and prioritize our capital needs, we remain committed to making the required 
investments in our company to help position us for our long-term success. 

We again want to thank our associates for their ongoing efforts, which produces Bed Bath & Beyond's long-term 
success. Through their efforts, we look forward to meeting the challenges that lie ahead and to seizing the opportunities 
to satisfy our customers. And by doing so, continuing to improve our competitive position in the merchandise 
categories that we offer. 

I'll now turn the call back to Gene. Gene? 


Eugene A. Castagna, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, President – Buy 
Buy Baby, Inc. 

Thanks, Steve. As you heard from Warren and Steve, our results exceeded our planning assumptions, and we earned 
$0.70 per diluted share in our fiscal second quarter. And $1.22 per diluted share for the first six months of fiscal 2010. 
We remain encouraged by our positive fiscal second quarter results, and continue to be cautiously optimistic about the 
second half of fiscal 2010. 

The continued uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment makes it difficult to forecast future results. However, the 
following are our major planning assumptions for the remainder of fiscal 2010: 

1. Including the 15 stores opened so far this year, we expect the total number of new store openings across all of our 
concepts to be in the mid-to-high 40s range. As always, we remain flexible to take advantage of real estate 
opportunities that may arise. 
2. We expect to continue our program of expanding, renovating, remodeling and/or relocating a number of our stores in 
fiscal 2010. 
3. If you recall, last year's comp store sales improved from a decrease of approximately 1.1% in the first half to an 
increase of approximately 9.5% in the second half. Taking this more difficult second half comparison into 
consideration, for the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 2010, we are modeling a low single-digit percentage increase in 
comparable store sales. This would result in a mid single-digit percentage comp store sales increase for all of fiscal 
2010. 
4. Based on our results to date and our comparable store sale assumptions, we are modeling consolidated net sales to 
increase by a mid single-digit percentage in the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 2010, and by a high single-digit 
percentage for all of fiscal 2010. 
5. For the remainder of the year, assuming these sales levels and modeling advertising events that are consistent with 
the second half of last year, in addition to planning the continuation of the shift in mix of merchandise sold to lower 
margin categories, we are modeling our operating profit as a percentage of sales to be relatively flat in the third quarter 
and to de-leverage in our fourth quarter. For all of fiscal 2010, we would expect to leverage our operating profit. 
6. Interest income is expected to be relatively flat in the back half of 2010 versus the same period in fiscal 2009. 
7. The third quarter and full-year tax provisions are estimated in the high-30s percent range, with variability, as taxable 
events occur. 
8. Capital expenditures for fiscal 2010; principally for new stores, existing store refurbishment, information technology 
enhancements and other projects continue to be planned at approximately $225 million, which, of course, remains 
subject to the timing of projects. 
9. Depreciation for fiscal 2010 is estimated to be approximately $180 million. 
10. We expect to generate positive operating cash flow in fiscal 2010, and continue to fund operations entirely from 
internally generated sources. 
11. We expect to continue our share repurchase program, and evaluate the amount of repurchases based upon business 
and economic conditions. 
Based on these and other planning assumptions, we are modeling net earnings per diluted share in the fiscal third 
quarter to be in the range of approximately $0.61 to $0.65. For all of fiscal 2010, we are now modeling net earnings per 
diluted share to increase by approximately 20%, up from the previous model of approximately 15%. 


Before concluding this afternoon's call, a few additional comments relative to our recently concluded fiscal second 
quarter. Our balance sheet remains strong and debt-free. We ended the fiscal second quarter with cash and cash 
equivalents and investment securities of approximately $1.8 billion. This includes approximately $123.8 million of 
investments related to auction-rate securities. These securities have an estimated temporary valuation adjustment of 
approximately $3.1 million to reflect their current lack of liquidity. Since this valuation adjustment is deemed 
temporary, it did not affect the Company's earnings. 

During the second quarter, we had approximately $26 million of redemptions of auction-rate securities at par. 
Subsequent to the second quarter, we had approximately $2.4 million of auction-rate security redemptions at par, 
leaving a balance of approximately $121.4 million of these securities. 

As we have said in the past, and as we have experienced to date, we believe that given the high credit quality of these 
investments, we will ultimately recover at par all amounts invested in these securities. 

Inventories continue to be tailored by store to meet the anticipated demands of our customers and are in good condition. 
As of August 28, 2010, inventories were approximately $1.9 billion, or $55.78 per square foot, an increase of 
approximately 3.4% on a per-square-foot basis, versus last year. Consolidated shareholders' equity at August 28, 2010 
was approximately $3.8 billion, which is net of share repurchases, including approximately $193 million representing 
approximately 4.9 million shares repurchased during the fiscal second quarter. 

As a reminder, our next conference call to review operating results for the third quarter ending on November 27, 2010 
will be on Wednesday, December 22, 2010. If you have any questions, Ken Frankel and I will be in our offices this 
evening, September 22, to take your calls. 

As always, we appreciate your interest in Bed Bath & Beyond. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you all for listening. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


