Q2 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Edel Ebbs, Vice President, Investor Relations 
• Jim Balsillie, Co-Chief Executive Officer 
• Brian Bidulka, Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Mike Abramsky 
• Kulbinder Garcha 
• Jeff Kvaal 
• Maynard Um 
• Gus Papageorgiou 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Research in Motion Second Quarter 
Fiscal 2011 Results Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. [Operator Instructions] I 
would like to remind everyone that this conference is being recorded today, Thursday, September 16, 2010 at 5:00 p.m. 
Eastern Time. 

And I will now turn the conference over to Edel Ebbs, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 

Edel Ebbs, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thank you. Welcome to RIM's Fiscal '11 Second Quarter Results Conference Call. With me on the call today are Jim 
Balsillie, Co-CEO and Brian Bidulka, CFO. After I read the required cautionary note regarding forward-looking 
statements, Jim will provide a business and strategic update. Brian will then review the second quarter results and I'll 
discuss our outlook for the third quarter of fiscal 2011. We'll then open the call up for questions. I'd like to note that this 
call is available to the general public via call-in number and webcast. A replay of the webcast will also be available on 
the rim.com website. We plan to wrap up the call before 6:00 p.m. Eastern this evening. 

Some of the statements we will be making today constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the 
United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and applicable Canadian securities laws. These include 
statements about our expectations and estimates with respect to product shipments, revenue, gross margins, operating 
expenses, CapEx, depreciation and amortization, earnings, channel inventory seasonality and ASPs for Q3, fiscal 2011 
and beyond; our expectations regarding RIM's near and long-term tax rates, our expectations regarding the impact of 
foreign exchange on our revenue and net income in Q3, our estimates of the number of net subscriber account additions 
and other non-financial metrics, our product development and marketing initiatives and timing, developments relating 
to our carrier partners and other statements regarding our plans and objectives. 

We will indicate forward-looking statements by using words such as expect, plan, anticipate, estimate, may, will, 
should, forecast, intend, believe, continue and similar expressions. All forward-looking statements reflect our current 
views with respect to future events and are subject to risks and uncertainties in assumptions we have made. 


Many factors could cause our actual results performance or achievements to materially differ from those expressed or 
implied by our forward-looking statements including risks relating to our intellectual property rights, our ability to 
enhance our current products and develop new products and services, risks related to competition, our reliance on 
carrier partners, third-party manufacturers, third-party network developers and suppliers, risks relating to network 
disruptions and other business interactions, our ability to manage our production facilities, security risks and risks 
relating to encryption technology, risks associated with our international operations, our ability to manage growth and 
other factors set forth in the risk factors and MD&A sections in RIMs filings with the SEC and Canadian securities 
regulators. 

We base our forward-looking statements on information currently available to us and we do not assume any obligation 
to update them except as required by law. I'll now turn the call over to Jim. 

Jim Balsillie, Co-Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Edel. We are pleased to report strong financial results for the second quarter of fiscal 2011 with shipments, 
revenues and earnings all above the high end of the ranges we guided on the last conference call. Revenue grew 31% 
over the same quarter last year, and GAAP earnings grew 76%. The BlackBerry subscriber account base grew 56% 
year-over-year to over 50 million and RIM has shipped approximately 115 million handhelds to date. This strong 
performance was due to the well-executed launch of 2 new products during the quarter, excellent performance in 
international markets, particularly in Latin America and Asia. BlackBerry smartphones are available through over 565 
carrier and distribution partners in approximately 175 countries and international markets continue to be a strong driver 
of growth. 

Approximately 52% of revenue in the quarter was generated outside the United States and over 45% of BlackBerry 
subscriber account base is outside of North America. In Q2, net subscriber account additions were 4.5 million, which 
was lower than we anticipated at the time of the last earnings call. Net subscriber account additions are increasingly 
difficult to forecast as the smartphone market becomes mainstream with more channel complexity, growth in the 
number of competitive products and increased market segmentation. 

In the early part of the second quarter, we saw lower than expected net additions in the United States due to a large 
number of competitive offerings hitting the market in the absence of a new BlackBerry product offering. And in the 
latter part of the quarter, we saw some impact from the weakness in the Middle East markets due to the well-publicized 
issue surrounding BlackBerry service in the region. 

With the launch of the Torch in late August, we saw a meaningful increase in run rates in the United States which has 
continued into the early part of Q3. We have also seen an improvement in the Middle East as we work with authorities 
in these regions to address the regulatory concerns. Despite the lower net subscriber account additions, sell-through of 
BlackBerry devices in the quarter was strong at approximately 11 million, not including devices sold as phone only. 

This reflects a high level of replacement and upgrade sales with millions of BlackBerry customers remaining loyal to 
BlackBerry products and services, while millions of new BlackBerry subscribers are added to our service. 

This was an exciting quarter for RIM with the launch of BlackBerry 6, along with the BlackBerry Torch and the 
BlackBerry Curve 3G. The Torch launched with AT&T and through affiliated channels, including Best Buy, Wal-Mart, 
RadioShack and others in mid-August. And we are pleased with the positive impact this product has had on the 
performance of the BlackBerry product portfolio in the United States. AT&T supported the launch of the Torch with 
one of the largest national marketing efforts ever for RIM with TV, print and online media, dedicated freestanding 
BlackBerry Torch merchandising displays in retail stores and digital store displays including multimedia content. The 
level of marketing and advertising of Torch and other BlackBerry products is expected to increase further as we head 
into Black Friday and various TV spots and other promotions, leading to the highest exposure that BlackBerry products 
will have had in the U.S. market to date. 


Since the Torch launch sell-through run rates have more than tripled in AT&T retail stores and Torch contributed to the 
best month ever for BlackBerry smartphones with Best Buy in August. In fact, based on sell-through in the first 3 
weeks after launch at AT&T, Torch is the most successful GSM BlackBerry smartphone launch in RIM's history. So 
far, adoption of Torch in the United States has been largely dominated by consumer and prosumer sales as enterprise 
customers typically put a new OS through a certification cycle before deploying. We are excited that several of our 
large enterprise customers have put BlackBerry 6 on an accelerated validation cycle and we expect the enterprise to 
become a more significant driver of Torch adoption into Q3 and Q4. 

The launch in the U.S with AT&T was just the tip of the iceberg in terms of rollout plans for BlackBerry Torch. And 
we are excited to be launching with over 75 additional carriers around the world in the third quarter alone, including 
substantial launches and promotions plans for Mexico, Canada and Europe. These launches give us excellent visibility 
into unit shipments over the coming months, and we are excited at the prospect of increased penetration of this product 
into new markets as we head into the holiday buying season. 

We expect the strong momentum of the second quarter to continue into Q3 and be further buoyed by the seasonal 
benefits of the holiday buying season and a heavy slate of promotional activity and advertising in support of 
BlackBerry smartphones in the coming months. In the United States, we expect to roll out BlackBerry 6 for additional 
carriers as well as to participate in a number of promotional campaigns heading into black Friday. And internationally, 
the large number of expected launches, the BlackBerry 6 rollout for existing devices and a busy promotional calendar 
are all contributing to our strong outlook for the third quarter. 

During Q2, we introduced BlackBerry 6 which delivers a redesigned user experience including a visually fluid 
interface, rich web browsing and an engaging multimedia application portfolio. BlackBerry 6 offers five customizable 
views that allow the user to smoothly and easily navigate between applications, a new web kit browser that quickly 
renders rich web content and simplifies application development, a new social feeds application that allows for a 
streamlined consolidation of multiple streams and a multimedia experience that includes a free podcasting application, 
advanced media capture and playback capabilities and the ability to think it all over with a home Wi-Fi network. 

The new camera software allows for easy scene mode selection, seamless geotagging, and easily accessible and 
customizable screen and organization controls. BlackBerry 6 desktop software features an updated and more 
user-friendly interface with built-in media sync to organize multimedia content, easily manage software updates and 
add and remove applications. 

Additionally, BB 6 desktop software can monitor and manage music remotely using Wi-Fi to wirelessly sync changes 
once in coverage of a home Wi-Fi network. Initially this software is only available for Windows, but we expect to offer 
Mac support in the next few months. 

The BlackBerry Torch is the first BlackBerry smartphone to feature BlackBerry 6, and we expect the software to be 
available through additional carriers and for devices including the Bold 9700, Curve 3G and Pearl 3G in the near 
future. 

BlackBerry Podcast was launched in mid-August and is now shipping on all new products as well as being available for 
download in App World. Podcasts include content from leading providers including Bloomberg, National Public Radio, 
CBC and others as well as the BlackBerry Channel with how-to videos and other content related to BlackBerry 
products and services. BlackBerry Podcast can be set up to download content over Wi-Fi, your cellular connection, 
with content stored to the SD card for access on demand when out of network coverage, such as on an airplane. This 
solution also leverages the unique push capability of the BlackBerry solution to notify the user when new channel 
content becomes available, allowing for real-time communication between the subscriber and the content provider. 

During Q2 we also launched the BlackBerry Curve 3G with Rogers in Canada and T-Mobile in the U.S., with rollouts 
already underway with other carriers in Q3. This new addition to the Curve family features a full QWERTY keyboard, 
integrated multimedia keys, GPS, Wi-Fi, support for up to 32 gigabytes of memory and fast 3G connection along with 
many other best-in-class smartphone features. Rogers launched the Curve 3G during the first week of August at an 
aggressive $49 retail price point, which has led to solid and steadily increasing sell-through during the first month, 


outpacing even the success of the popular Curve 8520. 

We also announced this week that the new BlackBerry 6-ready Curve 9330 3G for CDMA networks. This product, 
which features a new design and a number of consumer-friendly features including improved multimedia and social 
networking capabilities, will be available from both Verizon and Sprint in time for the holiday season at attractive price 
points. We look forward to building on the strength of the Curve family of products that has traditionally had with these 
partners. 

Latin America continues to perform exceptionally well, and last quarter we saw particularly strong growth in 
Colombia, Mexico and Argentina. The Bold 9700 and Pearl 3G continue to be launched in primary and secondary 
markets throughout the region and marketing initiatives around BBM and World Cup provided a backdrop for strong 
sell through. 

Since the beginning of Q1, we have increased our regional point-of-sale presence by 225%, which is especially 
important in markets heavily dominated by prepaid where convenience is essential. We continue to build on our strong 
positioning in the U.K. with the Curve 8520 and Bold 9700, including in the top 5 selling mobile phones across the 
region during calendar Q2. O2 had its best quarter ever with BlackBerry products, launching the exclusive purple Pearl 
3G and coupling the Curve 8520 with special marketing and giveaways during the World Cup. 

Towards the end of the quarter, O2 launched a BlackBerry prepaid Hero campaign around its pay-and-go product 
which became one of the most successful recent marketing initiatives. Vodafone U.K. launched a Hero program around 
the exclusive pink Pearl 3G with heavy promotions across its entire U.K. retail channel and the public sector marketing 
program launched last quarter featured a free Curve 8520 with a 24-month BES contract, which continues to be 
successful and is facilitating growth in law enforcement, healthcare and government verticals. 

Vodafone Spain launched the second wave of its BlackBerry Messenger promotional campaign with attractive data and 
service plan combinations and a strong prepaid launch. In the Netherlands, Q2 was the third consecutive quarter of 
record-breaking net subscriber additions for all 3 carriers in the country, driven by aggressive pricing, media 
promotions and the launch of prepaid plans. In France, SFR and Bouygues have embraced BBM, building on the 
marketing RIM has been doing in the region with their own back-to-school promotions for BlackBerry smartphones. 

BlackBerry products continue to maintain a leading position at Phones 4U in Europe, and recently won awards for 
service of the year for BBM and contract phone of the year for the Curve 8520. The launch of the Pro 3G was executed 
with a high visibility Hero campaign as well as an entire floor of a store, which was transformed into a BlackBerry 
smartphone zone, and led to a sharp increase in sales. We intend to duplicate this kind of promotion throughout more of 
its locations across the U.K. and in the upcoming quarters. 

Carphone Warehouse is offering BBM bundled with Pearl 3G, Curve 8520 and Bold 9700, and has seen a strong 
uptake in this offering, particularly in the younger demographic. 

In South Africa, MTN and Vodacom saw robust sales of the BlackBerry smartphones, leveraging the Bold 9700 in 
many of the World Cup promotional activities that took place throughout the country, and BlackBerry service was 
launched with Cell C and supported by a large multi-channel marketing campaign. 

Prepaid BlackBerry service is beginning to become a meaningful driver of adoption, particularly in the EMEA region. 
During Q2 Vodafone Spain launched a prepaid plan that includes a Curve 8520 for €169 when combined with a €3.5 
per week or €9 per month data plan and a voice plan. Prepaid is also gaining traction in North America, driven by 
bundled service plans and clear and focused marketing campaign. Sprint's Boost and Virgin Mobile prepaid brands 
launched the Curve 8530 this quarter and have seen excellent adoption. 

Also in the U.S., MetroPCS with the launch of Cricket Mobile is driving strong prepaid adoption with no contract 
pricing of 249 and unlimited voice, text and data package of $60 per month. While still a small percentage of the 
overall subscriber base, prepaid is a rapidly growing part of the business and represents a substantial opportunity, given 
that this segment of the market makes up the majority of wireless consumers around the world. In Southeast Asia, our 
channel expansion continues with Brightstar now distributing BlackBerry products into Singapore and Malaysia, and 


Cool adding distribution in Thailand. Social networking continues to be a primary driver in many of these markets, and 
we've been building on this with new applications and features and targeted marketing efforts. 

On the topic of lawful access, RIM is continuing discussions with governments and carriers in India and the UAE, and I 
believe we have made good progress in those discussions. The details of such discussions are of course confidential, 
but I'm optimistic that a positive and constructive outcome can be achieved that addresses the regulatory requirements 
of government and the security and privacy needs of corporations and consumers. I know that there are lots of 
contradictory rumors and theories on this topic and it is unfortunately inevitable given the circumstances. It's the type 
of subject that draws a lot of interest and commentary from a lot of people, many of whom are simply speculating, and 
some of whom are frankly driven by their own agendas. And so it should be no surprise that there is a lot of misleading 
and inaccurate information out there. 

With that in mind, I will reiterate that RIM continues to engage in constructive discussions in the matter, and RIM has 
consistently and publicly communicated its principles in dealing with the matter. We have made it clear that we are 
respectful of government needs and fully cooperating to comply with lawful requirements on an industry standard 
basis, but we cannot compromise the security architecture of the BlackBerry Enterprise solution. It utilizes end-to-end 
encryption and RIM simply has no ability to read the encrypted information. RIM has no master key or backdoor key to 
allow access, and the location of RIM's infrastructure has no impact on the security architecture. The end-to-end 
encryption is a fundamental part of the system design, and we know it is a fundamentally important security feature for 
our Enterprise customers around the world, since they legitimately need to protect their confidential corporate 
information, and this is a core underpinning of why we have over 250,000 BlackBerry enterprise servers installed and 
operational around the world today. 

BlackBerry App World was updated in August with the launch of several new features to enable better application 
discovery, easier payment and more opportunities for developer profitability. New services added include bar code 
scanning that allows for direct access to applications by using the camera to scan QR bar codes in advertisements and 
BlackBerry ID which enables subscribers to have a device independent library of apps for quick and easy transfer 
between BlackBerry smartphone. 

New payment options including credit card and carrier billing are now enabled in BlackBerry App World and are 
available with carriers including AT&T, with rollout planned to others in the near future. To further increase adoption 
of BlackBerry App World, the minimum price for an app has been lowered to $0.99 and navigation has been improved 
with new features including tabbed options and a top-25 list. To date, over 35 million BlackBerry smartphones have 
downloaded App World and an average of over 1.5 million apps are being downloaded every day, which is up 40% 
sequentially. 

We continue to work closely with the developer community to encourage development of compelling applications for 
the BlackBerry platform. BlackBerry 6 simplifies that development through support for WebKit, HTML5 and Widgets. 
The integration of universal search and preloading of App World and the new carrier billing, modified pricing and 
advertising that will add further elements of developer monetizing. 

Since the launch of Torch with BlackBerry 6 last month, there are now over 2,000 applications available for the Torch 
in App World and that number is growing rapidly every week. We are actively supporting our top developers not only 
to optimize for the new BlackBerry 6 UI but also working with them to help them take advantage of the new features in 
their apps, such as universal search, barcode and QR code scanning, network based location and more. 

We are also starting to bring new developers into the BlackBerry platform that are building full-featured apps on top of 
our WebKit browser using the BlackBerry Widget platform. We will be unveiling some very exciting news on the 
latest enhancements and future direction for this platform at the RIM BlackBerry DEVCON at the end of September in 
San Francisco as we continue to embrace and extend the HTML5 web standards for both online content services and 
full-featured offline apps. 

BBM continues to be an important driver of adoption in many markets around the world. In Q2 we began an integrated 
marketing campaign to increase awareness and usage. Results from this campaign indicate increased penetration of 


BBM usage in many regions, but particular success in the youth demographic. Marketing and advertising efforts in Q3 
will be expanded to have a greater focus on highlighting the features and benefits of BlackBerry 6 and our new 
smartphones including the BlackBerry Torch in key markets around the world. 

RIM's leadership position in the enterprise market continues to be strong with over 90% of the Fortune 500 companies 
having deployed BlackBerry smartphones. The combination of security, reliability, manageability and compliance, 
together with the ease of enabling corporate applications continues to drive strong adoption and support for the 
BlackBerry Enterprise Solution by CIOs and IT departments around the world. 

In addition to deploying the BlackBerry platform as a corporate data access solution, large enterprise users increasingly 
are adding BlackBerry mobile voice system to their IT architecture. MVS 5 with its voice over Wi-Fi capability 
became generally available at the end of Q2 and several large customers have moved ahead with adoption of the 
solution, including a number of Fortune 500 companies. These and many other enterprise customers are reaping the 
economic and end user benefits of making and taking phone calls from their office lines on their BlackBerry device 
over a cellular network or Wi-Fi when available. 

In support of the release of the BlackBerry MVS 5, some of our North American carrier partners have evolved their 
BlackBerry MVS offerings to include strategic programs that bundle BlackBerry MVS 5 with net new purchase of 
BlackBerry smartphones which is driving adoption and end user value. RIM is also making this solution available 
through value-added resellers in North America such as Endpoint Technologies, Instant Technology Solutions and 
BDH Solutions through a new agreement that was signed this last quarter with Ingram Micro. BlackBerry MVS 5 runs 
only on BlackBerry smartphones and builds on the value of a BlackBerry Enterprise Solution that is the gold standard 
for corporations around the world to mobilize their workforces. 

There are 2 segments in the corporate data access market, corporate liable, where the company purchases and deploys a 
smartphone to designated employees and personal liable, where an individual has a personal smartphone enabled to 
access corporate data. On the corporate liable side, RIM has been benefiting from the move by key enterprise 
customers to expand the number of organizational layers that qualify for corporate designated BlackBerry smartphones, 
which will drive deeper penetration within these organizations well beyond the executive and sales ranks. 

The growth of personal liable devices in the enterprise represents an opportunity for RIM to build on its leading 
position as the corporate liable smartphone choice in the enterprise. We are building on this by ensuring that the 
BlackBerry Dual Persona solution for sandboxing allows organizations to maintain security of their corporate data 
assets and maintain compliance with regulatory retirements without compromising their employees' enjoyment of their 
personal device applications. Unique aspects of the BlackBerry solution include the ability to block cutting and pasting 
of work data into personal applications, the ability to restrict personal applications from accessing corporate 
information, the ability to remotely wipe only the corporate side of the device and disallowing forwarding of corporate 
communications through personal communications applications. The ability to manage corporate access by personal 
devices on a corporate BES or with BES Express is a key differentiator for the BlackBerry solution in this market and 
for large organizations with compliance, auditing and security retirements. The BlackBerry solution remains the 
simplest and least expensive way to meet regulatory requirements while increasing the productivity of their employee 
base through enabling corporate data access on personal smartphones 

Brand users BlackBerry smartphones offer the benefit of providing an integrating experience between personal and 
work, for example the ability to manage their personal and work appointments in the same calendar view. We expect 
this solution to be available to many of our corporate customers by the end of the year. 

We know that many analysts are continuing to evolve their understanding and modeling of the enterprise market, and 
we think there are 3 important distinctions that must be made in evaluating the total addressable market and trends. The 
first distinction is that smartphones purchased through a corporate discount program for friends and family may be 
reported as business devices, but those devices are in fact being utilized by consumers and were simply procured 
through a business channel in order to receive a discount. This is a common practice in large enterprises. 


The second distinction is that employees themselves who use a corporate discount program to purchase a smartphone 
or who may be receiving a cell phone reimbursement from their employer, but who are not actually allowed to connect 
the smartphone to corporate data systems are not really enterprise users, and therefore, should also be considered 
consumers who are simply purchasing through a business channel in order to receive a discount. 

Finally, the third key distinction that should be made is the size and growth rate of personal liable and corporate liable 
segments. Many firms looking at supporting personal liable smartphones have not proceeded past the trial stage due to 
factors previously mentioned. When sizing up competitive claims about these segments, we think it is also important to 
question and challenge assumptions about the penetration since we have not typically seen competitive claims backed 
up by actual user numbers, excluding pilots and free device seeding. 

We are very excited about the early adoption trends of the Torch 9800 and Curve 3G as well as the heavy promotional 
calendar lined up to support BlackBerry products over the next few months. Our partners and customers are excited 
about the future and current -- the current and future BlackBerry product portfolio, and we are looking forward to 
continued strong adoption of the BlackBerry platform around the world. I will now turn the call over to Brian to review 
Q2 results. 

Brian Bidulka, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Jim. Revenue for the second quarter ended August 28 was $4.62 billion, which was up from $4.24 billion 
in the previous quarter, slightly above the guidance we provided on the June conference call. Handheld devices 
represented 3.64 billion or 79% of revenue during the quarter as compared to 3.35 billion or 79% in the previous 
quarter. 

Total devices shipped in the quarter were higher than Q1 at 12.1 million units. Approximately 11 million new devices 
were activated Q2, either for new customers or for replacements and upgrades not including phone-only sales. We 
estimate that 4 weeks of channel inventory at the end of Q2 was similar to Q1 and based on our sell-through forecast, 
we expect forward weeks of inventory to be relatively flat again in Q3. 

Device ASPs in the quarter were approximately $304 which was slightly higher than Q1 due to product mix. Service 
revenue was $771 million or 17% of revenue, up $78 million from Q1. Software revenue and other revenue accounted 
for the remaining 4% of sales in the quarter. 

Gross margin for the second quarter was 44.5%, slightly higher than the guidance we provided in June due to revenue 
mix. Operating expenses in the second quarter were $974 million, higher than the comparable Q1 levels as expected. 
R&D spending was 323 million or 7% of revenue for the quarter, in line with our forecast. Sales, marketing and 
administration expense was approximately 546 million, slightly above our forecast. Operating expenses included stock 
based compensation expense of approximately $17 million. 

Tax rate for the quarter was approximately 27%, in line with our forecast. And income for the second quarter was 797 
million or $1.46 per share diluted. The impact of shares repurchased in the quarter was approximately $0.02 per share. 
Weighted average diluted shares used in the EPS calculation for the quarter were 546.4 million. Actual shares 
outstanding at August 28 were 524.5 million. Total options outstanding at August 28 were approximately 7.5 million. 

During the quarter RIM repurchased and canceled 28.4 million common shares at a cost of $1.53 billion in accordance 
with the board-approved 2011 repurchase program authorized in June. 

Total cash, cash equivalents, and short-term and long-term investments decreased by approximately 1.24 billion to 
$2.03 billion at the end of Q2 as compared to 3.27 billion at the end of the previous quarter. During the quarter, RIM 
generated approximately 940 million in cash from operating activities which was offset by capital asset additions of 
approximately 200 million, business acquisitions at 320 million and the repurchase of common shares of approximately 

1.5 billion. 

In Q2, accounts receivable were approximately 3.22 billion and DSOs increased to 63 days from 57 days in the prior 
quarter primarily due to timing of sales in the quarter, with the introduction of Torch and Curve 3G in the last few 
weeks of the quarter. Inventory on hand in Q2 was approximately $645 million versus 556 million in the prior quarter. 
Inventories continue to be primarily raw materials and semi-finished goods to support demand for BlackBerry products. 

Given the currently forecasted geographic mix for Q3, we do not expect a significant impact on revenue or net income 
from foreign exchange with a 10% plus or minus move in the U.S. dollar having a negligible impact on revenue or 
expenses. I will now turn the call over to Edel to discuss our outlook for Q3. 

Edel Ebbs, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thanks, Brian. Before I discuss our outlook for Q3, I'd like to remind everyone that these forward-looking statements 
reflect management's best current estimates and should be taken in the context of the risk factors listed at the beginning 
of the call and outlined in our public filings. 

We expect to ship between 13.8 and 14.4 million units in the third quarter of fiscal 2011 and for revenue to be in the 
range to 5.3 billion to 5.55 billion. This increase in unit shipments is being driven by ongoing strong sell-through of 
existing and new products, rollouts of new products such as Torch in markets around the world and channels preparing 
for the increased demand expected during the holiday buying season. 

As we said on the last earnings call, we expect ASP in the second half of the year to be higher than the first half. ASP 
in Q3 is expected to be between $310 and $315, higher than Q2 due to the mix of products expected to ship in the 
quarter. As we discussed for the past few quarters, the increase in the number of products we offer and the number of 
geographies we sell into makes forecasting product mix and therefore ASP increasingly difficult. As a result, this will 
be the last quarter we will offer guidance on ASP and we will report ASP for the last time with our Q3 results in 
December. 

We are targeting gross margin for the third quarter to be approximately 42% which is consistent with our commentary 
from the last call where we said that we expect quarterly growth margin percentage to remain in the low 40s throughout 
the second half of the fiscal year. Q3 margin is expected to be lower than Q2 primarily due to strong growth in unit 
shipments driving hardware higher as a percentage of the revenue mix for Q3. We continue to expect growth margins 
to remain in the low 40s for Q4. 

We are targeting net subscriber account additions for Q3 in the range of 5 million to 5.4 million. This reflects the strong 
run rate we have seen so far in September with the Torch launch and the resolution of some of the regulatory issues in 
the Middle East as well as the launch of the Torch and Curve 3G in dozens of incremental markets around the world as 
well as the ongoing momentum we anticipate from the high level of advertising and promotional activities scheduled as 
we head into the holiday buying season and Black Friday. 

Net subscriber account additions is a metric that is unique to RIM and is not comparable to metrics supported by any of 
our competitors. Additionally, as Jim mentioned, forecasting net subscriber account additions is increasingly difficult 
given the growing complexity of our business with diverse market segments, multiple geographies and over 565 
carriers and distribution partners. As a result, after today we will no longer guide net subscriber account additions and 
we will report net subscriber account additions for the last time in December. 

Total operating expenses are expected to increase in Q3 by approximately 7% to 12% from Q2 levels. We expect R&D 
to increase by approximately 8% to 11% and sales, marketing and administration expense to increase by approximately 
7% to 14%. In the third quarter, we expect depreciation and amortization to be approximately 110 million and we 
expect CapEx to be approximately 300 million. 

In the fourth quarter we expect CapEx to be similar to Q3 levels. Primary areas of spending continue to be expansion of 
network infrastructure and facilities for R&D and IT operations. We expect the tax rate to be between 27% and 28% in 
Q3 and throughout the remainder of fiscal '11. We expect Q3 EPS to be in the range of $1.62 to $1.70 per share diluted. 


I will now turn the call back to Jim. 

Jim Balsillie, Co-Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Edel. Customers and markets around the world are continuing to embrace the BlackBerry solution and we 
are excited to leverage the momentum in our business into the holiday buying season and RIM's third quarter. This 
concludes our formal comments. We would like to open the call up for questions. Please limit yourself to one question 
per person. We plan to end the call today by approximately 6:00 p.m. Would the operator please come on to handle 
questions? 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your 
first question today comes from Mike Abramsky of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Mike Abramsky>: Yes, thanks very much. Pardon me, I'm sorry. Jim, can you talk a little bit about your design 
philosophy going forward with regard to perhaps pushing specs versus following specs and trading that off versus 
traditional approaches with BlackBerry to things like battery life and cost? I think the Torch is a fine product but also 
been criticized for perhaps not pushing the edge on things like processor and display, not carrying through on open GL 
for 3D gaming and so forth. And I was just -- obviously you won't talk about roadmap, but could you give us a little 
sense of how you might think about these things going forward in the context of competitive product? 

<A - Jim Balsillie, Co-Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. There is such an interesting dynamic going on in the market 
because first of all, I mean, I think when you talk about sort of platform and design and future aspects, I think you're 
going to be pleasantly surprised at DEVCON in a week Monday. And I can't really give you too much here but I think 
you're going to be really interested there. So I think that more aspects of the design philosophy are going to come out 
there. 

I think in terms of what BlackBerry does, it still has a tremendous number of attributes that really serve the market in 
the way that we align it for the service and for the carrier and for the segment that it's supposed to address. And I think 
it's dangerous to frame all of this in a high-end arms race. And I think you're going to see our capacity to go beyond 
what could have been expected by anyone and yet still address the issues of cost effectiveness, security, efficiency and 
desired form factors. 

So our specialty's been in resolving a paradox. And if you don't resolve that, if you don't innovate to resolve that 
paradox, robbing Peter to pay Paul isn't really a solution because you're just shifting strategies. And so the feature 
phone's upgrading to a smartphone. I think our guidance just shows what's happening, and if you saw the roadmap and 
you saw the engagement strategies, you would see that we're being very prudent in our approaches. But this is really a 
promising space, and we can address lots of segments and we can still respect carrier alignment and efficiency and 
different price points. 

But, I think you're going to see the ability to – I don't know how to say it better than other than resolve the paradox. 
Because if you make these things so high end that they're not addressable to the market or they're so consumptive of the 
networks they can't scale, that's not what we originally designed our business for. And what we've done is innovate to 
really avail the capability but still not sell out our lineage and that's the paradox that we're resolving. So -- but be 
careful that just because you don't jump to Peter and abandon Paul to sort of carry on with that sort of approach, that we 
don't have an answer. 

But we are not, we are trying to innovate for our business, not be strategically erratic. So the core BlackBerry aspects 
are well defended and well looked after and protected, but it's in a space where people have mushrooming expectations 


of what these things can do, and that's the essence of the paradox. And all I can say is it won't take long before you see 
how we've done that. And I think Torch and BlackBerry 6 is really an excellent step forward and that's why you've seen 

– you know the promo campaigns are just really starting. But that's why you've seen the jump in guidance in the subs, 
is that. So I hope I answered your question. It's a bit of a – it's hard for me to answer too directly without sort of 
violating confidential roadmap stuff. 
Operator 

Your next question comes from Kulbinder Garcha of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Kulbinder Garcha>: Thanks. My question is just on the visibility that you have for this quarter, I guess to Jim 
and Edel. Just to be clear, it's basically driven mainly by North America and driven by the promotions there that you 
are seeing with the U.S. carriers? Or is it global? And just one other question in terms of the difference between 
devices, activated and shipments, I think you've got about 1 million units difference, which is on the higher end of 
where we have seen historically. Is there an additional channel fill going on the next quarter which you've put in your 
guidance as well? Or is it more driven by sell-through strength? 

<A - Jim Balsillie, Co-Chief Executive Officer>: Well, to answer the second one, it's not channel fill. Trust me. These 
carriers have got channel management down to a very, very strong business. So it's not a channel strategy. You can 
look at the inventory management plans of the carriers and know that one, so it's just a different world right now and 
quick response logistics, no, it's sell through. And there's upgrade and there's a lot of net new – what's that? Yes, and a 
lot of them are phone only. So there's phone only. It's all of the above. 

And, yes, our visibility is very strong. I mean our visibility is very, very good. I mean, and we've tried to always be 
cautious coming into the holiday season, and look at the trends from the past. And so, and like I said, these upgrades, 
all these products are upgrading to 6.0, all these promo campaigns, all these global campaigns. And I think you're going 
to see some very interesting strategic extensions at DEVCON and signaling where we're going. So I think we said on 
the last call this will all become very, very apparent by end of September. We've said that for the last 6, 9 months. You 
know, just end of September is not that far away. 

<A - Edel Ebbs, Vice President, Investor Relations>: And Kulbinder, sorry, just on the visibility aspect as well. I 
mean it really, it's a number of factors. I mean there is a lot going on in North America basically with Torch and the 
Curve 3G and some of the promotions that are really just starting to ramp up now, and the plans into Black Friday and 
the holidays. But also, we really have Torch launching in Q3 in 75 carriers around the world. And some of them have 
pretty heavy consumer positioning and marketing promotional campaigns planned behind them. So that also gives us a 
lot of visibility. 

<Q - Kulbinder Garcha>: And then just as a follow up, Edel. Just to clarify what you're going you're to guide on and 
not. You're not going to guide on average selling prices and not report them going forward or just not guide them and 
report them afterwards, and the same for net adds? 

<A - Edel Ebbs, Vice President, Investor Relations>: The same for both of them so this will be the last time we'll 
guide them. Next quarter is the last time we'll report them. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Jeff Kvaal of Barclays Capital. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Jeff Kvaal>: Yes. Thanks very much. It seems as though you folks didn't have a particularly strong quarter in 
North America net adds. My ballpark math is it's probably the slowest quarter in some years. Can you help us 
understand a little bit of what's going on there? And should we expect that to be sustainably improved? Or is this going 
to be a bumpy ride from here? What's happening in North America? Thank you. 


<A - Jim Balsillie, Co-Chief Executive Officer>: Well I think, thanks for the question, Jeff. I think we or I started to 
address it by saying we've bought a dramatic guidance enhancement in this quarter for net, and it's substantially driven 
by enhancements of North America since we launched the Torch and we have a number of these launches and 
campaigns starting now. So if there was some softening, which we said there was some softening early in the quarter, 
that's dramatically reversed. The nice thing about what we do is we get subs per day, buy op, by carrier, by country and 
it rolls up. And what we've seen in the first 2.5, almost 3 weeks this quarter looks – I mean that's the basis of our 
guidance. And you look at the campaigns and the committed elements, and you compare it to historical, and it's very, 
very strong. Very strong. 

So you know, there's elements of promotion and there's elements of product cycles. And I also think that there is – I 
mean, there's been strategic engagements and plans for key carriers in the U.S. and I think you're going to see some 
very, very strong not only enhanced current strategies but new strategies that strategically extend the carrier's platform 
strategies using BlackBerry. So it's built on – it's basically based on the numbers that we've been getting in the last 4 or 
5 weeks since Torch got going and the committed plan and new strategies. And we feel very, very strong about it. 

But you know, it doesn't take a lot of weeks of something to be out of sync to sort of gum up a quarter. And I'd be a lot 
more troubled if that didn't turn around in the last 3, 4 weeks of the quarter. And then you sit there and go it's 
something structural rather than something intermittent that has to be cleaned up and enhanced. But really, if you saw 
the roadmaps and you saw the plans and you saw the programs, you saw the alignment, you'd be quite bullish. 

Operator 

And your next question comes from Maynard Um of UBS. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Maynard Um>: Hi. Thanks. Just a clarification and then a question, I guess I understand not guiding the net adds, 
but can you run through the rationale of not reporting the net adds afterwards because there is a big sensitivity 
particular to the out years related to your service revenue. And then the question is just following up on the U.S. and it 
sounds like North America net adds will actually reaccelerate given the Torch and the reinvigoration from that product. 
But that implies that your international net adds will actually weaken. So I'm just trying to understand the dynamics are, 
is something happening on the international side? Or is there, I guess if you could just run through the dynamics there. 
Thank you. 

<A - Jim Balsillie, Co-Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I think we're guiding kind of 20%-ish growth in it quarter 
over quarter so there's room in both there. And you kind of take a number and roll them up to a discount. But it's also, 
you know, you get bits of variability because sometimes there's – they go out as phones, sometimes there's upgrades 
and they don't go as net. Sometimes you get these different events. And so I mean, how much information is helpful, 
and how much do you just put yourself in a position where it's got variability as Edel said, and how much do you sort 
of competitively disadvantage yourself by over-disclosing stuff. But I mean we'll give you periodic indications of the 
overall subscriber base. We'll let people know when we hit 100 million or maybe 75 million. And you can sort of do 
the math as to sort of how long that's going to take. And the only question is, is it one quarter earlier or one quarter 
later, really. 

I mean, you play, you do the stuff out we do it. And that's how we have to plan our infrastructure; it's basically number 
a of subs and the utilization profile of those guys. So we have a pretty good sense of it. But I mean, you can also pretty 
much deduce it. It's just how much granularity do you give. And it's competitive and then you have a responsibility to 
in turbulence of business to keep people all update on it, and. 

<Q - Maynard Um>: Maybe if you can just help us understand on the ARPU side. You said that prepaid is actually 
growing and presumably becoming more significant. Will the ARPUs start to drop more significantly? I mean are the 
ARPUs now for consumer around the $1 to $5 range or do they still stay in this $3 to $5 range? And that's 


<A - Edel Ebbs, Vice President, Investor Relations>: There's really no change, Maynard. I mean if you actually – I 
don't know if you've had a chance to back into some of the numbers, probably not yet. But I mean the ARPU this 


quarter was pretty much flat. Like we talked about at the Analyst Day, the more successful we are in some of these, 
there's been no real change in a lot of the different tiers so much as we're just having a lot of success with some of the 
things like prepaid. So the more successful we are, sure you're going to see that impact ARPU. But that also means 
you're selling a whole lot of handsets, right? 

<A - Jim Balsillie, Co-Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, I mean you get, yes, that's right. And then there tends to be an 
upgrade of handsets. And it's still a good business even wherever it is, the tiering. And also there's a real powerful set of 
indirect monetizations we've got going. And there's sort of campaign haloing that goes with dealing with the segments. 
So there's a lot of strategic complementariness on this. So and we sort of heard this diminished ARPU thesis for 7, 8, 9 
years now. At the end of the day, I mean, I think it's run its course. 

<A - Edel Ebbs, Vice President, Investor Relations>: Yes, I mean, we're not like modeling anything really different 
than we talked about last quarter. I mean, it's not like there's some huge decline in ARPU or something. 

<A - Jim Balsillie, Co-Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. I mean, I think we've been consistent that this is a services 
platform. And we need current return for what we do but we also need a strategic sort of presence of adopted 
customers, because A, that's sort of what you want in terms of true market share, and then you want – because there's 
new ways of monetization. And be careful on the market share definitions because when we look at market share, 
giving out some open source software that just gets fragmented in implementation, I mean, I'm not sure just where that 
market share for who and for how much. So, I mean, and so when you go at sort of the ARPU and all this kind of stuff, 
clearly, there's a value to having this happy customer that you look after that's got a life cycle with you. And you have 
sort of an integrated commercial relationship with them so that there's commerce exchanged. And that's distinct from 
just sort of here's some software and let's see what happens. 

But with us, I think what's distinct for us is we're trying to do that in a rapidly expanding market where we've got 
constructive alignment with the carriers and you're going to see some very powerful extensions of our constructive 
alignment with more of the ecosystem rolled out at DEVCON and throughout the rest of the autumn. 

So there's margin on devices. There's margins on service. There's margins on BES. There's margin on value-added 
stuff. And it's a sphere that's rapidly expanding into sort of what channels through a smartphone. And so I agree it's a 
bit tricky to model. And that's why ASPs can be a little leading, giving net subs can be a little misleading. You just got 
to roll it up and say this is what we shipped. This is our revenue. This is our net. And then you give general description 
around it. And I mean if you look at our guidance and performance, I think it's impressive. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Gus Papageorgiou of Scotia Capital. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Gus Papageorgiou>: Jim you said that Asia-Pacific was one of the stronger regions this quarter. Just wondering, 
can you kind of highlight what's going on in China? How many carriers there have dedicated to promote BlackBerry? 
And when do you think China gets turned on like for real? 

<A - Jim Balsillie, Co-Chief Executive Officer>: Well, that's a very fair question. And we had a big internal planning 
exercise on China this week internal and then a bunch of trips planned and all that stuff. China has global unique 
circumstances because there is state ownership and control of all 3 carriers. And there are special state requirements in 
terms of how you fit with air link protocols and different aspects like that. And so I believe – and so you're going to see 
some very strategic extensions by us in China. And some implementation of things we've signaled in terms of new air 
links, very powerful local infrastructure, the fund there, localized products. And tight alignment with, we've currently 
announced 2 of the 3 carriers so far. 

Let's not talk beyond that right now, but I think we are uniquely positioned to be a very good citizen in China in terms 
of pleasing the customers, complying with the carrier requirements there and still leveraging the BlackBerry benefit 
worldwide both in terms of its enterprise capability and its consumer capability. So we have a plan there. I think the 
numbers are improving. I think the product pipeline is also improving. I think the cornerstone pieces for a sustained 


solution that addresses all of the market and all the carriers is being put in place. And I think we've been very systemic 
and patient in China. And I think customers will benefit and I think you're going to see more and more from them this 
fiscal year. 

As last quarter was a multiple of the previous quarter and the previous quarter. And there's lots of gray market in there, 
but I think we're committed to being very good citizens in China. We take a patient approach. We take an overall 
societal benefit approach. And I personally spend a lot of attention to it. And I think it's going to pay sustained and very 
good dividends for RIM shareholders, this approach. It's not a quick grab and dash thing. It's not a capitulation of 
sovereignty thing. It's an aligned patient approach. And you're seeing product flow now. You're going to see a lot of 
products starting to flow later this year. 

But it's a long-term approach. And I think that's the way you've got to do it. Because if you go for just a bit of quick 
volume, it can disappear as quickly as it shows up. And we're about a service that really delivers a set of promises. And 
it's a much more comprehensive role we're taking on and it's a carefully regulated society. So we just have to slowly 
and systemically and patiently do what we do. But I think we're rather unique in that way. And I think we'll serve RIM 
shareholders for a very, very long time. 

<Q - Gus Papageorgiou>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen this concludes the question-and-answer session. Please continue. 

Edel Ebbs, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thank you, operator. In closing, I would like to remind everyone that there's a post view service available at 
416-640-1917 pass code 4310309#. Or you can listen to the call which is being recorded and will be available in the 
Investor Events section of our Web site at rim.com/investors. Thank you. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and you may 
now disconnect your lines. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


