Q3 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Edel Ebbs, Vice President, Investor Relations 
• James L. Balsillie, Co-Chief Executive Officer 
• Brian Bidulka, Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Jim Suva 
• Maynard Um 
• Tim Long 
• Jeff Kvaal 
• Tavis McCourt 
• Steven Fox 
• Gus Papageorgiou 
• Mike Abramsky 
• Kulbinder Garcha 
• Rod Hall 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Research In Motion Third Quarter 2011 Results 
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this conference is being recorded today, 
Thursday December 16th, 2010 and I will now turn the conference over to Edel Ebbs, Vice President, Investor 
Relations. Please go ahead. 

Edel Ebbs, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thank you. Welcome to RIM's fiscal 2011 third quarter results conference call. With me today on the call are Jim 
Balsillie, Co-CEO and Brian Bidulka, CFO. After I read the required cautionary note regarding forward-looking 
statements, Jim is going to provide a business and strategic update. Brian will then review the third quarter results and 
I'll discuss our outlook for the fourth quarter of fiscal '11. We'll then open the call up for questions. I'd like to note that 
this call is available to the general public by a call-in number and webcast. A replay of the webcast will be available on 
the rim.com website. We plan to wrap up the call before 6:00 p.m. Eastern this evening. 

Some of the statements we will be making today constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the 
United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and applicable Canadian securities laws. These include 
statements about our expectations and estimates with respect to product shipments; revenue; gross margins; operating 
expenses; CapEx; depreciation and amortization; earnings; channel inventories; and seasonality for Q4, fiscal 2012 and 
beyond; our expectations regarding RIM's near and long term tax rate; our expectations regarding the impact of foreign 
exchange on our revenue and net income in Q4; our product development and marketing initiatives and timing, 
including our expectations relating to the BlackBerry PlayBook, developments relating to our carrier partners and other 
statements regarding our plans and objectives. 


We will indicate forward-looking statements by using words, such as expect, plan, anticipate, estimate, may, will, 
should, forecast, intend, believe, continue and similar expressions. All forward-looking statements reflect our current 
views with respect to future events and are subject to risks and uncertainties in assumptions we've made. Many factors 
that cause our actual result performance or 

achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements, including 
risks relating to our intellectual property rights; our ability to enhance our current products and develop new products 
and services; risks relating to competition; our reliance on carrier partners, third party manufacturers, third party 
network developers and suppliers; risks relating to network disruptions and other business interruptions; our ability to 
manage our production facilities; security risks and risks relating to encryption technology; risks associated with our 
international operations; our ability to manage growth; and other factors set forth in the risk factors and MD&A 
sections in RIM's filing with the SEC and Canadian securities regulators. We base our forward-looking statements on 
information currently available to us and we do not assume any obligation to update except as required by law. 

I'll now turn the call over to Jim. 

James L. Balsillie, Co-Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Edel. RIM is pleased to report a record third quarter, with strong unit shipments, net adds and financials 
performance and strong outlook for the fourth quarter. This is the sixth consecutive quarter that RIM has reported 
record shipments. International markets continue to adopt BlackBerry in record numbers, and BlackBerry is the number 
one smartphone in several markets in Western Europe, including the U.K – And BlackBerry was the number one 
smartphone for the third consecutive quarter in Latin America. 

In North America, BlackBerry was included in a number of exciting Black Friday and holiday promotions that are 
continuing throughout December. The smartphone market is rapidly evolving, highly segmented and growing quickly. 
For example, the pre-paid smartphone market in the U.K. alone grew 245% year-over-year versus post-paid at only 
55% growth. And we're going to take advantage of these dynamics to leverage our unique position and grow the 
business to record levels. 

The BlackBerry Torch was launched in over 75 new markets during Q3 and we saw weekly sell-through run rates 
increasing substantially quarter-over-quarter. Torch and BlackBerry 6 are receiving strong support from our partners, 
including substantial marketing campaigns and hero status with many of our European carrier partners. The campaigns 
are driving excellent results, which we expect to continue throughout the holiday season. 

The Torch has also been a resounding success in the Middle East, where it was launched at GITEX with both Du and 
Etisalat launching aggressive pricing bundles and media campaigns to promote the product. Torch is rolling out in 
Latin America and we expect to see the initial excitement around the product extend as we add additional partners in 
Asia and other international markets in Q4. 

In the United States, Torch was launched in two new colors, red, and white to coincide with the $99 pricing from 
AT&T, and sell-through run rates have increased as a result of these programs. Torch is currently featured in AT&T's 
holiday marketing campaign, which is scheduled to have high visibility through to the end of the year. We're also 
expecting good visibility throughout Q4 in the United States through participation in New Year's and Valentine's Day 
promotional activities. 

The BlackBerry Style was launched with Sprint in time for the holidays with a sizeable marketing program and positive 
reviews. The product is currently featured in a number of Sprint holiday promotions 

including a BOGO offer, and Style is now one of Sprint's most popular smartphones, representing over one-third of 
Sprint's total BlackBerry sell-through. This promotion is scheduled to run into the new year. 

Verizon continues to be a strong partner and is one of the most aggressive carriers to promote BlackBerry in the United 
States. BlackBerry products are featured in most of Verizon's holiday promotions across various media, including TV 


and print advertising, which is, coupled with some of the most attractive pricing on BlackBerry products in the U.S. 
market. Verizon also appreciates the value of efficiency in the BlackBerry platform and is promoting BlackBerry 
smartphones as the lead device in its new tiered pricing offers. Our relationship with Verizon remains strong and we 
look forward to rolling out a number of exciting new products and services with this partner over the coming year, 
including the availability of BlackBerry 6 for Verizon's Curve 3G and Bold users early in the new year. 

The BlackBerry Curve 3G launched with 118 carriers in 48 countries during the quarter. Curve 3G is gaining traction 
with partners in Europe and Canada, as well as the U.S. with AT&T, which is promoting the product in its B2B 
channel. In Q4 we expect to see continued momentum from the Curve 3G as it rolls out in Latin America with 
significant carrier support and promotion. 

BlackBerry service adoption in the prepaid market continues to take off around the world and BlackBerry smartphones 
are the number one prepaid smartphone in several countries, including the Netherlands, Indonesia, and the U.K., where 
RIM is the dominant player with 40% market share. This adoption is exciting as the segments driving this growth are 
primarily youth who are attracted to the flexibility of prepaid plans, and the ease of messaging and social networking 
through applications, such as BlackBerry Messenger and new customers upgrading to a smartphone for the first time. 
This success is also extended to prepaid markets in the U.S. and Canada and we look forward to continuing to grow this 
segment. 

China Mobile and RIM recently introduced BIS for small to medium sized businesses and consumers in China through 
China Mobile's retail stores. The service starts at the equivalent of $14 per month and is now available in Beijing, with 
launches throughout the rest of China to follow. The BlackBerry service for SMBs and consumers expands the 
opportunity for RIM in China and represents the first time individual users can subscribe to BlackBerry services, 
including BDM and access a rich set of BlackBerry features and third party software. 

In September, RIM hosted the third annual BlackBerry Developer Conference and made a number of application 
development platform announcements that generated excitement in the mobile application developer community. 
Enhancements to the developer platform included the launch of the BlackBerry Advertising Service and WebWorks 
platform, as well as the introduction of the BlackBerry Payment Service, and the BBM social platform for applications. 

The launch of WebWorks is an important step in the evolution of the BlackBerry development platform, as it allows 
content and app developers to design apps for BlackBerry smartphones using industry-standard web technologies 
without any requirement to learn proprietary languages or programming models. 

The BlackBerry Payment Service is currently in beta, and there's been positive feedback from developers on the 
capabilities and simplicity of the APIs. We're also seeing huge interest for the developer community around the BBM 
social platform and look forward to applications becoming available that leverage these services early next year. 

Momentum in BlackBerry App World continues to build, and since the end of the second quarter, the number of 
applications grew 60%, and there are now more than 16,000 applications available with over 2 million downloads 
daily. This growth is being driven by increased penetration of BlackBerry 6 into the customer base, the launch of App 
World 2.0, and improved payment capabilities, such as the adoption of integrated carrier billing. 

We were excited to announce the BlackBerry Tablet OS and the BlackBerry PlayBook at DevCon in late September. 
The PlayBook is expected to begin shipping in the United States in the first calendar of 2011, with roll-outs in other 
international markets following thereafter. Initial versions will be Wi-Fi only and will be available through retail outlets 
and other channels. PlayBook tablets incorporating wide-area radios are expected to follow the Wi-Fi launch. 

There are a number of go-to-market strategies underway for PlayBook, and the excitement for customers, partners, 
developers, and wireless calendars has been overwhelming. The BlackBerry PlayBook is powered by the BlackBerry 
Tablet OS, which is based on technology from the QNX acquisition we made earlier this year. The PlayBook, which 
combines the multi-core BlackBerry Tablet OS with a fast, powerful, dual-core processor and full support for HTML5, 
JavaScript, WebWorks, Flash and Adobe AIR, delivers an uncompromised web experience for end users and a 
powerful, easy-to-use development environment based on open web standards. Initial feedback from our customers and 
partners is overwhelmingly positive, and we look forward to updating you more on roll-out plans and product 


specifications as we get closer to launch. 

At Adobe MAX in October, we launched the Adobe AIR SDK for BlackBerry Tablet OS and are already seeing 
tremendous uptake by developers and customers around the world. We began accepting PlayBook application 
submissions for App World last week, and since opening the doors we already have over 1,000 new vendors registered 
in App World. We will continue to provide updates to our development tools for PlayBook in the coming months as we 
lead up to the launch of the device to provide a rich application and content library for customers. 

We recently held the BlackBerry North American CIO Summit and BlackBerry Innovation Forum where enterprise 
customers shared with RIM their ideas for improving the enterprise experience on BlackBerry smartphones, and their 
issues and concerns around enterprise mobilization. The importance of enterprise requirements, such as security, 
efficiency, and manageability, as they plan for the next wave of mobile productivity in their organizations, continues to 
be an area of focus for CIOs, especially with the opening up of their messaging architecture to access by personal 
employee smartphones. 

Many of these key customers are excited about the upcoming availability of the dual persona software for BlackBerry 
smartphones, which will offer best-in-class abilities to segregate the personal side of the device from the secure 
corporate side of the device within their existing and trusted BES infrastructure and management environment. This 
device software is currently in carrier testing and we expect to make it available in the United States early in the new 
year. CIOs understand and trust the BES security model and are pleased that security will be extended to the 
BlackBerry PlayBook. 

We are committed to ensuring that the BlackBerry PlayBook is enterprise-ready for launch by delivering on key 
customer requirements, including pairing between BlackBerry smartphones and BlackBerry PlayBook, secure 
enterprise VPN, true multitasking, document viewing and editing, and a best-in-class web browsing experience to 
ensure that the web-based line of business applications are functional right out of the box. PlayBook offers numerous 
opportunities to transform businesses and our partners are eager to explore how BlackBerry PlayBook can help 
transform their business operation and customer engagement with some customers delaying their plans to deploy other 
tablets in anticipation of the PlayBook launch. 

Over the past few quarters, RIM has added substantially to its platform and product capabilities. In the last year we 
acquired a number of companies, including Cellmania, Torch, QNX, and most recently, The Astonishing Tribe. RIM 
has become adept at integrating these acquisitions quickly into the product development cycle, as evidenced by the 
speed of integration of the Torch WebKit browser into the BlackBerry smartphone products, and the encouraging pace 
of development of PlayBook with the BlackBerry Tablet OS based on QNX. You've all likely seen the videos on 
YouTube showing the PlayBook in action. These are live demos and I think you'll agree that it's impressive what the 
RIM and QNX development teams have been able to achieve. 

The Astonishing Tribe will also be an important part of the future evolution of the look and feel of BlackBerry 
products, and the teams are already working together on future implementations. We look forward to rolling out 
products over the next year reflecting the addition of expertise from QNX and TAT to RIM's already strong software 
and UI capabilities. 

I will now turn the call over to Brian to review Q3 results. 

Brian Bidulka, Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Jim. During the third quarter RIM shipped 14.2 million devices at an ASP of approximately $315 where 50% 
of the total quarterly shipments occurred in the last month of the quarter as our partners prepared for the holiday buying 
season, and new products rolled out in markets around the world. 

Revenue in the quarter was approximately $5.5 billion with sales outside of the U.S., U.K. And Canada comprising 
approximately 44% of total revenue. Revenue in the U.S. represented approximately 34% of total revenue, the U.K. 
represented approximately 12%, and Canada represented the remainder. RIM's revenue base is increasingly diversified 


and no one country represented significantly more than 5% of the 44% of the sales outside of these three regions. 

Net subscriber account additions in Q3 were approximately 5.1 million, in line with guidance. Estimated sell-through in 
the quarter was approximately 12.3 million, including phone only sales. Channel inventory increased at the end of Q3 
both on an absolute and a week's basis due to the timing of shipments in the quarter. Channel build ahead of the strong 
sell-through with the experience we are experiencing in December, the roll-out of Torch, Bold 9780 and Curve 3G in 
markets around the world, and the increasing proportion of sales from international markets where carriers and 
distributors manage their channels with a higher number of weeks of inventory than is normal in North America. 

Based on this, we are comfortable with the inventory levels across most channels given the demand outlook and 
inventory risk is less concentrated than it typically has been in the past, given the diversification of channels across 
multiple carriers, regions and products. For example, last quarter RIM's top 3 customers represented 12%, 9% and 9% 
of revenue versus the same quarter a year ago when a single customer represented 25% with two others representing 
13% and 10%, and a single country represented 57% of revenue. 

Service revenue in Q3 was approximately $835 million, up slightly from the last quarter and ARPU was down slightly 
due to the growth in BIS and prepaid service plans. 

Software revenue was approximately $78 million in the quarter and is comprised of revenue from BlackBerry 
Enterprise Service sales and access licenses, as well as revenue from QNX lines of business. 

Gross margin in the quarter was 43.6%, slightly higher than anticipated due to product mix. Sales, marketing and 
administration expense increased 22% over the second quarter, which was slightly higher than what we expected at the 
same time – at the time of the last call due to early marketing and channel development activities from BlackBerry 
PlayBook that are now underway. 

Accounts receivable increased from 3.2 billion to $4.1 billion in Q3 and DSOs increased from 63 days to 68 days. 
These increases are primarily due to the increasing international mix of the business where payment terms tend to be 
longer, and the timing of shipments in the quarter. 

RIM's cash balance at the end of the quarter increased by $446 million to approximately $2.5 billion, after capital 
expenditures of approximately $300 million and share repurchases of approximately $133 million. RIM repurchased 
the remaining 2.9 million shares available under its currently authorized share repurchase program at an average price 
of approximately $46. This completes the maximum allowable percentage of shares outstanding that RIM is allowed to 
repurchase under its share repurchase program within a 12-month period under applicable securities laws, and the next 
window to launch a new share repurchase program to purchase up to another 10% of RIM's public float could begin in 
mid-July 2011. 

During the quarter RIM recorded a charge of approximately $17 million relating to the impairment of certain 
investments. This was comprised of approximately $11 million relating to Lehman Brothers international trust assets 
that were held at the time of the Lehman bankruptcy and $6 million relating to the continuing lack of liquidity in 
certain auction rate securities. The impact of this charge was recorded against investment income and had the impact of 
reducing reported EPS by approximately $0.03 per share. 

Fully diluted earnings per share in Q3 were $1.74. The impact of the completion of the remainder of the share 
repurchase program in the quarter was less than $0.01 per share. 

I'll now turn the call over to Edel to discuss her outlook for Q4. 

Edel Ebbs, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thanks, Brian. Before I discuss the outlook for Q4, I just want to remind everyone that the forward-looking statements 
reflect management's best current estimates and should be taken into context of the risk factors listed at the beginning 
of the call and disclosed in our public filing. 


We expect to ship between 14.5 million and 15 million units in the fourth quarter of fiscal '11 and for revenue to be in 
the range of $5.5 billion to $5.7 billion. This growth is attributable to ongoing strong shipments in December to support 
demand throughout the holiday season, new product launches of Torch, Bold 9780 and Curve 3G in markets around the 
world and ongoing strong demand for existing products, such as Curve 8520. There were no PlayBook revenues 
included in our Q4 guidance and we expect the first revenue impact from PlayBook to be in RIM's first quarter. 

We expect gross margin for the fourth quarter to be similar to Q3 levels and we continue to target gross margins in the 
low 40s as we head into fiscal '12. 

Total operating expenses are expected to increase in Q4 by approximately 6% to 7% from Q3 levels due to ongoing 
promotion of BlackBerry smartphone products, launches of new products around the world and preparation for the 
upcoming launch of the BlackBerry PlayBook. We expect R&D to increase by approximately 13% to 15% and sales, 
marketing and administration expense to increase by approximately 3%. 

While there are no revenues for PlayBook in the Q4 guidance, the OpEx guidance for both R&D and sales and 
marketing include an expectation that we will begin spending on incremental development, marketing and launch 
preparation activities this quarter. 

In the fourth quarter, we expect depreciation and amortization to be approximately $120 million and we expect CapEx 
to be approximately $300 million. We expect CapEx levels in fiscal 2012 to be similar to the levels in fiscal 2011. 
Primary areas of spending continue to be expansion in network infrastructure and facilities. 

We expect the tax rate to be approximately 27% in Q4 and slightly lower than 27% throughout fiscal '12. We expect 
Q4 EPS to be in the range of $1.74 to $1.80 per share based on a fully diluted share count of approximately 526 
million. 

I will now turn the call back to Jim. 

James L. Balsillie, Co-Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Edel. This concludes our formal comments and we'd like to open the call up for questions. Please limit 
yourself to one question per person. We plan to end the call today just before 6:00 p.m. Would the operator please 
come on to handle the questions? 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question today comes from Jim Suva of Citi. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Jim Suva>: Thank you, and congratulations to you and your team for great results and outlook. Can you talk a 
little bit about the marketing and SG&A spend? This quarter you mentioned it was up, I believe it was due to 
accelerated PlayBook expenditures in the next quarter. Is it pretty common for you to spend six months ahead of time 
in that area? Or is there more importantly something going on with the carrier subsidy market of the shifting in the way 
things go or more of a timing factor? Are you just going to focus on the SG&A and OpEx that you guys are seeing? 
Thank you. 

<A - James L. Balsillie, Co-Chief Executive Officer>: It's not six months, because we said it would be out in Q1. So, 
it's just ahead of launch. So, it's just a timing thing. 

<A - Edel Ebbs, Vice President, Investor Relations>: Yes, we've done this kind of thing before with other products 
as well and you know there are channel development activities going on. You've probably seen some of the activities 
we've been doing with developers and meet the PlayBook sessions and those kinds of things. Those are happening 
today and are expected to continue ahead of the launch. 


<Q - Jim Suva>: Sorry, I guess I meant six months from the time you gave us guidance, three months ago, of 
PlayBooks coming out in fiscal Q1. I guess I'm a little bit surprised to see the SG&A this quarter up so much, 
compared to your guidance of up 7 to 14, and I think it was up 22. 

<A - Edel Ebbs, Vice President, Investor Relations>: Yes, well I mean, it's, some of this, at the time, I mean, you 
look back, it was like three months ago, so we weren't sure exactly of the timing of how things were going to fall into 
the quarter. PlayBook is coming fairly quickly and I think that a lot of the spend, we just didn't have the visibility into 
what some of the activities were going to be at the last time we gave guidance 

<Q - Jim Suva>: Okay, that's very fair. And should we expect for QNX and BB 6 to be two operating systems? Or 
does the roadmaps merge at one point in, down the future? And thank you very much for your answers. 

<A - James L. Balsillie, Co-Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. You'll see – I mean, you're going to see BB 6 work on 
QNX. So, that we've already, we talked about BlackBerry working on the QNX environment. We haven't given any 
specific timing or commitments as to just how we're going to – what we're going to be doing in future environments. 
But obviously there's a certain set of performance capability in the PlayBooks, which are really quite remarkable and 
you'll see more at CES. And so how we plan to – and that's got really leap-frogging capabilities. So, your question is a 
fair one, when are we going put – are we going to put that kind of stuff in the smartphones. And we're just not in a 
position to make specific commitments about what we're going to do there at this time. But you'll just have to stay 
tuned. We're just not talking about our product platform roadmaps for the smartphones ahead of their launches. 

Operator 

And your next question comes from the line of Maynard Um of UBS. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Maynard Um>: Hi, thank you. I think one of the benefits of having your own OS and software is that you've got 
your own destiny in your own hands. It allows you to own the differentiation. But if you look at your R&D and sales 
and marketing over the past three years, that's been rising as a percentage of your sales and resulting in a lack of 
operating margin expansion. And in fact, margins have been declining somewhat. I'm curious if you feel like we're at 
the right levels of spend as a percentage of sales just given the competitive ecosystems that are out there, and where 
you're spending your R&D. Is it more on the hardware side? Obviously you have a pick-up in QNX and development 
there and obviously, PlayBook. And then lastly, related to that, when we should start to see more of the leverage to the 
operating line? It sounds like you're accelerating the spend. But as the PlayBook comes out, should we then anticipate 
some of the leverage to start to flow through as you have the sunk costs on the OpEx side? Thanks. 

<A - James L. Balsillie, Co-Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, I mean, at the core, there's the tremendous expansion of 
the market happening and turbulence in the ecosystem. So, I mean, everybody – just about everything you do seems to 
be turning to a packet. And it always needs a radio because you want it with you. And so the core thing is, is to be a 
leading wireless services platform with appropriate economics. And so, yes, we have real differentiation and we have 
real opportunities for extension of the business in a whole bunch of ways. I mean, just the pent-up interest in the 
PlayBook is really overwhelming. 

And then the whole aspects of carrier billing and value-added services. You're just going to see a litany of things 
happening in that area, both for the BlackBerry tablet, and the BlackBerry smartphone, BlackBerry PlayBook, and the 
BlackBerry smartphone over the year. And so I think we've really had a really good operating model. I mean, I think 
we've grown profit like 40% this year or something like that. I don't know what the exact number is. But, and also, 
we're hugely investing for the future, not only for growth in a whole bunch of markets, but growth in new categories 
and growth in value-added services. 

So I think we're laying in the pieces here to sustain really exciting growth for a long, long, long time. And I think we've 
said on the calls before, this is not a time to be penny-wise, pound-foolish when you're really grabbing position in this 
rapidly expanding space, because it's not just competition between players in the space. It's expanding to do things that 
you normally didn't used to do in mobility. And so you need these kinds of capabilities that we're putting in there that 


we get to ride for a long, long time. But business models are changing. And I think we'll have some pretty pleasant 
surprises in what we're doing throughout the calendar 2011. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Tim Long of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Tim Long>: Thank you. You talked a little about the Curve 3G being much more broadly adopted. If you could 
just talk to us a little about, was that transition maybe from 8520 to 9300 part of the positive ASP in the quarter? And 
also, related to that, could you just talk to us about how you expect, if you will, that lower end mix of your portfolio to 
shift as we look out over the next year or so? Are you expecting that the 9300 will start to take over a lot of those sales, 
and therefore, have a little bit more positive impact on your financials? Thank you. 

<A - Edel Ebbs, Vice President, Investor Relations>: Thanks, Tim. I think definitely the mix of the handsets shipped 
in the quarter was a big part of the ASPs being higher. I'd say the Torch, and the success of a lot of those launches 
internationally, and we rolled out with 75 carriers. And I think, when we talked in the last earnings call, we were 
shooting or a little over 50. That definitely had an impact. Curve 3G was a factor as well. Also, the Bold 9780. So, 
there's a number of products in there that impacted it. 

It's really hard, as we talked about the last quarter, when we talked about not guiding ASPs, it's tough to predict that 
mix every quarter. And, so that's definitely part of it. If you look at what's going to happen over time with 8520, that 
product is, there's still a lot of demand for that product in a lot of markets around the world. A lot of carriers really like 
that it attracts the entry-level smartphone user. And so I think you're still going to continue to see that product strong, 
but there's definitely a role for the 3G Curve to play there as well. It's really tough to predict what that's going to do on 
a blended basis. 

<Q - Tim Long>: Okay, if I could just follow up, would you expect the BlackBerry 6 being more broadly available on 
the product portfolio to be a positive indicator for the mix going forward? And then I'm done. Thank you. 

<A - James L. Balsillie, Co-Chief Executive Officer>: Oh, oh yes. Well I think, BB 6, I don't know if it'll change 
mix, it'll just be a plain positive for the company. I mean, because we'll be able to field upgrade units, and it'll be on, 
yes, I guess it'll only be available, you need a certain amount of memory for it to work. So, yes, it should have an 
upward nudging on mix. But boy, there's a lot of different markets, like you heard the pre-paid, and the tiering. I mean, 
really, it is nice to be able to work in these different segments, and it is nice to be so well-aligned with the carriers, but 
still have a platform extension going forward. So, probably would have an upward nudge, but that's speculative. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Kvaal of Barclays Capital. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Jeff Kvaal>: Yes. Thanks very much. I was wondering if you could discuss North America. Could you talk a 
little bit about the trajectory of net adds? I don't think you broke it out this quarter. And then secondly, what are the 
things that – I think we'd all agree that 2010 wasn't the strongest for you in North America, as much as we hoped. What 
are the things that lead you to the view that 2011 will be a bit better? Thank you. 

<A - Edel Ebbs, Vice President, Investor Relations>: Before I let Jim answer that, we don't normally break out the 
net adds, but we do talk about the base. 

<Q - Jeff Kvaal>: Yes, I'm sorry, sorry. 

<A - Edel Ebbs, Vice President, Investor Relations>: So I think it was, yes, over 48% of the subscriber base at the 
end of the quarter was international. 


<A - James L. Balsillie, Co-Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, I mean, North America is still performing very, very 
well, and at the end of the day, there's different dynamics in North America than there is around the world. But it gets 
very, very interesting with two or three things that are happening in 2011. Number one, obviously, I mean, the carriers, 
we're very close with the carriers, and there's just very strong plans that we're making with them on the product 
roadmap that really incorporate leapfrog capabilities. And also, very strong engagement on tablet strategies and lots of 
exciting, new platform extensions. 

And you know, you're going to see some very interesting things with our advertising strategies with them, the open ad 
strategies, carrier billing, the open tools, so that there's no proprietary tool environment, higher performance 
smartphones, but also tiered smartphones to be in different categories. Tablet strategies in different shapes and forms. 
So, yes, I feel, I mean, different things ebb and tide, but the space is expanding rapidly, we're selling lots, the plans are 
good. 

You know, and will the U.S. be a harbinger, a source of design around the world? Will the U.S. shift in a different 
matter, or continuous basis, or will the rest of the world bring indicators to the U.S.? It's hard to know, but the space is 
expanding rapidly, we have good products, our engagement is good. I feel very, very good about U.S. – I mean, we're 
meeting with the guys that run all the carriers. We've got plans. Our carrier partner is in place. There's a real desire to 
do a lot of things, and a lot of these things are locked in, and new things are being planned. 

But it's a very turbulent sector. The ecosystem's changing a lot, and changing fast, and business models are changing 
fast, and things can shift. But I feel great about where we're sitting for 2011 in the carriers in North America, and we've 
held our base, and we've had growth in shipments. We've had okay net adds, but we're positioned to go very, very 
strongly, and we've really knocked the cover off the ball in so many other markets around the world and yet our 
penetration in those are still very, very modest. 

And obviously with PlayBook and stuff like that, and the whole B2B transformation, as well as non-B2B, there's a lot 
of positive forces at hand. It's hard to isolate them. It's hard to put it down to sort of how are these all going to interact 
together, but we feel very, very good about the future, but it's never been busier. 

<Q - Jeff Kvaal>: Should we worry about a product lull ahead of QNX-based phones later in the year? 

<A - James L. Balsillie, Co-Chief Executive Officer>: No. If you saw the roadmap, and the launches, there's a great 
roadmap, and there's a whole series of stuff, and a lot of it is really locked in with launches and huge desire for it. So, 
the product roadmap looks great, and the application extension, B2B and B2C is so strong. I've indicated some of it. 
And then what PlayBook does in such a complementary fashion, and even picture App World on that with carrier 
billing, and the nearing for the B2B. You're going to see a lot of this stuff and some of the performance-type stuff, and 
the tooling stuff. I mean, it's going to be – you're going to see a lot of this stuff come out really over the next month. So, 
it should be very, very interesting. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Tavis McCourt of Morgan Keegan. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Tavis McCourt>: Thanks. Hey, Jim, I wonder if you could talk a little bit more about China because you've done 
so tremendously in so many emerging markets, and yet China has not been one of them historically. Obviously, the BIS 
plans with China Mobile is a huge step forward. Tell us what handsets you're launching there? How aggressive is that 
data plan versus others in the marketplace, and what kind of expectations should we have for that market? 

<A - James L. Balsillie, Co-Chief Executive Officer>: I think you should have very positive expectations for China. I 
mean, you know, there's lots of BlackBerrys in China, and not through any plan of our own, but – gray markets work 
pretty strong into China. But we're moving very strategically with China Telecom and China Mobile in having products 
for all the carriers in all the segments, and having something that is responsibly integrated there. I mean, Mike was over 
showing the progress with the TD stuff and supporting the 4G evolution. 


So and we think, and we're planning more high performance localized infrastructure, more local R&D and localized 
products, so I mean, China does well. You'd always want them to do better, but it grew fast this year. India grew real 
fast, but then Southeast Asia just did extraordinarily well. And so all you can do is just keep doing the right things and 
investing in these places and you know that the market is just so big, and what's PlayBook going to do; the interest in 
PlayBook in places like China and Japan is super-high. 

So I mean, honestly sometimes markets come faster than you expect, sometimes they come slower than you expect. 
Sometimes you put a whole lot of effort in one, and it becomes slower. Sometimes you put less effort in another, and it 
totally takes off. But I've never seen a market not take off where you just apply systemic support. So, we have a broad 
set of products, big launch with the two carriers that we've announced, consumer and small business, and large 
enterprise. We have PlayBook plans there. We have localization there. We have local infrastructure in plans for 2011, 
so – a lot of green lights and a lot of positive momentum. 

But you just keep doing more tomorrow than you did today and just let that compounding take over. And I'm pleased 
with China, but obviously I'd like more. But it's a place where you just have to keep investing to make sure that you're 
part of the local community, and the domestic requirements to be an agent for domestic success. And I mean, I travel 
there lots and every indication is that we're making solid progress there, every time I'm there. So, but a huge number of 
things going on, but nothing is discouraging me. I can't say I've hit any discouragement. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox of CLSA. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Steven Fox>: Hi, good afternoon. A couple of questions. First of all, can you talk a little bit about the roll-out 
plans for mobile payments this later next calendar year? And then secondly, on the PlayBook, you've talked about 
enterprise interest. Is there any more characterization you could put around what kind of interest you're seeing by 
corporates? What kind of roll-out volumes they're looking for? Anything that could give us a feel for potential demand? 
Thanks. 

<A - James L. Balsillie, Co-Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I mean, mobile payments. We haven't disclosed what 
we're doing specifically. I mean, you're not going out on a big limb to guess whether or not one's putting near-field in 
their products. We're close with the ISIS Group in U.S. and payments is a big, big issue in Europe. And the key is, is do 
you support different payment approaches and also, using near-field for B2B applications. And we also use secure 
elements for our manufacturing and over-the-air upgrades. So, bottom line is payment is getting a lot of attention these 
days. There's tug of wars between different players in it over the top players, carriers, banks. We constructively align 
with carriers. We aim to constructively align with banks. They have an important credentials role. The bank – the 
carrier obviously has a critical role, and we're really promoting open architectures in it. 

So, but it's an area that's super-busy and quite frankly, approaches are in flux. They're different in the U.S. than Europe 
and obviously, different in the more developing world. So, it's just a very, very busy space right now. But I don't think 
the industry structure is really finalized yet. And I think it's in the interest of the banks, and the carriers to finalize it, or 
over-the-top strategies are just going to bypass them. And we have no intention of going over the top. 

The interest in PlayBook, and the B2B is uniformly strong. And we have lots of corporations with several tens of 
thousands and some even planning and approaching 100,000 BlackBerrys. So, that part of the business is very, very 
good. And really managing the data integrity is just so important in these environments. I mean, of course, they love the 
things like Flash for things like dashboard applications for SAP and different enterprise applications that work in a 
Flash environment. So, they really like the UI, of course, and the performance that goes with it. But and people like the 
portability. It goes in a purse; it goes in a pocket and all that kind of stuff. They love the EAL support, and the POSIX 
compliance because those are standard elements. 

But I think the biggest thing they like is that they're just real nervous about vulnerability holes. And the architecture, 
the approach of step 1, the mirroring. I think that's going to be a sustained thing. We just get some very big interest 


from – I can't think of an account that isn't just beating us down to get units. So, phase one shipments is going to be 
very heavily weighted to B2B because of pent-up business demand. So, yes, it's overwhelming interest and 
overwhelming pressure to get units are a pretty fair characterization. So, we're very confident just what it's going to do 
for businesses. 

And also, it tees up some very interesting evolutions because if you've got it, if you've got, if you've still got push 
going, and you've got this secure elements of it, can you start to do some interesting things with event-driven type 
applications for workflow and dashboarding. So, the interest is very – the big thing is like really mirroring desktop, 
Flash-based corporate apps, the POSIX compliant EAL certified, they like that because it's trustable. And you can, you 
get sort of future-proofed in where it can be, but you don't have to take a step too far when you get going. 

So that's been – and I've talked to a lot of Fortune 500 CIOs – it's been uniform interest. Enterprise grade is the real, 
big, big thing. They live in a world of asymmetrical consequences where if everything works fine, then everybody pats 
themselves on the back, but if something goes wrong, often someone in IT pays a pretty severe price. And so they have 
to be keepers of the system integrity and I think we've really got that figured out in the way we've implemented it. 

<Q - Steven Fox>: Great, that's very helpful. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Gus Papageorgiou. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Gus Papageorgiou>: Thanks. Congratulations on a great quarter. Jim, just on the PlayBook, I mean, clearly it's 
going to be popular amongst corporations and enterprises, but also it has the potential of being a very powerful media 
machine for consumers. And I was just wondering when you do launch, can we expect some sort of media strategies to 
launch sequentially with the PlayBook or soon thereafter? 

<A - James L. Balsillie, Co-Chief Executive Officer>: Oh yes. Oh yes. I mean, yes. When you've got all this rich 
open tools, then it does, the open tools creates a very, very powerful way for different media and social environments to 
work with it. So, for sure, for sure. And because it's so much performance, it's got so much memory and an HDMI 
output, you can do some very interesting things, which we're going to be showing you with it. So, having that 
performance, and the ability to open established access in tools does some pretty powerful things. And so yes, we're 
pretty flooded with content and game-type and media-type partnerships and social solution-type partnerships. 

So yes, that stuff, but we're really going to try to be something that's just of a very professional grade. I think that's 
going to be really important. It'll be something that just really knocks the skin off the ball in terms of what you really 
expect these things to be. The sort of, I guess I'd say the no compromise kind of experience and I've seen all these 
elements working and demo'd here and we have to get them all finalized and done in all that. But its positioning 
capability for that addressable market that we see is really, really strong. It was really, really strong. And so the key is 
just market it right and enter it right and make sure it's quality right and let it go. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Mike Abramsky [RBC Capital Markets] Please go ahead. 

<Q - Mike Abramsky>: Yes, thanks very much. Jim, your shipments exceeded Apple's this quarter and I'm just 
wondering what you think about that, and how you feel about the ability to help regain U.S. share through your plans 
matching some of the competitor momentum while sustaining healthy gross and operating margins in ASPs? Thanks. 

<A - James L. Balsillie, Co-Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I mean, we're pleased that the business is growing fast 
and that we met and exceeded our guidance and that we see a very strong quarter to win right now. You know, I think 
those of you that follow technology, it's very dangerous to get the Excel spreadsheet out and just sort of extend certain 
trends perpetually because there's ebbs and tides. And the key thing is, is just where do you play in these sort of long 


term architectures. So, we feel great about our architecture. We told you that we're going to be really showing how this 
stuff's all coming together. I think you're seeing this come stronger and stronger together and we see the 
demonstrability of it. You realize that this is in a different class and that means something, and it means something to 
consumer media services, it means something to enterprises. 

And then what does that mean to smartphones? Well, you can dwell on that, and then you can say, and then you can 
say, well how can you layer in new kinds of services and service partnerships. And we're pretty swamped with those 
these days. So, and just the core essence of the business is still just moving along so well and growing so fast. So, if 
you layer in this tablet category, and then you layer in advanced services strategies, and then you layer in leap-frog 
future proved architectures, yes, I feel very, very good about where we are in the U.S – I feel very, very good about 
where we are around the world. 

But it's really – there's just a tremendous amount of work that you have to do, because there's so much to get done, and 
so many places around the world, and there's so much growth pressure. So, it's more work than we've ever really had. 
But do I think we're in a position to really take where we are and extend it further in a sort of sustained basis in the U.S. 
and abroad? In my view, without a doubt, without a doubt. And I think we've shown the pieces that are there and we've 
performed on the business, and so yes, without a doubt the extension in the U.S. is – and again, I think that obviously 
there are some very interesting pieces that people don't know yet and don't see yet. So, just watch the year unfold and 
watch 2011 unfold and I'm fine just letting the proof be in the deliverables. I mean, we do keep delivering and we're 
going to keep delivering. So, we're just going to keep it up. 

<Q - Mike Abramsky>: And just very quickly, last time you came to market with a lot of product simultaneously, 
Storm, new, excuse me, 3G BlackBerry, there were some stumbles and you had admitted that at that time that maybe 
you did too much too quick. You've got a lot of stuff coming in Q1 and Q2 as you are suggesting. How do you feel 
you've learned from those experiences to avoid the kinds of challenges you faced last time as you roll those out? 

<A - James L. Balsillie, Co-Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I mean, a lot of the stuff we're doing is building on the 
core of what we've got. But then there's certain new air links, there's certain new processors, there's certain new OSs. 
So, no, I think we have a really rich quality plan that's done some remarkable things in terms of the quality, and the 
returns. And this gets tracked and you get ranked quarterly by carriers and we've actually soared in our rankings in the 

U.S. in quality vendor. 
So, I think we're fine. And I think that the QNX stuff is pretty hardened, and it starts with Wi-Fi. And so no, I feel – 
when we did this stuff before, we still went through a very, very strong growth era. And there were elements of 
sustaining quality. Plus, we're now in a position where you can do OTA, over the air updates. And so that kind of quick 
cycle of upgrades like certain other players have had allows you to just quickly, ride a much, much quicker upgrade 
cycle. Arguably order of magnitude quicker upgrade cycle because a lot of times you've solved issues, and they're 
known issues, they're solved. But the issue is just diffusing those solutions in the market and that's something that is an 
entirely different set of circumstances now than before. 

<Q - Mike Abramsky>: Thanks, Jim. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Kulbinder Garcha of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Kulbinder Garcha>: Thank you. I have a question just on channel build in inventory. So, I think the difference 
you said between sell-in and sell-through was 1.9 million units, which is at the higher end in absolute terms certainly 
and as a percentage of your volume if you go back over history. So, I'm wondering why that wouldn't be a headwind 
into February? Could you just clarify that point as that could be one concern for investors going forward? Thanks. 

<A - Edel Ebbs, Vice President, Investor Relations>: Sure, Kulbinder. I mean, I think we tried to address it a little 
bit in the prepared remarks. But I mean, we had a quarter where the way that our quarters fall, it really bridges sort of 
the selling for the holiday season. So, we had a lot of shipments happen in the very late part of the quarter as channel 


build was happening for the holidays, but we haven't had a chance yet to see the sell-through for that in the numbers 
that we reported just because of the way the quarter-ends. So, that is definitely a big part of it. And then we also have a 
lot of launch happening, and we talked about 75 carriers launching Torch and 100, and whatever launching Curve 3G, 
and there were other launches in there like Sprint with Style. So, a lot of that also was happening near the end of the 
quarter. And some of that channel fill just hasn't had a chance to flow through yet and show up in the sell-through 
numbers. 

<Q - Kulbinder Garcha>: Okay, but basically the sell-through had the strength that you had. I think you said half of 
volume was in the last month. That run rate or level of spend in terms of sell-through has continued into the early part 
of this quarter as well, just to be clear? 

<A - Edel Ebbs, Vice President, Investor Relations>: Yes, I think, I mean, if anything it's actually improved in the 
early part of this quarter. 

<Q - Kulbinder Garcha>: Okay, great, thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Rod Hall of JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Rod Hall>: Yes, thanks for taking my question. I've got a couple, but I guess the biggest question I've got for you 
guys is no matter what you do it seems like the shares just don't react. Nobody wants to – in the short-term, you're 
performing. Last quarter you delivered great numbers, good guidance. This quarter, same thing again. And we look at 
the after-hours trading, the shares only up a couple percent. Maybe they'll trade up tomorrow, But what do you – I think 
what you need to do to get people to believe that RIM has a future is to somehow get out ahead of what's going on out 
there in the market. And so I wonder, Jim, if you could talk a little bit about next steps. 

So the PlayBook is kind of a tablet device, kind of me-too device because there are already products out there. You're 
playing catch-up a little bit on the touch interface. We see Apple and Google now headed for the connected home, both 
of them going for TV plays and other things in the home so you can push this content around the house. I wonder if you 
could comment a little bit about what you're thinking there and other ways that you could extend the platform. Maybe 
start getting people focused a little bit further out than just the next quarter. And then I've got one other question behind 
that one. 

<A - James L. Balsillie, Co-Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I mean, I think the PlayBook redefines what a tablet 
should do. I think we've articulated some elements of it. And I think this idea of a proprietary SDK and unnecessary 
apps, though there's a huge role for apps, I think it's going to shift in the market. And I think it's going to shift very, 
very quickly. And I think there's going to be a strong appetite for web fidelity and tool familiarity. And I think there's 
going to be a rapid desire for high performance and I think we're way ahead of it. And I think CIO friendliness, we're 
way ahead on that. 

Now how do you align or go over the top on carriers and content providers? Well, we have different strategies and 
that's fine, and there may be room for more than one model, who knows. And it's a very dynamic market. But there's 
enormous growth and shifts happening around the world. And so how many fronts people want to see us in contention, 
I mean, that's a question you can ask. Do you want to go over the top on banks? Do you want to go over the top on 
content? Do you want to go over the top on carriers? Do you want to go over the top on video content providers? I 
mean, who knows? I mean, what part of it's good strategy, and what part of it's a bridge too far? I mean, who knows? 

But the truth of it is, you really want a lot of it on your smartphone. And you really want a lot of it we believe on a 
tablet. And we feel – and how you do fit – how you fit with your content providers who are really changing their 
strategies for mobility because they want a sustained model. Carriers are aggressively trying to change their models. 
Banks are getting involved. So, I think the PlayBook clearly sets the bar way higher on performance. And you're going 
to see more. I think the enterprise stuff, we're seriously extending. I think the BlackBerry's still number one in social 
collaboration. And I think with the PlayBook and that environment, we're going to set the new standard on performance 


and tools, very powerful tools. So, and we're growing very, very fast. So, that's a lot. 

Connected home. I think there's ways to seamlessly extend what's going on in the home and even feel a lot of how 
we're doing that, rather than going over the top. But it may be a prerogative. But you're going into some pretty serious 
plays when you go in the connected home too hard and it's also you have to pay attention to the fact that, what's the role 
of the satellite company or the cable company in that, who gets fed, selling – do the content vendors get fed in through 
them? So, but it – and then also, how do you insert ads very well with these content vendors? So there's a lot of moving 
parts. 

But I think we're just well ahead on the PlayBook, well ahead internationally, and extending very, very well. And so 
people can have their views on sentiment, but when is it a good entry strategy, and when is it a bridge too far, who 
knows. We have a turbulent ecosystem right now. And is it how do you work with banks, how do your work with 
carriers, how do you work with content, how do you work with enterprise ecosystems? And I think these business 
models are highly shifting, and when people think that there's just a straight ahead shot for everybody, and it's all just 
predictably extended the way it's going now, I think that's a highly questionable assumption. These business models are 
highly in flux. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the question-and-answer session today. Ms. Ebbs, please continue. 

Edel Ebbs, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thank you. I'd like to remind everyone that there's a posting service available at 416-640-1917, passcode 4310313# or 
you can listen to the call that's been recorded and is available in the Investor Relations section of our website at 
rim.com/investors. Thanks, and I'd like to wish everybody a happy holidays. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


