Q2 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Derrick Vializ, Vice President, Investor Relations 
• Robert E. Beauchamp, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
• Stephen B. Solcher, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President 
Other Participants 

• Walter Pritchard 
• Matt Hedberg 
• Derek Bingham 
• Kevin Buttigieg 
• Israel Hernandez 
• Michael Turits 
• Yun Kim 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, everyone and welcome to today's BMC Software Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2011 Earnings Results 
Conference Call. Today's program is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks, I'd like to turn things over to 
Mr. Derrick Vializ. Please go ahead, Derrick. 

Derrick Vializ, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Good afternoon everyone. I'm Derrick Vializ, Vice President of Investor Relations and I would like to thank you for 
joining us today. During our call, Bob Beauchamp, our Chairman and CEO, will provide an overview of the second 
quarter performance of our company and business units and update you on recent initiatives. After that, Steve Solcher, 
our CFO, will provide additional financial and operational details. Bob will then provide an update on our expectations 
for fiscal 2011 before we open the call to questions. 

These prepared comments were previously recorded. This call is being webcast and a complete record of the call will 
be made and posted to our website. In addition to today's earnings press release, we have posted a presentation, which 
we will refer to at various times during the call. Both of these documents are available on our Investor Relations 
website at investors.bmc.com. 

Before we continue, I would like to remind you that statements in this discussion including statements made during the 
question-and-answer session regarding BMC's future financial and operational results, the development of and demand 
for BMC's products, BMC's operating strategies, acquisitions and other statements that are not statements of historical 
fact are considered forward-looking statements. 

These statements are subject to numerous important factors, risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to 
differ from the results implied by these or any other forward-looking statements. Cautionary statements relative to these 
forward-looking statements and BMC's operating results are described in today's earnings press release and in our 
annual report on form 10-K. All of these documents are available on our website. These forward-looking statements are 


made as of today, based on certain expectations, and we undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking 
statements. 

I would also like to point out that the Company's use of non-GAAP financial measures is explained in today's earnings 
press release, and a full reconciliation between non-GAAP measures and the corresponding GAAP measure is provided 
in the tables accompanying the press release and in our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations found on our website at 
investors.bmc.com. 

At this time, I'll turn the call over to Bob. 

Robert E. Beauchamp, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Derrick. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us on today's call. BMC performed very well during the 
second quarter and we're seeing strength across many areas of our business. A few highlights for the quarter. 

Total bookings grew 5% to 453 million. License bookings grew 23% to 221 million. Revenue was up 9% to 502 
million. Cash flow from operations increased 36% to 127 million. Non-GAAP diluted EPS increased 24% to $0.82 per 
share and our balance sheet remains strong with approximately $1.5 billion in cash and investments and 1.8 billion in 
deferred revenue. That's a snapshot of our overall financial performance. 

Let me turn next to provide a brief overview of our ESM and MSM business units' performance during the second 
quarter. Our ESM business had another strong quarter with robust year-over-year growth in ESM booking across most 
geographic areas and all product disciplines. 

ESM license bookings increased 32% from the year ago quarter. We had 31 ESM transactions over $1 million in 
license bookings, up over 50% from a year ago. Over half of these largest transactions were multi-disciplined licensed 
transactions. Major ESM wins during the second quarter included Adobe, Hospital Corporation of America, Carus 
Corporation, and Swisscom IT Services. 

We're also encouraged to see continued strong growth in our mid size transactions. The number of ESM licensed 
transactions between 500,000 and $1 million increased by 22% compared to last year. This is the fifth straight quarter 
in which we've seen deals in this range grow by double-digits. 

Looking at our mainframe business, MSM bookings on a trailing 12-month basis were up 2%. MSM bookings on a 
trailing 12-month basis after normalizing for contract length were up 3%. 

During the first half of the year, capacity upgrade volume was slightly below its usual pace. We may have been 
affected in the first half by customer anticipation of IBM's new zEnterprise mainframes, which began shipping in 
September. We expect availability of this powerful platform certainly to help our performance as we enter the second 
half of the year. We hope to capture this momentum and any pent-up demand. As you may know; we announced our 
support for the new IBM system last quarter. 

During the quarter, we added 18 new customers to the MSM install base and expanded our relationship with 58 existing 
customers by adding new products to their portfolios. Some wins include the Internal Revenue Service, Korea 
Exchange Bank, sanofi aventis, Thomson Reuters and the United States Postal Service. That provides an overview of 
our financial and business unit performance during the quarter. 

I also want to highlight a few of the key trends that are driving our results. One of the major factors is customer 
adoption of cloud computing. There is no question that the interest around cloud computing is very high. The fact is 
cloud computing is real, it's here and it's a very attractive proposition for enterprises today. That's because it can help 
them be more agile and flexible in managing and growing their businesses with reduced costs and improved efficiency. 
It does so by enabling IT departments to provide and deliver services and to quickly scale those services with more 
automation and without worrying about adding more to their IT infrastructures. 


While customers are excited about the benefits of cloud computing, they are not about to get rid of the investments 
they've already made. They need a practical solution that extends and builds upon their existing infrastructures, IT 
processes and service offerings. That's where we come in. We help enterprises and service providers more effectively 
plan, build, and manage cloud computing as an integral part of their IT infrastructure. 

Unlike other key technology trends where IT management lags market development, our cloud solutions are one of the 
drivers of this trend. That's important because both cloud computing and virtualization are complex and can drive up 
operating costs even as they drive down capital expenditures. A case in point is BMC's Cloud Life Cycle Management, 
our single integrated solution that allows service providers and enterprise IT customers to deliver superior services 
through public, private, and hybrid clouds. BMC cloud life cycle management helps customers establish their cloud 
environment by providing a catalog that presents service offerings, a self service portal for procuring resources, a 
comprehensive provisioning engine to dynamically build the cloud and management capabilities to control the cloud. 

Unlike products from other IT vendors, our solutions managed the broadest range of computing, storage, network, 
virtualization and software solutions, automatically provisioning the full stack of cloud services is not just for one 
technology. We offer a truly vendor neutral platform. This commitment to heterogeneity combined with our BSM best 
practices is a very attractive value proposition for customers migrating to the cloud. 

BMC's cloud strategy allows customers to achieve the benefits of cloud computing without introducing new silos, 
disrupting IT operations, or forcing a vendor lock-in for hardware, services or the virtualization platform itself. 

During the second quarter, we won a total of 14 cloud deals, including CGI and Adobe, which was our first joint cloud 
win with Dell. Once more, we have a long list of cloud related opportunities that positions us well for the second half. 

In addition to winning new business from customers, we're also winning mind share among industry thought leaders 
regarding cloud management. A recent Forrester report entitled, "You're Not Ready for Internal Cloud," makes this 
clear. The report states, "BMC's solutions are cloud ready today." 

We've standardized management on the most commonly repeated operating procedures, we fully automated 
deployment and we're providing self-service access for cloud users. We think there is a significant potential for us in 
cloud management and we're continuing to invest in our capabilities both through internal development and 
acquisitions. 

During the quarter we announced BMC's Control-M 7, a new version of the industry leading solution that automates 
the management of dynamic and static workloads across applications, as well as physical, virtual and cloud platforms. 
It includes dynamic workload management, a capability that automatically maps workloads to IT priorities using 
policies that react to real time business needs. 

In addition, BMC's Control-M 7 helps harness cloud environments, providing the elasticity needed to cost effectively 
support fluctuating workloads. In October, BMC acquired the software business of Neptuny, a leading provider of 
capacity management in IT performance optimization solutions. 

The addition of Neptuny's technology extends BMC's existing leadership in capacity management and enhances BMC's 
dynamic BSM portfolio in cloud management offerings. With Neptuny, our capacity management solutions allow our 
customers to correlate changes in business requirements with changes in their IT infrastructure. 

As customers anticipate business changes, they can test scenarios for optimizing their infrastructure and make those 
changes, allocating capacity across physical to physical, physical to virtual, virtual to virtual, virtual to cloud and cloud 
to cloud environments, essentially every combination of physical, virtual and cloud resources to simultaneously 
improve their service levels and reduce capital expenditures. Our cloud strategy and solutions underscore the leadership 
and vision we are bringing across the board in helping enterprises improve how they manage IT. 

This is also demonstrated by the recognition we continue to win among industry analysts. Gartner's recent report 
entitled "BMC Software IT Operations Management: Vision, Strategy, Strengths and Challenges" evaluates BMC's 
enterprise IT management product offerings and BMC's strategic position in the global marketplace. In its report, 
Gartner concluded that BMC has a consistent, strong BSM vision that simultaneously addresses the need for IT 


alignment and efficiency. 

In addition to our cloud offerings, I would like to provide some perspective on three other initiatives that are driving 
our leadership in BSM; our ITSM offerings, our software-as-a-service solutions and Cisco's UCS. 

First, ITSM. The new era of IT service management is about having a full menu of flexible options to meet the needs of 
the enterprise, whether large or small, expanding or contracting, on-premise or on-demand, physical or virtual. To 
address these needs, we launched product enhancements during the quarter that enabled greater flexibility in choice for 
our customers when it comes to tailoring an ITSM option for their particular situation. These enhancements offer 
standardized processes, such as embedded ITIL-based best practices, full platform integration and enhanced web 
reporting. 

One of the ways we are working to broaden and leverage our ITSM leadership is through our SaaS offerings. These 
solutions which include a full suite remedy on-demand and a streamlined powerful ServiceDesk on Force.com are 
beginning to gain serious traction. Though they are still in a relatively early stage, we like what we see. We're very 
encouraged that we've had 18 wins for our SaaS offerings in the quarter and expect demand for these solutions to 
further ramp up in the second half. We took steps to further enhance our SaaS offerings by integrating Salesforce.com's 
Chatter 2 environment into the ServiceDesk on Force.com solutions. It enables collaboration and mobility across the IT 
department, resulting in higher productivity. 

Let me move next to discuss Cisco and their UCS solution. As you know, BMC's management tools help to provision, 
configure and manage Cisco's unified computing system. We're now beginning to see some enterprise deployments and 
are happy to report to you on a couple of the larger deals that closed this quarter. The Department of Defense's Defense 
Media Activity selected a comprehensive solution incorporating BMC, Cisco, and VMware Technologies for the 
consolidated data center. 

The win comes to us through Force 3, a trusted provider in federal security, unified communications and data center 
solutions. In addition, we recently announced a win with Monsanto Company, a leading global provider of agriculture 
products, who selected BMC for a large scale BSM deployment to reduce system down time by improving the way IT 
manages changes to the network. The company is working with BMC and the Cisco UCS system to achieve its goal of 
70% server virtualization. 

So to summarize the second quarter of fiscal 2011, we had another strong quarter of business and financial 
performance. This solid performance was driven by our leadership in providing solutions that customers need, whether 
it's managing the data center, improving IT operations, utilizing a SaaS solution for IT service management, or 
implementing virtualization in cloud computing. Based on our performance so far and our expectations for the next two 
quarters, we will raise our full year expectation for fiscal 2011. I'll talk more about our current outlook for fiscal '11 
later in the call. 

But first, Steve Solcher will provide more insight into our financial results. Steve? 

Stephen B. Solcher, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President 

Thank you, Bob and good afternoon to everyone. I'm very pleased with our company's business and financial results in 
the second quarter and in the first half of fiscal 2011. We generated solid broad-based top line growth in a seasonally 
tough quarter. We're investing in those areas of our business was strong growth potential while remaining disciplined 
with regards to our expense structure, resulting in strong growth in earnings and cash-flow from operations. 

Giver our strong first half performance and outlook for the remainder of the year, our full year expectations have 
improved. A key driver of this strong first half performance is bookings growth, in particular, ESM license bookings 
growth which has been strong both geographically, as well as across all product disciplines. 

This quarter, for example, was the second quarter in a row in which license bookings in each ESM product discipline 
grew by double-digit percentages. We remain focused on accelerating top line growth and converting those incremental 


bookings in revenues into increased earnings and cash-flow. 

Non-GAAP net earnings and cash-flow operations grew by 12% and 18% respectively in the first half. Our 
performance is indicative of the operating leverage we have in our business, which should enable us to drive further 
improvement in operating income and margin in the second half of this fiscal year, while at the same time enabling us 
to increase our investment in future growth initiatives. This broad-based growth, coupled with our operating leverage, 
is providing us the opportunity to plan for sound and consistent growth, both short- and long-term. With that, let me 
turn to our results for operating income and EPS. 

In the second quarter, non-GAAP operating income increased by 9%, to 191 million from 175 million in the second 
quarter of last year. Non-GAAP operating margin remained flat at 38%. For the first half of fiscal 2011, non-GAAP 
operating income increased 8%, from 323 million to 348 million. Non-GAAP operating margin for the first half was 
36%, up one percentage point. 

Please refer to slide five for highlights of our ESM and MSM business unit operating results. ESM's non-GAAP 
operating income for the second quarter increased 9% to 76 million. ESM's operating margin was 25%, a slight 
decrease compared to the year-ago quarter, largely due to a year-over-year decline in net capitalized software 
development cost. 

For the first half, ESM's non-GAAP operating income increased 26% and ESM's operating margin was up 3 percentage 
points to 24%. We expect continued year-over-year improvements in ESM's profitability in the second half of the fiscal 
year. 

MSM's non-GAAP operating income in the second quarter increased by 10% to 115 million. MSM's non-GAAP 
operating margin was 60%, up 4 percentage points compared to the year ago quarter. Non-GAAP net earnings for the 
second quarter were 148 million, an increase of 20% from the second quarter of fiscal 2010. Non-GAAP diluted EPS 
for the quarter was $0.82, up 24% from the year ago quarter. This reflects a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 23% for 
the quarter. For the first half, non-GAAP net earnings increased 12% to 262 million and non-GAAP diluted EPS 
increased 15% to $1.44. 

GAAP operating income in the second quarter of fiscal 2011 was 144 million, compared to 135 million in the year ago 
quarter. GAAP net earnings and diluted EPS were 132 million and $0.73 compared to 94 million and $0.50 in the 
second quarter of fiscal 2010. These results reflect diluted shares outstanding in the second quarter of 181 million, 
compared to 187 million in the year ago quarter. 

Turning now to bookings, in the second quarter total bookings of 453 million were up 5% on both a reported and 
constant currency basis compared to the year ago quarter. Total bookings for the first half were up 9% to 896 million. 
Total license bookings for the quarter increased 23% year-over-year, on both a reported and constant currency basis, to 
221 million. For the first half, license bookings rose 24% to 356 million. Total bookings on a trailing 12-month basis 
were 2 billion, up 11% compared to the year ago quarter. 

The weighted average contract length for total bookings on a trailing 12-month basis was 2.18 years up from 2.09 years 
in the year ago quarter. After normalizing for contract length, trailing 12-month annualized bookings for the second 
quarter were 928 million, up 7% from the year ago quarter and up 2 percentage points from the first quarter. Please see 
slide seven in our presentation. 

Now let me turn to the bookings performance of each of our business units. For our ESM business unit, license 
bookings are the best measure of performance. We generated strong growth in our ESM business. With ESM license 
bookings at 144 million in the second quarter, up 32% from the year ago quarter. 

For the first half of fiscal 2011, ESM license bookings were up 35% to 246 million. I'm pleased to highlight the strong 
performance we're seeing in the U.S. in our ESM business and the broad-based double-digit growth across all ESM 
product disciplines. 

Turning to the MSM business unit. We believe MSM is best evaluated on the basis of total and annualized bookings 
over the trailing 12 months. In the second quarter, total MSM bookings on a trailing 12-month basis increased 2% to 


754 million and had an average contract length of 2.93 years. After normalizing for contract length, total annualized 
MSM bookings for the trailing 12 months were 257 million, up 3% from 249 million in the year-ago quarter. We 
expect total MSM bookings to be up in the low single digits for the full fiscal year. 

Turning to revenue, total revenue for the quarter was 502 million, up 9% on both a reported and constant currency basis 
from 462 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2010. ESM's total revenue was up 13% to 309 million and MSM's total 
revenue was up 3% to 193 million. License revenue in the second quarter was 208 million, an increase of 20% from the 
year-ago quarter. ESM license revenue was 131 million, up 24% from the year ago quarter. MSM license revenue 
increased by 13% to 77 million. During the second quarter, the percentage of license bookings that was deferred was 
49%, down from 56% in the year-ago quarter. 

For the second quarter, maintenance revenue was 253 million, a decrease of 2% from the year-ago quarter and 
relatively flat compared to the first quarter. The slight decline in maintenance revenue during the second quarter is 
largely due to the lagging impact of license bookings only growing 1% in fiscal 2010. 

The additional maintenance revenue related to these new license bookings was not enough to offset the decline from 
our normal level of renewals. Our maintenance renewal rates and attach rates in both our MSM and ESM businesses 
have been relatively stable over the past several years. Given our strong license bookings performance in the first half 
of fiscal 2011, we expect gradual sequential improvements in maintenance revenue in the second half of fiscal 2011. 
ESM maintenance revenue was 136, million down 1% compared to the year ago quarter. MSM maintenance revenue 
was 116 million, down 3% from the second quarter of fiscal 2010. 

For the first half of fiscal 2011, maintenance revenue for both units was roughly flat compared to the year ago period. 
During the second quarter we continued to see improvements in our professional services organization. Professional 
services revenue, which is included in the ESM business unit, increased by 37% to 42 million from the year ago 
quarter. Our professional services business was profitable in the second quarter with a non-GAAP operating margin of 
3 million compared to a slight loss a year ago. 

Moving next to operating expenses. During the second quarter, non-GAAP operating expenses were 311 million up 8% 
from 287 million in the year ago quarter. This increase reflects the focused investments we made in ESMs sales, R&D 
and professional services organizations. Looking at our business units, ESM's non-GAAP operating expenses were 233 
million, an increase of 14% compared to the year ago quarter. MSM's non-GAAP operating expenses were 78 million, 
down 6% from the year ago quarter. Other income in the second quarter was slightly positive compared to a 2 million 
loss a year ago. 

Turning to the balance sheet. Total deferred license revenue at the end of the second quarter was 601 million, up 13 
million sequentially from 588 million. During the second quarter we deferred 107 million of license revenue, or 49% of 
license bookings and recognized 96 million of deferred license revenue from the balance sheet. 

Given normal seasonality, total deferred revenue decreased by 50 million sequentially to 1.8 billion. The current 
portion of deferred revenue now stands at 54% of total deferred revenue. Software development costs on the balance 
sheet were 171 million, as we capitalized 29 million and amortized 18 million during the quarter. Capitalized software 
development costs declined 3 million sequentially compared to the first quarter and we expect continued declines for 
the remainder of the fiscal year. 

Cash and investments at the end of the quarter total 1.5 billion, up 50 million from the previous quarter. Our net cash 
position is 1.2 billion. For the quarter, cash flow from operations was 127 million, up 36% from 93 million in the year 
ago quarter. For the first half of fiscal 2011 cash flow from operations increased by 18% to 295 million. 

During the quarter we remained committed to share repurchases. We repurchased 2 million shares for a total of 75 
million. At the end of the second quarter we had 846 million remaining in our current share repurchase program. 

So let me briefly sum up the quarter. BMC's strong top and bottom line performance across our key financial metrics in 
the second quarter and the first half positions us well as we enter the second half. We are generating broad-based 
growth across our business and our cost discipline and operating leverage positions us well for continued improvement 


in our operating margins and operating income, while at the same time enabling us to increase our investment in our 
future growth initiatives. 

Our solid results in the first half and our outlook for the remainder of the year puts us on track to exceed our 
previously-stated financial goals for the year. It is also providing us the opportunity to plan for sound and consistent 
growth, both short and long term. 

With that, I'll turn the call back over to Bob to discuss our revised expectations for the year and for his concluding 
remarks. 

Robert E. Beauchamp, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Steve. As I mentioned, given our financial results in the first half of the year and our expectations for the next 
two quarters, we are raising our expectations for fiscal 2011. We now expect non-GAAP diluted earnings per share in 
the range of $2.92 to $3.02. At the midpoint this would represent a 12% increase over last year compared to the 9% 
increase in our original guidance. 

Our non-GAAP diluted EPS estimate excludes an estimated range of $0.58 to $0.63 per diluted share for non-GAAP 
adjustments, including share-based compensation, the amortization of intangible assets, severance, exit costs and 
related charges as well as the related tax impacts of these items and certain discrete tax items. The assumptions 
underlying this full year fiscal 2011 estimate include, bookings growth in the mid to high single digits, compared to our 
original expectation of mid single digits bookings growth. ESM license bookings growth in the high teens. Total 
revenue growth in the mid single digits. At current rates we do not expect currency to materially impact full year 
bookings or revenue growth rates. 

Continued improvements in non-GAAP operating margin, a license bookings ratable rate in the low 50% range, other 
income estimated to be $10 million lower than a year ago, reflecting current market conditions. Weighted shares 
outstanding slightly down compared to the prior year and a non-GAAP tax rate of 25%. We now expect full year fiscal 
2011 cash flows from operations to be between 675 million and 725 million compared to our original expectation of 
660 to 710 million. 

At the midpoint this would represent a 10% increase over last year. We also now expect by the third quarter to achieve 
close to 60% of our fiscal year cash flow from operations goal, which is higher than the 52% achieved to the third 
quarter of fiscal 2010. We will provide more detailed overview of the company strategy, financial performance and 
business initiatives at our Investor Day Conference on December the 14th in New York City. We hope to see you all 
there. 

With that we will now turn the call over to questions. Operator? 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Walter Pritchard with Citi. 

<Q - Walter Pritchard>: Hi, guys. Wondering if you could just – on the ESM side of the business, I know one thing 
coming into the year that you were looking forward to was you had put all the sales capacity in place and you were 
hoping to drive some productivity out of that, which it looks like, just based on the numbers, is coming through. But 
I'm wondering if you could at all quantify for us sort of what you've seen in that end and what your expectations are as 
we look into the second half of the year? 

<A - Robert E. Beauchamp, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, sure. So we're on track with that. In 
fact, we're a little ahead of plan. Through the first half, sales productivity is up 24%. We're probably still coming in 


close to around 20 is where we're still – was our original goal. So in terms of productive head count, we're on plan. In 
terms of attrition, it's down significantly from year ago and basically in line with our plan. 

<A - Stephen B. Solcher, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President>: Hey, Walter, real quick. When Bob 
said that, he's talking about capacity is up 24%. Productivity, actually, for the first half is up roughly around 9%. 

<A - Robert E. Beauchamp, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. 

<A - Stephen B. Solcher, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President>: So we have actually both levers for 
us are working positively. So we have more feet on the street and then what we're getting out of each productive rep is 
higher. 

<Q - Walter Pritchard>: Got it. And then, Steve, it looks like you guys did capitalize more than you released out of 
cap R&D and I guess the question is – I think you had some major ESM product releases and we may be expected to 
see sort of the reverse there. I'm wondering what the impact was in the product releases on that line and what should we 
expect going forward? 

<A - Stephen B. Solcher, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President>: We did. And last quarter I signaled 
that we had some major releases, especially on the ESM side. So every product discipline had a major release in the 
September quarter and maybe even into the October period of time. So we had a higher capitalization and as I said in 
the prepared remarks, we sequentially were down roughly 3 million. I would expect every quarter going forward to be 
down sequentially on capitalization which gives us more of what I would say an expense impact in the latter half. 

<Q - Walter Pritchard>: Got it. Makes sense. Thanks a lot, guys. 

<A - Robert E. Beauchamp, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. 

<A - Robert E. Beauchamp, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. 

Operator 

We'll hear next from Matt Hedberg with RBC. 

<Q - Matt Hedberg>: Thank you, and guys congratulations on a great quarter. Very impressive results, especially the 
ESM business showing great strength, license booking up, I believe 32%. I guess, Bob, at a high level, as you speak 
with clients and really as they are trying to decide between bigger stack providers and heterogeneous vendors like 
yourself, what's their feedback been at this point? Why are you winning and how much of it is BMC specific versus 
just an overall better environment right now? 

<A - Robert E. Beauchamp, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. You know I haven't had to have – as 
you know, Matt, I make a lot of customer visits, a lot of sales calls in the briefing center. I have not yet participated in a 
single conversation with a customer who is enamored with buying a full stack from a single vendor that is going to give 
them hardware, software, services and management, whether that's from the virtual machine side or whether that is 
from kind of the large mega vendors. What they really want is the ability to have flexibility to be able to bring online 
physical, virtual environments, to bring on HP hardware or IBM or Oracle software, SAP software and writing 
applications and have a single management platform. So the single management platform story is really all we run into. 
It is what we compete against, but it's where we're winning because we have the best products and the best story and 
we're farthest along in that strategy. 

<Q - Matt Hedberg>: That's great. And then I guess on the cross-sell opportunity out of your top say 2,000 customers. 
Can you give us an update on how penetrated you are within that base in terms of customers buying the entire stack and 
essentially, looking forward several years, how far can that go? How deeply penetrated can you get? 

<A - Robert E. Beauchamp, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I think that there's a couple of ways to 
look at it. One is that most of the largest customers, particularly the service providers and the global outsourcers and 


systems integrators are developing new cloud environments because they want to deploy new offerings. They have new 
revenue engines they're trying to develop around a self-service cloud for application stacks that they want to offer. And 
that's almost virgin territory for us. We're able to go into those. And there is some massive build out; you've probably 
read stories about some of the huge investments that some of the service providers are making in data centers. 

And we're talking to different people even there. In one case we're talking to the Chief Marketing Officer of a Fortune 
10 Company who is a telco that's moving in that direction. So I think there's lots of room around cloud. I think that our 
success across our product lines this quarter – I really think we're still just scratching the surface in terms of most of the 
product sets. Even Remedy which is arguably one of our most widely adopted products, we saw a 27% growth in the 
service support business, which includes Atrium and Remedy, in the first half in license bookings. And the pipeline is 
building very nicely. There's still plenty of opportunity to grow that business. 

Automation is really still nascent even though we are growing that business much faster than support. We're growing 
that business almost 50% in the first half of the year. We're still just scratching the surface there and the use cases are 
still very early use cases. So lots of – by the way, I'll just go ahead and complete the puzzle, Assurance. So those of you 
who followed us for years, you know the Patrol business, and we told you how that business was going to be 
reinvigorated with things like Proactive Net, etcetera. That business is up 45% license bookings in the first half. And so 
there's plenty of room to grow this. I'm not worried about hitting our head on the market saturation. 

<Q - Matt Hedberg>: That's great. And one more for Steve. Obviously, nice to see the full year guidance going 
higher. What are your expectations at this point for a December budget flush? And how do your close rate assumptions 
look on a over-year-over year basis? Thanks. 

<A - Stephen B. Solcher, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President>: I'm not sure I'm the right one to ask 
so I'm going to look to Bob to answer. 

<A - Robert E. Beauchamp, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Sorry, the question was on budget flush? 

<Q - Stephen B. Solcher, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President>: Yeah, just at the end of the year. just 
quickly, I don't think there's anything unusual, that we're expecting either more budget flush or less budget flush from 
last year. But I'm not close enough to what the customers are saying every day. 

<A - Stephen B. Solcher, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President>: Yeah, I would guess – having done 
this for a while, that with the economy the way it is, we'll probably look at a little less of kind of that year end budget 
flush, because my guess is the CFO's are still going to be fairly cautious about, if you've got extra money, don't just go 
spend it, give it back to me. So I don't think it will be like it was in the hey-days before this economic environment that 
we're in now. 

But to the same point, we'll definitely have some. We'll definitely have some transactions that aren't even in the 
forecast that will come in at the end of the year. That always happens and I'm sure it will happen again. It will probably 
be more muted than in the best of times. And therefore, we're probably looking at Q4 being a little better than Q3 in 
terms of that. 

<Q - Matt Hedberg>: Great color. Congratulations again, guys. 

<A - Robert E. Beauchamp, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Derek Bingham with Goldman Sachs has our next question. 

<Q - Derek Bingham>: Hi, gentlemen. A question first – just trying to drill down a little bit on the MSM bookings. 
Just wanted to make sure I was clear. It sounded like you had a really big distributor bookings quarter, relative to your 
expectations. How did you feel about how the MSM bookings came in relative to what you were expecting? 


<A - Robert E. Beauchamp, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: It was a little less than we had wanted, but at 
the same point it's also very much in line with pattern recognition of lumpiness. We saw this business – it's also what 
we've seen out there with some of the other people who play in the mainframe space with the zSeries platform shipping 
and with that and the economy being the way it is, I think we saw a – it was a little less capacity upgrades than its usual 
pace. But I think those are both tied to – what I just said, tied to the fact there's a new box that just started shipping in 
September, tied to the fact the economy is tight and nobody is going to overbuy. 

So any weakness we saw was really around capacity upgrades, not about losing business, not about price atrophy. It 
was about that and also a little bit on – we've got a very aggressive effort to do competitive replacements and new 
product sales and that grew very nicely but it's still a little behind where we wanted it to be. But other than that, it was 
basically in line with what we thought it will be. And we expect the lumpiness to return to the positive in the second 
half. 

<A - Stephen B. Solcher, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President>: Yes, Derek, our biggest quarters last 
year for MSM were Q2 and Q3. In Q2 MSM grew by 29% and in Q3 it grew by 41%. So a little bit of it is a tough 
compare and that's why we're – when we get the outside to start thinking about our business, we get you to think about 
it on a TTM basis. 

<Q - Derek Bingham>: On the kind of mid to high single-digit guidance outlook for bookings, could you update us on 
kind of roughly how that stacks out between MSM and distributed? 

<A - Stephen B. Solcher, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President>: Yeah, what I've said in my prepared 
remarks was is that MSM was going to be in the low single digits and you can back in to what the ESM side would be 
with that color. 

<Q - Derek Bingham>: Sorry, I missed that. Just one more, if I could, on the maintenance that you talked about in 
terms of kind of the lag effect from what was happening with your license bookings last year, your license growth has 
kind of reaccelerated – over the last four quarters has been pretty good growth. When do you think that starts flowing 
through and the maintenance line should start to kind of pick up? 

<A - Stephen B. Solcher, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President>: Well, my estimate now is December 
you should see sequential improvement as well as the March quarter. So the next two quarters we should continue to 
see sequential and I expect into all of fiscal '12 you would see that same pick up. Again, some of the license bookings 
even this quarter, it's important to point out that even though we had 32% growth in ESM that's on the last day of the 
quarter primarily. And so we don't get the full attach rate of maintenance until the following quarter. So just 


<Q - Derek Bingham>: Okay. 

<A - Stephen B. Solcher, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President>: So we got a little bit of lag. That's 
why in our commentary we were just trying to point out it was last year's growth rate of being roughly 1%. 

<Q - Derek Bingham>: Okay. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

And Hapoalim Securities, Kevin Buttigieg has our next question 

<Q - Kevin Buttigieg>: Thank you. Good afternoon. Just back to one of the earlier questions with regards to the ESM 
productivity. You talked about a 24% year-over-year increase in the number of feet on the street and a year-over-year 
increase of about 9% in terms of sales productivity per rep. I was wondering if you can talk – first of all, do I have 
those right? And I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about what your goals might be for each of those 
categories or where you are right now vis-à-vis your expectations if you don't want to state your expectations? 

<A - Robert E. Beauchamp, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. So we had set an expectation for about 
20% for the year. I think that's probably about where we'll come in, plus or minus 2 points. And that's not feet on the 


street, that's productive feet on the street, which means we're not counting the brand new people that are in the 
classrooms. It's people that have been out in the patch for several quarters, who are trained up. And so we're in line with 
that. 

We will always push for sales productivity enhancements. I think there's really some good room for sales productivity 
growth for some time as we're still experiencing a little bit, although it's not unusual, but a little bit of a bi-modal 
productivity model within the company where you've got a solid group of people that are doing very well and then 
some of the new ones who are doing less well and as that moves after a little more of a bell curve then that should 
really help deliver some better productivity across the board. 

<Q - Kevin Buttigieg>: Okay. Thank you. That's helpful. And then just on the MSM side, I was wondering if you 
could discuss where you are in terms of the big cycle for your renewal portfolio as well as how you did in terms of the 
top 15 transactions, the revenue yield year-over-year? 

<A - Stephen B. Solcher, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President>: I'll take the first piece of that, so 
where we are in the cycle, is the second half that it's going to look much better than the first half. So we just had more 
renewal opportunity in the second half and I think you're going to see year-over-year growth in the second half be 
much better than in the first half. 

And then on the run rate comment on the top, we had a very large – I would say one large transaction this quarter drove 
that to be slightly down for the quarter. But that's just an anomaly. When you take the rest of, what I would say the top 
14, we actually had decent growth, low single-digit growth in run rate. 

<A - Robert E. Beauchamp, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: And just to comment, the one transaction he's 
referring to was a company that doesn't like buying software from BMC, because they compete with us. 

<Q - Kevin Buttigieg>: Okay. And then just finally, a mechanical question, Steve. You had obviously the fantastic 
quarter on the ESM side, a little bit soft on the MSM side. But on a sequential basis you had a sort of a downtick in 
upfront revenue recognition. I guess I would have expected to see the opposite with more ESM than MSM? Could you 
talk a little bit about that dynamic? 

<A - Stephen B. Solcher, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President>: I guess I lost you there. We actually 
sequentially had an increase in upfront revenue, and when I looked at it, I think probably the biggest thing Q1 to Q2 is 
going to be the deferral rate. So for ESM our deferral rate went from 32% to 41%. That 41 is roughly consistent 
year-over-year. So when I look at the ESM side, what came off the balance sheet helped a little bit, but it was really all 
the license performance that we did with a very similar deferral rate. 

<Q - Kevin Buttigieg>: Right. Okay. I must have the wrong number. I had a 56% recognized upfront in the first 
quarter and 56% first quarter, 51% second quarter, but maybe my first quarter number is wrong. 

<A - Stephen B. Solcher, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President>: Yes, if you want to take that up with 
me offline, I can help you with that. I'm not sure what you 


<Q - Kevin Buttigieg>: Thanks very much. 

<A - Stephen B. Solcher, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President>: Okay. 

Operator 

Israel Hernandez with Barclays Capital has our next question. 

<Q - Israel Hernandez>: Good afternoon, everyone. Bob, can you elaborate a bit on your comments around what 
you're seeing with UCS just in terms of attach rates, market momentum, you know, competitively, Cisco does have an 
open architecture, so just kind of curious as to what you're seeing with UCS and how we should be thinking about that 
business going forward? 


<A - Robert E. Beauchamp, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, first the OEM aspect of it continues to 
improve. It's still not material to the whole company, but it is certainly something that's becoming larger in quantity. 
But the real beauty of it is that it is engaging us with customers and with Cisco together where we're selling much 
larger portfolio. We're selling the whole portfolio. We mentioned that in the Defense Department example where UCS 
code, where the software that manages UCS was part of that proposal – the software that's in the OEM agreement – the 
same software that's in that agreement. But yet, in this you really saw the full BSM suite as part of it with Atrium 
technologies, with automation technologies, run book automation with Remedy Technologies and service support in 
there. So you're starting to see a lot of traction on the seeding aspect of it. 

We've always viewed the UCS relationship as more – and I think we've always been consistent with this – as more than 
the direct revenue associated with that but rather as a seeding mechanism to bring us into other transactions. And we're 
clearly seeing that. We're clearly seeing it with some of their largest customers in the world where we're jointly talking 
with those customers about the full breadth of the product. And they are actively recommending us to many of their 
largest customers in the world very directly for the full broad portfolio. 

<Q - Israel Hernandez>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Michael Turits with Raymond James. 

<Q - Michael Turits>: Hey, guys. Good evening. Back on mainframe. First of all, am I right that your guidance for the 
year on MSM bookings was low to mid single digits, now it's down to low? And if so, what's actually changed in terms 
of your expectations, why have they decreased? 

<A - Stephen B. Solcher, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President>: Michael, you're right. It was initially 
low to mid and we've taken it to low. I think it goes back to Bob's earlier comments about capacity. So we are seeing 
people when they do renew, they have not renewed at the same expectation of capacity that we had when we set that 
initial guidance. 

And probably the other piece of that would is, the comment that he made around new product. We had a pretty 
aggressive new product goal and we're slightly behind that and it's still above where it was last year. But I think those 
are really the two key drivers into why we took that expectation down. 

<Q - Michael Turits>: Any thoughts on why capacities renewals are staying depressed? You knew about the Z series, 
you knew about the recession, to an extent. One question, is it a function – is there any impact from the shift to more 
specialty engines where – I could be wrong but I think you guys don't get full credit on the licensing side and on the 
renewals there. Is that an issue or -what could it be? 

<A - Stephen B. Solcher, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President>: No 


<Q - Michael Turits>: I just want to make sure it's not a long term secular issue, I guess. 

<A - Stephen B. Solcher, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President>: Sure. Right now the best is – we've 
spent a lot of time looking at this, Michael. And best as we can tell, it appears to be simply a matter of the customers 
buying new boxes or about to buy new boxes or about to take delivery on new boxes. And there is a certain degree of 
either waiting to upgrade or when they do upgrade, they're upgrading with less capacity, waiting for the new box to 
come in. So with the economy the way it is with that, with the new box shipping. That's as best as our crystal ball can 
determine. We've looked hard to see if there's any other trends underneath it. If it is, we haven't detected it yet. 

<Q - Michael Turits>: Okay, great. Thanks very much. 

<A - Stephen B. Solcher, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President>: Thanks, Michael. 


Operator 

We'll go on to Yun Kim with Gleacher & Company. 

<Q - Yun Kim>: Thank you. Congratulations on a strong quarter, especially in your ESM business. Looks like, just 
from a pure numbers point of view, much of that is driven by large deals, which is obviously part of your growth 
strategy for that group. Is it fair to say that you're fairly comfortable with the quality of your ESM sales force who can 
go out there and basically close large strategic deals given the performance over the past few quarters? And along with 
that, how do you manage risk associated with business that is becoming more large deal driven? Thanks. 

<A - Robert E. Beauchamp, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. Well, thank you for the 
congratulations. I would tell you that it is large deal but – there is more large deals but it's also the 500,000 to 1 million 
has been improving now for a long time and that's really kind of right down the middle of the fairway. 

Our sales force is very well trained in how to sell these broad ranging solutions. I think it's eight out of the top ten were 
multiple product lines. The, I think larger transactions – again, long-term does, of course, add a little more excitement, 
potentially, to the business. But right now, I think it's still a game of a lot of medium sized fish and not whale hunting. 
And we don't need whales to make the business work like MSM certainly does. And the sales force is, I think, brilliant. 
I think we have a brilliant sales force. 

To give you a case in point if you remember over the past several earnings calls we talked about how Europe came on 
and was doing such a great job but that North America was lagging. This quarter we didn't see that at all. We saw North 
America had a really solid quarter. So we've seen now worldwide solid performance across the geographies for several 
quarters. We've seen the entire product portfolio, all the major product lines delivering strong double-digit growth. 
You're seeing the deal count from 500,000 to 1 million growing nicely, from a million and above growing nicely. And 
you're not seeing the whales making all the difference to the deals. It's all of those things happening together. So 
geographic balance, product line balance and you've got SaaS in there – by the way, as an example, the deal at Adobe 
by was our Remedy OnDemand, our SaaS offering for Remedy. But it was an entire BSM story with the CMDB, with 
the entire product line basically integrated into our Remedy product line. So there's an example of the flexibility that 
we have in our sales force. 

This was a company that really did almost no business with BMC was a very small if at all. We're trying to find if they 
did any business with us up to this point. And now they basically are standardizing on almost our entire portfolio across 
the board and our sales team just did a fantastic job of that and there's plenty of stories like that. So I'm very, very – feel 
very good about our sales force ability to sell our products. 

<Q - Yun Kim>: Also along that line, obviously you guys have done very well targeting your installed base in growing 
your ESM business. How aggressive do you plan to go after new customers who may not have any of your product in 
their ESM line? 

<A - Robert E. Beauchamp, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. By the way, the Adobe, like I said, was 
a new customer. So this wasn't an installed base and this is one of our largest orders of the quarter, was new. The way 
that we're scaling up the sales force and the way we've been adding productive heads essentially requires and the way 
we're giving the salespeople territories, where there's lots of new customers out there that they need to go call on and 
that's one of the most exciting areas that we see, is new customers that we weren't doing much business with coming 
online with certainly these SaaS offerings, the vast majority of these SaaS deals, and we had some great SaaS wins with 
customers we've never done any business with before, very competitive by the way. But we won often times with our 
competitors, both large and small dropping price to try to win the deal and we will beat them on functionality, we beat 
them on capability, we beat them on our ability to integrate with a more complex – with a more complete product line 
attached to it in the future and we did about 50% of the deals we did with Remedy and 50% we did on ServiceDesk on 
Force.com. And so we're out there selling to new customers as well as existing customers. We'll always do more 
business with existing, because we're an enterprise company and we know who they are. But we are doing very nicely 
in new. 


<Q - Yun Kim>: Last question from me. So given the success with the Force.com, Remedy product on the 
salesforce.com platform, do you plan to maintain your cash product on that platform or do you have a plan maybe, 
perhaps, because of the success may be migrating in-house? 

<A - Robert E. Beauchamp, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, the sales force is product is specifically 
on the Force.com and we're investing in that. We're adding new functionality to it, we're adding change management, 
asset management, we're adding really a full product suite, ITSM product suite on top of it. And that's on top of the 
Force.com. The Remedy is not. Remedy is something that we're hosting to our customers and that is on our own 
environment. 

<Q - Yun Kim>: Okay, great. Thank you very much. 

<A - Robert E. Beauchamp, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. 

Robert E. Beauchamp, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

All right. With that, thank you all for joining us. I want to thank the BMC people, particularly, that are on this call and 
those around the world that have helped make for a great quarter. Look forward to the second half of the year and we 
will be talking to you I'm sure throughout the days ahead. 

Thanks very much. 

Operator 

That concludes this BMC Software teleconference. Thank you for joining us. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


