Q4 2008 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• T. Peter Andrew, Vice President, Corporate Communications 
• Scott A. McGregor, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Eric K. Brandt, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• James Schneider 
• Randy Abrams 
• Ross Seymore 
• Tim Luke 
• Adam Benjamin 
• Shawn Webster 
• Quinn Bolton 
• John Dryden 
• Tristan Gerra 
• David Wong 
• Uche Orji 
• Sumit Dhanda 
• Daniel Amir 
• Ruben Roy 
• Craig Berger 
• Aalok Shah 
• Daniel Morris 
• J. Steven Smigie 
• Suji De Silva 
• Betsy Van Hees 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Welcome to the Broadcom fourth quarter and year 2008 earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] As a 
reminder, this conference is being recorded Thursday, January 29, 2009. 

Your speakers for today are Scott McGregor, Broadcom's President and Chief Executive Officer; Eric Brandt, 
Broadcom's Chief Financial Officer; and Peter Andrew, Vice President of Investor Relations. I will now turn the call 
over to Mr. Peter Andrew. Mr. Andrew, you may begin. 

T. Peter Andrew, Vice President, Corporate Communications 
Thank you very much, Martin. Before I turn the call over to Scott, I've got to make one very quick announcement. 
During this call, we will discuss some factors that are likely to influence our business going forward. These 
forward-looking statements include guidance we will provide on future revenue, gross margin, and operating expense 


targets for the first quarter of 2009 and any other future periods, as well as statements about the prospects for our 
various businesses, potential market share, and the development status and planned availability of new products. 

You should note that the guidance we provide today is based upon forecasts that require us to make certain estimates, 
judgments, and assumptions using the information that is available to us at this time. It should be clearly understood 
that our actual performance and financial results may differ substantially from our forecasts and the other 
forward-looking statements we make today. 

Specific factors that may affect our business and future results including among other things general economic 
conditions are discussed in the Risk Factors section of our 2007 Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC 
filings. A partial list of these important risk factors is set forth at the end of today's earnings press release. As always, 
we undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement except as required by law. 

Please refer to the Investor section of our website at www.broadcom.com for additional historical financial and 
statistical information, including the information required by SEC Reg G. In addition, we've placed a slide deck which 
is available now in the Investor Relations section of our website. That is on the right hand side of the page under Q4 
2008 Earnings Information. In this deck, we have incorporated additional tables and information regarding our 
historical performance and our future guidance. 

With that, let me now turn the call over to Scott. 

Scott A. McGregor, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Good afternoon and thanks for joining us today. This earnings season, everyone is going to focus on the economic 
downturn when discussing their results and guidance and we'll do some of that too. But Broadcom had a great 2008 
overall, and our strategy for 2009 is to position the company to come out of the downturn in a stronger position than 
when we entered. 

Today, we'll talk about our strong 2008 financial results and how we were able to gain significant share across most of 
our markets, our position for 2009, and what cost saving measures we're taking so we'll continue to generate strong 
cash flow from operations in the current economic environment. 

Our primary financial goal in 2008 was to profitably grow our business. We certainly achieved that goal as Broadcom 
reached a new record level of net revenue at over $4.6 billion, an increase of $882 million, while more than doubling 
our earnings per share excluding acquisition related and impairment charges. In addition, we generated $920 million in 
cash flow from operations. 

In 2008, Broadcom clearly gained market share. According to WSTS [World Semiconductor Trade Statistics], for the 
first 11 months of 2008, revenue growth for the semiconductor industry was essentially flat year over year and most 
analysts are estimating that the full year will come in essentially flat or slightly down versus 2007. Broadcom, on the 
other hand, grew revenue by 23%, among the highest growth rates of leading semiconductor companies and was also 
one of the few semiconductor companies to grow Q4 2008 revenue over Q4 2007 levels. 

From a product perspective, our earnings per share growth, excluding one-time acquisition related and impairment 
charges, also ranked among the highest of companies in the semiconductor industry. So I would give us solid marks in 
2008 for achieving our profitable growth objective. 

From an engineering and product perspective, we made two moves in 2008 that I believe position us very well 
competitively for future additional market share gains. First, we made the transition over to 65 nanometer much faster 
than many of our peers in the communications space. This was a large undertaking from both an engineering and 
financial resource perspective, which is now largely behind us. We have already overcome many of the normal 
engineering hurdles that accompany any process migration. Many of our peers have yet to start their migration to 65 
nanometer and have not yet had to bear the financial cost of making this transition. In this weak economic environment 
where spending is tight and engineering resources are limited, our peers will have to make some tough choices. 


Second, we've become the leader in bringing combo products to market. I'll talk more about some of our milestones in 
the combo space, but interest in our combo products, which combine multiple functions, has been well above our 
expectations, and we're shipping a wide variety of products today. We feel that we have a significant lead on the 
competition and look to increase that lead as we expand our combo products in the future. So while the economy 
clearly did impact our results in the fourth quarter, the full year 2008 as a whole was a very good year. 

As we look into 2009, the current state of the economy is providing a number of challenges. The main one is 
determining the true level of demand in our end market and the timing of inventory adjustment to align with that new 
level of demand. Therefore in this uncertain environment, as we mentioned at our Analyst Day, we're shifting our focus 
from profitable growth to protecting our cash flow and ensuring that we're investing our research and development 
dollars in the right areas to drive market share gains. 

For a number of quarters now, we have been focused on tighter expense management, and you saw the results of our 
efforts beginning in the third quarter 2008 results. In the fourth quarter, we accelerated those efforts. Our total spending 
exclusive of the digital TV acquisition was down 6 million in the fourth quarter. Eric will go into more details on that 
in a minute. 

Our goal in adopting these belt tightening actions was to cut back on as many variable costs as possible without 
impacting head count. Unfortunately, the economic outlook has not improved. So in Q1, we will drive additional 
savings on variable costs and will implement a head count reduction of over 200 people or roughly 3% of our total head 
count. While these reductions are spread all across business groups, we have not had to cut or deemphasize any of our 
product lines of business. 

In total, we believe that these belt tightening moves along with the head count reduction will enable us to significantly 
lessen growth in operating expenses in 2009. We will continue to keep a tight watch on our cash flow from operations 
and we're ready to take additional measures should we feel that our cash flow is at risk. Our goal is to keep cash flow 
from operations above $75 million per quarter throughout 2009. 

Let me now turn the call over to Eric to talk more about our fourth quarter and 2008 results along with providing 
guidance for the first quarter. 

Eric K. Brandt, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Scott. As Peter mentioned, please refer to the data breakout we introduced last quarter on the Investors section 
of our website for additional financial information that will supplement my financial commentary. We have included 
additional data to reconcile gross margin, operating expense and accounting changes in addition to the detailed 
breakouts we provided last quarter. 

Moving to the financial overview; to summarize, revenue of $1.13 billion, including $40 million in royalty revenue 
from Verizon, was up approximately 10% from a year ago and down 13% from the prior quarter, which is above the 
upper end of the range we provided at Analyst Day. Full-year 2008 revenue was a record $4.66 billion, growing 23% 
over last year. 

GAAP gross margin including Verizon royalties was 50.5%, down about 180 basis points from last year. The 180 basis 
point decline is approximately 30 basis points below the updated guidance range we provided at Analyst Day, with the 
principal difference being an additional E&O reserve on the digital TV inventory we acquired from AMD that we were 
unaware of at the time of Analyst Day. 

Excluding approximately $200 million of asset impairment charges associated with our Mobile Platforms group and an 
in-process R&D charge for the AMD digital TV acquisition, GAAP operating expenses of $532 million increased only 
$11 million over Q3 versus our guidance of 15 million, so you can see that we have clearly not taken our eyes off 
tightening operating expenses. I'll talk more about this in a minute. 


GAAP earnings per share for Q4 were a negative $0.32. This number includes approximately $0.40 per share for the 
impairment and in-process R&D charges I just mentioned. Excluding the impairment and in-process R&D charges 
associated with acquisitions, full-year GAAP EPS roughly doubled in 2008. 

Cash flow from operations was $146 million. Our cash and marketable securities balance decreased $390 million to a 
balance of $1.9 billion at the end of the quarter, resulted from solid operating cash flow offset by share repurchases and 
the AMD DTV acquisition which closed in the quarter. 

Moving to revenue and gross margin, in December we said we expected Q4 revenue could be approximately 1.05 
billion to $1.1 billion as in the current global economic environment, customers were requesting adjustments to their 
deliveries and we were seeing significant push-outs and cancellations. What occurred in Q4 was an overall revenue 
decline slightly less than the guidance provided with revenue coming in above the high end of our guidance range. 

With respect to our Broadband Communications target market, as anticipated, we saw a modest decline in revenue 
driven by broadband modems and seasonal declines in digital TV and Blu-ray offset by revenue increases in the set-top 
box area, principally driven by operators preparing for the analog TV cutoff. 

In the Mobile and Wireless market, we experienced sequential declines in most areas, driven by seasonality and by a 
weakening in the Mobile and Wireless end market. 

Our enterprise networking target market also declined sequentially during Q4 with greater weakness in the more 
PC-related areas versus our switching solutions. 

Revenue distribution for Q4 was as follows. Broadband Communications was 39% of total revenue. Mobile and 
Wireless, which includes Verizon royalties, was 36%. Enterprise Networking accounted for 25%. 

Our GAAP gross margin decreased by 180 basis points to 50.5%, which is somewhat below the range provided at our 
Analyst Day. In December, we guided GAAP gross margins to be down 125 to 150 basis points, which included 20 
basis points for the AMD DTV inventory step-off/sell-through, but did not anticipate an incremental 50 basis points for 
an AMD E&O-related reserve. When looking at the core Broadcom gross margin excluding AMD, it actually did 
somewhat better than anticipated. Verizon royalties represented a 180 basis point positive effect to the Q4 gross 
margin. 

Moving to operating expenses, during the quarter, the company performed its annual goodwill impairment review at the 
operating unit level. As a result of the significant economic downturn and corresponding declining growth rates of the 
cellular market as well as nearing the end of our royalty agreement with Verizon, it was determined that the goodwill 
and some of the tangible assets associated with our Mobile Platforms operating unit were impaired and thus written off 
in the quarter. 

In addition, the company wrote off approximately $31 million of in-process R&D associated with the AMD digital TV 
acquisition. These two actions totaled $201 million in non-recurring charges for the quarter. Please note that you should 
not read into the fact that we took these charges that there has been any change in the strategy or direction for either of 
these businesses. The following commentary on operating expenses is focused on recurring costs and as such excludes 
these amounts. 

Once again, we had much better than expected performance in controlling our operating expenses. Total GAAP 
operating expenses in Q4 were up $11 million from Q3 levels, less than the increase of $15 million we expected at our 
Analyst Day. Standalone Broadcom operating expense excluding the digital TV business and its associated 
amortization was down $6 million from Q3 levels, due principally to two factors: one, our ongoing efforts to control 
the growth in head count and other operating expenses, including a reduction in our bonus accrual of roughly $3 
million due to market and performance changes in the quarter; and two, continued favorability in tape-out expenses in 
Q4. However, these benefits were offset in part by unfavorable legal expenses associated with the currently pending 
options litigation. This expense is likely to continue to grow as we get closer to the trial date. 

What is encouraging is that our efforts over the last year to manage controllable operating expenses are clearly paying 
off. Net of costs related to recently completed acquisitions and previously offset options litigation costs, we made 


excellent progress since the second quarter of 2008. 

We increased total company head count in Q4 by 549 to a worldwide head count of 7,402. Excluding the employees 
added with the digital TV acquisition, Broadcom had only about 20 net adds. 

Moving to the balance sheet, as I mentioned earlier, total cash and marketable securities were $1.9 billion as we 
generated strong positive cash flow from operations of $146 million, offset by approximately $565 million in share 
repurchases and acquisitions in the quarter. 

As we indicated at Analyst Day, we expected inventories to increase as we adjusted to the lower demand levels 
mid-quarter, meaning that due to normal 8 to 12 lead times from our fabs, there was too little time for us to make 
significant adjustments in the fourth quarter. We said we expect the turns to drop to roughly five times. Based on 
revenue coming in somewhat better than expected and strong work from our operations team, we were able to do a fair 
bit better and end the quarter at 6.1 turns. Assuming no further shocks to the industry, we anticipate turns will improve 
next quarter. 

Our accounts receivable day's sales outstanding was superb at 30 days, which is better than our normal mid-to-high 
30s. 

As we mentioned at Analyst Day, we were active repurchasing shares in the quarter. We acquired roughly 27.4 million 
shares in the quarter at a cost of $424 million for an average price of approximately $15.50 a share. Diluted shares 
outstanding were down another 26 million shares to 498 million diluted shares outstanding at the end of Q4 due to the 
repurchase activity and the anti-dilutive effect of the GAAP loss. 

Finally, during the quarter, the company repatriated $1.5 billion of its offshore cash. 

Moving to expectations, we currently expect Q1 revenue to decline to roughly 800 to $875 million including Verizon 
royalties, which given their payments to date, should drop to roughly $19 million. This decline should be relatively 
consistent across our targeted end markets. 

In looking at what we expect to happen in Q1, in Broadband Communications, we expect sequential revenue decline 
driven by declining demand for broadband modems and set-top boxes, offset in part by growth in digital TV and 
Blu-ray. In Mobile and Wireless, we anticipate a sequential decline, driven by lower consumer demand, reduced 
Verizon royalties, and normal Q1 seasonality. Our Enterprise Networking business should decline across the board due 
to normal seasonal weakness in controllers and our switching customers adjusting their demand levels downward due 
to the current economic downturn. 

We expect our GAAP gross margin to decline to roughly 49%, driven by three principal factors: one, the reduced 
Verizon royalties revenue, which will have about a 75 basis points negative effect in Q1 versus Q4; two, fixed costs 
spread over a lower revenue based, which has roughly a 50 basis point impact; and negative product mix shift of 
roughly 25 basis points. 

With respect to GAAP operating expenses in Q1, we have a number of step-ups and other factors which impact the 
number. Please note that we have detailed all of these in the presentation on our website. 

First, we will have a full quarter of the acquired AMD digital TV business plus the comparative impact of the 
non-recurring bonus reversal from Q4, which will add about $9 million. Second, an increase to our fringe expenses to 
match FICA et cetera timing of approximately $9 million. This is only a timing difference and does not reflect 
increases for the total year on fringe expenses. Together, these items add to approximately $18 million. 

Beyond that, we hope to offset additional tape-out/development costs and additional legal fees with the cost savings 
measures Scott mentioned and the workforce reduction as well as anticipated D&O reimbursement. In addition, we 
expect stock-based compensation to decline roughly 6 to $7 million. 

Net-net, we anticipate total recurring operating expenses will grow approximately 9 to $14 million over Q4; again, 
keeping in mind that almost all of this increase is either accounting-driven timing changes, AMD full quarter impact, or 


items such as option litigation which are unrelated to the operation of our business. 

We anticipate excluding the full quarter impact of the DTV acquisition, the resumption of the standard bonus pool 
accrual and fringe items, you will see a decrease in our salary and benefits and stock-based compensation lines that we 
will detail on our presentation on the website. 

Lastly, with respect to the cost reductions Scott mentioned, the company expects to take a restructuring charge 
associated with the reductions in staff. We estimate the restructuring cost to be between 8 and $10 million over the next 
three quarters. 

In closing, I would like to refine our comments on Analyst Day regarding managing the business to cash flow in a 
downturn. We said that in normal times, we were managing to profitable growth and that in this downturn, we are 
focused on expanding share at the expense of our weaker competitors. As we look back to 2008, we clearly grew share 
in our key target markets, growing more than twice the rate of the relevant subsegments as broken out by WSTS. 

As we look to 2009, based on recent commentary from a number of our competitors, we believe we are very well 
positioned to do so again and are strategically better positioned cash flow-wise to accelerate our technology advantage. 
As we mentioned at Analyst Day, we are targeting to managing our business to share gain and positive quarterly cash 
flow from operations in 2009, and have aligned our incentives accordingly. Specifically, we have built our plan 
including cost saving targets to target running the business above $75 million positive quarterly cash flow from 
operations. We believe this will allow us to leverage our cash strength to emerge from the downturn in a much stronger 
market position than we entered. 

And now I would like to turn the call back over to Scott to talk about the state of the business. 

Scott A. McGregor, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Eric. I'll start with Broadcom's Enterprise Networking end market. For 2008, we experienced solid revenue 
growth, driven mainly by market share gains within the switching space. While Broadcom has long been recognized as 
the leader within the switching end market, we have been able to drive additional market share gains by expanding our 
product offering within two areas. The first is the metro switching space as Ethernet penetrates deeper into this segment 
of the operators' network; and secondly, small and medium-sized business where we have refreshed our product line, 
creating lower power solutions with more intelligence. 

As Eric mentioned, in the fourth quarter, the Enterprise Networking end market experienced a sequential revenue 
decline as our customers adjusted their orders and inventory levels due to the economic slowdown following a very 
strong first three quarters of 2008. While this revenue decline was across all areas of the Enterprise Networking end 
market, it was more pronounced in the controller area. We believe that there is more inventory in the PC and server 
areas of the market versus the switching area. 

As we look into 2009 and beyond, our investments will focus on driving 10-gigabit Ethernet deeper into servers, 
switches, and the metro space, and on entering the embedded security and point-of-sale markets with a new family of 
security processor products. We are already seeing 10-gigabit Ethernet designed onto the motherboard for use in blade 
servers from Hewlett-Packard and we expect the 10-gigabit rollout to accelerate as Intel deploys its next-generation 
Tylersburg chipset. We expect adoption of our 10-gigabit Ethernet switching to increase as 10-gigabit Ethernet is 
incorporated more pervasively on servers. 

From a competitive standpoint, our key differentiators remain our product breadth from PHY to switched fabric 
solutions for metro, data center, enterprise, and small and medium business applications, and our ability to integrate 
Ethernet technology into a wide variety of products, ranging from game platforms, set-top boxes, broadband modems, 
wireless gateways, TVs, and Blu-ray players and other products. 

Moving on to Broadband Communication, all major product lines experienced double digit revenue growth in 2008 
with the consumer and set-top box areas experiencing the fastest growth. Broadcom is still a relatively new participant 


in the consumer space, which includes our digital TV and Blu-ray products. Within the consumer space, we were able 
to grow our revenue and gain share by leveraging the consumer preference for HD in both TVs and Blu-ray players. In 
addition, our set-top box product demand was driven by a favorable trend in HD and PVR adoption. And cable 
operators preparing for analog spectrum reclamation needed to expand their HD and wideband Internet access 
offerings. 

In the fourth quarter, our broadband modem and consumer businesses were down sequentially, tied to the weak 
economic environment as our customers try to adjust their inventory levels to match declines in demand and the 
seasonal increase for pre-holiday build cycle in Q3 for our Blu-ray business respectively. On the other hand, our set-top 
box business remains strong, growing over 20% sequentially, driven by the same trends discussed earlier. 

The two biggest opportunities for Broadcom going forward to drive growth and additional market share gains are: first, 
the continued expansion of pay-TV and Internet access services internationally, mainly in India and Asia, and this 
includes our set-top boxes and broadband modems; second, the convergence of communications with consumer 
electronics to drive ubiquitous Internet and device connectivity in the home to enable operators, studios, and content 
providers to offer additional value-added services such as the Netflix instant streaming available on the LG BD300 
Blu-ray player. 

An example of our international expansion is the recent announcement by Bharti Airtel, which is India's leading 
integrated service provider. Bharti selected Broadcom's set-top box products for use in its first commercial satellite 
product launch in India. According to In-Stat, India's pay-TV market potential is expected to include 90 million 
subscribers by 2012. We are engaged with other service operators in India and Asia to drive the adoption of broadband 
access and video services within those regions. 

For a number of years, Broadcom has been on the technological forefront with regard to the convergence of 
communications with consumer electronics. As those of you who attended CES were able to see, these are not just 
early adopter gadgets, but these are mainstream products generating real revenue today. Broadcom not only provides 
products for platforms within the home such as TVs, set-top boxes, and Blu-ray players, but also the connectivity to 
enable these devices to communicate together, whether it's via Ethernet or MoCA, Bluetooth or wireless LAN. 

Other key technologies and partnerships enabled by communications convergence include the integration of Adobe 
Flash into our TV and set-top box solutions, the integration of MoCA into set-top boxes and broadband modems, and 
support for DLNA [Digital Living Network Alliance]. We believe DLNA is the key standard supporting transparent 
media exchange and control across consumer devices and utilizing Ethernet, MoCA, and Wi-Fi. 

Moving to our Mobile and Wireless end markets, we once again experienced a very strong year of growth as revenue 
increased 37%, driven primarily by Bluetooth, wireless LAN, and GPS. When looking at our fourth quarter 
performance versus the third quarter, the weakness was primarily from the PC and mobile markets. 

In the cellular area, our team remains focused on execution. We remain on track in achieving the various customer 
milestones required to ramp production later this year. We remain excited about what we have to offer in the baseband 
area in both the 2G and 3G spaces, but more importantly, on the entire cellular platform. As our customers begin 
shipping products incorporating our silicon, we look forward to talking more about them. 

Fortunately, the long overdue cellular baseband consolidation appears to be accelerating. A few of the older 
competitors in the cellular baseband market are shedding parts of their complete cellular businesses and others are 
experiencing intense financial pressure. These moves along with the consolidation of many of our European 
competitors validate our platform strategy and we believe the economics for the cellular platform suppliers will 
improve over time. Our focus right now is on bringing the Nokia EDGE and Samsung 3G products to market. 

In wireless LAN, the weakness that we experienced in the quarter was mainly tied at the PC client side as we 
experienced growth in both the embedded and networking markets. 

I'll talk more about combo products in a minute, but I think it's a good time to take a look back at what Broadcom has 
been able to accomplish in the wireless LAN market. Most market researchers point out that we are the leader in the 


wireless LAN space, having shipped over 350 million cumulative radios. Just to put this into perspective, this is over 
75% more than our closest independent wireless LAN competitor. We led the transition to 802.11g, led the transition to 
802.11n, and we're leading the transition to integrating power amplifiers, leading the move down to lower power 
65-nanometer processes, and leading the wireless combo wave. 

Based on third-party estimates, Broadcom's wireless LAN business alone is larger than our closest independent peer's 
entire business including their non-wireless LAN products. Being first to market, having scale, and a broad portfolio of 
products are significant long-term competitive advantages, which we believe will become even more important in this 
economic downturn. 

In Bluetooth, our revenue declined in the fourth quarter, mainly due to weaknesses within the cellular handset and PCM 
markets. We are clearly number one in the Bluetooth market, having surpassed our closest peer in this market in Q1 
2008, and have maintained that position throughout the year based upon their most recent guidance. We have shipped 
over 1.1 billion cumulative Bluetooth radios to date; and in 2008 alone, we grew our radio shipments by 60% over 
2007. 

Broadcom is leading the migration to lower power 65-nanometer processes and leading in combos with value-added 
features such as Alternative MAC and PHY, which will enable Bluetooth transmission at up to 24 megabits per second. 

As we announced last quarter, our plan was to announce three new wireless combo solutions between then and Mobile 
World Congress. On our last earnings call, we announced our next-generation 65-nanometer Bluetooth-plus-FM 
receive-and-transmit chip that also integrates audio processing capabilities to improve the voice quality, perform stereo 
decoding, and lower system power consumption. The second combo product was our Bluetooth-plus-FM-plus-wireless 
LAN chip that integrates 802.11m technologies. The final of the three announcements will be made at Mobile World 
Congress in February, so please stay tuned. 

Based upon our current outlook for 2009, we believe that our wireless combo solutions in total could represent around 
10% of Broadcom's total sales. 

This concludes our prepared remarks, and we are now ready for your questions. Operator, may I have the first 
question? 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from James Schneider of Goldman Sachs. Please go 
ahead. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Good afternoon. Maybe first for Eric, could you talk a little bit about what you expect for the 
OpEx profile as we move throughout the year? Do you expect the step up to happen in Q1 and then come back down as 
we move throughout the year excluding legal costs or how should we think about the profile of that? And do you 
anticipate any other minor trimming to OpEx beyond the stuff you just announced? 

<A - Eric Brandt>: Jim, yes, we are actually seeing positive reactions to a number of the steps we have taken and 
seeing good signals that we saw in Q3 and Q4. I think the employees are responding well to the things that are variable 
costs and we should see some benefits going forward. Excluding the legal costs, excluding this fringe benefit issue, I 
think as I mentioned in my text, I think you'll see the salary and benefits line of some of the other costs begin to drift 
down over the course of Q1 and into Q2. Beyond that, we don't have much more guidance in terms of the OpEx. I think 
tape-outs will be what tape-outs will be. And as I mentioned, I believe we'll be able to offset them with some additional 
cost savings that we're expecting in the quarter. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Okay, and then maybe one for Scott. Could you talk a little bit about – clearly it's likely that 
we're going to have a down revenue year across the industry and for you guys too. Can you talk about where you think 


you can get incremental positive revenue and what product areas? Is it going to come from share gains and in what 
products? 

<A - Scott McGregor>: We certainly see the opportunity for share gain. The combo products are really on fire. We're 
getting those designed into a very broad swath of many areas, and so we continue to see those to ramp up significantly. 
We think people are going to be pretty excited about this next product we're announcing too. So we think that will help 
us drive share gain there. 

Bluetooth headsets remain an opportunity for share gain. We had a relatively low market share through 2008. We're 
now designed into pretty much all of the major players there and they're beginning to ramp and that will continue over 
the next few quarters. So share gain coming from a low base should help us in that space. 

In broadband, there is an opportunity with TV over the course of the year. And certainly a Blu-ray, I think customers 
are very interested in some of these connected TV and connected consumer products. Netflix instant streaming looks 
like it's going to be a hit, and I think the follow-on products with those and other customers will be an interesting 
opportunity there. And of course I think people will continue to transition from the analog to digital, both because of 
the FCC mandated move to shut down the analog transmission but also because a lot of the cable operators are going to 
seek to reclaim a lot of their analog space and move to more digital channels to compete with the satellite guys and 
some of the IPTV competitors in that space. We think those are very positive trends that will give us good growth and 
in those areas. 

And then last but not least, certainly the 10-gigabit space will continue to grow over time as people start penetrating. I 
mentioned a couple examples. The Tylersburg chip rollout we think is going to give some impetus to that market and 
drive increased penetration there. 

<A - T. Peter Andrew>: Martin, can we have the next question please? 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Randy Abrams of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Randy Abrams>: Yes, good afternoon. Could you talk about the impairment in the cellular platforms, just what 
motivated the write-down? And you talked about the strategy was unchanged but just you have a lower view of the 
expectations for that group. 

<A - Eric Brandt>: Randy, every year we do this. We run an impairment analysis across the various groups, and we 
adjust the view based on the market view of growth rates. In the case of the cellular business, the market growth rates, 
as you know, over the second half of the year came down. And as those growth rates came down, it changes the view of 
the terminal value and changes the view of the discount rate. 

In addition, when you look at our other three core businesses of Broadband Communications, Wireless Connectivity, 
and Enterprise Networking, they were substantially above the amount of goodwill carried and combined actually added 
up to more than the market cap of the company. That's a signal then that you have to look more closely at the remaining 
business which is in startup mode. And when you adjust the discount rates for the growth rate of the industry and the 
terminal values, you come to an impairment calculation, and that's how we did it. It's very specific in terms of how it's 
done. 

<A - Scott McGregor>: And it certainly doesn't reflect Broadcom's commitment to that space nor does it change our 
view of how that business will develop. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 


<Q - Ross Seymore>: Eric, just following up on the OpEx question, the 200 people head count, how does that get 
reflected in? Is it this quarter or fully in the second quarter? 

<A - Eric Brandt>: Most of the charge – actually of the 8 to $10 million, about half of it is cash. The other half of it 
relates to equity and other things like that. But most of the people impact will occur this quarter. There are some 
transitions that we need to do, projects from certain groups of people to other groups of people, which will drag into the 
second quarter, so most of it will occur in the first quarter. A little bit will be in the second quarter. And to the extent 
that we have any lease restructurings et cetera, that's typically the only thing that will drag into the third quarter out. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Okay and then quickly on the inventory side, I guess a two-part question. Did I hear you right 
when you said you could get your internal turns up in the next quarter despite where revenue is going? And then what 
is your commentary on end market inventory, whether it's in the channel or however you want to describe it? 

<A - Eric Brandt>: Yes, we believe that we will be able to improve our turns in Q1 and are planning to do so. 
Obviously it is somewhat revenue dependent. But I do think as we looked across Q4, we were able to align our view of 
demand in Q4 and rolling into Q1, which allowed us to adjust our order of parts. When you see our 10-K, you'll be able 
see where that inventory is. 

In terms of the channel inventory, I'll preface what I'm going to say with what we usually say, which is we are three 
steps back, so how do we know, right? But I want to make a general comment, which is if you look at most of our 
customers, they are reporting down high single digits, mid to high single digits. And if you look at what most of our 
peers are reporting, they are reporting down 20 plus percent. That would indicate that the underlying demand is 
probably closer to the high single digits down. But the reason we're seeing the significant decline in our space is the 
channel inventory impact. Our hope is that that will clear itself out over the next quarter. It's hard to say because we 
don't have that much visibility. But should that happen, then we will see our business begin to swing to something 
much more closer to the end market demand we're seeing in our customers principally. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: So you think in the second quarter, you should be able to shift to consumption? 

<A - Eric Brandt>: That's our hope. It's hard to say because we don't know how quickly it's draining and whether 
underlying demand will change further. But at least based on the patterns we're seeing, that's our hope. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Great, thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Tim Luke of Barclays Capital. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Thanks so much. I was wondering, Scott, if you could give us any color on how you perceive the 
linearity as you've gone through November – December and now any color on how you've seen the beginning of 
January in terms of order patterns. And then, Eric, I was wondering if you could give some color on how you see some 
of the puts and takes for the gross margin line and the shape of the gross margin as you move through calendar '09, 
particularly with respect to a mix that may favor 65-nanometer. Thank you. 

<A - Scott McGregor>: Tim, we can't really comment much on linearity other than to say that our revenue for Q4 
went down and we're guiding Q1 lower. So obviously the orders are not coming in as fast as they were in the middle of 
last year. I think it's relatively similar across all of our industries that we touch. Certainly the PC space, we do see a 
little more impact there than some of the other businesses; mobile also significantly affected, a little less so in 
switching, a little less so in some of the broadband areas. But again, it's a little hard because some of these customers 
have to wrestle with their own inventory situations. But that's how we see it. 

<A - Eric Brandt>: Tim, with respect to gross margin, obviously Verizon is what Verizon is and it has been a 75 basis 
point impact and washes its way through. We do have this overhead issue as revenue comes down. And as I mentioned, 
it's about 50 basis points in the current quarter. Actually, if you look across the two quarters from the high watermark 
of Q3, it's actually close to 100 basis points across the two quarters in terms of its impact to our gross margin. So as 


revenue recovers, assuming that the inventory issue washes its way through and the industry begins to pick back up to 
more underlying demand and probably accelerates a little bit because of the bounce off the bottom on the inventory, our 
hope is that we begin to cover some of that overhead and then you get the benefit there as well. 

As it relates to mix of products and 65-nanometer, I think over time, as we mentioned earlier in the year, we think we're 
heading closer and closer to the sweet spot of 65-nanometer and we should benefit from that. Now obviously it's hard 
to read the overall mix of the products and what is going to be the ins and outs, but that's what we look at. And 
hopefully by the time we get through Q2, I think it will drag into Q2, we will have washed our way through the stepped 
up AMD inventory that we acquired, which hits us for probably 30 – 40 basis points in Q1. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Just as a framework, Scott, having been through a few downturns in the past, do you feel this is 
something that is likely to take two to three quarters or do you feel that you're taking a step down now and then you 
may see flat to up in the following period, any color there? 

<A - Scott McGregor>: Certainly we're not economists, and so I don't think we're going to try and forecast world GDP 
here, which certainly affects a lot of our industries. Certainly this downturn is more broad-based than 2001, so it's a 
little hard for us to extrapolate from those. 

I think as Eric pointed out, there are a couple of thing going on though. Whenever you have a sudden falloff in demand, 
you get an inventory backup. And I think the semiconductor industry, as are many of the people in the supply chain 
where we are facing, is that you're not only burning up inventory, but also dealing with lower demand. And the 
inventory stuff will burn off at some point. And certainly as Eric said, we expect our turns to actually go up this 
quarter, which shows that we did a good job shutting down our orders back in Q4, and we believe we'll make good 
progress on that. 

So from our inventory point of view, I think we'll be in fine shape going forward in Q1 – Q2. And then the question 
really becomes where will our customers be in terms of burning off their inventories, both which they have themselves 
and in their channels, such that we can get back to the – I'll call it the new normal demand, and that's back to probably 
where we were the middle of last year, but certainly should be more than the inventory, combined inventory burn-off 
and lower demand we're seeing right now. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Thanks so much. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from Adam Benjamin of Jefferies. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Adam Benjamin>: Hey, thanks guys. First question just on the combo market, you guys are doing quite well 
there and positioned compared to your competitors. One thing as you look out going forward, you've had a bunch of 
single product lines, Bluetooth and Wi-Fi that are now coming together as well as GPS. I wonder how you think about 
that going forward and how when you ramp the combo, how that nets against those single line of products going 
forward and what we should expect in terms of what's the net add there for you. 

<A - Scott McGregor>: We think combo products are definitely here to stay, and that the trend is going to be to 
increasing conversions of functionality. So that's a real advantage for Broadcom because unlike pretty much any of our 
competitors, we have all of the pieces of the puzzle. And so as we produce these combined solutions for our customers, 
then we definitely pull those together. 

I think the question you're trying to get at is to what extent do the combo products cannibalize some of our single 
product lines. We don't see that much because – let me give you an example. With our 4325 product, which combines 
wireless LAN, Bluetooth, and FM, we see that as more an increase in the penetration of wireless LAN into products 
that didn't have wireless LAN previously. So in other words, we're getting a higher ASP penetration into the same kind 
of product as a result of that. Likewise, when we did Bluetooth-plus-FM, the addition of the FM allowed us to offset 
price erosion or even increase ASPs in that space. So we see it as a positive contributor. It drives the average price of 


some of these functions down for people. 

But for example in the cellular space, the cost of adding wireless LAN was slowing the penetration down. They had 
only put it in the high-end smartphones. Because of the 4325 driving the overall affordability of wireless LAN, we're 
seeing much higher take-up of wireless LAN such that it drives it down not just from the top end phones, but into 
feature phones, high-end feature phones as well, greatly increasing the overall demand. So net, we see the combo 
products being a positive trend in our revenues. 

<Q - Adam Benjamin>: Got you. And then I'm sorry if I am being redundant here; I got dropped off the call. With 
respect to inventories that you were talking about, Scott, embedded in your guidance of the 800 to 875, how much of 
that is an imbalance of a work-down of inventory versus true consumption in the market? And then secondly, based on 
the guidance, what's the turns rate that you need to meet to say the midpoint of the guidance versus prior quarters? 

<A - Scott McGregor>: We don't what the inventory burn-down in our customers is. We don't have that visibility. So 
our guidance is independent of knowing what that is. I think as we look forward the rest of the year... 

<Q - Adam Benjamin>: I'm just looking for you to take a stab at it. 

<A - Scott McGregor>: I don't have a clue. And then let's see, your second question was... 

<A - Eric Brandt>: On the turns. Adam, on the turns, no different than what we've seen before; in fact, again, in light 
of limited visibility, we're still doing what we've said before, which is we're 80 to 90% booked coming into the quarter. 
We're not changing our view on turns. In fact if anything, we might even be a little bit more conservative in our view of 
turns just because of the concern that customers may push things out towards the end of the quarter. So our guidance 
reflects I think perhaps a touch more conservatism than we've had in the past because, as you recall, we beat this 
quarter and you might say well gee, you're in December, why did you do that? We did not want to be one of those 
companies that revise guidance more than once. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Shawn Webster of JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Yes, thank you. For the revenue upside relative to your revised expectations in Q4, where did 
that come from? 

<A - Eric Brandt>: Shawn, as I mentioned, we were trying to be conservative. As you may recall, things were a little 
bit hairy rolling into December and in certainly November. And so when we revised guidance, we wanted to make sure 
that we were not revising twice. We tried to be conservative in our view and anticipate additional push-outs which 
could occur at the end of the year. Fortunately for us, they didn't come in and we did better than we had anticipated. 

Specifically in individual businesses, I don't think it's material to the results. I think you can see the results where the 
Mobile and Wireless group and the Enterprise Networking group were down roughly the same amount and Broadband 
was down a fair bit less. So beyond that, it was really just us being conservative in our view of revenue; and perhaps to 
Adam's question, perhaps a little more conservative in our view of turns. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Quinn Bolton of Needham & Company. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Quinn Bolton>: I'm just wondering; some of the other semiconductor companies that have reported to date have 
mentioned that they have seen some uptick in orders in January. I'm wondering if you can make any comments about 
whether on a qualitative basis you've seen any improvement. I know it's only a few weeks here, but just curious. And 
then second, just a comment on the set-top box; I think you had commented it was up 20% sequentially in the first – 
sorry, in the fourth quarter but then expected to be down in Q1. Is that just the lumpy nature of the business or do you 


see some inventory or is there something else going on in set-tops? I'm just looking for a little color on that segment. 

<A - Scott McGregor>: Certainly, the set-top box business does have some variability to it. But I think it reflected 
again the increasing penetration of broadband, the move from analog to digital. And one of the things I think 
particularly drove it is people really like this HD capability and they like getting the PVR capability on set-top boxes, 
and that certainly drives that growth there. So we just see that as continued adoption of a lot of products, and then the 
Q1 decline more moving down as a result of just overall economic issues. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from John Dryden of Charter Equity. Please go ahead. 

<Q - John Dryden>: Thanks for taking my question. Scott, now that Verizon royalties are coming to an end, can you 
discuss new business opportunities at this customer, which was one of the benefits of the royalty discussions back in 
late 2007? 

<A - Scott McGregor>: I can't discuss obviously all of the things we're working on with Verizon; that's private 
information for them. But for example, we cooperate very well on the FiOS rollout that they're doing. Broadcom 
participates in that. We generally have had a great relationship with Verizon since we put that deal together, and it has 
enabled us to have a lot of good conversations between their product planners and strategists and their CTO 
organization and our product team. And so we're absolutely working together to do a variety of things to broaden our 
set-top box cooperation and to look for cooperation in the mobile area and other places as well. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Tristan Gerra of Robert Baird. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Tristan Gerra>: Good afternoon. Given the excess inventories that you see, any deterioration in ASP trend over 
the next few quarters and what your sense on this could impact then with margin potentially? 

<A - Eric Brandt>: Do you mean our inventory or channel inventory? 

<Q - Tristan Gerra>: Channel, so it could also be – well actually component inventory, so it could be people trying to 
unload inventories and putting pricing pressures outside of your own inventories. 

<A - Eric Brandt>: Not really for us. Again, we try to be conservative in what we do and hopefully by now, people 
have picked that up generally speaking in terms of the way we think about our business. And we have been talking 
about for a year about making sure that we ship to underlying demand. So to the extent that people are playing games at 
the end of the quarter in terms of inventory and trying to flush through things at cheap prices, short of excess inventory 
we have, which not very much we would do that with, we don't really play that game. If they want to push out and it's 
true underlying demand, we let them do it, and that's the way we run our business. We try to run our business to natural 
demand. So I think we're pretty good at not playing that game in terms of driving the gross margin down to chase that 
sort of stuff. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from David Wong of Wachovia. Please go ahead. 

<Q - David Wong>: Thanks very much. Could you tell us what your top priorities for your R&D dollar spend will be 
in the current environment? 

<A - Scott McGregor>: Certainly, we're looking for opportunities for revenue projects that are going to happen in 
2009. That's certainly a priority. And in fact in some areas such as our combo chips, our primary limitation on how 


much revenue we get and how many design wins we get is more limited on how many customers we can support rather 
than underlying demand. That's an incredibly popular series of products right now, and we have more design wins that 
are being offered to us than we can support. So that's a very nice situation to be in and obviously that's an area where 
you want to maintain your R&D emphasis to help those customers get those products designed in. 

Certainly the 10-gigabit space in our Enterprise Networking area and next generation 10-gigabit controllers are 
important for us to go take share in those markets. And just broadband overall, there is some very exciting stuff going 
on there. It's the whole notion of connected living room. All of that is something lots of companies are talking about, 
but we're deploying products in that today. And a lot of customers who want to actually ship products rather than talk 
about them are working with Broadcom chips. And so those are all high priorities. 

And then of course I don't want to leave off the cellular area. We're making great strides with our partners, Samsung 
and Nokia. And as we said we're on track for rolling products out with both of those companies this year, and important 
to stay on track with that. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Uche Orji of UBS. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Just a couple of things. First is of the $1.5 billion repatriation, any idea how that will be used? And 
then secondly, can you talk about what the expectations are as the new government starts to talk about spending on 
broadband infrastructure? Is there any expectation on your side as to how you're positioned to profit from this? 

<A - Eric Brandt>: Uche, it's Eric. Just on the $1.5 billion, I think that we were in a fortunate situation as a company 
as the economic market became uncertain. I think people are worried about where the money is and where the banks 
are et cetera. And carrying close to $5 billion of NOL has enabled us to repatriate the money at minimal cost, cash cost 
to the company. So we took the opportunity to bring the money back because to protect the company, protect the 
company's cash position, and be prepared for what is probably going to be a bumpy 2009 for everybody in the industry. 

As far as using that cash, as we've discussed in the past, here I think we look for opportunities to enhance our 
competitive position with companies to use our cash, to take advantage of low valuation should there be opportunities 
to buy companies, and we do have an ongoing share repurchase program which we could use the money for as well. 
But it really was a unique opportunity for Broadcom given our tax position and where we had our money to really – to 
put more security around the company and make sure that we had our cash where we needed it most, in the US. 

<A - Scott McGregor>: Uche, on your question on broadband infrastructure, it certainly has been an announced 
priority by the current administration in the United States to increase broadband infrastructure. We've also seen that in 
other countries as well. They all view that as a way that they can spend money and improve their population access to 
the Internet economy and whatnot. And that plays actually fairly well for Broadcom. So the good news is that pretty 
much any box that they deploy to enhance the broadband infrastructure is going to have Broadcom chips in it, so that's 
good for us. And I'd say the problem though is we don't have real good visibility on exactly what some of these 
programs mean yet. So we think they're all well intentioned, and to the extent they do result in deploying broadband 
infrastructure, Broadcom would certainly be one of the beneficiaries of that. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from Sumit Dhanda of Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Sumit Dhanda>: Yes, hi guys. Scott, you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you thought that the combo 
chips could be as much as 10% of revenue of this year. The rough math, at least my back of the envelope suggests 
something close to maybe 10% penetration of the top OEMs just to get to that number. Is that right? Is that too high a 
number? And really what gives you the visibility? Is it just the pace of design wins that you're seeing, even in an 
uncertain environment? 


<A - Scott McGregor>: I'm not sure I can figure out your penetration number. But certainly, we have seen broad wins 
there. I think we've won the majority of the top ten cellular platforms with our combo chips now. We've certainly seen 
penetration into a variety of other kinds of devices, other portable devices, things like games and some computing 
devices. So we are seeing very good penetration with those products. 

And again they just really solve a nice solution. They really give the customer the ability to put a single product into 
their product that pre-integrates all the radios. It solves all the coexistence problems. And what I like to call the "One 
butt to kick" principle, meaning when they design these products and if they have multiple radios for multiple 
suppliers, invariably you're going to have issues. And rather than deal with fingerpointing across different suppliers, 
you put this part in and this one supplier that will make it all work for you, and they appreciate that. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Daniel Amir of Lazard Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Daniel Amir>: Thanks a lot. Related to your broadband consumer market, I guess you commented that the DTV 
business and Blu-ray should be better here in the first quarter. So can you comment what's exactly going on there in 
terms of seasonal, and also what's your visibility about some of the different end markets right now in terms of the 
demand drivers in your business? 

<A - Scott McGregor>: On visibility, certainly visibility is lower than what it would be in typical years, so that does 
color things a little bit. But specifically to your questions about things like DTV and Blu-ray, generally those products 
seasonally peak around Q3. Some products would seasonally peak around Q4, but the heavier they are, the more likely 
they go by truck or rail or both rather than airplane. And so they have to be built early in the year to hit the holiday 
shipments, and so generally you seek peaks around Q3. 

Q4 generally tends to be a fall-off and certainly with some demand going down, there are some inventory issues three 
as well. And then we see that beginning to pick a little bit over the course of this year, both for natural or seasonal 
characteristics in the industry, but also we've got some really great product offerings. We've introduced a number of 
new products in this space, and we've won some designs there. We're ramping with new customers. A good example of 
that if you were at CES and you saw the saw the new VIZIO connected TV platform, a great example of really great 
products and really leveraging the capabilities of the products that we offer. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from Ruben Roy of Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Ruben Roy>: Hi, thanks. Scott, just to finish off on that connected TV comment, is their content in those TVs 
different from traditional TVs; i.e., do you have more silicon dollar content in connected TVs like the VIZIO? 

<A - Scott McGregor>: We have some. We certainly see some benefit because we've added things like Internet, 
Ethernet capability into those boxes, and also some stronger video capability. We've upgraded some of the CPUs a little 
bit. We believe that you need say 300 or 400 megahertz in single and dual-core CPUs to do capability like that. There 
was one competitor who is making a lot of noise about how you have to have these very high powered, expensive chips 
in there. And we can't quite understand that because we think you can do all this stuff like Adobe Flash and all these 
widgets and other things on very economically priced solutions. And so I'm a little surprised by that. But yes, we do see 
some improvement in our ASPs in the Internet connected TVs. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Craig Berger of FBR Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 


<Q - Craig Berger>: Hey guys, thanks for squeezing me in. Can you just help us understand without getting into too 
much specifics how big is your cellular business right now, and based on what you see with design wins and platform 
visibility, what that might be able to grow to exiting the year? 

<A - Scott McGregor>: We used to forecast that kind of stuff and we got burned doing that. So I'm going to decline to 
state that. We'll certainly talk about the business more as some of these major products begin to roll out. As we roll out 
with Nokia for example, we'll give a little more color on that business. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: When might some of those – can you tell us how big it is right now? 

<A - Scott McGregor>: No, we have a low single digit market share in the market right now, so not particularly large, 
although the number of phones we have is growing. We're shipping more 3G phones with Samsung and expect more to 
roll out. And then as certainly some of the other designs we're working on and as Nokia begins to roll out, we would 
expect that to move up significantly. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from Aalok Shah of D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Aalok Shah>: Hey Eric, two questions for you. I saw that you repatriated about 1.5 billion. How much more cash 
is left overseas and are there any tax consequence associated with that? 

<A - Eric Brandt>: We repatriated most of the cash, so there's a couple hundred million left overseas. The principal 
tax consequence is the burning of NOLs. So it burns about $1.5 billion worth of NOLs, a little less than that actually. 
And then the cash tax implications on that are minimal. And that's the result of having the NOLs and being able to 
bring the cash back at limited cash tax. Was there a second part to your question? 

<Q - Aalok Shah>: I think you said you'd ship to Nokia in 2009. Is that still on track? 

<A - Scott McGregor>: We have said that we would roll out with Nokia in 2009; and yes, that's on track. 

<Q - Aalok Shah>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from Dan Morris of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Daniel Morris>: Hi guys, just a quick question on the AMD DTV acquisition. Can you just give us an update on 
the accretion target for that acquisition and how much it will be dilutive in Q1? 

<A - Eric Brandt>: What we said was that our goal was to have it be EPS neutral by the end of next year – or end of 
this year, December 2009. I keep forgetting we're in 2009. And then if you look at the numbers we've given you in 
terms of the impact of that business, you can see that that business runs in the vicinity of – we said that we would – 
we're up 11, which meant our core business was down six. So you've got 15 for two months. So you can figure out 
you're close to a $20 million run rate on that business in terms of on a quarterly basis. So that gives you a picture on the 
expense side. 

We haven't broken out the revenue in terms of what we thought it was going to be. We said that we shipped I believe 
between 5 and 6 million in the one month we had the business. Obviously, that was a bit of a slowdown month – 
excuse me, the two months we had the business. But that gives you a picture of where it is. And then you'd have to net 
out the step-up effect. 

Operator 


And our next question comes from Steve Smigie of Raymond James. Please go ahead. 

<Q - J. Steven Smigie>: Great, thanks, a quick question. You mentioned the integration of the power amplifiers. My 
understanding was a year or so ago, there were some technical struggles with getting everything to work perfectly on 
that. I was curious if you could talk about your confidence in how well that's working now and also what customer 
interest you've seen in that? Thanks. 

<A - Scott McGregor>: When we first showed the product, we actually didn't tell people there were power amplifiers 
integrated into the product. We kept that stealthy because we wanted to run long-term studies and make sure it was all 
stable and so forth, but that all turned out quite well. And so in our wireless LAN and wireless LAN combo products, 
we do include the power amplifiers. So that's all working great and our customers use it. It saves them separate discrete 
parts on the board, pre-integrates it, and generally a very good solution. We don't see our competitors doing that 
generally. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from Suji De Silva of Kaufman Bros. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Suji De Silva>: Hi guys, two quick questions. First of all, you talked about the combo products being 10% by 
year end. What's going to be the shape of that ramp up? Will it be back-end loaded? And the second question is on the 
handset side, cellular. Is your R&D spend there stable or are you continuing to increase that? Thanks. 

<A - Eric Brandt>: The R&D spend on cellular is stable right now and we believe we have the team we need to ramp 
the products with our key customers. And so we expect that to stay stable roughly over the course of the year. Certainly 
as we were to bring on new customers or substantially new programs with existing customers, we might have to ramp 
for some support. But generally, we'll hold that resource steady until we start seeing some return from that investment. 

In terms of the ramp of the combo products, I'll give you one example. We're now shipping more combo FM than we 
are – I'm sorry, we expect over the course of this year to ship more combo products on FM and Bluetooth than 
Bluetooth standalone, so that's already crossing over. And then in the 4325 space, wireless LAN, that will take a little 
while, but that will ramp significantly over the course of the year. 

Operator 

And our last question comes from Betsy Van Hees of Caris & Company. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Betsy Van Hees>: Thanks for fitting me in. You mentioned in the past at your Analyst Day and at some 
conferences about taking opportunities with your cash and making some strategic acquisitions. I was wondering if you 
can give us a little bit of color around that and if you still have plans to do that this year. Thanks. 

<A - Eric Brandt>: We are always looking for additional technology to expand our business, to expand the 
technology, to expand our market share. I don't think the criteria we have used has changed. I think we're very 
interested in buying a business which brings a Broadcom type of team, which brings great technology et cetera. I think 
what's unique now is that those opportunities may in fact be somewhat more accretive than they have been in the past 
because of the value on the cash. 

So to give you a sense, I mean a year ago in Q4, we generated interest income probably 4X of what we're generating 
now. Now we do have about 20% less cash than we had then. But fundamentally, it's not generating that much interest. 
So what we really should be thinking about are ways to expand our business using our cash in ways that are both 
accretive to the technology, to revenue, and the bottom line of the business. And so I don't think what we do is 
different, but I do think that the opportunities that are in front of us may be different. And I think having the cash here 
in the US increases our flexibility to do things quickly if we want to. 


Scott A. McGregor, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Eric, and I'd like to thank everyone for joining us on the call this afternoon. And before we finally 
conclude, I'd like to reiterate a couple of points. One is that 2008 was a very strong year from a revenue and market 
share perspective. We reached new record revenue levels for the year and we dramatically outgrew the semiconductor 
market. We doubled – more than doubled EPS, excluding the one-time charges and generated about 920 million in cash 
flow from operations. 

As we look into 2009, the economy is certainly having a negative impact on our results, and we're reacting to that 
changing environment by shifting our focus from profitable growth to protecting cash flow while we invest in the 
product areas we think are going to gain share. We believe we are well positioned in this economic downturn with 
really great integrated products and a scalable business model. As a result, we see this economic slowdown as a longer 
term opportunity to emerge in an even stronger position at the end of this down cycle. 

With that, thank you and good afternoon. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


