Q2 2008 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Robert S. (Chip) Merritt, Investor Relations 
• Frank Baldino, Jr., Ph.D., Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
• Robert P. Roche, Jr., Executive Vice President, Worldwide Pharmaceutical Operations 
• J. Kevin Buchi, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Jim Birchenough 
• Donald Ellis 
• Bret Holley 
• Lesley Russell 
• Gregory Gilbert 
• Marc Goodman 
• David Windley 
• David Buck 
• Annabel Samimy 
• Gary Nachman 
• Eric Schmidt 
• Gerald Pappert 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day everyone, and welcome to the Cephalon Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is 
being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Chip Merritt, 
Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 

Robert S. (Chip) Merritt, Investor Relations 

Thank you. Today we will review Cephalon's financial performance for the second quarter of 2008. Before we begin, 
let me remind you that certain statements on this call may be forward-looking and are subject to risks and uncertainties 
associated with the company business. These statements may concern, among other things, guidance as to future 
revenues and earnings, operations, transactions, prospects, intellectual property, litigation, development of 
pharmaceutical products, clinical trials and potential approval of our product candidates. 

The company also may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures within the meaning of Regulation G during 
today's call. The information required by Regulation G is available in either the earnings press release or the Newsroom 
section of our website, at www.cephalon.com. 

Additional information and risk factors affecting the company's business and financial prospects and factors that would 
cause Cephalon's actual performance to vary from our current expectations is available in the company's current Form 
10-K on file with the SEC. 


During this call we will update full year 2008 guidance and introduce third quarter guidance. Please note that guidance 
will remain in effect unless the company provides subsequent modifications or updates. 

Our earnings press release is available on the Internet at www.cephalon.com. Investors with further questions should 
contact me at (610) 738-6376. This conference call is being webcast via the Cephalon homepage and will be archived 
for one week after the call. 

Speaking on today's call will be Dr. Frank Baldino, Chief Executive Officer; Bob Roche, Worldwide Pharmaceutical 
Operations, who will be dialing in from overseas; and Kevin Buchi, Chief Financial Officer. Also joining us today are 
Dr. Lesley Russell, Worldwide Medical and Regulatory Operations, who is also dialing in, and Jerry Pappert, who 
recently joined us as General Counsel. Jerry has enjoyed a distinguished career in law, including serving as 
Pennsylvania's Attorney General. Following remarks by Frank, Bob, and Kevin, we will be pleased to answer your 
questions. 

Now, Frank Baldino. 

Frank Baldino, Jr., Ph.D., Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Chip, and good afternoon, everyone. The second quarter was marked by two seminal events, the launch of 
TREANDA for the treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia or CLL and the issuance of a patent for AMRIX. You 
will hear a lot more about these two exciting products and the benefits they bring patients later in the call. 2008 is 
shaping up to be a terrific year for the company. 

In the second quarter, Cephalon delivered double-digit growth of both sales and adjusted net income compared to the 
second quarter of 2007. Sales for the second quarter of 2008 reached $485 million, with adjusted net income of 84.5 
million, both well above the high end of our guidance range. Cephalon stands apart from many publicly traded 
companies today. AMRIX and TREANDA together with a promising pipeline will be at the forefront of our growth for 
many years to come. 

I've asked Bob Roche to talk about the TREANDA launch to date. Bob? 

Robert P. Roche, Jr., Executive Vice President, Worldwide Pharmaceutical 
Operations 

Thanks, Frank. TREANDA really is off to a fantastic start. Our team did a great job of designing and building the 
infrastructure needed to support this product and effectively generate brand awareness. From this foundation, we were 
then able to quickly and successfully launch the product, with some patients receiving their first cycle of TREANDA 
just two weeks after approval. Strategically, the TREANDA CLL launch is built on a platform of unique product 
positioning, promotional activities and scientific exchange with the medical community. 

TREANDA's innovative positioning highlights its unique features and will ultimately establish the brand as a 
cornerstone of chemotherapy built on three differentiating features. Number one, the unique structure, synthesizing an 
alkylator group with a purine component with dual cell death effects from both apoptosis and non-apoptotic cell death 
processes. Number two, its proven efficacy with impressive overall response rate, progression-free survival and 
duration of response. And number three, a manageable side effect profile. 

Our marketing efforts have included a broad range of promotional activities and our sales team has focused on roughly 
4,000 institutions and 2,500 clinical accounts. In addition, our CLL satellite broadcast promotional presentation reached 
nearly 700 customers the month after launch. Over 60 physicians and 50 nurses have been trained to present 
TREANDA promotionally. And over 150 physician speaker programs have been completed within approximately 90 
days of launch, and another 100 are planned in the next several weeks. 


The bottom line for all these efforts has been a positive reception of TREANDA by physicians and their patients and 
over $14 million in second quarter sales with a very persistent upward trend. Moreover, in recent research, physicians 
report their expected use of TREANDA will increase substantially in the future. 

Apart from our promotional activities, opportunities for medical and scientific exchange with the medical community 
have been extensive. The medical science liaison team has conducted over 1,000 healthcare provider engagements to 
date, including over 100 interactions with the top cancer centers and over 300 with oncology thought leaders around the 
country. The medical information department has provided over 8,800 responses to requests for medical and scientific 
information from healthcare professional and patients about TREANDA. 

Early anecdotal feedback from the medical community and from our sales force is very encouraging. Let me share with 
you a quick story from a Philadelphia area oncologist who has just begun using TREANDA. This physician had a CLL 
patient who he had been managing for over 10 years. The patient had received numerous chemotherapy regimens as 
well as transplant therapy and was no longer responding. Having exhausted these treatment options, the physician 
started TREANDA therapy just over a month ago. 

Within this patient's first cycle, they were able to see an 80% reduction in lymphocyte count and increases in both 
platelets and red blood cells. Furthermore, the patient's spleen-related abdominal pain subsided and he was able to 
resume many activities of his daily routine. He just received the second cycle of therapy and is tolerating TREANDA 
very well. This is just one example of the stories we hear every week from physicians, and we couldn't be more excited 
about the differences that we are making in the lives of thousands of patients across the country. 

The enthusiasm in the medical community and the hard work from our team have combined to produce a very strong 
launch of this terrific new product. 

Frank, back to you. 

Frank Baldino, Jr., Ph.D., Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Bob. Continuing with TREANDA, in June the German StiL group consortium again presented interim data 
from their high profile study of TREANDA plus Rituxan versus CHOP plus Rituxan in frontline Non-Hodgkin's 
Lymphoma or NHL. Presented at the 10th International Conference on Malignant Lymphoma meeting in Switzerland, 
this data continued to show similar efficacy and improved side effect profile for TREANDA plus Rituxan versus the 
five-drug regimen. 

Also presented at this conference were positive data from four different studies utilizing TREANDA: in the treatment 
of B-cell indolent NHL, in combination with prednisone and VELCADE in advanced multiple myeloma, in 
combination with Rituxan in refractory CD20 B-cell lymphoma, and the comparative study versus Fludarabine in CLL. 

In July, the Journal of Clinical Oncology published results from our Phase II study of TREANDA in combination with 
Rituxan in patients with relapsed indolent B-cell and mantle cell Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma. We submitted this study 
as part of our NHL filing currently under consideration by FDA. 

In this study, the overall response rate to Rituxan and TREANDA was 92%. For the subset of patients who had never 
received treatment with Rituxan, the overall response rate was 100%. Additionally, the combination of TREANDA and 
Rituxan delivered a durable response with median progression-free survival of 23 months. 

On the reimbursement front, we mentioned on the last call the encouraging initial response from payers, with some 
plans adding TREANDA to their formulary coverage even before launch. In April the National Comprehensive Cancer 
Network, or NCCN, held a special meeting to update their compendium to include TRIANDA for the treatment of CLL 
and for the two types of NHL. 

In June, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services recognized the NCCN compendium as a mandated reference 
for establishment of coverage policy and coverage decisions regarding the use of drugs and biologics in cancer care. 
We see this as a testament to the utility of TREANDA and the way to help those who need to obtain access to 


treatment. We intend to maximize the full utility of TREANDA by securing additional FDA approved indications. Our 
nearest term opportunity is to secure approval of TREANDA for the treatment of relapsed indolent NHL patients. The 
FDA has accepted our new drug application for this indication and set an action date of October 31. 

In our clinical study, as a single agent TREANDA demonstrated durable objective response rates in patients who have 
progressed during or following treatment with Rituxan or a Rituxan-containing regimen. Data observed exceeded the 
hurdle rates required by the special protocol assessment and we anticipate a positive outcome by the end of October. 

We mentioned earlier the excitement surrounding the ongoing StiL group study. Later this year, we will begin our own 
Phase III 600-patient study comparing the combination of Rituxan and TREANDA versus Rituxan and standard 
chemotherapy, which can be either CHOP or CVP, in the treatment of frontline indolent NHL. We also have plans to 
begin two more studies in Phase IV. A 100-patient study of Rituxan plus TREANDA in relapsed CLL patients and a 
Phase I study combining VELCADE and TREANDA in refractory multiple myeloma patients. 

We believe that TREANDA may offer significant benefits for patients suffering from various types of cancer. Our 
continued research coupled with ongoing research in Germany should unlock the potential of TREANDA, creating new 
hope for patients, a valuable tool for oncologists and a growth driver for Cephalon. 

AMRIX continues its impressive growth as more and more patients are benefiting from this novel therapy. We receive 
consistent positive feedback from physicians about the benefits of AMRIX. Once-daily dosing, all-day efficacy and 
low rates of somnolence improve the quality of life of those patients suffering from painful musculoskeletal conditions. 

To give you a sense of physician feedback, here are a few quotes from recent market research. AMRIX is effective on 
patients who need it most. Evening dosing lets them get a good night's sleep when patients have reduced circulation. 
They wake up alert and without a hangover or drowsiness. AMRIX is unique, inventive, a new way of presenting 
something we're familiar with. It's the only thing that's long-acting. AMRIX has staying power. It's longer-lasting and 
powerful. It's a class act, well-packaged. I prescribe it for young professionals with acute pain who need to be active 
and alert. 

AMRIX became even more valuable to our stockholders on June 17th when the patent issued covering the unique 
formulation of the product utilizing extended release beads. The patent extends until 2025, providing us with the 
opportunity for many more years of AMRIX exclusivity. Accordingly, we will increase our marketing and sales 
support behind AMRIX to ensure its further success. Keep in mind the market for skeletomuscular relaxants is very 
large. There are over 45 million prescriptions written for muscle relaxants each year and AMRIX has only begun to 
scratch the surface. 

Going forward we plan to increase our marketing efforts around this product. We have just completed speaker training 
for over 200 physicians and we'll initiate a broad-reaching promotional speaker program in August. Over the next few 
months, we will increase our media outreach and journal publications and at conventions. And we will increase the 
maximum value of our co-pay coupons to make AMRIX more accessible to more patients. Due to strong sales for the 
year, we allocated for this additional spending without lowering our 2008 earnings guidance. 

On September 13, we expect to receive a complete response letter from the FDA concerning the FENTORA sNDA. We 
are working with the FDA and anticipate initiating our Covers program later this year. We expect Covers to be a first of 
its kind program initially intended to mitigate risks associated with the use of FENTORA. For FENTORA, it will link 
the three critical stakeholders: the treating physician, the pharmacist, and the patient, to help ensure the appropriate use 
of the products. We are excited about Covers because it has the potential to raise the bar in patient safety, provide 
confidence to physicians, and create a new risk minimization standard. Success with the Covers program will allow us 
the opportunity to gain FDA approval for an expanded label. 

In the CNS franchise, PROVIGIL set a new record with $234 million in sales for this quarter. Our next generation 
product, NUVIGIL, has the opportunity to expand the treatment indications beyond those for which PROVIGIL has 
been so effective. In order to seize this opportunity earlier, we have decided to move up the launch of NUVIGIL to the 
second half of 2009. We think that this timing provides a solid balance between our quest to maximize the market 
penetration of the product prior to generic modafinil entrance in 2012, while allowing for the flow of new clinical data 


to support the launch. Based on this new launch date, we will begin prelaunch activities later this year. 

We have already demonstrated that NUVIGIL requires less drug to produce similar effects than PROVIGIL. Moreover, 
NUVIGIL is effective throughout the day. These benefits highlight some of the advantages of this next generation 
wakefulness product. Our initial programs over the next four years will generate new clinical data that we believe will 
support new FDA-approved indications for NUVIGIL. 

A study in patients suffering from co-morbid obstructive sleep apnea and depression will conclude shortly, and we 
anticipate having promotional claims for this subset of our labeled indication by mid 2009. Imminently we will begin 
enrolling patients in a study examining the effects of NUVIGIL in subjects who suffer from jet lag disorder. If this 
study is positive, we plan to file an sNDA by the summer of 2009 with a potential new indication in 2010. This would 
mark the first acute indication for NUVIGIL and open our marketing efforts to a new group of treating physicians. 

By the end of this year, we will begin a study in patients who experience excessive sleepiness secondary to traumatic 
brain injury. This study could add another indication for NUVIGIL in 2011. 

Based on positive results from our Phase IIA study in the treatment of negative symptoms of schizophrenia, we are 
planning to start a larger Phase II study before the end of the year. If the study goes well, we could have an indication 
to treat the negative symptoms of schizophrenia during 2012. 

The Phase II bipolar depression study is on track to complete enrollment in the third quarter of this year. Additionally, 
we will be conducting a pilot study in cancer-related fatigue in the second half of 2008. 

We want to explore all the possible uses of NUVIGIL, enabling this product to grow our CNS franchise beyond the 
markets that PROVIGIL created. With a patent that doesn't expire till 2023, we have sufficient time to conduct the 
research needed to secure additional indications in new areas for benefit to even more patients. 

Cephalon's current product portfolio provides strong growth opportunities for the business for many years to come. In 
addition, our pipeline of drug candidates is stronger than ever. Lestaurtinib is a class leader among FLT3 selective 
tyrosine kinase inhibitors for patients with acute myeloid leukemia. We should complete enrollment of the 200-patient 
study later this year with a target to file an NDA in 2009 if the data is positive. 

CEP-701 also is an inhibitor of JAK2 pathway, which plays an important role in myeloproliferative disorders or MPD. 
Just last month, there was an exciting article published in Blood concluding that CEP-701 in clinically achievable 
concentrations inhibits proliferation in JAK2/STAT5 signaling in cells from patients with MPD and therefore holds 
promise as a therapeutic agent for patients with these disorders. We are currently in the Phase II study in MPD and 
anticipate completion in the second half of 2009. 

Two Phase I clinical programs currently underway include CEP-11981, a potent orally active VEGFR/TIE-2 inhibitor 
for the treatment of solid tumors, and CEP-18770, a proteasome inhibitor for the treatment of multiple myeloma. We 
anticipate completion of both these studies in 2009. 

Our tamper-resistant program continues to progress. We believe our technology could be applied to a number of opiates 
to help mitigate abuse and diversion of extended-release products and the dangerous effects of combining alcohol with 
these products. This platform technology is an important addition to our drug delivery business. 

In summary, we have a growing portfolio of unique products that are making a real difference in patients' lives. This 
year the growth of TREANDA and AMRIX provides us with a tremendous opportunity, specifically to leverage in the 
new AMRIX patent by investing further in the product and begin NUVIGIL pre-launch activities later this year, all 
within our current net income guidance. These investments today should have a significant and positive impact in 2009. 
With our growing presence in oncology, two successful recent product launches, a solid portfolio of improved products 
and product candidates, and a track record of M&A that is among the best in our space, I have never been more 
confident in our future. 

Now Kevin will discuss our financial performance during the period and provide guidance for the third quarter. 


J. Kevin Buchi, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Thank you, Frank. Today we released our second quarter 2008 financial results. We reported sales of $485 million, 
which is an 11% increase over the second quarter of 2007 and exceeds our previously issued guidance of 455 to $465 
million. This quarter marked our return to growth and our recovery from the loss of ACTIQ to generic competition, 
with basic adjusted net income of $84.5 million, a 12% increase over the second quarter of 2007. This resulted in basic 
adjusted income per common share of $1.25 compared to $1.14 a year ago, exceeding our previously issued guidance 
of $1.10 to $1.20. 

During the quarter, CNS franchise sales increased 9% from the second quarter of 2007, setting a record of $251.2 
million. Consistent with earnings, pain franchise sales hit an inflection point as year-over-year growth in sales 
increased 3% to $134.6 million. The continued decline in U.S. ACTIQ sales was more than offset by AMRIX and 
European ACTIQ sales. AMRIX sales surpassed the $1 million a week mark with $17.1 million for the quarter. 

Our oncology franchise is beginning to ramp with sales of $44.1 million, an increase of 86% over the second quarter of 
2007, due primarily to the launch of TREANDA, which recorded sales of $14.4 million, and continued growth of 
Myocet in Europe. Lastly, other sales were $55.1 million, a 10% increase over the same period last year. 

Our goal is to maintain distribution channel inventory levels of between 2 to 3 weeks for each of our key products. 
During the quarter, inventory levels decreased slightly, remaining near the low end of this range. Adjusted R&D in the 
second quarter of 2008 was largely unchanged from a year ago. SG&A increased $20.8 million in the second quarter of 
2008, primarily due to promotional spend for AMRIX, TREANDA launch costs and higher payments to Takeda 
associated with our PROVIGIL sales efforts. 

Our adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 34.6%. During the quarter there were several adjustments that were made to 
arrive at adjusted net income. We excluded $28.9 million associated with the ongoing amortization of intangibles and 
accelerated depreciation related to restructuring. We excluded $3.8 million associated with the estimate of accrued 
interest related to the agreement in principle with the U.S. Department of Justice and relevant federal agencies. We 
excluded $1.6 million associated with costs related to CIMA restructuring. We excluded $9.8 million to reflect the tax 
effect of these pre-tax adjustments. 

Over the past few years, we have developed a manufacturing process for the active pharmaceutical ingredient in 
NUVIGIL that is more cost-effective than our prior process of separating modafinil into armodafinil. We have 
contracted with a third-party manufacturer to produce NUVIGIL utilizing this new process. With this new process, we 
will significantly reduce our manufacturing costs for NUVIGIL and also reduce the future amount of modafinil we will 
need from our suppliers in our manufacturing facility in Mitry-Mory, France. 

As a result of these manufacturing plans and our decision to launch NUVIGIL in 2009, we currently are assessing the 
potential impact of these items in the context of our existing agreements to purchase modafinil and our facility. We 
hope to complete this analysis and update you next quarter on the potential accounting impact. 

Under our inventory purchase contracts, we have agreed to purchase minimum amounts of modafinil through 2012, 
with aggregate purchase commitments totaling $69.4 million as of June 30, 2008. At our manufacturing facility in 
Mitry-Mory, where we currently produced modafinil, we are considering all options, including potentially securing 
third-party manufacturing contracts to increase utilization of the plant or selling or closing the facility. As of June 30, 
2008, we had $44 million of property and equipment related to the Mitry-Mory facility included on our balance sheet. 

Based on our current outlook, we have again increased our 2008 sales guidance due to strong sales from our oncology 
franchise. Total sales guidance is now 1.86 to $1.91 billion. This increase is offset by increased investments in existing 
products. Our guidance for adjusted net income for the full year remains between 346 and 353 million, and our 
guidance for basic adjusted income per common share remains between $5.10 and $5.20, reflecting a basic share count 
assumption of 67.9 million shares outstanding. 

Guidance for the CNS franchise is between $975 million and $1 billion. The pain franchise is between 500 and $525 
million. Oncology is increased by $30 million to between 155 and $180 million. And our guidance for other product 


sales remains between 200 and $225 million. R&D and SG&A expenditures are targeted to be between 340 to $360 
million and 770 to $790 million, respectively. Our assumed tax rate for the year is approximately 35.5 to 36.5%. 

The company is introducing third quarter 2008 sales guidance of between 480 and $490 million, adjusted net income 
guidance of between 85 and $92 million, and basic adjusted net income per common share of between $1.25 and $1.35 
based upon 68 million shares outstanding and a tax rate of approximately 35.5 to 36.5%. 

I want to reiterate what Frank said earlier. 2008 is shaping up to be a terrific year for the company. Our earnings are 
strong, and we are going to leverage those earnings to increase our AMRIX marketing efforts and begin NUVIGIL 
prelaunch activities. These investments are commensurate with the potential that each of these products has and will 
bode well for future earnings. 

That concludes our opening remarks. We will now open this call to you and your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. We'll take our first question from Jim Birchenough with Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - Jim Birchenough>: Hi, guys. Congratulations on the quarter. I wanted to start off with a big picture question. 
And that is as you invest in AMRIX and TREANDA and in the launch of NUVIGIL, how do you balance that with 
longer term commitments to maintaining earnings growth? I think in the past you've suggested at least a 20% earnings 
CAGR over the longer term. With these investments, do you still think you can maintain that type of earnings growth? 

<A - Frank Baldino, Jr.>: Well, Jim, thanks for the kind words. I appreciate it. I think, yes, we're blessed with this 
wonderful opportunity of having three drugs really in launch mode, and launching NUVIGIL next year. And although 
it's a great opportunity, it's also a challenge to maintain our earnings profile going forward. I think we can do that. We 
were able to invest AMRIX and prelaunch activities for NUVIGIL this year without changing guidance. We're pretty 
happy about how we managed through that process and where we are. 

We haven't given guidance for '09 yet. We will on the next conference call at the end of our third quarter. We expect 
'09 to be a great year. And I think Kevin touched on it in his comments, and a great year to us means continued growth 
in both sales and earnings. So, I think we can do it. I don't think I can be more specific than that at this time, but I'm 
pretty sure we'll be on track to meet expectations in the years ahead. 

<Q - Jim Birchenough>: And then maybe just one more question for Bob, just on TREANDA. Just wondering, Bob, 
if we could get an update on what the run rate was coming out of the quarter in TREANDA sales, if you had the last 
week of sales? And as well, what breakdown you're seeing between CLL on-label and then off-label NHL use? 

<A - Robert Roche, Jr.>: Hi, Jim, thanks very much. With regards to specific weekly sales data, we're not providing 
that kind of information right at this point in time. Suffice to say that we are very pleased with the ex-factory sales 
trend that we are seeing, 14 million plus in the first quarter of actual launch activity was well beyond our expectations, 
and I think beyond yours as well. And we're seeing great things for the product moving forward. 

<A - Frank Baldino, Jr.>: Jim, just so you know, and Bob hasn't seen this yet, but today IMS number was published 
for TREANDA, effective end of June. For that month, the number was $6 million. 

<Q - Jim Birchenough>: Great. Well, thanks for taking the questions. 

<A - Robert Roche, Jr.>: Thanks, Jim. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Donald Ellis with Thomas Weisel Partners. 


<Q - Donald Ellis>: Thank you. I just have a quick question for Kevin on TREANDA. Of that 14.4 million in the 
quarter, can you help us understand how much of that might have been stocking versus pull-through? 

<A - J. Kevin Buchi>: Yes, no problem. I mean based upon the information we receive from wholesalers, we believe 
we had about $2.4 million of inventory at wholesale at the end of the quarter. So about 12 was pull-through. 

<Q - Donald Ellis>: Okay, that's terrific. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Bret Holley with Oppenheimer. 

<Q - Bret Holley>: Hi. Yes, I had a question, maybe I missed this. So, what kind of data can we expect at ASH 
[American Society of Hematology] for TREANDA? Did you go through that? And could we expect final data from the 
German Phase III frontline non-Hodgkin's trial? 

<A - Frank Baldino, Jr.>: I don't have an answer to that. Lesley, do you know anything about that? 

<A - Lesley Russell>: I believe that they are planning on submitting an abstract on an update. It still won't be final data 
because this is a first-line study, so median progression-free survival should be in the years. But I believe that Professor 
Rummel is planning to submit an update. 

<Q - Bret Holley>: And that's the only data that we should expect at ASH? 

<A - Lesley Russell>: That's the big data we should expect at ASH. There may be some smaller studies presented. We 
ourselves are not presenting anything at ASH. 

<Q - Bret Holley>: Okay. Then one other question I had, I guess this is for Frank. You said that success with the 
Covers program for FENTORA will help gain FDA approval. How are you defining success? How is that being 
measured and what kind of discussion has occurred between this company and the FDA? 

<A - Frank Baldino, Jr.>: Well, I think a couple of things and maybe we will have Lesley comment a bit on this as 
well. There is no standard for the FDA. They have no established guidelines to determining what is deemed to be an 
effective risk management strategy and what isn't. Our goal is to ensure safe and effective use of FENTORA in the 
patient populations indicated for it. If we can demonstrate that effectively, I think we will be in really good shape, and 
really good shape to me means we will be able to pursue a broader label for FENTORA as we thought we would be 
doing. And also I think for the larger goal of ensuring patient safety for rapid onset opiates in general, I think this could 
be a new standard for all of that. And I think that will help us and help the patients and physicians at the same time. So 
that's the 30,000 foot comment. Lesley, do you want to add anything to that? 

<A - Lesley Russell>: Very little, I think. I think as you heard at the advisory committee meeting, I think the two major 
concerns for a product like FENTORA were using opioid non-tolerant patients and the abuse and diversion. I think for 
me anyway, the success of Covers will be defined by significantly reducing and ensuring that patients are opioid 
tolerant and sort of serving to prevent use in inappropriate patients or opioid non-tolerant patients. I think that that's the 
goal of Covers and that's what we would really like to see and I think that would be a success for the program. 

<Q - Bret Holley>: Okay, thanks very much for taking the questions. 

Operator 

We will take our next question from Greg Gilbert with Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Gregory Gilbert>: Thanks, good afternoon. Lesley, can you describe the clinical studies and their timelines that 
will support those promotional claims that you expect to have by mid '09 for NUVIGIL? And I assume that's a process 


gated by DDMAC. Is that correct? 

<A - Lesley Russell>: Certainly the promotional pieces will be reviewed by DDMAC, yes. And the actual study is the 
use of NUVIGIL in patients with OSA and CPAP who also have comorbid depression. And the purpose of the study is 
twofold. One is to show that the drug works in that population and the other is to ensure that there is no safety issues 
with a depressed population. So, the purpose of the study is twofold and that would be a promotional claim. 

The other study, which will also or should be available at the time of launch, is more showing mechanism and site of 
action. I think if you're familiar with the PROVIGIL label there's pictures of cat brains showing site of action of 
PROVIGIL, and the goal for NUVIGIL is to replace those cat brain pictures with human brain pictures. And be able to 
show in a more relevant population where NUVIGIL works, the site of action in the brain, and hope to be able to say 
more about the mechanism of action. So those are the goals of the program, which we will have available at the time of 
launch. 

<Q - Gregory Gilbert>: And Frank, I know you are not giving '09 guidance, but should we assume that Tekada will 
not be helping you launch this product? And if not what are your thoughts at this stage as to whether additional feet on 
the street or other partnerships will be required? 

<A - Frank Baldino, Jr.>: I'm still laughing at Lesley's comment about humans being a more relevant population than 
cats. That was great, Lesley. Yes, the Tekada deal terms out as planned in the middle of '09, so Tekada will not be a 
part of the NUVIGIL launch. We'll be more forthcoming certainly at the end of next quarter's call when we do give 
guidance for '09 of what the launch plans are for NUVIGIL going forward and how that relates to our ability to sell 
both, new NUVIGIL and AMRIX, to a larger audience. So, you will see all that coming during the next quarter 
conference call. 

<Q - Gregory Gilbert>: And one more for Lesley. Can you characterize your interaction with the FDA on the Covers 
program? And do you think the PDUFA date for FENTORA could be pushed back to allow more time for that 
interaction? 

<A - Lesley Russell>: You never know now, and I think you heard John Jenkins announce that he was giving the 
division permission to push back PDUFA action date. I think in all honesty this one is relatively straightforward. We do 
anticipate with the new guidelines, a complete response letter, which I think will outline what we need to do from a risk 
management perspective. Our interactions with the agency remain very amicable. They know that we're committed to 
updating and revising and enhancing the risk management plan in the form of a REMS, and we are still committed to 
do that. 

<Q - Gregory Gilbert>: And one last one for Kevin. To what extent will the AMRIX couponing program reduce net 
selling price there? Thanks. 

<A - J. Kevin Buchi>: I wouldn't expect it to be a hugely material change, and of course, it is factored into our 
guidance. 

<Q - Gregory Gilbert>: Thanks. 

Operator 

We will take our next question from Marc Goodman with Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: Frank or Kevin, can you help me understand what will change in SG&A in 2009? And 
obviously, you're adding 30 million here to this year. I understand part of it is NUVIGIL and part of it is AMRIX. So 
are we going to have another increase in sales and promotion expenses that's pretty dramatic for both products again 
next year? Are we are pulling some of that spending into this year, such that it won't be as big? And we obviously have 
to have more sales reps, so can you address any of that at all? 


<A - Frank Baldino, Jr.>: Hi Marc, this is Frank. Before Kevin gives you some detail on that, because it's a really 
good question, I think when you look forward at the opportunity to bring AMRIX, now that we have a patent issued of 
course, we're going to have this thing for a long, long time. So the opportunity to bring that to a larger and wider 
audience is important. And NUVIGIL has to be launched to an audience at least as large as the one we're launching, 
we're selling PROVIGIL into today. And as the labels expand for NUVIGIL, and we have plan to do that every year 
going forward for the next three to four years, we're going to have to bring it to increasingly larger audiences. 

So we're looking at this as a real interesting opportunity to put together a commercial sales force that can address a 
larger and broader audience for both products at the same time. Remember today, that Takeda is carrying PROVIGIL 
to the primary care audience, and only PROVIGIL, and we are carrying through ourselves and through our contract 
sales organization, inVentiv, AMRIX to a primary care audience. It's a tremendous opportunity going forward to have a 
sales force that brings both AMRIX and NUVIGIL to a larger audience. That's something we haven't had the 
opportunity to do in the past and we will be doing that going forward. Now, that's a 30,000 foot comment. Kevin, you 
want to add some color to that? 

<A - J. Kevin Buchi>: Yes, I'll bring you down to about 29,000 feet. As you know, as Frank mentioned, the Takeda 
sales effort will be going away middle of 2009. So we will be saving money on Takeda in the second half of 2009. 
That's logically going to be offset, because as Frank said, we need to replace those details and we need to detail 
NUVIGIL in a launch setting and we need to continue to sell AMRIX. We expect to have revenue growth in 2009. I 
think that goes without saying. And Frank has been pretty consistent I think in saying that we would like to have a 
target of growing bottom line earnings at a 15 to 20% rate over the next several years. And so we're not backing away 
from that, and we would very much like to be able to meet that target. Having said that, we need to finalize our 
budgets, we need to finalize our plans. And we will be presenting you with detail behind our objectives and our 
guidance for 2009 on the next earnings call. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: Perfect. And on AMRIX, can you just help us, how much was inventory in the quarter or 
maybe you can help us with what the price per script is? Because it seemed like it was little higher than what I thought 
it was going to be. 

<A - J. Kevin Buchi>: Yes, I can give you what we believe the inventory number to be. We have AMRIX inventory 
end of the quarter, as reported to us by wholesalers, and I say that with that proviso, of around $3 million. So the 
pull-through was the remainder. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: What price per script should we be using for that? 

<A - J. Kevin Buchi>: I would use around $210. That's the number we've been seeing based on IMS data. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: Thanks. 

Operator 

And we will take our next question from Dave Windley with Jefferies & Company. 

<Q - David Windley>: Hi, thanks. A couple small ones. On the sales increase, was there any FX effect in the quarter 
and was there any FX effect that factors into the sales increase? 

<A - J. Kevin Buchi>: The dollar has been weakening versus last year, and so there was some. It's about 6% increased 
weakness on the dollar strength of the Euro versus last year. And so of the roughly $100 million that was reported by 
the European segment, probably roundly, 6 of that came from exchange. 

<Q - David Windley>: Okay. On the cash flow statement, Kevin, you have a investment in third-party, small line, 
wondered if you could add some color to that, what that was? 

<A - J. Kevin Buchi>: I believe, if memory serves me correctly, that was the Accusere investment. 


<Q - David Windley>: Okay, thank you very much. 

Operator 

We will take our next question from David Buck with Buckingham Research. 

<Q - David Buck>: Hi, yes, thanks. A couple of small questions. First, for Frank, can you just talk about your 
understanding of what the next step is in terms of Covers, moving that to ACTIQ, and when you understand the 
expiration of your obligation to supply ACTIQ to Barr to be? And then I have a follow-up. 

<A - Frank Baldino, Jr.>: Well, on the Covers program, it's our expectation that the agency will ask us to apply 
Covers to ACTIQ as well. We think that's the right thing to do for patients and we are looking forward to doing that. 
We also believe Covers will be a mandated application to all rapid onset opiates. So, we think it's an important safety 
feature to add to the mix of this class of product, and like I said, we expect the agency to require it, but we're happy to 
do it. Your second question, can you remind me what the second was? 

<Q - David Buck>: What's your understanding of what your obligation is to supply a generic version of ACTIQ? 

<A - Frank Baldino, Jr.>: I don't know, the contract says we have to supply Barr through September of 2009 and we 
expect to meet our obligations. 

<Q - David Buck>: Okay. And on TREANDA what's the current status of patent applications and expectations for 
being able to get the patent around TREANDA? 

<A - Frank Baldino, Jr.>: I think with TREANDA we are working hard to try to extend the intellectual property 
around that, or the exclusivity I should say around that. Our efforts are focused on manufacturing processes, polymorph 
processes and the like. Of course, composition of matter is no longer available for us in that regard, so, we are working 
hard on it and we will keep you posted. 

<Q - David Buck>: Is there anything that's set to file this year? 

<A - Frank Baldino, Jr.>: No. 

<Q - David Buck>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

We will take our next question from Annabel Samimy with UBS. 

<Q - Annabel Samimy>: Hi, thanks for taking my call, great quarter. I have a question, I guess it's a broader question, 
what was behind your thinking of moving the launch of NUVIGIL forward without the actual label expansion but 
rather just approaching it with promotional marketing material or promotional studies? 

<A - Frank Baldino, Jr.>: Well, first of all, the data in those promotionals, don't forget, is promotional claims. There 
is data in those claims that is valuable especially – populations of patients with OSA that are depressed, which we think 
is a large population. So I think that's very important. But I think we've spoken in the past about the strategy here. I 
think there is a balance that you have to achieve. You want as much time as possible to launch the drug but you want as 
much differentiation as possible between the two drugs and that crossover point to us occurred in mid 2009. And that's 
really what our decision was based on. But don't think for a minute this is just a marketing ploy in 2009. This is based 
on data, data on the new population of patients that have OSA and depression and comorbid states and we think it will 
have a meaningful impact on that population. 

<Q - Annabel Samimy>: Okay. And, in terms of your pricing strategy around PROVIGIL do you still have intentions 
of taking price increases on PROVIGIL either this year or next? 


<A - Frank Baldino, Jr.>: Well you know, it's always difficult and complicated to talk about pricing strategy. I think 
suffice to say, our history on pricing is pretty clear. You can look back and see what we have done with PROVIGIL 
over the years. And, of course, we would like to get the economics aligned properly around NUVIGIL going forward. 
We've been pretty public around that. So, I would suspect at the time of the NUVIGIL launch that NUVIGIL will be 
available at a lower price than PROVIGIL. I think you could put it altogether from that. 

<Q - Annabel Samimy>: Okay. And just quickly on the RiskMAP and the Covers and the FDA requirements, do you 
have any change to your expectations of other generics coming in? Does this RiskMAP make it harder for generics and 
how do you feel about some of these other rapid acting or breakthrough pain products? 

<A - Frank Baldino, Jr.>: Well, I will let Lesley talk about the regulations around the RiskMAP. I think, this is 
something that's important to do. This is a population of folks, especially with the fentanyl population of rapid onset 
opioids that's been problematic to manage from a safety perspective. Going back to Duragesic launch days with J&J 
[Johnson & Johnson], about 15 years ago, there's issues of safety there, and it comes right up to the current date with 
FENTORA. We think Covers is something that's going to be applied and helpful to the patients and the generics will 
have to use it too. How they do that is not so obvious to us, but it's certainly not something that's just going to be 
applied to one product in this space. Our estimation is it will be applied to all products in the space equally. 

<Q - Annabel Samimy>: Okay. And just one last question on that. 

<A - Frank Baldino, Jr.>: And maybe Lesley will answer your first part. Lesley, she is asking about the existing 
regulations on RiskMAPs. 

<A - Lesley Russell>: Well, I think the regulations are changing, so that all new products will certainly be asked for a 
more comprehensive risk management program in the forms of a REMS or the Risk Evaluation Mitigation Strategy. I 
think Frank covered most of it. It seems illogical to me to only put one fentanyl product under a program that includes a 
registration type system – they all have the same risk. So my guess is, actually my firm belief is that all fentanyl-based 
products, the new ones coming on, including ACTIQ, will be required to do some form of risk management plan along 
the lines that we've alluded to, including a system like Covers. 

<Q - Annabel Samimy>: And that includes generics as well? 

<A - Lesley Russell>: I believe so. I mean I think the closest example is the iPLEDGE program for Roaccutane, where 
all the generics had to do the same thing. 

<Q - Annabel Samimy>: Okay. 

<A - Lesley Russell>: So, it would make sense for it to be the same here. 

<Q - Annabel Samimy>: And do they have the means for implementing these programs? 

<A - Lesley Russell>: Sorry, I missed you. 

<Q - Annabel Samimy>: Do they have the means for implementing these programs? 

<A - Lesley Russell>: I can't answer you that. I think that if they don't have the means, they would probably need to 
acquire them. 

<Q - Annabel Samimy>: And then just one last question, after your contract is up with Barr December '09, then what? 
Does Barr need to create their own product? 

<A - Frank Baldino, Jr.>: I think under the contracts – this is Frank again – we're obliged to supply Barr with product 
to a certain date, which is September 2009, and after that they are supposed to be doing it on their own. 

<Q - Annabel Samimy>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 


We will take our next question from Gary Nachman with Leerink Swann. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Hi, good afternoon. First question is PROVIGIL. The RXs seem to have stabilized somewhat 
recently. Have you guys done anything differently with the sales force promoting that product or have things stayed 
relatively the same? 

<A - Frank Baldino, Jr.>: I think the sales force over the last year has done great things in recovering from the impact 
of the Justice Department issue that we had. I think you know, the pendulum of course swings the most conservative 
way after something like that happens, and I think now we are in a period where they have more confidence in doing 
the right things the right way and they are doing it with being very aggressive in how they are approaching the 
marketplace like that. So, I think what you're seeing is just a more confident sales force selling a drug that they've long 
understood and are very confident in. Bob, you want to add to that all? 

<A - Robert Roche, Jr.>: Yes, Gary, thanks for the question. I think another key element to that is focus and 
consistency. And really since early in 2007, we've been really focusing on the OSA message as the only promotional 
platform and the only promotional message which the sales force has been asked to deliver. And I think we've come up 
with some very good, very positive promotional programs. We've got a terrific sales management team in place. We 
have a highly motivated and I think largely recovered, if you will, group of individuals who recognize that they've got a 
fabulous drug in their hand and the one they've got to continue to build aggressively in the run-up to the launch of 
NUVIGIL. 

So there is lot of excitement out there. The halo effect of a new great drug like AMRIX helps to bring everybody's 
focus back together. And I think what you are seeing and what we are very pleased too to see ourselves is kind of a 
slowing in that – would appear to be a decline from the middle of last year and who knows, perhaps a rebound to 
growth through the end of the 2008 and early into 2009. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Will some of your incremental spend this year be dedicated to PROVIGIL to try and increase 
supply a little bit so that when NUVIGIL comes on the whole market is a little bit bigger than where it was? 

<A - Robert Roche, Jr.>: Well, one of the key factors that have positively influenced product evolution from a parent 
compound to a follow-on compound, Valpran, Lexapro, for example, has a been a strong, robust, parent compound. 
And PROVIGIL if we are able to at least maintain and hopefully build into 2009 will I think give us just the platform 
we need to jump off with a very successful launch of NUVIGIL in the middle of next year. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Okay. And for AMRIX, thinking of the incremental expense to that product, will you 
potentially add more sales reps this year? And how are the new CSO reps going, and I guess would you guys consider 
DTC for that product? 

<A - Robert Roche, Jr.>: Yes. We are not intending to bring new salespeople on in 2008. We believe that in early 
2009, given the multiple opportunities that we have with AMRIX, PROVIGIL and the run-up to NUVIGIL and the 
pain care franchise, and keep in mind, that AMRIX is promoted both by the CNS and the pain care organizations, that 
we will be able to build our sales infrastructure and create the kind of launch platform for NUVIGIL and the kind of 
continued support infrastructure for AMRIX that will drive both these drugs to continued success. 

With regards inVentiv per se, they're doing a terrific job, and we see that organization as one which we will likely 
continue to work very closely with and could even consider building as a resource as the Takeda deal kind of goes 
away in the middle of next year. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Okay. One quick one on TREANDA, what are the average number of vials that patients are 
getting treated with, I guess in terms of the average dose per day in each cycle? Do you have that information that you 
can share? 

<A - Frank Baldino, Jr.>: Yes, we're getting it as we speak here. Why don't you hold on one second? 

<A - Robert Roche, Jr.>: Two vials on day one and two vials on day two of a 28-day cycle. 


<Q - Gary Nachman>: Okay. So it's similar to what was done... 

<A - Robert Roche, Jr.>: For the average weight patient. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Excuse me? 

<A - Robert Roche, Jr.>: For the average weight patient. You may have someone who is particularly large who might 
get more, but by and large most patients will get two vials on day one and two vials on day two. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Okay. So it's similar to what was done in the clinical study? 

<A - Robert Roche, Jr.>: Correct. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Okay. Then last question also on the Covers program, just a follow-up, how do you guys think 
that that will affect the run rate of FENTORA and ACTIQ in terms of being more restrictive? And if you implement it 
by the end of the year, it probably won't impact as much in 2008, but just generally speaking would you expect declines 
in demand next year or do you think you could still get growth out of that franchise in 2009? 

<A - Frank Baldino, Jr.>: I think the premise of the question is really one that I think about. We see Covers as an 
opportunity. We're looking at Covers as a chance for us for the first time to approach all three stakeholders in the 
equation and we it see as an opportunity to get more confidence in the prescribing habits of physicians for fentanyl 
products. Fentanyl is one of those drugs where if you don't know what you're doing you're going to run into trouble and 
physicians have been afraid to use it by and large. 

So we think that Covers will bring more confidence to it. I think our ability to interact with pharmacists and physicians 
alike and get the patients trained properly is an opportunity. And the big opportunity of course is the success of that 
which Lesley laid out, what that would take, is it is going to bring a more expanded label to FENTORA and more sales 
in the future. So we don't see it as a retardant on growth; we see it as something that's going to give us more 
opportunity and also a broader label in the long run. 

<Q - Gary Nachman>: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks. 

Operator 

And, ladies and gentlemen, we have time for one final question today. It does come from Eric Schmidt with Cowen and 
Company. 

<Q - Eric Schmidt>: Well, thanks for taking my call. Maybe someone could address the FENTORA patent challenges 
that you've received in the last couple of months and your conviction in that intellectual property? 

<A - Frank Baldino, Jr.>: Well, Eric, I'm going to let Jerry answer the questions. I will come back to you with my 
convictions. 

<A - Gerald Pappert>: What I will say Eric, is obviously as you know both Watson and Barr filed ANDAs and we 
have filed suit versus both of them to protect our intellectual property and we fully intend to prevail in these disputes. 

<A - Frank Baldino, Jr.>: As far as convictions go, Eric, I think we don't go lightly into this space. We've had very 
strong patents filed. They're unique and we think we have a very, very strong case to prevail here. So this is part of the 
new course of doing business in pharmaceuticals. File PADS you get drugs on the market, ANDAs get filed. The good 
news with us is that we've been able to prevail and keep our products for a very long time. 

<Q - Eric Schmidt>: And since you've received your AMRIX patent, have you been made aware of any Paragraph 3 
filings there? 

<A - Frank Baldino, Jr.>: None to date. Everybody calls it AMRIX; we call it AMRIX here. 

<Q - Eric Schmidt>: Must be the Philadelphia accent. 


<A - Frank Baldino, Jr.>: The New York accent. 

<Q - Eric Schmidt>: Last question, just on the guidance for the pain franchise. Am I now to assume that no generic 
ACTIQ is contemplated in that guidance versus prior expectations for potentially something to happen around mid 
year? 

<A - J. Kevin Buchi>: Yes, that's right, Eric. To the extent that we are still not seeing anything, we are still not hearing 
any new information, we've pushed that out. So, we are assuming at this point in time that there will not be another 
generic in our guidance. 

<Q - Eric Schmidt>: And congrats, thanks. Congrats on the quarter and thanks for the question. 

<A - Frank Baldino, Jr.>: Thanks, Eric. 

<A - J. Kevin Buchi>: Thanks, take care of yourself. 

<A - Gerald Pappert>: Thank you. 

Robert S. (Chip) Merritt, Investor Relations 

Thank you all for joining us today, and that concludes today's call. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may 
disconnect at this time. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


