Q3 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Marc G. Naughton, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Michael G. Valentine, Executive Vice President, Client Organization 
• Earl H. "Trace" Devanny, III, President 
• Jeffrey A. Townsend, Executive Vice President and Chief of Staff 
• Earl Devanny, III 
• Neal Patterson, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Sean Wieland 
• Atif Rahim 
• Richard Close 
• Charles Rhyee 
• Steve Halper 
• Anthony Vendetti 
• Sandy Draper 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Welcome to Cerner Corporation's Third Quarter 2009 Conference call. Today's date is October 28, 2009, and this call is 
being recorded. The Company has asked me to remind you that various remarks made here today by Cerner's 
management about future expectations, plans, perspectives and prospects constitute forward-looking statements for the 
purpose of the Safe Harbor provision of the Security and Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 

Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements. Additional information 
concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward-looking statements may be 
found under the heading Risk Factors, under Item 1A in Cerner's Form 10-K, together with other reports that are on file 
with the SEC. 

At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Marc Naughton, Chief Financial Officer of Cerner's Corporation. You 
may proceed, sir. 

Marc G. Naughton, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Josh. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to the call. I will lead off with a review of the numbers. Mike 
Valentine, Executive Vice President of our Worldwide Client Organization will follow me with sales and operational 
highlights and marketplace trends. Then Trace Devanny, our President will discuss our global business and provide 
[audio gap] Stimulus opportunity and our physician practice strategy. 

Trace will be followed by Jeff Townsend, Executive Vice President and Chief of Staff who will provide an update on 
our uCern initiative and discuss our vision for a new middle in healthcare. Neal Patterson our Chairman and CEO will 
join us for Q&A. 


Now, I'll turn to our results. Overall, we delivered solid results in what remained a challenging environment. Our 
bookings were strong and above our targeted range with upside driven by some initial benefit from the Stimulus and 
our new Cerner IT Works initiative. 

The strength of our bookings didn't translate directly to our income statement as the bookings upside was related to 
services that don't have large upfront revenue recognition. As a result, our revenue was at the low end of our guidance 
range reflecting some continued impact of thechallenging economy, particularly on items that require an upfront capital 
outlay. 

Earnings were again in our expected range largely driven by continued cost control. Our cash flow performance was 
strong, putting us on pace to exceed our full year free cash flow target. 

Looking ahead we are encouraged by the significant opportunity associated with the Stimulus that is showing up in our 
leading indicators, including a very strong Q4 forecast, that includes record booking levels and strong sequential 
income statement performance. 

Moving to the details, our total bookings revenue in Q3 was 424 million, which was above the high end of our 
guidance range and up 11% over last year. Our total backlog increased 13% year-over-year and ended the quarter at 

3.85 billion 
Contract revenue backlog ended the quarter at 3.25 billion which is 15% higher than a year ago. 

Support revenue backlog was 604 million, up 6% year-over-year. Our revenue in the quarter was 409.4 million, which 
is up 1% sequentially and down 3% compared to Q3 '08 levels due to the challenging environment and a tough 
comparable. The revenue composition for Q3 was 118 million in system sales, 122 million in support and maintenance, 
162 million in services and 7 million in reimbursed travel. 

System sales revenue was up 4% compared to Q2, but down 14% compared to Q3 '08, driven by a decline in 
technology resale and software. Note that Q3 '08 was our strongest software quarter of 2008 due to strong global sales, 
so it presented our toughest comparable on a year-over-year basis. 

Looking at sequential trends, our software is basically flat from Q2, and we had a sequential increase in technology 
resale, leaving to total system sales increasing by 4 million as compared to Q2. While the market remained challenging 
in Q3, our forecast for Q4 suggests a significant sequential improvement. 

Services revenue which includes managed services and professional services was up 3% compared to the year ago 
quarter with the decline in professional services being offset by continued strong managed services growth. 

The decline in professional services is the result of lower billable head count in the U.S., lower services revenue in the 
U.K., and the overall challenging economic environment. However, our outlook for professional services has improved 
for next year, with Stimulus driven services demand showing up in our bookings and forecast. 

Our support and maintenance revenue increased 3% over Q3 '08, and was down 1.5 million or 1% sequentially. I would 
note that support and maintenance revenue is up 10% year-to-date. The sequential decline was primarily driven by 
shifting some revenue that was previously treated as support to professional services as part of our transition to working 
with BT instead of Fujitsu in the southern region of England. This shift does not impact the overall economics of the 
contract. 

Support and maintenance revenue growth has been impacted by lower levels of hardware maintenance revenue related 
to lower levels of technology resale with many existing clients on hardware support switching to our hosting option. 
Additionally, most of our support contracts tie annual increases to inflation, so there have not been increases this year. 

Looking at revenue by geographic segment, our domestic revenue increased by 2% to 339 million and our global 
revenue declined by 23% to 71 million. As we previewed last quarter, our global revenue was a very tough comparable 
this quarter due primarily with the large Middle East contracts signed in Q3 '08. Q4 '09 will also face a tough 
comparable due to the 29 million U.K. catch-up in Q4 '08. 


While these comparables and a challenging global economy have impacted our global growth this year, we maintain a 
very positive long-term global outlook and expect to return to solid growth next year. 

Moving to gross margin, our gross margin for Q3 was 83.0%, which is basically flat year-over-year and sequentially. 
Our system sales margin was 540 basis points year-over-year and 320 basis points sequentially to 59.5%. The 
year-over-year decline is due to the lower software compare to Q3 '08. The sequential decline is due to the increased 
mix of technology resale as compared to Q2 '09. 

Looking at operating expenses and earnings, we have continued to prudently control expenses in this challenging 
environment. In Q3, our operating expenses were 264.5 million before options expense of 4.7 million. This is down 5% 
compared to the year-ago period and 1% sequentially. 

Looking at the expense categories, sales and client service expenses were down eight million 

or 4% compared to Q3 '08 and basically flat compared to Q2 '09. The year-over-year decline is primarily due to lower 
professional services expense. Software development expense was down two million or 2% year-over-year reflecting 
our ongoing focus on controlling R&D expenses. 

Software development expense was up slightly sequentially due to an increase in amortization expense which I'll 
discuss in a moment. G&A expense was down five million or 14% compared to a year-ago and down three million or 
9% compared to Q2 '09. However, note that both comparable periods had foreign currency losses that increased 
expenses with Q3 '08 including a $5.6 million loss and Q2 '09 a $1.6 million loss. This compared to a minimal impact 
of the $30,000 gain this quarter. Therefore, G&A expense is basically flat year-over-year and sequentially after 
adjusting out the FX losses. 

Moving to operating margins, our operating margin in Q3 was 18.4% before options expense, which is up 150 basis 
points compared to last year and a 110 basis points compared to Q2 '09. We maintain the goal of exiting 2009 with 
operating margins around 20% and achieving 20% operating margins for the full 2010. 

Moving to earnings and EPS, our GAAP net earnings in Q3 were 48.4 million or $0.57 per share diluted. GAAP net 
earnings included stock option expense which had a net impact on earnings of 2.9 million or $0.04 per share. Adjusted 
net earnings were 51.3 million and adjusted EPS was $0.61. 

Our tax rate was 32.1%, which is about 1.5% below our projected level due primarily to the release of an unrecognized 
tax benefit. The lower tax rate benefited our earnings by about 1.2 million or a penny. 

Now, I'll move to our balance sheet. We ended Q3 with 436 million of cash and short-term investments. We also have 
95 million of auction rate securities, which is down from 99 million last quarter due to four million of redemptions. Our 
total debt was 144 million. 

Total accounts receivable ended Q3 at 470 million, which is up 25 million from Q1. Contracts receivable or the 
unbilled portion of receivables was 165 million, which represents 35% of total receivables compared to 32% in Q2. 
Cash collections in Q3 were 410 million with third party financings of 21 million. 

Our DSO in Q3 was 105 days which is up from 100 days in Q2. Note that our balance sheet still reflects billed and 
unbilled receivables related to the Fujitsu contract that represent over 10% of total receivables. While we still do not 
know the exact timing of when Fujitsu and the government will unwind their contract allowing us to finalize either with 
Fujitsu, we currently expect to fully collect those receivables. However, they have a negative impact on DSOs in the 
meantime. 

In addition to the impact of Fujitsu receivables, our DSO this year has been impacted by the economy. We are not 
having issues with collectability of receivables but are seeing some slower payments and more interest in deferred 
payment terms, which we often accommodate by facilitating third-party financing. 

Operating cash flow for the quarter was solid at 73 million. Q3 capital expenditures were 24 million and capitalized 
software was 20 million. Free cash flow defined as operating cash flow less capital expenditures and capitalized 


software was 29 million. This brings year-to-date free cash flow to 91 million, which is strong growth compared to 58 
million in the first three quarters of 2008 and positions us to exceed our target of 100 million of free cash flow in 2009. 

Moving to capitalized software, the 20.1 million of capitalized software in Q3 represents 29% of the 69.9 million of 
total spend on development activities. Software amortization for the quarter was 16.9 million, resulting in net 
capitalization of 3.2 million or 4% of the total. Compared to last quarter, amortization increased 1.1 million as our 
2007.19 release became generally available in August. Next quarter amortization should increase from 16.9 million to 
about 17.5 million as the full three months of the amortization related to this release will be reflected. 

This release approach is consistent with our prior statements that we're moving towards faster development cycles, with 
this GA occurring about six months after the 2007.18 release. The financial impact of this approach is that the 
amortization of capitalized software gets started faster and the increases to amortization occur more frequently but are 
smaller. 

Now, I'll go to the guidance. Looking at Q4 revenue, we expect revenue in the 435 to 465 million range, which is a 
strong sequential increase from Q3 and reflects our expectation that we will see a seasonally strong Q4 and increasing 
Stimulus driven demand. 

Looking at the year-over-year growth rate for Q4, you need to consider the Q4 '08 reported revenue of 465 included 29 
million of U.K. catch up revenue and had an extra week that resulted in about 20 million of additional support and 
services revenue. Therefore the comparable Q4 '08 revenue would be about 415 million. Our Q4 '09 guidance range 
reflects 5 to 12% growth over this amount, which is a strong improvement compared to our top line performance in the 
first three quarters. 

Moving to EPS, we expect Q4 EPS before options expense to be 0.68 to $0.74 per share, also reflected a strong 
sequential increase compared to Q3. The Q4 guidance is based on total spending before options expense of 275 to $280 
million. Our estimate for options expense for Q4 '09 is approximately $0.03 to $0.04. 

Moving to bookings guidance. We expect bookings revenue in Q4 of 425 to 475 million with the midpoint of this range 
reflecting double-digit growth over last year and representing an all-time high level of bookings for a quarter that 
doesn't include a large U.K. booking. 

Now, I'd like to provide our initial thoughts on 2010. Based on the initial version of our 2010 plan, the 2010 consensus 
estimates for revenue and earnings both appear reasonable, with top line growth of approximately 10% and bottom line 
growth of approximately 17%. We believe the improving macro environment combined with the beginning of Stimulus 
driven demand supports this level of growth and perhaps some upside if Stimulus demand accelerates. As always, we 
will continue to update our outlook on future earnings calls. 

In closing, we are pleased with our results in Q3, including strong bookings in a tough environment, continued progress 
on our margin expansion initiatives, delivering earnings growth in a challenging environment and strong free cash flow 
generation that keeps us on track for more than 100 million of free cash flow for the year. 

With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike. 

Michael G. Valentine, Executive Vice President, Client Organization 

All right. Thanks, Marc. Hello, everyone. Today I'm going to cover -- provide some observations on the marketplace, 
operational and top line highlights and an overview of our health conference. 

Starting with the marketplace, we are seeing signs of improvement but some challenges remains during Q3 with many 
clients still focused on maintaining strong cash balances to enhance their debt ratings and control their cost of capital. 

To some extent, the market continued to watch developments around the HITECH Act, and the discussions around the 
definition of Meaningful Use, but we are clearly starting to see many of our clients and prospects embrace the current 
definition of Meaningful Use realizing that the primary requirements are unlikely to change materially. 


We did have some transactions driven by the Stimulus in Q3 and we fully expect this trend to continue in Q4 and 
beyond. Another dynamic in the marketplace is healthcare reform and the uncertainty about how it will impact our 
clients. This uncertainty has contributed to more conservative near-term spending by our clients. However, we believe 
healthcare IT continues to be viewed as a transformational agent that is essential in all scenarios of reform. 

In summary, we are beginning to see the market turn with the Stimulus funding tied to Meaningful Use being the 
primary driver. This position is supported by our leading indicators including a record level of RFPs again in Q3, a 
solid Q4 forecast and a strong pipeline into 2010. 

Moving to our Q3 results. Our bookings revenue in Q3 of $424 million exceeded our guidance range and is a record for 
Q3 bookings representing 11% growth over Q3 '08, which was also a Q3 record. 

Our deal mix included several large contracts with 12 contracts over $5 million, eight of which were over $10 million. 
This quarter included a very strong level of new footprints with 29% of bookings coming from outside of our core 
Millennium install base. This is a large increase from the first half of the year and is consistent with the messaging I 
provided in our Q2 update. Going forward, our pipeline continues to reflect a strong level of new footprint 
opportunities. 

Looking at the mix of bookings, we had software at levels similar to Q2, but it was down year-over-year. Our Q4 
software forecast is very strong, which is driving this large sequential increase in our earnings guidance that Marc 
provided. 

Q3 bookings also included strong contributions from managed services and professional services. As I previewed last 
quarter, we signed our first Cerner IT Works client in Q3. Recall that Cerner IT Works services build upon our industry 
leading hosting and professional services capabilities to take on additional IT functions for our clients, including 
running their non-Cerner systems as well. 

Our first signed client is a health system that has been a Cerner client for more than 10 years and a remote hosted client 
since 2003. This deeper relationship will expand Cerner's responsibilities to include their Cerner -- non-Cerner IT 
functions such as managing their helpdesk, desktop support, non-Cerner applications and their local and wide area 
networks. In addition, we will expand Cerner Solutions into more areas such as critical care, perioperative and to 
leverage the new solutions from Cerner such as CareAware and MPages. 

Many of you have also seen our announcement last month about a memorandum of understanding being signed with 
the University of Missouri to create the Tiger Institute for Health Innovation. Cerner IT Works is at the core of this 
relationship as MU also sees the value of expanding their existing relationship to include Cerner taking on their 
non-Cerner IT functions. 

The Tiger Institute will allow for an accelerated path to meeting Stimulus Meaningful Use requirements as well as 
build on our history of R&D collaboration that has already led to our successful Medical Home project. Note that the 
MoU signing was not included in our bookings. The definitive agreement is expected to sign in Q4 or Q1 and will be 
included in bookings at that time. 

In summary, Cerner IT Works has the potential to become a significant growth driver as we convert more of our clients 
current IT spend into Cerner revenue. Our clients view these types of relationships as more of an opportunity to create 
greater solution and strategy alignment with Cerner as compared to the typical and more traditional approach of 
outsourcers that focus heavily on cost reduction and cost containment. We believe that almost all indicators are 
pointing towards IT becoming even more strategic to our clients. 

Another observation on this quarter's results is that our focus on aligning with vertical markets is continuing to pay off. 
We entered this year with a focus on aligning sales services and development resources across certain vertical markets 
to make us a stronger more agile competitor within those markets. 

This focus is helping accelerate our ability to fill white space in our existing base, and effectively pursue opportunities 
outside of our core base. A great example of this is our CareAware suite of solutions which had a record quarter in Q3, 


including strong sales of MDBus device connectivity, three new RxStation footprints and another good quarter of 
reselling clinical devices packaged with our connectivity solutions. 

Other examples of vertical alignment working well includes strong Q3 results in women's health, imaging, critical care 
and perioperative. We also expanded our solution suite in two of these areas with FDA 510(k) clearance for solutions in 
our women's health and imaging business units. This includes approval for our FetaLink solution which integrates fetal 
and maternal monitoring waveform data into the EHRs of mother and child. 

This solution along with our PowerChart Maternity solution makes us the only provider with a solution that seamlessly 
integrates the maternal record across inpatient and outpatient venues. FDA approval was also received for our 
ProVision Workstation-Mammography solution. This solution eliminates the need for separate general imaging and 
mammography viewers reducing inefficiency and delays created by using different viewing systems. With our 
solutions, radiologists can now view all the images, imaging modalities and the patient's EMR from a single 
workstation. 

Q3 also included good results in the community hospital space. As I discussed last quarter, there are about 2,000 small 
community hospitals and 1300 critical access hospitals. While we have substantial white space opportunity in our 
installed base of mostly larger hospitals and health systems, the smaller hospital market will also be an important 
element of our growth going forward. 

Our Q3 results in this area build on a strong Q2 and our pipeline in this market is rapidly expanding. Before I turn the 
call over to Trace, I'd like to provide a recap of our recent healthcare conference which was held here in Kansas City 
earlier this month. 

Despite the challenging economic environment, we had over 6,000 clients, partners and associates from 20 countries 
and five continents attend this year. The feedback from our clients was very positive with approximately 80% of the 
clients responding to our feedback survey indicating that it's the single most important industry event that they attend. 
We had particularly strong attendance at our leadership forum and physician forum which provides an opportunity for 
C-level leaders from our clients around the world to attend and participate in the conference. 

The Leadership Forum attendance was up 10% over last year to 243 attendees and the Physician Forum attendance was 
up 75% to a 183 attendees. The highlight of the conference this year was the Solutions Gallery. Our interactive exhibit 
for clients to network, collaborate and see new Cerner Solutions in action. With seven smart rooms and over a 100 
partners and sponsors, attendees were able to dive deep into many solutions and services, talk with experts on Stimulus 
reform, and health information exchange and even track their movements through the Solutions Gallery with our new 
enterprise positioning solution. 

The experience our clients had at the Solutions Gallery and other conference sessions helped us accomplish one of our 
key goals for the conference. This goal was to energize our client base, not just about the Stimulus and getting to 
Meaningful Use, but also about embracing our general innovation direction and thinking about what can be 
accomplished with adoption beyond the definition of Meaningful Use. This message resonated well with our clients 
and we believe the timing was right. Some describe this as the biggest CHC yet in terms of unleashing new innovations 
ready for market. 

Overall the Cerner Health Conference was a big success and I feel our alignment with our clients has never been 
greater. 

In closing, I'm pleased with our Q3 results particularly given the challenging environment. Our health conference 
created a lot of energy and alignment with our client base and we expect to build on this as we finish 2009 and look to 
next year. 

With that I'll turn the call over to Trace. 

Earl H. "Trace" Devanny, III, President 


Thanks, Mike. Good afternoon, everyone. Today I will discuss our international business, provide an update on our 

U.S. Stimulus opportunity, and reiterate our strategy in the physician practice market. 
Beginning with our global business. As Marc, mentioned global revenues declined year-over-year due to tough 
comparables following a very strong performance in 2008. This coupled with tough economic conditions overseas has 
made it a challenging year. While global results will continue to be pressured by the global economy and face tough 
comparables in the near term, we remain positive around the longer term outlook for global HIT and expect growth to 
resume next year. 

A highlight for the quarter was winning an important new client in Spain which builds on our earlier success at Marina 
Salud, our first Spanish client. Our new client, Universal -- Hospital Universitario Son Dureta is the largest health 
facility in Spain's Balearic Islands with five facilities and 1041 beds. This win is a testament to our global 
competitiveness as we were selected from six bids that were ranked on a rigorous 100 point scale. We scored 95 out of 
a 100 with the second place competitor scoring 74. 

Moving to England, we continue to focus on operational delivery as the lynchpin for marketplace leadership. As noted 
on our last call, we have a series of important convergence scheduled before the end of the year including the Kingston 
Hospital NHS Trust in London which is inside the national program and the Newcastle Upon Tyne Foundation Trust in 
the North of England which purchased outside the program. 

The need for information technologies will play a central role and NHS modernization continues to grow and to that 
end our work with NHS Trust continues to expand. As we continue to deliver demonstrable benefit to those 
organizations, we believe it will create positive momentum for existing and prospective clients going forward. 

I've recently returned from two weeks of travel across Europe, meeting with clients and potential prospects. I came 
away convinced that we remain the strongest and best positioned HIT supplier outside the U.S. As evidenced by our 
competitive win in Spain, Millennium is the one platform that is truly scalable globally. As we continue to execute 
internationally, I believe we will position ourselves for return to good top line growth in 2010. 

I would now like to provide a brief update on the Stimulus and how we expect it to impact our business. Relative to 
Meaningful Use, we believe the current recommendations are appropriate. We believe they maintain proper focus on 
outcomes and continue to contain important elements such as CPOE which are a fundamental building block for patient 
safety. 

The current proposed requirements also factor in required adoption metrics to ensure that important benefits are being 
realized from this historic investment and the proposed staging of future requirements to include more robust 
capabilities such as clinical documentation and evidence based order sets is clearly on target as well. This effort 
embeds HIT into the dialogue of policy, quality and efficiency and positions information technology to play a vital and 
ongoing role in the systemic reform of the U.S. healthcare system. 

Another comment on current Stimulus activity. As we've discussed in previous quarters the American Recovery and 
Reinvestment Act, ARRA, provides a significant opportunity from both inside our installed base as well as from new 
client footprint opportunities. From my numerous interactions with clients at our recent health conference, it is clear 
that our client base is both energized and focused on meeting the requirements to access the Stimulus dollars. 

These activities continue to reflect this unprecedented opportunity to change the direction of the U.S. healthcare 
system. In addition, we are well positioned to gain new market share in this reinvigorated IT environment. 

As mentioned earlier, our success outside our client base in Q3 included purchases by providers driven back into the 
market by Stimulus dollar opportunities. These providers either didn't have an existing supplier or didn't believe their 
current supplier offered a viable path to Meaningful Use. As Mike discussed we expect these Stimulus-driven 
opportunities, both inside and outside of our base to continue to ramp, as evidenced by record RFP levels, increased 
pipeline and our strong Q4 outlook. 

Moving to the physician practice market, as mentioned previously there is also a significant Stimulus opportunity for 
Cerner in this sector. We continue to be well positioned with our low cost, speed-to-value ASP model. We also benefit 


from our install base of Allon Health Systems that sponsor PowerWorks as their preferred electronic medical record. In 
addition, we recently announced an agreement with CDW Healthcare to be a national channel partner for our outpatient 
offerings. 

CDW Healthcare is an industry leader in technology, hardware solutions and services and they will now market 
Cerner's full suite of physician practice solutions. This agreement will increase our ability to scale our physician 
practice business as CDW has created a dedicated sales force for Cerner Solutions and will leverage its large healthcare 
sales organization for lead generation. 

We believe that the Cerner CDW relationship will create a one stop shop for physician practice automation with 
CDW's rich technology portfolio and unparalleled service model complementing Cerner's strong clinical and business 
applications and remote hosting capabilities. This relationship will also simplify the experience of purchasing, 
deploying and supporting the technology necessary to automate a practice and make the process affordable. 

Another emerging area of focus within the Stimulus package is the need to support the interoperability and the 
requirement for regional or health information exchanges or HIEs. Cerner has a history of proven innovation with 
interoperability capabilities like the Cerner Hub which connects healthcare providers within a community. This 
capability is an important differentiator given the emerging interoperability requirements to qualify for Stimulus 
funding. 

We are also having discussions with many of our clients and state governments about creating regional networks to 
facilitate broader interoperability allowing for capabilities such as health record banks, population health management, 
employer-based wellness programs, and chronic disease management programs. These capabilities offer clear 
differentiation for our clients in their respective markets as well as provide a significant new business opportunity for 
Cerner. 

A great example of our capabilities around interoperability is our current collaboration with the Department of HHS 
and the Centers for Disease Control to create the Flu Pandemic Initiative. This is a secure, HIPAA-compliant, rapid 
detection network for the influenza virus including H1N1. The initiative supplies State and Public Health Departments, 
Cerner clients, and the CDC with situational awareness information to help communities triage resources. 

With this system in place, this information is now available in near real-time compared to taking up to four days to 
assemble previously, a critical time improvement allowing the public health system to react more quickly and isolate 
areas of outbreak. As part of this initiative, Cerner's clients who represent nearly one-third of the U.S. healthcare 
system have agreed to feed summarized, non-patient specific HIPAA-compliant data into specially designed software 
that aggregates and organizes it for use nationally as well as locally and regionally. 

Currently more than a 1000 facilities in 46 states have agreed to participate and more than 450 are already contributing 
data. This national initiative is evidence of differentiation created by our unmatched combination of a broad footprint in 
healthcare and our interoperability and reporting capabilities, truly, a national healthcare network. 

As a result of this differentiation, we believe we are well positioned to help healthcare providers and states execute 
their growing need to share critical patient record data. These examples of expanded innovation continue to position 
Cerner as a broad-based healthcare company, not merely an HIT supplier. 

In summary, we continue to view the Stimulus as a substantial opportunity for Cerner and expect to play a major role in 
the transformation of our healthcare system that will occur in the coming years. 

With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff. 

Jeffrey A. Townsend, Executive Vice President and Chief of Staff 

Thanks, Trace. Over the last three quarters, we've shared the launch of several new innovations. Both Mike and Trace 
highlighted for our clients, several of these came together at the conference creating a new level of energy and focus as 
we innovate beyond the EMR and beyond Meaningful Use. 


As I highlight a few of these, I want to share the broader context of the emerging network effect that is playing out 
across our client base. As we introduced the Lights On Network a few years ago to monitor and manage the technical 
environments of our clients, which provides a level of transparency and measurement across the client base, this 
became the early signs of our ability to create a network. This created a common platform of learning and improvement 
that all Cerner clients could benefit from. 

We've continued to innovate this offering, this year, moving the measurements all the way to a single user experience 
providing comparative measurements for physician order entry and clicks, allowing our clients to apply science to the 
adoption of CPOE. 

Using the learning from this platform we announced our blue sky initiatives moving more offerings to the cloud. 
Starting with uCern, which is a contextual collaboration social networking platform that we've been using internally 
since last fall. As I mentioned last quarter we began to roll out uCern to our client organizations over the summer and 
the interest and adoption accelerated going into the Cerner Health Conference with the objective of having everyone 
connected prior to the conference. 

The ability to extend the learning from an annual conference to a continuous collaboration medium was a major theme, 
with 95% of our core Millennium clients actively engaged in the platform today. In a very short time, we've extended 
the reach of our knowledge ecosystem to the edges where our solutions and services meet healthcare delivery allowing 
end-users to engage both inside and outside their organizations. 

It has quickly become the place for clients to go when they want to collaborate with peers or Cerner associates about 
topics ranging from healthcare reform to solution enhancements to project status updates. It has shifted the traditional 
concept of customer service going way beyond simple point-to-point interactions. In 2010, this is the platform that 
extends to the patient consumer in context of their healthcare experiences. 

As we've outlined a few times, to reach the full potential of a digital health system, more of our R&D will move to the 
edge where physicians and nurses interact with patients in context of a health condition. To support this initiative, we 
launched both uDevelop and the uCern Store. 

uDevelop is a collaborative ecosystem to support a unique audience of engineers, both Cerner associates and external 
developers. uCern Store is a place for providing quick contextual access to innovations developed by Cerner and 
others, allowing for innovation to be accessible beyond the boundaries of IT reaching the end-user community. 

Architecturally, this approach continues to take advantage of the separation of the end-user visual experience from the 
EMR platform. To-date, the uCern Store has already had over 300 client organizations engage in activities including 
wish list prioritizations for future purchases. 

As Trace outlined the Influenza Monitoring initiative is just another example of creating value out of the connectedness 
of our client base, engaging the majority of our Millennium clients within two months of starting the program. 

Collectively we're very pleased with how rapidly our clients are grabbing and extending these concepts as we now turn 
our focus towards the consumer in the context of a patient experience. 

Before turning the call over to Q&A, I wanted to touch briefly on the topic of Neal's keynote during our health 
conference as it will play a major role in shaping Cerner's direction in the coming years. 

We've been talking for several years about friction in the healthcare system that creates unnecessary waste, variance, 
error and delay. Much of that was outlined in our ABCs of Systemic Healthcare Reform. 

What Neal recently outlined was healthcare's need for a new middle. Regardless of the outcome of current healthcare 
reform policies, the momentum around broad adoption of EMRs and interoperability of health information will provide 
the initial infrastructure to change our delivery and payment system as we know it today. 

As Mike shared, the announcement of the Tiger Institute represents a new alignment model with our clients, but also 
creates a regional or statewide collaboration platform to make the middle smart, creating the opportunity to coordinate 


care, apply new clinical evidence and ultimately change the health status of a region. 

As we'll share over the next year, we believe we are very well positioned to play a role in creating an operating system 
for health. 

With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator for Q&A. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line of Sean Wieland from Piper [Jaffray]. Sean, you 
may proceed. 

<Q - Sean Wieland>: Hi, thanks. On the Stimulus demand that you're seeing and forecasting for the fourth quarter and 
2010, how do you go about quantifying what is Stimulus, what's -- and then what would be kind of bookings that would 
come through the normal channel, and then on specifically around your pipeline in software sales, exactly what -where 
are you seeing this demand? What areas of the products? 

<A - Earl Devanny, III>: Sean, I'll answer the – I'll take a stab at it and then I'll let Marc give his commentary as well. 
The point of your question I think is dead on. It's difficult to determine when Meaningful Use is a definition, at least of 
a subset of who you are and what you do, it's difficult to describe what's being driven by Stimulus or not. What we have 
looked at is the effect of Stimulus as it relates to acceleration of decisions. So, we can show you that new entries into 
the marketplace, so people building out HITs for the first time are making decisions in a tighter timeframe. 

So, whereas before the selection processes took on average around 15 months, now we're seeing it in less than a year. 
So, they're condensing and accelerating their timeframes to make decisions on average across the board. There also -when 
I look at the composition of software, we're seeing a larger mix to new footprints, and I think we spelled that out 
in terms of percentage of our total bookings, but I think we'll start to see it going forward in the software category as 
well, and then you see more software from a composition standpoint broken out in the core of what we do. So, by 
solutions, things that map directly to Meaningful Use. 

It's hard to, again, categorize is that 2 billion more than we would have otherwise. I think that's the label that we're 
putting on it right now in terms of total pipeline and activity, but in any given quarter, it's really difficult to break it out 
and say this one was absolutely Stimulus driven but, it by every measure is on everyone's radar, everyone is paying 
attention to the definition of Meaningful Use, mapping projects to when Stimulus funds become available for 
Meaningful Use. So, it's hard to quantify but it's absolutely frontal lobe. 

<Q - Sean Wieland>: Okay, thanks and a quick follow up if I could. What do you think about this Grassley letter? 

<A - Marc G. Naughton, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Hi, this is Marc. The government is 
making a large investment in healthcare information technology, so it kind of makes sense for them to fully understand 
what that investment is going to be related to. We view the Committees' interest as evidence that HIT is becoming 
embedded kind of in the dialogue around healthcare policy and reform. So, we look forward to working with the 
Committee and providing the requested information and working with them as needed, so we don't see it impacting our 
near-term business. I think it's something that the government is doing their job and we fully look forward to 
complying with any requests. 

<Q - Sean Wieland>: Okay, thank you very much. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from the line of Atif Rahim from JPMorgan. Atif, you may proceed. 


<Q - Atif Rahim>: Hi just a follow-up on the Stimulus. I think Mike you said -- I don't know if you mentioned 2 
billion in your prepared comments or just in the last question, but that's kind of the incremental opportunity. Have you 
had a chance to review that both the Meaningful Use recommendations coming up and is there any change to that 
outlook? That's the first question and then I have a follow-up. 

<A - Michael G. Valentine, Executive Vice President, Client Organization>: The first – the answer to your question 
is, we absolutely track the definition of Meaningful Use and per my comments earlier, what we see in terms of the 
broad definition, the content of it, we don't see that fundamentally changing a whole lot between now and the end of the 
year, beginning of next year, so -- and I think the majority of our clients actually see it that way as well. They're 
actioning along the lines of the current draft definition of Meaningful Use, at least for the standards that come into play 
in 2011. Some of the people that have not made a decision yet, so the net new buyers they are holding out and looking 
at the definition and those are the ones that would impact the numbers that you speak of. 

<Q - Atif Rahim>: Okay. And then in the terms of the buyers who are out there, how are the smaller hospitals faring? 
You mentioned you've built on some momentum from 2Q. Are those guys turning out to be a decent portion of the 
buyers and I don't know if it's possible to provide what percentage of bookings they are starting to constitute or what 
the sequential growth might have been in bookings from those guys? 

<A - Michael G. Valentine, Executive Vice President, Client Organization>: I won't comment on the specifics, but 
I will tell you if you are referring to essentially 100 beds or lesser or 75 beds or less which has been our most recent 
focus with our community work solution, there's a lot of activity in that space. We are a relative newcomer to that 
marketplace and a new option for those folks as buyers, so there is -- I would say there is a fair bit of education that 
we've been doing to familiarize them with the Cerner story and the, Cerner as an option and they absolutely view it as a 
very appealing option. 

We've got some early proof points that serve as good wins for us and good demonstration points for the industry that 
there's a Cerner path in a hosted model that's a subset of our application, so it's kind of – you'd think of it as a Cerner 
Lite for some of these smaller health systems with more restrictions on them. It's a very active marketplace. We signed 
a few more this last quarter. I mentioned we signed some last -- the quarter prior in Q2 and the pipeline moving 
forward looks very good. 

It's not the same margin business for us. It's not the same dollar business for us, a dollar per bed, it's probably about the 
same, but it's a nice market to be in, I think our solutions have come to fruition at the right time. 

<Q - Atif Rahim>: Okay. And could you quantify the bookings from those guys or not? 

<A - Marc G. Naughton, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Atif, this is Marc, we can't quantify 
those separately. We don't break out the detail on the bookings, sorry. 

<Q - Atif Rahim>: Okay, got it, thanks. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from the line of Richard Close from Jefferies. Richard, you may proceed. 

<Q - Richard Close>: Yes, thank you. A follow-up on the community hospitals, if you could tell us who you've 
competed against and you've beat, succeeded against on those contracts and then also Marc, I think you talked a little 
bit about extended payments or extended terms, if you could talk a little bit more about that? What's driving that? Is it 
just the economy or is it people trying to just get great deals with respect to the Stimulus and then talk about the pricing 
environment you guys see currently? 

<A - Michael G. Valentine, Executive Vice President, Client Organization>: Okay, Richard this is Mike. I'll take 
your first question. It's the typical that I think you would expect in the smaller end of the market. Meditech is in there, 
CPSI is in there, Healthland, I believe is the new name they go by, they're there, so I think all of the normal and 
actually some few -- a few new ones that we've actually never ever competed with. Our sales cycle is fundamentally 


different than our traditional model, so a lot of it's delivered, virtually demonstrations are delivered virtually. 

We're tapping into a sales force that already exists, but also assigning a specialty force and then we're also leveraging 
our client footprints to extend into their regional, so Jeff mentioned kind of a regional play. Several of our installed 
clients are offering a EMR solution off of their existing infrastructure. So they essentially become a channel for us to 
sell into a region or to market into a region whether that amenity be affiliated or have some level of affiliation or 
interest in sharing in that capability. So that's how we see it. It's a -- I think it's fairly competitive. It looks to be 
regionally competitive as well, but those are the folks that we would see. 

<A - Marc G. Naughton, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: This is Marc. The comment I made 
about extended payment terms was more related to when we see that. That's when we try to -- we introduce the client to 
the financing options that we have available. As we in normal course don't have significant levels of extended 
payments, I think to some extent you're seeing that because of the economy, because of the access to capital. If they can 
access another source of funding, that's attractive to them. Relative to the pricing environment, the data I look at is 
basically discounts off those price and those are fairly consistent with where they've been in the last three or four 
quarters. So I think the competition that's going on out there is not from a pricing standpoint for the most part among 
the competition, at least we're not seeing it in our deals. 

<Q - Richard Close>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from the line of Charles Rhyee from Oppenheimer. Charles, you may proceed. 

<Q - Charles Rhyee>: Yes, thanks for taking the questions. Maybe first I can just jump back to that Grassley letter. 
Can you give us a sense on a lot of the questions we are asking were in terms of contract language related to pushing 
some of the liability -- I don't know if that's the right way to say it -- but pushing on some of the responsibilities of 
things that happened with the use of the solutions on to the responsibility to providers and in particular around like 
harm homeless provisions. Can you discuss how those sort of arrangements were again to the extent that your contracts 
work that way? 

<A - Michael G. Valentine, Executive Vice President, Client Organization>: Yeah. Charles, kind of pardon me, but 
we'll probably respond to the committee with the information, that information obviously will be made public, so that's 
probably the time that we think is appropriate for giving all of that information out. We're -- there's no question on that 
letter that we're not looking forward to answering that we have any issues with and that we think is different from any 
other company's normal business practices at least with respect to us. But I think at this point, we'd like to defer 
answering those specific questions until we get our information before the committee. 

<Q - Charles Rhyee>: Okay, thanks. And then I think Trace, you talked about bringing on some key trusts online here 
in the fourth quarter and in particular talked about one in London and one in the North. Can you talk about what's going 
on in the South particularly now with the sort of the open bidding process there and sort of where -- how your progress 
is going there working under BT? 

<A - Earl Devanny, III>: Yes, we continue to, thank you. We continue to have good activity across the entire NHS 
program. As you probably know there's an election coming up next year, so to some degree there is -- there is a little bit 
of paralysis within the actual structure of the NHS around extending the program, but our challenge and our goal has 
been and we stated very clearly is to continue to execute on the go-lives that are in place. We're working very well with 
BT across the program to do that and we expect to be successful in Q4 around that point. So I think the best thing we 
can do to make our business continue to grow is to execute and that's our plan and that's what we intend to do. 

<Q - Charles Rhyee>: Is there a lot of revenue expectations in the guidance currently coming out of the south? 

<A - Marc G. Naughton, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: This is Marc. There isn't. I mean, 
overall, U.K., we kind of expect it be somewhere around the 14, $15 million a quarter type of revenue stream. In the 


current state, we expect that to change as we kind of roll into 2010, the government election occurs in May and other 
things get kind of settled out, but currently that gives you a sense and it's fairly consistent with what the '09 revenue 
levels were. 

<Q - Charles Rhyee>: That's largely London, right? 

<A - Marc G. Naughton, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Primarily London, but it does, it 
spreads between both because there's still -- there's revenues coming through the South as well. 

<Q - Charles Rhyee>: Okay. One last question here for, Marc. Can you talk about the sequential uptick in the 
revenues here? You talked about your confidence that, to see this -- can you give us a sense of, where you're getting 
this confidence, where -- and where -- how do you think that's going to split between, let's say, a system sales versus 
support and maintenance and service and the second to that is when we look at the bookings this past quarter, the 424, 
how much of that is something that can be recognized, let's say over the next 12 to 24 months versus something that 
might be stretched out a little bit further? 

<A - Marc G. Naughton, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Okay, well relative to the kind of the 
bookings, it was probably the element that was stronger than perhaps normal was the services, professional services 
side and those bookings will tend to be over the next 12 to 24 months coming into revenue. Managed services was kind 
of at its normal historical levels, so I think that's clearly a positive. As you know we do a rigorous forecasting process 
every quarter and that's where our information comes to – comes from relative to our next quarter guidance. 

When we look at this quarter coming up, we see a significant increase in license software in the pipeline that looks like 
it's going to be a Q4 item and I think in essence looking at that pipeline, looking at where we stand quarter to-date right 
now relative to closing deals, that kind of gives us our number that we think we can get the revenues to increase to the 
level that we've guided to. 

<Q - Charles Rhyee>: Great. Thanks a lot for the comments. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from the line of Steve Halper from Thomas Weisel Partners. Steve, you may proceed. 

<Q - Steve Halper>: Sure. The first question is on the MU deal. Is that included in your fourth quarter bookings 
guidance? 

<A - Marc G. Naughton, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Steve, this is Marc. The MoU that 
was signed in Q3, that we expect to sign to be completed either in Q4 or in Q1 so our guidance does not include that. 

<Q - Steve Halper>: Okay. And then while you were discussing your professional services and assuming we're going 
to see an acceleration in software because of Stimulus, does Cerner have enough head count to satisfy the potential 
implementation challenges that a lot of your customers are going to be facing or -- given that they want to accelerate 
implementation? 

<A - Michael G. Valentine, Executive Vice President, Client Organization>: Steve, this is Mike. We talked about 
this a little bit on the last call as well. It's something that's been -- we're paying very close attention to is the timing of 
the resourcing. What we're seeing is, and historical run rates have been about 70% of our implementation work in total 
-- takes place in the field and 30% takes place in our, in a center's vehicle, so a centralized implementation model. And 
what we're wiring towards as the demand ramps up, and as Marc said, we saw a strong Q3, we expect a strong Q4 on 
the services front. We're wiring towards a richer composition of central implementation. We think we're able to ramp 
up that center in a quicker fashion and we're -- I think we have visibility enough to allow for that to happen. 

So, right now, we don't see it as being a risk. As you recall we went through with everyone of our top installed clients, 
mapped out their roadmap to Meaningful Use with kind of the fundamental definition, built out the timing for that and 
are building, staffing and consulting arrangements accordingly, in addition to what software needs to be acquired and 


hardware to support the journey. 

So, we think we have a pretty good sense for what all that looks like and how it comes together. There's still some 
wildcards on timing as you would expect, but right now, we feel pretty good about our position and maintaining the 
implementations mostly in-house as we have historically. 

<Q - Steve Halper>: And how do you feel about your competitors on that same subject? 

<A - Michael G. Valentine, Executive Vice President, Client Organization>: I think everyone gets the opportunity 
to talk about it. I think those that have just moved to own more of their implementations, I think it's going to be a real 
wildcard for them. It's not something that they've proven in the past whereas we've owned our implementations 
historically. We've had minimal third-party involvement. Others have come from a place and have recently kind of 
informally announced themselves getting out of the implementation business. I think there's some wildcards on those 
fronts, so I would say where there's uncertainty on their side, there's a pretty solid track record on our side, so I feel 
pretty good about it. 

<Q - Steve Halper>: Great. Thanks. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from the line of Anthony Vendetti from Maxim Group. Anthony, you may proceed. 

<Q - Anthony Vendetti>: Okay. Thanks. Just two quick questions. On the Fujitsu, you said ARs for that particular 
deal were contributing to the DSOs, rising along with the economy. What's the size of the AR? 

<A - Marc G. Naughton, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: We've indicated it's over 10% of 
receivables and it really, it hits the gross number. It would not be -- it was in the numbers in Q2 as well at a similar 
level, so the five day increase in DSOs would be primarily related to just a little bit slower collections. Once again, we 
indicated it's not that people aren't paying. Some of them are just a little slower paying. We actually expect as we head 
into complete Q4 that that number will be back under 100 days, and that's just a temporary element. 

<Q - Anthony Vendetti>: Okay. Just one quick one follow-up Marc on the -- on the guidance for Q4, on the revenue 
side, the 435 to 465. Was the guidance for the year prior to this – to this quarter 1.7 to 1.75 billion, so would that imply 
60 million to 80 million less for 4Q. Is that correct? 

<A - Marc G. Naughton, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I think basically as a result of Q3 
coming at the bottom of our guidance range, once you get down to the last quarter of the year, I am not sure kind of that 
I spent a lot of time thinking about what my full year guidance was. I think clearly the incremental increase in revenue 
from Q3 to Q4 in the neighborhood of 10% is a pretty good indicator of what we think the demand that we're seeing, 
and our ability to convert it into revenue. 

So, I wouldn't say that your numbers are wrong, I just don't actually even have those in front of me because I am not 
seeing – focusing on those as being relevant. I am looking at Q4 and with our guidance, kind of what you'll see us end 
up for the year. But, we think, clearly top line has been challenged in the first three quarters and we think we're finally 
breaking through to get back to some good double digit growth in the top line in Q4. 

<Q - Anthony Vendetti>: Okay and you are comfortable with the consensus for 2010. You said on both top and 
bottom line, correct? 

<A - Marc G. Naughton, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, traditionally -- in keeping with 
our traditional practice at that level, we have basically flat bookings assumed. We do not have that number building in 
any significant contribution from Stimulus. So, that's why today we are fairly comfortable giving that as our guidance 
agreement with consensus. We think there could possibly be upside to that that once we get through Q4 we will be able 
to address more clearly on our year end call. 


<Q - Anthony Vendetti>: Okay, great. Thanks, Marc. 

<A - Marc G. Naughton, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Corey Tobin from William Blair. Corey, you may proceed. 

<Q>: Hi, it's Jeremy for Corey. A couple of question on your commentary regarding the Stimulus. One is related to -- I 
wonder, if there is anything distinctive related to the type of decisions or the type of hospitals that are leading you out 
of -- leading the charge I guess in Stimulus activity either from like a profit versus non-profit standpoint or from a 
regional perspective. Is there anything distinctive you are seeing in terms of the type of customers that's kind first to 
bat? 

<A - Michael G. Valentine, Executive Vice President, Client Organization>: I would -- Jeremy this is Mike. I 
would say that it's a return to very broad mix of the segmentation. So, when I look at our Q4 forecast in particular, all 
major segments are represented including for-profit and including the newer lower end market, smaller market that we 
talked about earlier. So, I would say it's a return to broader diversity than we've had historically. 

<Q>: And then one follow-up if I could. On the international side, in terms of the growth you expect next year, where 
would you say with respect to the pipeline you are seeing the strongest potential for growth and maybe where you are 
also seeing things a little bit lighter than you otherwise would have from a regional perspective? 

<A - Earl Devanny, III>: Yeah, Jeremy. This is Trace. Having just returned from Europe, it's -- imagine that the U.S. 
economy with no Stimulus relative to the healthcare activity, so it's -- while it's every robust for us here. But having 
said that, there's not the cycles in single payer systems in other parts of the world. So you are not seeing the dramatic 
ups and downs of healthcare spend. My experience in the last few weeks has been, while it has slowed down and 
governments are waiting to see what's going to happen to the economy, there is still a lot of very important healthcare 
activity going on around the world. 

Relative to those specific markets, I think they are all active. Some will be better than others. We have some very large 
transactions in Asia-Pacific. We have some good transactions in the Middle East, and there's some very important 
transactions in Europe. So, broadly, I think you'll see as the economies improve around the world, you'll see healthcare 
activity return and I think particularly in the last half of 2010 things will return to a much more positive note as the 
economic situation works itself out. 

<Q>: So if I'm hearing what you are saying, there is no region that sort of particularly stands out from the upside or 
downside. They are all... 

<A - Earl Devanny, III>: Every region has highlights and significant opportunities, so I wouldn't say that one region 
has been immune from the difficult economy. So, the answer to your question is no. 

<Q>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Marc G. Naughton, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Why don't we take one more call or 
one more question. 

Operator 

And our last question comes from the line of Sandy Draper from Raymond James. Sandy, you may proceed. 

<Q - Sandy Draper>: Thank you very much. I have got just maybe two quick questions. One, Mike, if you can 
comment when you – I think you said 29% of new footprints, is there a way to split that out between new footprint 
where these are clients that don't have maybe any other clinical systems and it's a totally new buy versus replacement. 


Is there a way you can sort of segment that up? 

<A - Michael G. Valentine, Executive Vice President, Client Organization>: I could. I don't have it with me. I 
would tell you that almost all of them have, I would say 80% have a core EMR, core automation capability that is with 
a single supplier. The rest of them would be kind of leftovers from the best-of-breed era. So, there's probably an 80, 20 
breakdown, and that's probably not scientific. That's just my gut feel on that mix. 

<Q - Sandy Draper>: Yeah, okay. That's very helpful. And then final question. Just in terms of thinking about, when 
you comment about the Stimulus activity and buying being incremental. Do you look at that as incremental in terms of 
just accelerating growth and eventually you would have expected these customers to buy this over some very much 
longer period and it's incrementally compressed, or are there actual products, do you think maybe would never been 
purchased by the customers that are now actually being looked at. 

<A - Michael G. Valentine, Executive Vice President, Client Organization>: I don't think there is any new. There is 
nothing in Meaningful Use today that is an aha for us that says, oh, finally we can go sell one of those. So, the good 
news is, there is no gap, no major solution gaps for us in the current definition of Meaningful Use. In fact, it actually 
sheds some lights on device connectivity, interoperability, personal health records, there is some areas that we've been 
preaching for quite some time that, that now they are getting full attention. So, from that, I think that gives you a little 
bit of the incremental. 

There is another phenomena that we touched on in the text. We had a great CHC, we unveiled 100 plus new things that 
we are going to market with. And part of our belief is that, our advanced install base will go set the bar for the next 
rung of definition for Meaningful Use. So, if we can move the meter through new innovations, the fact that it's a 
stair-step definition of Meaningful Use, the innovations that we are doing today, the funding that's coming into clients 
that are already near Meaningful Use, but they are going to continue to expand around the fringes. We think that 
actually creates new markets for us. So, Meaningful Use definition in 2020, which is a long ways from being defined, 
we hope that innovations that we are creating today become that incremental in the future. 

<Q - Sandy Draper>: Great. Thank you very much, Mike 

Neal Patterson, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Very good. So, this is Neal. I have been quite silent here, but I have been word clouding the both, questions and our 
comments. And let me just close here with a brief thought. So, I think we are, I think Cerner is at very good place in 
many respects. I think the environment we are in, even though it's – we've all, we all can speak to chapter and verse 
about the economy impact of the environments in any country, but if you dissect that, the environment around, the 
relevancy of -- the intersection of relevancy of healthcare to our society and the role of IT in that the relevancy is 
getting greater and greater and greater. 

And I think manifests itself in a number of ways including people trying to educate them on what is IT mean in 
healthcare. But there is no question about the fundamental direction and the increased importance of IT in that. I think 
we lead and we are going to continue to lead. We're going to have a great decade, the next decade, because our 
relevancy could not – we couldn't start a decade with a better trend on our relevancy to the very important subjects in 
health are in society, and we are going to lead through innovation and in both IP, we are going to lead in innovation 
around services. 

So, the work you saw us do and starting to deliver in the IT works, that's a huge contextual change to Cerner and to our 
end, around our relationship with our clients, and it puts us really at the edge of using the technology directly 
supporting. We are now face-to-face with doctors and nurses and pharmacist, and that's really a big, big deal, and it 
changes the context in a major way. And then as we end this decade and we start the next decade, I think from the 
performance side most anything you can find at Cerner to measure is on a very good trend. 

Financially, we're going to go -- we intersect with the broad environment out there, but I think that's still a real healthy 
place in the long-term for us. But internally, we get better and better every year, and it's kind of fun to watch and fun to 


be part of, so I think that we're set up pretty well to finish this decade and start the next one, and I think it will be a 
really a big one. So, hey thanks for -- I know it's a tough day out there in the world of finance, but thanks for the time 
and the attention and good questions, so have a good day. 

Operator 

Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. 
Have a great day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


