Q1 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Kip E. Meintzer, Director, Investor Relations 
• Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer 
• Jerry Ungerman, Vice Chairman 
• Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Sterling Auty 
• Philip Winslow 
• Walter Pritchard 
• Kash Rangan 
• Israel Hernandez 
• Robert Breza 
• Daniel Ives 
• Sarah Friar 
• Brian Freed 
• Shaul Eyal 
• Todd Raker 
• Ziv Tal 
• Michael Turits 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Greetings and welcome to the Check Point Software First Quarter 2009 Financial Results. At this time all participants 
are in a listen-only mode. A question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. 
As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. 

It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Kip E. Meintzer, Director, Investor Relations for Check Point Software 
Technologies. Thank you. Mr. Meintzer, you may begin. 

Kip E. Meintzer, Director, Investor Relations 

Thank you. Welcome to all of you joining us today. This is Kip Meintzer, Director of Investor Relations for Check 
Point Software. On the call with me today are Gil Shwed, Chairman and CEO; Jerry Ungerman, Vice Chairman; and 
Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer. We'd like to thank all of you for joining us today to discuss Check Point's first 
quarter 2009 results. As a reminder, this call is being webcast live on our website and is being recorded for replay. 

To access the live webcast and replay information, please visit the company's website at checkpoint.com. For your 
convenience the conference call replay will be available through May 11. If you'd like to reach us after the call, please 
contact Investor Relations at +1-650-628-2050. 


Now before we begin with management's presentation, I'd like to bring the following to your attention. During the 
course of this call, Check Point representatives will make certain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking 
statements may include our beliefs regarding protections related to the acquisition of the Security Appliance Business 
of Nokia, our expectations regarding our sales pipeline, our expectations regarding the performance and customer 
acceptance and adoption of our products, our expectations regarding the potential impact of market conditions on our 
business as we move forward, and our expectations regarding our business outlook and results for the second quarter 
and full year of 2009. 

Other statements which may be made in response to questions, which refer to our beliefs, plans, expectations, or 
intentions are also forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provided by the Private Securities 
Litigation Reform Act. Because these statements pertain to future events, they are subject to various risks and 
uncertainties and actual results could differ materially from Check Point's current expectations and beliefs. 

Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to the risks outlined in the press 
release that we issued today and the risks discussed in Check Point's Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 
December 31, 2008, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

I would also like to point out that these forward looking statements are based on Check Point's expectations and beliefs 
as of the date hereof and that Check Point assumes no obligation to update its forward looking statements. 

Now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Tal Payne, Check Point's Chief Financial Officer. 

Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Kip. Good morning and good afternoon to everyone joining us on the call today. Before I delve further into 
the numbers, let me remind you that our first quarter GAAP financial results include equity-based compensation 
expenses according to SFAS 123R, expenses related to acquisitions including amortization of intangibles, and the 
related tax effects of such items. Keep in mind that non-GAAP information is presented excluding these items. 

In our press release, which has been posted on our website, we present GAAP and non-GAAP results along with 
reconciliation tables which highlight the data, as well as the reasons for the presentation of non-GAAP information. 

Now let's take a look at the financial highlights for the quarter. First quarter revenues were $195 million, compared to 
$192 million in the first quarter of 2008. This represents the best results that Check Point has ever posted in first quarter 
of a fiscal year and is within the range of our guidance. 

Revenue distribution for the quarter was as follows: Americas contributed 43% of the revenue, Europe, Middle East 
and Africa was 44%, and Asia-Pacific and Japan region contributed the remaining 13%. We are seeing healthy growth 
in our endpoint business in Asia-Pacific and Latin America regions, with North America and EMEA remaining stable. 

From reduced size and quantity perspective, this quarter we will continue to see an increasing number of larger deals. 
Transactions greater than $50,000 accounted for 44% of total order value, compared to 39% in the same period a year 
ago. We had 13 customers that each had transactions with a value greater than $1 million, compared to 10 in the year 
ago quarter. 

Product and license revenues were $72 million for the first quarter of 2009, compared to $77 million last year. We 
believe that the change occurred primarily as a result of global economic slowdown and that the decline occurred 
mainly in non-core product line, in our core Network Security Appliance business, we saw between 30 to 80% 
year-over-year growth rate depending on the product line. 

Software updates, maintenance and service revenues were $123 million in the first quarter of 2009, representing growth 
of 8% over the first quarter of 2008. The growth was across all regions. From an operating perspective, we posted 
exceptionally results. Our non-GAAP operating income increased 11% from $109 million in the first quarter of 2009 to 
98 million in the same period in 2008. Operating margin was 66% for the quarter, up from 51% in the comparable 
quarter last year. This is primarily a result of operational efficiencies and continued strengthening of the dollar. 


GAAP net income for the first quarter of 2009 was $81 million or $0.38 per diluted share. Non-GAAP net income for 
the quarter increased to $95 million or $0.45 per diluted share, up from $93 million or $0.43 per diluted share in the 
first quarter of 2008. 

Earnings per share came at the high end of our guidance, representing 6% growth for the first quarter year-over-year. 
Our effective GAAP or non-GAAP income tax rate for the first quarter were 20% and 19%, respectively, consistent 
with our guidance. Deferred revenues as of March 31, 2009 were $325 million, an increase of $47 million over the 
deferred revenue balance as of March 31, 2008. 

We have maintained our rate of customer renewals at very high rates for our industry, and have began to realize 
increase in multi-year renewals. For the first quarter of 2009, our DSOs, days sales outstanding, were 81 days 
compared to 82 days in the fourth quarter of 2008. While we started decreasing the DSO during the quarter, our 
business remains back-end loaded as we have indicated in previous quarters. 

We generated a record cash flow from operations of $172 million, an increase of 20% compared to Q1 last year, as a 
result of strong cash collection and strong operating discipline. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.6 billion in 
cash and investments. The credit quality of our portfolio remains high and consistent with our conservative investment 
policy. 

During the quarter we purchased 2.3 million shares for a total cost of $52 million as part of our share repurchase 
program. Moving forward, we have 181 million remaining from the $400 million share repurchase program approved 
by the Board in 2008. I would like to remind you that Nokia Security Appliance financials are not included in this 
quarter results as the transaction closed mid-April. 

Now I would like to turn the call over to Jerry. Jerry, please go ahead. 

Jerry Ungerman, Vice Chairman 

Thank you, Tal, and hello everyone. I would like to begin today on a personal note. Four years ago I announced the 
beginning of a transition from being Check Point's President to being executive without day to day management 
responsibilities, but still involved operationally. I also became a Vice Chairman of the company. 

At this time, I will be completing the transition, and a result this will be my last earnings conference call. I have really 
enjoyed this aspect of the role and the relationships I have built with many of you over the years. However, I will 
continue as Vice Chairman of the Board, and in this role I will continue to support Check Point and its team as needed, 
and will remain an actively involved Board member. 

I am very pleased with the state of our position in the market as I complete my personal transition at this time. We have 
just delivered our new Software Blade architecture allowing customers to realize the highest levels of security from a 
flexible and manageable platform. The Software Blade architecture is a combination of what our customers and 
partners have been requesting in a superior platform. 

One of the compelling attributes of the Software Blade architecture for customers is the ability to tailor security to 
individual gateways rather than having to adopt a one size fits all approach. By utilizing the Blade architecture, 
customers have the ability to select desired security Software Blades for specific locations or application of the security 
gateway, and additionally they can increase or decrease Software Blades as conditions require. 

This is desirable from a customer standpoint because it provides the ability for a customer to determine and address 
their exact security needs, as those needs change over time or as new Software Blades become available. This level of 
extensibility is unmatched in the security industry, and we believe our focus on security will continue to be a driving 
force behind customers selecting Check Point as their primary security vendor, and standardizing on our Total Security 
solution to address their needs. 


But as important is the total cost of ownership we provide. This revolutionary new approach makes it much more 
economical for users to fully secure their network, and can even save money today by incorporating our new solution 
while displacing a number of older technologies, whether they acquire our software and put it on an open server or buy 
one of our many new appliances utilizing this new Software Blade architecture. 

Finally, we have now completed the acquisition of Nokia Security Appliance Business, further positioning the 
company for continued leadership from a product and financial perspective, and we are posting year-over-year growth 
and record first quarter results in a very challenging environment. These are achievements that any company would be 
proud of. 

With that, I would like to thank all of you for your continued support of Check Point. Now I would like to turn the call 
over to Gil for one last time – last time for me that is, but not Gil. 

Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Jerry. It has definitely been very good 11.5 years, and I'm actually looking forward to many more years that 
we'll work together. And I'm sure that everybody will miss your presence from this call. And – but I would also like to 
begin by thanking all of you for joining us today. As you just heard from Tal and Jerry, the first quarter record results 
and our new product introductions have provided us with good beginning to the year. 

We began 2009 with two big milestones, we launched our R70 major software version featuring the Software Blade 
architecture, and we've just completed the acquisition of the Nokia Security Appliance Business. The Software Blade 
architecture strengthen our already leading security software and continues to raise the bar by delivering the industry's 
only unified security architecture. 

At the same time, we're strengthening the platform on which the software is deployed, and now we believe we also 
have the industry's broadest and deepest supply of product lines, I believe are the best choices and price performance 
for customers with insight. Combining these two shows that you can get the best security software on the best platform 
with no sacrifice in security for speed or reliability. 

For the Nokia acquisition, we just added about 300 new people to Check Point, mainly in sales, product development 
and technical services. Following the completion of this acquisition, we now have approximately 2,200 people in total 
head count. And the Nokia IP appliances will join our UTM-1 and Power-1 security appliance lines, and the Check 
Point IP appliances with integrated software, services and hardware. 

In terms of sales, support and service, all product lines, each one of them include some unique features and benefits and 
enjoys a loyal, enthusiastic installed base. However, we do treat our entire clients in business as one and we will offer 
our customers more flexibility in selecting solutions as we are monitoring the Nokia business, and we'll offer all 
products in a unified business manner. 

As to our financial results, I'm very proud to show results and our outlook for the year especially at these times. During 
these challenging economic times, we have seen so many companies reporting declines in their business below 
year-ago levels, I'm very proud to see growth across our results. 

While there continues to be a high level of uncertainty around the economy and it seems like for any business, we 
continue to be encouraged by our outlook for the rest of the year, which I am going to share with you now. 

Before I provide the numbers, here are a few points about the assumptions of our financial projections primarily related 
to the acquisition. First, we completed the acquisition of Nokia Security Appliance Business on April 13, so not all of 
Nokia's second quarter results are going to be included in our projection for the second quarter. Also, we won't 
recognize a big portion of Nokia's service revenues due to the purchase accounting rules for deferred revenue 
throughout the year. Since we already report our revenue numbers, the deferred revenues will not be recognized or seen 
in our financials. Also starting in the second quarter, we are going to include additional transaction and restructuring 
expenses in our GAAP results. 


And keep in mind, due to the uncertainties around the economy, we will use some of the projections from the 
acquisition to offset rates in the marketplace and which will be reflected in the wider forecast. So here are our 
projections, and non-GAAP which excludes equity-based compensation and acquisition-related charges. 

For the second quarter of 2009, we expect revenues in the range of 205 million to $230 million. Non-GAAP EPS is 
expected to be between 41 and $0.49 a share. For the full year of 2009, we expect revenues to be in the range of 860 to 
$920 million. Non-GAAP EPS expected to be between $1.85 and $1.95 a share. 

Thank you for being with us on the call today, and I'm glad to open the year with these results. Now let's open the call 
for your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is coming from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Please state your 
question. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: Yeah, hi. Thanks guys. Gil, you broke up a little bit. Could you repeat the revenue guidance for 
the full year? And then the follow on question is, were there any customers that you felt that hesitated from purchasing, 
waiting to see the close of the acquisition before deciding how to purchase? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. First, the revenue projection for the year 
is 860 million to $920 million. And again, the non-GAAP EPS for the year is between $1.85 to $1.95 a share. Now 
whether we have customers waiting before purchasing – the clients, to see close of the acquisition, I think the answer is 
probably yes. I'm not sure how many and so on. And overall, I think let's say there were customers now building for 
long time, and Nokia interfered almost a year of uncertainty about the future of their business, and we hope that now in 
April we just passed all the hurdles and all the milestones, and the future is clearer. 

I think that inn the next month or two, we'll still need to spend time with partners and customers and show them our 
joint roadmap and our intentions around mobile products, and I think we're just starting that. We had the first partner 
meeting in the U.S. last week and we intend every week now to have additional meetings – talking about meeting at 
executive level. And in the next coming weeks or so, we're going to such meetings almost in every region of the world. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: All right. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse. Please state your question. 

<Q - Philip Winslow>: Hi guys. I just want to get a little bit more detail on the assumptions for Nokia. Just how much 
revenue are you including in these full year numbers? And then also, just how much did you write down – had to write 
down as far as the services revenue goes? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think that when we made the acquisition we 
gave the general estimate that the Nokia business would be – should contribute to our results about $100 million a year. 
We're still standing behind that number, and that's after all the write-down – the write-down, it's after what we think is 
we'll recognize roughly the remainder of the year. And keep in mind that this number is also subject to uncertainties in 
the economy. 

So I think what we're providing now is a unified outlook with the two numbers. We haven't now looked at too carefully 
about where which number goes where and but we are expecting customers to shift from one product line to another. 
And I think that the overall run projection remains – overall outlook in the business, and maybe taking it a little bit I 
would say I think to the realistic side. I do think that we have people on our single organization which looks for some 


more way directed goals and are a little bit more optimistic about the revenue line. 

I think at this point, it's prudent to us to be on the – I don't want to call it conservative given the economy around, 
because we are showing healthy growth, and we are showing good numbers, and so on. But I would be a little bit more 
realistic view and look at – realistic view of the market outlook. And Tal, anything about the write-downs? I don't 
know if you have something, deferred revenue? 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. Just to clarify, according to accounting rules, a significant portion of 
the deferred revenues we're not being able to recognize. We are not going to add it back, therefore we will have only 
line of revenues, GAAP revenues, and we will not add it back to the numbers. So it's lower levels than an ordinary 
quarter that does not have that effect. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Walter Pritchard with Cowen and Company. Please state your question. 

<Q - Walter Pritchard>: Hi, I'm wondering, Tal, if you could talk a little bit about maintenance revenue, which has 
been – or I guess the subscription support line, which has been somewhat more volatile than I would have expected. It 
was strong in the last couple quarters, and then sort of flattened out into Q1. Is there anything on the Professional 
Services side or anything else that might be driving that volatility? 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: Not really. We've actually seem within the segment last year, we've seen in 
Q1 and Q2 remained on the same levels, and then it picked up towards the end of the year. It's very similar to the level 
we've seen in Q4, roughly $123 million, and reflects the 8% growth comparing to Q1 last year. So nothing out of the 
ordinary, we see the same renewal rates, everything is going pretty well there. 

<Q - Walter Pritchard>: And then just two accounting...? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: We have seen in some cases with the more 
long-term contracts about services, subscription and so on. But overall I think that we're very encouraged by actually 
the stability of that number because the renewal rate is very high, and we don't see too much pressure that you can 
expect otherwise in this economy on this number. 

<Q - Walter Pritchard>: Got it. And then just related to currency, Tal, could you quantify the benefit either 
quarter-over-quarter or year-over-year from currency on the expense line? 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: Currency, okay, sure. This quarter – in general the currencies around the 
world are changing very frequently in the recent two years. We've seen a significant decline in 2007. We've seen it in 
the beginning of 2008. And then towards the end of 2008, the dollar corrected itself or strengthened itself against other 
local currencies. 

Bear in the mind that approximately 50% of our expenses are in local currencies that are not the dollar, mainly the 
Israeli shekel, the euro, the English pound and so on. In Q1, it continued the strengthening of the dollar. And therefore, 
I think on average it was about 7% in local currency strengthening. So all in all, it had an effect of about 2 or $3 million 
comparing to Q4 and around $6 million comparing to Q1. 

<Q - Walter Pritchard>: Great. Thank you very much. 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

Your next question is coming from Kash Rangan with Merrill Lynch. Please state your question. 


<Q - Kash Rangan>: Hi, thank you very much. I was just wondering if – since you've closed the Nokia transaction, 
I'm sure that you've had an opportunity to get to understand the organization a little bit better. What are some of the 
surprises that you're finding and what kind of synergies from a product perspective, operating expenses perspective, 
should you be expecting going forward? Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: So let's start with operating – well, I don't want 
to call it efficiencies, but structure. In terms of our sales force, we're facing basically the same customers, the same 
channel with very similar product. And we added almost the entire Nokia sales force to our team, but we are basically 
going to reassign the regions and people are going to find themselves in very different roles. We're not going to have 
two people calling on the same account or in the same channel. So basically this will strengthen our field operation in a 
pretty big way in that regard. 

In R&D, similar, not identical, because in the future we are going to develop unified product lines. So we're not going 
to have separate developers for a Nokia operating system and a separate people for Check Point share the development. 
We're going to unify many of these development groups. Of course we're going to have a lot of support and a lot of 
enhancement to the current version and the current appliances, so not necessarily all the people are going to work on 
new joint projects. 

And as I said, we are having people primarily in development favoring support, because we didn't have many people in 
other areas like logistics and finance and HR and MIS. We are primarily going to use the Check Point infrastructure for 
that, and especially having, we feel after purchase, we feel Nokia, it's hard, but what we acquired didn't have many of 
the rest of these people. They were getting services from the corporate Nokia. 

There's always some risk in the level of sales, I mean wherever customers are going to purchase, which projects people 
are going to purchase, which product lines and what we see for the future, we are trying to of course to calm it down, 
but it's having somewhat of a risk. It's also about the business terms with the customers' hardware primarily, we'll try to 
get the best of both worlds in terms of business terms. 

And in the next quarter or so, we want to implement a transition and change all the business terms to all the Check 
Point partners to be in line with the same business practices or unified set of business practices. And these are a lot of 
technical things, but since the financial impacts like discount rate and product pricing and things like that. So these are 
also things that we have to watch out for in terms of potential unknowns about how the market behaves when we 
implement some of those changes. 

<Q - Kash Rangan>: Thanks. It looks like though there's a lot of moving parts here and certainly operationally, there's 
a lot of realignment that's going on. I was just wondering if you have factored in any potential for a risk in integrating 
the operation going forward? How comfortable do you feel with where you stand with in relatively different pieces of 
channels, the sales then and the marketing and the research organization into your company? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: So first the good news is so far it seems they're 
moving pretty well. It's not too much time, but it's already two weeks and all the Nokia people are in their new 
positions. At Check Point, we see a very high level of motivation seeped – creeped into the organization. And so while 
we get good feedback from the channels and so on, but also by the way some of those are the risky part because if you 
don't see many big problems in the beginning, that means that some of them at least could come in – will come next, 
because we will have some more things that are unforeseeably come with that. 

In terms of briefing the financial model, again today's economy is very hard to say what will come and what we will 
become but we did give it a wide range and we did take what I think is a relatively realistic or conservative, even 
approach to the bulk numbers. If we wanted, we could have come up with a much, much higher projections. Again, if it 
wasn't for today's economy, we might have done that today, our job will be in the more realistic, conservative side, 
especially when we're talking about the top line numbers today. 

<Q - Kash Rangan>: Okay. Thank you very much. 


Operator 

Our next question is coming from Israel Hernandez with Barclays Capital. Please state your question. 

<Q - Israel Hernandez>: Good morning or good afternoon, everyone. Two quick questions here around deferred 
revenue. It looks like that was down quarter-over-quarter a couple of percentage points. Could you just talk about some 
of the factors that were driving that? I would have expected that to be up sequentially. Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I believe that the main factor – I'll let Tal 
comment later, but I believe that the main factor was simply the fact that many people renewed their contract in Q4. I 
think part of people – the fact that people wanted to finish the year and almost "flush the budget" but many customers 
that we heard didn't know what's going to happen in 2009. So many customers wanted to renew their contracts in 2008. 

Of course I will tell people also had the motivation to close many contracts last year rather than the beginning of this 
year. Having said that, we had a pretty good renewal rate for the beginning of the new year. We are maintaining very 
high level of deferred revenue. And so I'm actually pretty pleased with the results, but I think some of the Q1 numbers 
are actually we've seen them earlier in Q4 deferred revenue. 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah... 

<Q - Israel Hernandez>: And – go ahead. 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: Sorry. Go ahead. 

<Q - Israel Hernandez>: I don't want to cut you off. Go ahead, Tal. 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. I just want to say, you can see both in the growth rate in Q4 within 
the deferred revenues grew more than the revenues. And I agree with Gil that the shift between that Q4 and Q1 earlier 
closing of booking of – and we see often the renewal rates, which did not decrease, we did not get a decrease in the 
renewal. So it just shifts between the quarters. 

<Q - Israel Hernandez>: Okay, great. And can you just provide us a little bit of an update on the Pointsec business? 
What trends are you seeing there, is the business still growing, what are you seeing competitively, any changes in 
pricing, et cetera? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: In that business, first, we don't look at it 
anymore as Pointsec business, but we've unified our entire endpoint offering. In Q3 we came up – we finally now 
released the – what we think is a very revolutionary product. It's total endpoint security agent with disk encryption, 
anti-virus, anti-spyware, personal firewall, program control, digital encryption, all the components in one VPN. I forgot 
to mention very important in one single unified enterprise suite, and so far we we're seeing good brand traction for that. 

The reason I don't think that the financial performance was as good as we wanted it to be this quarter, I think this is a 
result of two factors. One is the new product. Second is where our people who are focused and what they're trying to 
do. Interestingly, we have seen actually a lot of this, so we have seen better pick-up by the channel, but the average deal 
size went down on that product line. 

And I would say without, I don't have all the numbers right now in front of me, but I would feel that probably the 
results of some price erosion or price pressure on the endpoint – from the endpoint products in general. And this is 
something that obviously we would like not to happen but it doesn't have much of a big effect on our business but 
maybe has more effect in other parts of the industry. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from Robert Breza with RBC Capital. Please state your question. 


<Q - Robert Breza>: Hi. Tal, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about seasonality, and how we should think 
about the Nokia acquisition being integrated? Is there any seasonality from the deferred revenue or just overall trends in 
the business that you'd kind of alert us to or tell us to think about as we kind of model going forward for the rest of the 
year? Thanks. 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. I think the main item, that referred to deferred revenue is that the 
majority of the effects come in the first quarter of consolidation, and then we see a reduced effect. So the effect of not 
being able to recognize part of the service revenues as they were part of the deferred revenues at the closing date is 
reducing over the present quarter and the effect is getting lower and lower, third quarter. It should be over 
approximately four quarters, that effect, and it should be reducing significantly between Q2 to Q3 to Q4. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Just to elaborate is that the Nokia business 
doesn't have a very different seasonality than the Check Point business. So it's relatively similar. So far we've seen the 
Nokia sales less back-end loaded than the Check Point sales within the quarter, but again I don't know if that will 
change or not. 

<Q - Robert Breza>: Okay. Maybe one follow-up, Tal, as you look at DSOs, would you expect as we start to maybe 
stabilize from an economic perspective that DSOs should start to get back down or how are you thinking about DSOs 
and the trend there? Thanks. 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: I think the main – well, when you look at the details of the accounts 
receivable, then you'd see that actually the DSO, taking into account last month's revenue is around 35 days. So I think 
the DSO is quite good. In fact, if you take the average quarterly, then as a result of the fact that the quarter became 
more and more back-end loaded, it just screwed the number of DSO up. So as long as the phenomena of back-end 
loaded quarters will continue, then I expect the deferral to remain in the same vicinity. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I think you can see the evidence of that in 
our operating cash flow. The operating cash flow is primarily a result, not of this quarter results, but of last quarter 
collection, the collection of Q4, and you can see what the record number is, given the fact that last quarter was also 
very good, and it was very back-end loaded. 

<Q - Robert Breza>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Daniel Ives with FBR Capital Markets. Please state your question. 

<Q - Daniel Ives>: Yeah. What percent of the installed base do you think is upgraded to the appliance to-date? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Let me try and – at least for our appliances, 
small portion of it. We have tens of thousands for our enterprise appliance that we shipped, but out of a total installed 
base of 600,000. Now a part have been sold which is also using appliances from Nokia, and I would only say that there 
are 600,000 customer, I mean getting us out there in the marketplace between – again I didn't try to calculate the total, 
but I'll try to give a rough estimate on the spot. Less than 10% reduction, 10% – if I combine Nokia, then it would be 
maybe 20 to 30%. Without Nokia, it's roughly 10%. 

<Q - Daniel Ives>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Sarah Friar with Goldman Sachs. Please state your question. 

<Q - Sarah Friar>: Good morning, good afternoon everyone. Thanks very much for taking my question. Tal and Gil, 
if you could talk to linearity on the quarter in particular I'm asking more on the side if you are seeing some sort of 


bottoming. As you looked at how March came in relative to February and January, and then as you think about how the 
pipeline has built, are you seeing any kind of signals that folks are getting a little bit more comfortable with the fact 
they have budget to spend or is it still quite tough out there from a spending perspective? 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: I think Gil will add later. I think it's quite hard to comment on that since 
the quarter is so back-end loaded that you can't actually recognize a change in behavior in that regard. This quarter was 
more backend-loaded than Q1 last year, slightly less than Q4. So I don't know how to translate that into 


<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I would say the quarter is very back-end 
loaded. Now again, from what I've heard from our COO, this quarter, this phenomena happened in all the marketplace, 
January and February were very quite months. I am very encouraged to see that we showed strong ending in first 
quarter. I don't know if I can attribute that to a change or effect or a marketplace or just with the fact that our quarter is 
more back-end loaded. I want to see the half – the full half plus when it's the economy. I want to see – the empty one is 
just the fact that – it's good that we, that people made numbers and since were good in their forecast, but the quarter is 
just becoming back-end loaded. 

<Q - Sarah Friar>: Got it. Okay. And then just a quick second one. You now are keep growing that cash balance with 
that great cash collection this quarter. Is there anything – I mean as you think about the use of cash, would you get 
more aggressive on the repurchase? Would you ever considered dividends – M&A? I mean how are you thinking about 
that use of cash? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think we are using – we are looking at all 
these options and we've clearly continued to execute on the buyback program. And we are looking for more position 
and definitely this time in the marketplace now there are interesting opportunities. Again, it doesn't change the strategic 
outlook of how easy it is to find companies that would fit our portfolio. 

But clearly, we are seeing interesting opportunities for acquisitions. And now that we finished the Nokia one, we are 
more open to look at the other things and to accelerate the pace at which we are looking. And so I think we are open to 
all the options. And we – every quarter and every time, we look at what the right thing to do with the business in 
general and with the cash balance in particular. 

<Q - Sarah Friar>: Okay, great. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Brian Freed with Morgan Keegan. Please state your question. 

<Q - Brian Freed>: Thanks for taking my call. Really it's kind of two product categories I want to delve into a little bit 
more. You guys are focused on Software Blades now and the virtual deployment of firewalls as well as IPS later this 
year. Can you talk about how these delivery methodologies are impacting purchasing trends, or you expect them to? 
And also, with respect to virtualization, what do you think of the impact of your business, as well as the impact to ASPs 
as people look to deploy virtual firewalls, virtual IPS etcetera? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: The first, the Software Blades is some sort of 
virtualization, but a different kind, our own thing just for that. But the Software Blade traction is very good, especially 
given today's economy, because many customers that in the past said that they weren't comfortable using multiple 
systems from multiple vendors with multiple operating teams, are looking more and more carefully about consolidating 
purchases and getting a higher level of economical efficiency and technology efficiency. 

Now they need the technology and I think the Software Blade gives them the platform to do that. They can take the 
firewall, they can take their gateways, and next week, many, many more functionalities, IPS is clearly one of the them 
and clearly one that I think can have a big impact for a maximum of the market in general, because you can definitely 
suit IPS. It's very high speed on our gateways, and get much better security operating costs that can go down between 
50 to 90% on the IPS part, which is something that again, a year ago when I talked to customers, their level of openness 


was low to medium, today I think the level of openness of customers that we think is starting to be high. 

So I think from that perspective it will help. And virtualization in general is not a trend that you see a lot in our 
industry. We do have a virtual addition to our general products, we do have the VSX product line, which allows 
companies to consolidate or can consolidate hundreds of gateways under one physical gate. The VSX is a product line 
that we've done for many years. It's a very stable product. I can't say that we see a big traction in terms of customers 
trying to build, new customers in firewalls or VPNs or security in a virtual environment part of it is because you want 
to look at the security of the dedicated feature, very high performance that exists around the data centers and not inside. 

So I am hoping that this is a big potential for us for many years to give us more and more people deployed this type of 
environment, then we'll need to secure this environment also from the inside and not just from the outside and with 
VPN-1 we definitely have the ability to do so. And given that we're the only major software company in that space, I 
think that we will benefit from that as customers in that and there's no other vendors, significant vendors doing that 
today. 

<Q - Brian Freed>: Okay. And just as follow-up, as you look at the software blades and where you think you are best 
positioned to gain share, do you think IPS is the segment where you are best positioned or do you think there's other 
segments that are equally good opportunities? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: No. There's a lot of segments that are an 
opportunity for the Software Blades, because the one thing it does for every customer is every new customer works 
about 20 Software Blades. So it really allows us to be in a very flexible, very manageable, very cost effective way to 
allow customers to upgrade. Now first, many customers will need to upgrade to the software blade architecture and that 
will take some time. But customers are looking at it very, very favorably. 

There is many customers that are centralized in Check Point and focused on us and we are their key vendor. But their 
main news is that primarily the firewall, and for each one of these, the VPN and with the acceleration, and there is 
many more areas in security, there is the emphasis on VPN, there is remote access. So many things that they can do, 
again I think that IPS is one of the big ones, but definitely not the only one in terms of growth potential. 

<Q - Brian Freed>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Shaul Eyal with Oppenheimer. Please state your question. 

<Q - Shaul Eyal>: Thank you. Hi. Good afternoon, guys. One quick question, a general question for you, Gil, on my 
end. Basically, since you started the due diligence process on Nokia's appliance division and basically until today kind 
of the first time, in which you're discussing financials for the division. Any changes in views? Any skeletons coming 
out or anything unusual or basically your view is becoming more favorable or just neutral? Basically what you had then 
on the first date is basically what you got when you provided us with the Nokia guidance today? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I'd say in general first, the economy – there has 
obviously been improvement. In terms of what we have seen with Nokia, Nokia is obviously a reputable good 
company, so we haven't found any skeletons and what we're finding so far is pretty good. I mean in terms of financial 
due diligence, I don't think that we have any surprises, maybe surprisingly low level of surprises right now. If I do have 
one surprise, it's a positive surprise that we see a very loyal installed base for the Nokia IT appliance platform, a really 
enthusiastic one. 

And that I think very, very important because we are seeing that the Nokia customers, many of them, many large ones 
are very committed to the operating system there, the platform there, and are looking forward to Check Point's 
continued support, and that, that perspective, make it an even more valuable purchase on our side. I don't know, Tal, if 
you want to 



<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: Just remind you that this acquisition is not – we didn't purchase shares of a 
company, but actually a list of assets and liabilities and, therefore, it automatically limits the arsenal of surprises you 
can have as you don't get a company with the books, the commitment, the tax risks and so on. 

<Q - Shaul Eyal>: That's fair enough. Thank you very much and good luck. 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Todd Raker with Deutsche Bank. Please state your question. 

<Q - Todd Raker>: Hey, guys. Two questions on the Nokia transaction. Can you give us a sense for the impact on 
gross margin going forward? And if you look at the Nokia revenue stream today, what percentage of that revenue was 
services based and is impacted by the purchase accounting write-downs? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think that we don't want to break that up to 
now, but Nokia has a healthy new product and healthy supported subscription portion for the business. What was the -? 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: I think it's fair to say that the split between products and services in 
general is quite similar to Check Point. And in terms of the gross margin, again, you can't comment on that in the sense 
that we don't know how the numbers will end up in terms of what the customers will choose to purchase in the future, 
be it the products and the appliances of Check Point or the products and the appliances of Nokia IP product. We also 
are going to offer a Nokia product, including software now, so the whole model of the gross margin 


<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: The business model for the gross margins will 
change significantly. We're also by the way going to in many areas to reduce cost, and do differently many of the things 
about the Nokia manufacturing business and things like that differently than were done before. The Nokia support 
business, with some parts of this were outsourced. We're going to drastically cut the expense on that one. 

There is a lot of synergies or opportunities there, but I think it's a little bit early to comment on how it will shape up 
because that will happen over time. I don't think that in one quarter we are going to change the way we are doing 
manufacturing and so on. But over the next year or two, I think we're going to stabilize the operating margins there and 
yet with closing, we can do with the Check Point model. 

<Q - Todd Raker>: Okay. And then one follow-up, you guys mentioned some restructuring charges going forward. 
Can give us any sense for the magnitude of those? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think it could be in the 10, $20 million round 
roughly numbers. Again, we don't have those numbers, otherwise we may have given them right now. But when we're 
talking about things in the 10 plus million dollars not hundreds, not one or two. Let's put it that way. 

<Q - Todd Raker>: Okay. Thank you much. 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: Just one comment on that, it would include the two main things. One is 
obviously the amortization of tangible assets as part of the acquisition. Once we would finalize the study then we will 
have the numbers. And the second is a severance payment and other payments relating to the transaction cost. 

<Q - Todd Raker>: Yeah. Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question is coming from Tal Ziv (sic) [Ziv Tal] with Oscar Gruss. Please state your question. 


<Q - Ziv Tal>: Hi, good afternoon, Gil, Tal, Kip and Jerry. Tal, can you please tell us what the dollar rates you are 
using this quarter? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Dollar rates we were using where? 

<Q - Ziv Tal>: The currency, the dollar to shekel rate, sorry. 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: It's very similar in that regard to the ones we used in the guidance. 

<Q - Ziv Tal>: Okay. And a quick question about operating margins. What are you expecting next quarter when the 
acquisition of Nokia comes into the numbers as compared to this quarter? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think the first quarter the operating margin 
will go down because they're going to have a lot of expenses and we are unsure about the level of revenue, then I think 
as time goes by, we will on one hand grow the revenues and monitor and align the expenses in a better way. So I think 
the first quarter is going to have a negative impact to the operating margin, future quarter it's going to start ramping up. 
I think overall we're still going to be close to the 50% operating margin, and we're going to be around that number also 
in the future. 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. I just had one sentence, it's breakeven to accretive already in the 
first quarter. The only question you are referring to right now is to the margin, and since Nokia business originally does 
not carry the Check Point margin, then the first quarter will be lower than Check Point's margin, then it will take a few 
quarters hopefully to get it nearer and nearer to our margins. 

<Q - Ziv Tal>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our last question comes from Michael Turits with Raymond James. Please state your question. 

<Q - Michael Turits>: Hey, guys. Couple of questions. First of all just a clarification, the $100 million contribution, I 
just want to make sure that's post the write-downs, so that includes the write-down? 
<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: Yes. It is 
<Q - Michael Turits>: Okay. 
<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: The write-down, it's only the portion that we 


will recognize. 
<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. 
<Q - Michael Turits>: Right. The 100 million is what you'll recognize. Okay. And then any idea of the contribution 


that's built into your guidance for 2Q from Nokia both in revenues and in EPS? 
<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: No. Again we said we are not breaking down the numbers between Nokia 


revenues and Check Point revenues and we really don't know which type of project the customer will choose at the end 
of the day. 
<Q - Michael Turits>: And then any rough idea of what your percentage of product was from appliances in the 


quarter? 
<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: What percentage, can you repeat the question? 
<Q - Michael Turits>: Yes. Roughly what percentage of your product revenue was from appliances in the first 


quarter? 
<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: It was higher than 40%. 



<Q - Michael Turits>: Okay. And then the last question is just that you had mentioned that non-core revenues really 
fell off. Was that all on the Pointsec and data security side and is there still growth there or is that data security piece 
now declining year-over-year? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: It didn't grow between last year and this year or 
between last Q1 and this Q1. It did grow last year, or at least portions of it. I don't know what it will mean for the future 
of that, but definitely a big part of the business is more under pressure than the whole core network security business. 

<Q - Michael Turits>: Okay, guys. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

This does conclude the Q&A session. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for any closing 
comments. 

Kip E. Meintzer, Director, Investor Relations 

Thank you, guys, for joining us today on the call. We appreciate it, all your participation. If you would like to speak 
with management after the call, please call our Investor Relations line at 650-628-2050. Anyways we'll look forward to 
talking to you guys in the future. Thank you, and have a great day. 

Operator 

This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your 
participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


