Q4 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Kip E. Meintzer, Investor Relations 
• Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer 
• Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Brad Zelnick 
• Daniel Ives 
• Katherine Egbert 
• Shaul Eyal 
• Jeff Evenson 
• Philip Winslow 
• Todd Raker 
• Brian Freed 
• Rob Breza 
• Sterling Auty 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Greetings, and welcome to the Check Point Software Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2009 Financial Results. At this time 
all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. 
[Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. 

It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Kip Meintzer, Head of Investor Relations for Check Point Software 
Technologies. Thank you, Mr. Meintzer. You may now begin. 

Kip E. Meintzer, Investor Relations 

Thank you. Welcome to all of you joining us today. This is Kip E. Meintzer, Head of Global Investor Relations for 
Check Point Software. On the call with me today are Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and CEO, Tal Payne, Chief 
Financial Officer. We would like to thank all of you for joining us to discuss Check Point's fourth quarter and fiscal 
year 2009 results. As a reminder, this call is being webcast live on our website and is being recorded for replay. To 
access the live webcast and replay information, please visit the Company's website at checkpoint.com. For your 
convenience, the conference call replay will be available through February 4. If you'd like to reach us after the call, 
please contact Investor Relations at +1-650-628-2050. 

Now, before we begin with management's presentation, I'd like to bring the following to your attention. During the 
course of this call, Check Point representatives will make certain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking 
statements may include our expectations regarding the amount of available for – amount of ordinary shares available 
for repurchase, our expectations regarding demand for our security products, our expectations regarding the 
introduction of new products and the success of those products, our expectations for the continued and additional 


adoption of our current products and new products, our expectations regarding the potential impact of market 
conditions on our business as we move forward, and our expectations regarding our business outlook for the first 
quarter and full year of 2010. 

Other statements, which may be made in response to questions, which refer to our beliefs, plans, expectations or 
intentions, are also forward-looking statements for the purposes of the Safe Harbor provided by the Private Securities 
Litigation Reform Act. Because these statements pertain to future events, they are subject to various risks and 
uncertainties and actual results could differ materially from Check Point's current expectations and beliefs. 

Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, the risks outlined in the press 
release that we issued today and the risks discussed in Check Point's Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 
December 31, 2008, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Check Point assumes no obligation 
to update its forward-looking statements. 

Now, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Tal Payne, Check Point's Chief Financial Officer. 

Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Kip. Good morning and good afternoon to everyone joining us on the call today. I am happy once again to 
begin the review of an excellent quarter and what turned out to be an exceptional year for Check Point. This quarter we 
achieved record results across all our key metrics. Our results, both quarterly and for the full year, exceeded the 
high-end of our projections as we continued to demonstrate solid growth across all regions. Our revenues for the fourth 
quarter increased by 25% over the same period in 2008, while our non-GAAP EPS was $0.61, representing 22% 
growth year-over-year. 

Before I delve further into the numbers, let me remind you that our fourth quarter and fiscal year GAAP financial 
results include equity-based compensation expenses in accordance with ASC 718, expenses relating to our acquisitions 
including amortization of intangibles, impairment to marketable securities in accordance with ASC 320, and the tax 
effect of such items. 

Keep in mind that the non-GAAP information is presented including these items. In our press release, which has been 
posted on our website, we present GAAP and non-GAAP results along with reconciliation tables, which highlight these 
data as well as the reasons for our presentation of the non-GAAP information. 

Now let's take a look at the financial highlights for the quarter. In the fourth quarter, our revenues exceeded the 
high-end of our projections. Revenue reached $272.1 million, representing an increase of 25% compared to $217.6 
million in the fourth quarter of 2008, and a 16% sequential increase over the third quarter of 2009. 

Our revenue growth was evident across all regions with Asia-Pacific being particularly strong. Revenue distribution by 
geography for the quarter was as follows: America contributed 42% of the revenues, Europe, Middle East and Africa 
was 45%, and Asia-Pacific and Japan region contributed the remaining 13%. 

Looking at revenues by type, our product and license revenues were $120.2 million, representing 28% growth over the 
same quarter a year ago and 38% growth sequentially. This was accomplished even with the shift from product 
revenues to subscription revenues as a result of the Software Blade architecture. 

As a reminder, earlier this year, we launched our Software Blade architecture. As a result, almost all of our new 
products have a recurring blade that is included in the basic product price. This portion is recognized as subscription 
revenue over a year, resulting in a shift of revenues from products to subscription. 

Our software updates, maintenance and service revenues increased by 23% year-over-year to $151.9 million in the 
fourth quarter of 2009. The growth in deferred revenues was also significant this quarter. Deferred revenues as of 
December 31, 2009 was $425.3 million, an increase of $94.5 million or 29% over December 31, 2008, and an increase 
of 61 million – $65 million over the deferred revenue balance as of September 30, 2009. 


From a deal-size and quantity perspective, this quarter we saw an increasing number of larger deals. Transactions 
greater than $50,000, accounted for 60% of the total order value compared to 53% in the same period a year ago. We 
had 29 customers that each had transactions with a value greater than $1 million compared to 22 in the same period last 
year. 

From an operating perspective, we posted great results. Our non-GAAP operating income was $152.7 million in the 
fourth quarter of 2009, an increase of 27% compared to the same period in 2008. This also reflects the highest 
non-GAAP operating income in the history of the Company. 

GAAP net income for the fourth quarter of 2009 was $109.5 million or $0.51 per diluted share. The GAAP net income 
in the fourth quarter of 2009 includes additional amortization of intangible asset expenses in the amount of $4.9 million 
relating to the acquisition of Nokia Security Appliance business. Net of taxes, this charge totaled $4.5 million or $0.02 
per diluted share. 

Non-GAAP net income for the quarter was $129.5 million, or $0.61 per diluted share, up from $105.6 million, or $0.50 
per diluted share a year ago. Earnings per share exceeded the high-end of our guidance, representing 22% growth 
year-over-year, primarily as a result of our top line growth and expense management. 

I would like to draw your attention to the fact that this quarter, the number of shares used in the computation of diluted 
earnings per share increased to 213.5 million shares, mainly as a result of the increase in Check Point share price. 
Going forward, the number of shares will continue to be affected by a movement in the share price. 

For the fourth quarter, DSO, days sales outstanding, was 76 days compared to 82 days last year, a reduction of six days. 
Our cash flow operation was very strong this quarter, increased by 54% to $138.1 million from 89.4 million in the 
fourth quarter a year ago. During the quarter, we purchased approximately 1.5 million shares for the total cost of $50 
million as part of our share repurchase program. 

Moving forward, we have $31 million remaining from the 400 million plan approved by the Board in 2008. In addition, 
we announced today an expansion of the share buyback program with a new program authorized by the Board enabling 
to repurchase our shares in an amount of up to $250 million for the year. 

Now let's take a look at 2009 physical year highlights. For the year ended December 31, 2009, revenues were $924.4 
million, an increase of 14% compared to $809 million in the year-ended December 31, 2008. Non-GAAP net income 
was $435 million, an increase of 13% compared to $386 million in 2008. Non-GAAP EPS for 2009 was $2.05, an 
increase of 15% compared to $1.78 in 2008. 

On the operating side, we achieved a non-GAAP operating margin of 55% for the year, up from 53% in 2008 and 51% 
in 2007. This was as a result of our focus on efficiencies and productivity, but also driven by the higher revenues that 
we achieved during the year. 

The synergies associated with the successful acquisition of Nokia Security Appliance business contributed to this 
record result. This is a great accomplishment, taking into account the higher cost structure of the acquired business. 

For the year, cash flow from operations has reached a record $549 million, bringing our cash marketable security 
balance in the year-end to $1,846,999,332 and a great way to finish the year. 

Now, let me turn the call over to Gil and for his thought on the fourth quarter and the full year. 

Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Tal, and good morning and thank you all for joining us today. The fourth quarter completed a very good 
year and produced exceptional results. We were ahead of our expectation and plans for the quarter. I hope it is a good 
sign for the global economy, but I can also see in our business result, how key initiatives contributed to the success. All 
of our product lines produced amazing growth from the third quarter, which as you recall, was a great quarter as well. 


If you look at the growth of our product and license revenues, we grew sequentially by 38%. The highest 
quarter-over-quarter growth that I could find in our history. This is attributed to the execution of our team as well as the 
acceptance of our new product, which addressed customer needs. The two main contributors and initiatives that help us 
achieve these results in 2009 were our appliance strategy and our Software Blade architecture. 

We've expanded the UTM-1 and Power-1 appliance families. We have introduced new appliances for security 
management, the SMART-1 series and in the second quarter, we've added the IP series of appliances that we've 
acquired from Nokia. 

The Software Blade architecture, which is part of our R70 release, which was introduced in 2009 is now the de facto 
standard for all new products. 

If you recall in the previous quarter, I mentioned that almost 50% of our new product sales are based on the Software 
Blade architecture. This quarter, this number reached 80% of new product. 

For comparison, our previous version, NGX R65, which had very good acceptance, only reached about 50% of new 
sales after three quarters. I hope this is a continued indication that there is a good fit of the architecture to our 
customers' security requirements. 

It is also good to see that the previous trends we reported continued in the fourth quarter. All regions of the world 
contributed nicely to the growth this quarter and Asia led the pack with over 40% growth this quarter compared to a 
year ago, and close to 80% product growth between this quarter and the previous quarter, and the previous Q4 in last 
year. 

On almost every possible business and financial metric, the fourth quarter was a great record quarter from the number 
of gateways we shipped to the cash balance we accumulated. But with that in mind, our main focus is investing in the 
future of IT security. 

One of the key attributes of Check Point is our security architecture, which is demonstrated best with our Software 
Blade architecture. We're going to continue and expand it with enhanced network security solution, endpoint 
technology and then expanding portfolio of data security technology. With these investments and extension, we expect 
2010 to be an exciting year. 

Our focus is to help our customers solve today's security maze, one which consists of too many security products from 
too many vendors resulting in increased complexity with reduced security. We're building solutions that help our 
customers reduce the number of security vendors they need, simplify the deployment and management of security 
while simultaneously reducing the cost of ownership and, most importantly, elevating the level of IT security. 

While there are other good companies in the security space, we believe that we are uniquely positioned to deliver on 
these attributes with the industry's only security architecture that ties all the security components together. 

So in 2010, you can expect us to make the Firewall an even more important aspect of the security infrastructure and 
introduce more complementary security products in additional categories from mobility to data security. 

As for financial projection, the fourth quarter gave us some good reason to increase our goals and plan. However, it 
will take few more quarters to know if what we have seen in the past few months is a year-end flash or indication that 
the economy is stabilizing and improving. So we're entering 2010 optimistic but cautious. 

For the year, we expect revenues in the range of $990 million to $1.40 billion, and non-GAAP earnings per share 
between $2.20 to $2.30. GAAP based EPS is expected to be approximately $0.30 less than that. 

Beyond the obvious business drivers, there are two factors that impact our projections that are somewhat beyond our 
control. Our non-U.S. dollar expenses are expected to grow due to the dollar's weakness, while our revenues are almost 
exclusively in dollars. And lastly, our diluted share count has grown recently with the increased share price. 

Like this year, I expect to see a healthy year-over-year growth rate with a strong fourth quarter. The first quarter is 
actually expected to show growth rate above the annual rate. For the first quarter, we expect revenues in the range of 


$232 million to $245 million, and non-GAAP earnings per share of 0.48 to $0.55, GAAP-based earnings per share is 
expected to be approximately $0.09 less than that. 

Thank you for being with us in the call today. And now let's open the call for your questions. Thank you very much. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Our first question is coming from Brad Zelnick of Macquarie. 

<Q - Brad Zelnick>: Thanks guys. Good morning, and thanks for taking my questions. Great quarter. Great margins. I 
was hoping you can just share with us what the mix of appliances were in the quarter? And with that, where do you see 
them going, and when you go to market and then we think about customer preference, does this business eventually go 
to 80, 90, maybe even completely appliances? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I don't know what you mean by mix of 
appliances, but all of our product lines and all of our appliances grew nicely this quarter. We had very nice, both 
revenue and unit growth from all product lines. We've seen great success from the low end of appliances like UTM-1 
130 that were introduced earlier in the year. They contributed greatly to the number of units and to the revenues. We've 
seen good acceptance of some new appliances like SMART-1 Management Appliances. It contributed a few million 
dollars. The IP Series appliances produced good results, but the Power-1, UTM-1, and other appliances that we have 
also produced excellent results. So I think overall, the mix was very positive, very good. 

And if you recall whether how – what percentage of sales will be appliances? First it's very high – first it's very high 
today. But let's remember the appliance is the delivering mechanism. The appliance is not the value. The value is in the 
software which runs on top of it. And I mean I'm very glad that we can combine in Check Point a unique business 
model that both has the elements of software annuities that softer companies enjoy and have the new model, and new – 
and new products, that in some cases, appliance or hardware companies enjoy. So now I can say after three, four years 
of trying to build this model, I don't know if you reached a stable state, but we reached a very good state of business 
mixing the two business model and seeing the stability that the software annuity model provides and the new product 
sales that the appliance upgrade cycles and the new appliances provide. 

<Q - Brad Zelnick>: Thank you, Gil. And if I could just ask one follow-up, software updates and services came in a 
little less than we had modeled as we've taken your prior commentary around Software Blade architecture to heart. 
Maybe we got a little overexcited about what it could deliver at least in the near-term. But can you maybe just comment 
about the drivers to that revenue line even on renewal rates on support? Are customers maybe opting for lower-end 
support offerings? And is opportunity for support maybe going more to partners? Thank you very much. Again, great 
quarter. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I don't know. Again, I haven't seen the model. 
So it's hard to comment on that on this call. But we are very pleased with the subscription and the support results that 
we have. By the way, the appliance model also allows us to give customers much more attractive support rates, because 
the mix of support revenues on hardware and software, we can give much lower rates, yet increase revenues in a very 
nice way. So we think in the past customers were comparing our software support rates to hardware support rates and 
we're in some cases seeing high support rates, even by the way for software companies, I think, our rates are very, very 

– are very good in the marketplace. I think now we have a new mix. And overall, I must say that we are very pleased 
with the renewal rate. You can also see that on the deferred revenue growth, which is the best indicator, and the 
deferred revenue grew very, very well this year. So I mean, all – from my perspective the [inaudible]. 
<Q - Brad Zelnick>: Thanks again. Great job. 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from Daniel Ives of FBR Capital Markets. 

<Q - Daniel Ives>: Thanks. Great quarter again. What are you seeing from customers when they are talking about IT 
spending growth? I mean you're a veteran of the industry, what's your sense in going to these customers and just what 
you're seeing in terms of buying behavior, changes and their thoughts on 2010? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I mean, I haven't spent – I mean, the last few 
months, I have been a lot in Asia. So I mean, I'm not sure if it is indicative to what you're seeing in the U.S. But overall, 
my sense, the customers are relatively optimistic. I mean, if in the past we heard a lot about pressures to cut budgets 
and it seems like that eased a little bit and we are seeing more interest in new projects. By the way, when I said in my 
script what we've seen in the last few months a very positive trend, last few months is almost since August. And if you 
remember, the Q3 I said that I'm very encouraged by the result and since pretty much August, I've seen an increase in 
the level of demand and increase in new project. Sales people are giving more upside and raising their forecasts. So, I 
think for the last four, five months, I've seen an increased demand. So I hope it's not just year-end budget flush, but a 
little more than that. 

By the way, that's very much in contrast to what we've seen in the first half of the year. The first half of the year there 
was a very big pressure, the low side and the second half of the year the pressure went to the higher side. So generally, 
I'm saying customers are more – a little bit more optimistic. There is no one driver is what we think. Some customers 
would like to drive more expenses to operating expenses and less to capital, other customers it is the opposite. So there 
is no one are trying pick up all the feedback that I have, it's not one trend that I can see worldwide. 

<Q - Daniel Ives>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from Katherine Egbert of Jefferies. 

<Q - Katherine Egbert>: Hi, good morning, everyone. Congratulations. Gil, you mentioned that the renewal rates on 
the updates show up in deferred revenue. But I noticed the increase in long-term deferred revenue is not as great as the 
overall increase in deferred revenue. I mean, are people just still buying sort of shorter maintenance contracts or what's 
going on? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Our maintenance contracts are pretty much one 
year. So I mean, it's almost exclusively one year that we have. We had some unique cases when customer wanted to 
secure a free/three year deal or a free year – and to pay for three years and in 2007 and '08 we also introduced few 
product model that included three year subscription in them, specifically the Software Blade subscription. Back then it 
wasn't called Software Blade, but security services what we called subscription. We're selling, I mean we're pushing 
less of that, because we've simplified the model. It's not from a perspective of customer demand or no demand, it's just 
a simplification, and so I mean there is no major change in that. I think if you looked a year ago and now, the percent of 
long-term deferred revenue was very low, it remains very low and generally speaking, our contracts are almost 
exclusively one-year contracts. I mean, there's almost no contracts that are shorter than one year and there's, very few 
contracts that are longer than one year, exactly one year. 

<Q - Katherine Egbert>: Okay, got it. And then just a quick one. It looks like at the midpoint, you're calling for 22% 
year-on-year revenue growth for this year, which is quite an acceleration, and you only have rough, just over a quarter 
of contribution from an acquisition. Where is that strength coming from? And can you talk about the endpoint 
products? Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: First, I think it's less than 22%. And let's check 
that data, but overall, what we're seeing is, I think is a continued trend, I think we're building our model from a 
bottom-up about how the business is growing. There is nothing, I must tell you, there's nothing too dramatic I think in 


my forecast, I'm trying to balance between sort of – I'm trying to balance between seeing all the good trends and being 
for all the – and product and initiatives that we have to being a little bit conservative. I think if everything goes well and 
all our new products are successful as we want them to be and the economy continues in the rate it's been in the last 
four months, I think we have a – I think we'll see even better results. 

Now as for the guidance, I just want to repeat the annual numbers. The annual numbers for revenue is between 990 
million to $1 million – to a $1.40 billion, and that growth rate at the midpoint, again, I don't know what it will be, 
because this year for example, we've passed the high-end of guidance. So I don't know what will be the actual growth 
and I hope that I'm conservative here, but at the midpoint that still represents about 11% growth. 

<Q - Katherine Egbert>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question 


<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: And I was very, very happy to see 22, so it's 
not, I think 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from Shaul Eyal of Oppenheimer & Company. 

<Q - Shaul Eyal>: Thank you. Hi, good afternoon guys . Good quarter, congrats. Two quick questions in mind. The 
data security segment, how did that perform during the quarter? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: So comparing to the third quarter, it was great. 
Again, it grew very nicely. I think most of our data security offerings this year were part of the endpoint business. And 
while I think we've seen some success in the fourth quarter, I don't think it performed, it was the growth engine or it 
was the – or it showed the growth rate that we expected it to be. I do see some signs for change for next year. I think 
we're doing a lot of things from product now. Our latest release for example, that we are releasing for the endpoint is 
really the best suite I ever seen in terms of performance, size, functionality. The R73 release of endpoint is going to be 
great, both in terms of data security and the endpoint capabilities. I believe that in 2010, we'll see renewed and 
accelerated growth from the endpoint. But you asked about data security, I think in 2010, we also want to go to take the 
data security beyond just the endpoint and come up with new data security solutions that will combine the network, the 
endpoint and will be beyond that. And when I – we are speaking about new areas of security, data security on the 
network can be one of them. Is one of them. 

<Q - Shaul Eyal>: Got it. And with respect, Gil, to the product mix as it relates to large enterprises versus SMBs, how 
did that perform during the quarter with respect to your expectation? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think the same. I haven't seen any major 
changes or any significant things. We're continuing to look at the data, analyze the data. We had some initiatives for 
more small business initiatives that I think will work well. I mentioned earlier that the UTM-1 130 for example, 
product that we launched at the beginning of the year is a great success. And like it caused our low to mid end products 
and unit number to grow very, very significantly. So that means that there was an important need for products at this 
price range. And I think that's great that we were able to really see doubling the units in the, let's say, sub $7,000 
appliances based on that product alone. So, nothing major but a lot of small good indication. 

<Q - Shaul Eyal>: Got it. Thank you, and good luck. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 

<A - Kip E. Meintzer, Investor Relations>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from Jeff Evenson of Sanford C. Bernstein. 

<Q - Jeff Evenson>: Thanks. Wondering if you could give us a little bit of color on how you guys evaluate the pipeline 
and the close rates, and then formulate your quarterly guidance? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: There's many different internal processes to 
evaluate that. It starts from collecting the sales pipeline from every region. It goes through multiple levels of checks 
and estimates by the regional VPs, by the financial group and so on. Keep in mind that our business is very, very 
distributed. I mean, unlike major enterprise companies that have small number of very large deals, we don't have any 
deals that's, I mean, if you look at the quarter, I don't know if we have a single deal that's more than 1% of the quarter, 
and the number of orders we take for the quarter is north of 20,000. So I mean it's very, very distributed. That, by the 
way, also is good in many cases, because that means that the run rate and the diversification of the business provides a 
lot of stability. We did see, and I think Tal indicated that for example, this quarter we had 29% of deals over $1 million. 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: 29 deals. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, 29 deals over $1 million compared to 22 
a year ago, so that always provides some good upside. But it's clearly not the majority of the business. I mean, the 
majority of the business is, let's say, deals of $50,000 roughly, not hundreds of thousands and not millions of dollars. A 
fairly good process for that, we are doing it multiple times a quarter, and still at the end, I want to be clear, I think we're 
finishing two years of outperforming in every quarter. Of seeing the sales team really living up to their numbers and 
doing great job. But still predicting the future is not something that's highly reliable or that I can sit here and say that 
this number is locked in and – I mean, I'm entering the year optimistic, so I hope I'm wrong, that the numbers will be 
higher than what I'm predicting, but the other direction is also a possibility. 

<Q - Jeff Evenson>: Are the parameters you're using to translate the sales force in regional comments on pipeline into 
a forecast different than you were using a year ago given that maybe the economy is a little bit more certain now? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: No, I mean, it's not – there is no big change to 
that. Keep in mind by the way that big part of the business is annuity software contracts. So we know what they are and 
we know what we're averaging. We're double-checking ourselves, so we have the exact analytical model, we have the 
exact list of all the contracts and what the historical renewal rate on one hand and then we have the sales forecast that 
they give their perspective. If they're seeing any trends effects, we compare the two and that represents more than 60% 
of the business and then we have new deals that are coming and again there was a mix between sort of run rate business 
coming from the channel to major deals that are more focused and more, like you were saying, specific types, and more 
specific deal and there is a good mix of that. But I don't know that we are – that we've changed the methodology in the 
last few years. I mean, we are improving it, we are making it more accurate. We're seeing changes like the move to 
appliances changes the renewal rate because customers would buy a new product instead of renewing an old contract, 
so. But the methodology in general is the same. 

<Q - Jeff Evenson>: Tal, you mentioned that at your diluted share count is up as the share price goes up. Could you 
give us any rules of thumb on how to think about the increase in diluted shares with the change in the share price? 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: I think we're seeing a significant change in the share price. Also this is a 
type of a good problem in a sense and you've seen that its moved up from a average of $212.5 million to 213.5, so that 
was approximately 1 million shares increase on average for an increase in the share – in the share price that you've 
seen. So I think looking forward, this depends what your expectation is. But you can assume an increase of a few 
hundreds of thousands each 10%. 

<Q - Jeff Evenson>: So it's fairly linear in the range that we're in right now? 


<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: It should be. When you think of the calculation, it's basically the effect of 
all the outstanding options in our shoes. So there should be some linearity there. 

<Q - Jeff Evenson>: Thank you. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: It checks out I think. By the way, keep in mind 
that if you look at the last five years in Check Point, that the number of shares has decreased dramatically. And the 
dilution that we have is actually in – I mean, there's no dilution. I mean, we are – every year, we're buying much more 
shares, and we are allocating new options and new RSUs to employees. The number of shares is drastically increasing 
our – are sort of our dilution for new options, the new shares we issue to employees is less than 1% annually. And the 
number of shares we buy back is much, much higher than that. So keep that in mind that now because of the jump in 
the share price, we achieved one shift up but the five-year trend is very positive, based on what we've seen so far. 

Actually, not many years ago, we had more than 250 million shares, now we're talking about 213 million shares, it's a 
pretty significant decrease in number of shares outstanding. And our practices by the way for allocating stock options 
and RSUs have changed from the late 90s, when the dilution was pretty high to the end of 2000, when as I said, the 
dilution is less than 1% annually. 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: I will just summarize it in a way that if you're assuming in the model that 
the share price will increase, you should assume some increase in the shares. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. 

Operator 

Thank you. We will take our next question coming from Phil Winslow of Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Philip Winslow>: Hi, guys. A great quarter. Gil, I was wondering if you could just give me a sense for maybe the 
age of what used to be called the firewall hardware install bases out there for Check Point appliances. If we actually 
saw a lengthening of that during 2009 and if you actually think we can see some increased replacement or refresh of 
that in 2010? And then, and Tal also, what should we be thinking about that tax rate going forward? Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: The upgrade cycle, first time in this year for the 
first time we've started to fully participate in the upgrade cycle and that's the good news on that. And I think in two 
years, we will be fully into the upgrade cycle. I mean, three years ago, we didn't almost see the upgrade cycle in our 
new product sales because we sold almost no appliances. 2008, it started. 2009, we were, let's say, at half of that. 
Maybe 2010, 2011, we'll start seeing the full upgrade cycle impact our business. Whether that lengthened or shortened, 
I don't know. I mean, I haven't measured it recently, and I think we're seeing all types of projects from all parts of the 
world, some are growing infrastructure, some we are replacing competitors, some are just upgrades. 

There's all kinds of some and just – I mean, we have thousands of new customers every year. I mean keep that in mind 
that we're talking a lot about upgrades and selling to existing customers and that's not a surprise, because we have a 
huge install base and I think we have a huge market share, but we have a lot of pushing to getting into new customers 
and we are having a roughly couple of thousand new customers every single quarter. And these customers usually join 
with small deals and a year later they start to produce larger deals. And the way we work is usually we don't – we sell 
the customer an initial deal a few products and a year later, they come and increase that install base. So I think we're 
seeing good mix between existing and new business in annuity and upgrades and so on. 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: I will just add that as we entered into the appliance arena in 2007-08, 
increasing the line with additional models that as we sell each year more appliance, then our opportunity in the refresh 
cycle going forward when it will start will increase through the years. 

And as to the tax rate, to your question, it was 19% this year. It's expected to be similar next year. And as I always say, 
it can tweak 1% up or 1% down depends on the quarter and then the growth rates, but the assumption for now is in the 
same area. 


<Q - Philip Winslow>: Great. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

Thank you. Your next question is coming from Todd Raker of Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Todd Raker>: Hey, guys. Nice quarter. 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 

<Q - Todd Raker>: I have two questions for you. First of all, could you give us some sense on the Nokia side? You 
know, what percentage of the Nokia installed base has converted to Check Point, and where you stand beyond Nokia 
opportunity? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I'm trying to understand what converted to 
Check Point. All the Nokia customers were Check Point customers. 

<Q - Todd Raker>: Yeah. Upgraded or – yeah, maybe converted is the wrong question, but up sold you guys have 
commented about 60,000 kind of installed units in that base. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I mean, I don't have the core exact unit number 
that we sell, but this business continues to sell. I think what we are now a little bit more open is before there was a 
question to the customer every year, I need to buy a new appliance, what do I buy? A Nokia IP appliance or Check 
Point UTM-1 or Power-1, that's not a question anymore. I mean, today, the customers can choose whatever they want. 
By the way, doesn't necessarily mean that they'll buy UTM-1 or Power-1, there's many customers that before got the 
great deal from Check Point on Power-1 and UTM-1, but now they can get IP series appliance that was previously 
Nokia from Check Point and they're happily buying that. So it doesn't increase in one or the other product. 

And we did see a big increase in the ASP for the IP series, the previously Nokia appliances and that's mainly in the 
result, but now with every new appliance, we also shift new software, a new Software Blade. So on one hand we're 
giving customers very good trade-in deals that before they couldn't get based on their old hardware and on their old 
software. On the other hand, with every deal, we also give them new software. But before, in many cases, we didn't see 
because Nokia didn't have much motivation to sell them, not to sell them, Nokia didn't sell the software. So Nokia 
didn't have any motivation to involve the software. So overall from the IP series, we've seen a very nice ASP increase 
as a result of the shift to Check Point. 

<Q - Todd Raker>: Okay. And then second question for Tal here. If I look at the interest income line, it continues to 
decline which is clearly driven by the interest rate environment that your cash balance continues to go up. Two 
questions, should we continue to model interest income coming down on a quarterly basis for '010? And at what point 
in time do you guys start really step up the stock buyback program? I mean you got over 1.8 billion in cash here, you're 
still accumulating cash on a quarterly basis. What do you guys think in terms of the appropriate cash balance to 
continue going forward? 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: I will take the first part first. What happens in that portfolio, as it's all 
invested in a note that mature over time, some of them over a year, some of them over two years, some of them over 
three years. Then as we saw the decline in the interest rates around the world two years ago, a year ago and so on, then 
you see the effect actually coming into the portfolio or into the income line, the financial income line only over a period 
of time. So it's – it can continue to reduce slightly. And if we will see toward through the year an increase in the 
interest, then we will start to see it increasing. So I would say stable, slightly down. 

<Q - Todd Raker>: Okay. And on the cash balance side, is there anything specific to your domicile in Israel that 
prevents you guys from buying stock more aggressively? 


<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: So in terms of the stock buyback, first we're 
buying stock today at a pretty high rate. And as you saw in the – what we have budgeted for next year up to $250 
million, doesn't mean that we'll use all the budget, but if we continue in the current run rate, it's approximately $50 
million quarterly. We are, because we are enjoying some tax benefits, we are limited by the amount of stock buyback 
that we can do before there is significant tax implication. So we are buying today at close to the maximum that we can 
buy without triggering more tax events on that. And we are not limited by what we can buy. We are limited by the tax 
implication that we have. So we are buying now at almost the full rate and that's right now the main limit that we 
impose upon ourselves rather than anything else. 

We are planning, and I think that the good cash balance is a very, very important asset for future M&A. And I think if 
you heard from our strategy, we want to consolidate more security solutions, we want to be the security infrastructure 
vendor for our customers. And I think the cash, especially given today's financial metrics on the general market and so 
on, the cash is a huge asset from that. I am not sure when and if we'll get to a very large deal. But in the past, we've 
shown that when the right opportunity comes, we are – we do not hesitate to do deals with hundreds of millions of 
dollars, maybe even more. So I think that's a huge asset that will be there for us when we will find the right opportunity 
to expand the portfolio and bring something into our architecture. And let's not forget that because that may provide us 
with some very, very important milestones in the future. 

<Q - Todd Raker>: Okay. Thanks guys. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from Brian Freed of Morgan Keegan. 

<Q - Brian Freed>: Good morning, and a great quarter. Some quick questions just in product mix. As you look at your 
Software Blade architecture, can you comment on which blades are seeing the best penetration currently and which 
ones you're most optimistic about on a go forward basis? And then secondarily, can you give us a little bit of color in 
terms of what sort of uptick you're seeing of your Software Blade architecture onto virtual machines? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: So, first I mean, we are bundling a bunch of 
blades with every new system. So I mean, most of the blades are there because somebody is buying them. And every 
new product and every new appliance come with a collection of blades. It can be three blades, five blades, seven 
blades. We have different models, each coming with different set of blades. One of the blades which we're pushing a lot 
is the IPS blade that was introduced in 2009. I think that has a chance to revolutionize or change, not revolutionize the 
world, but change the industry, because IPS that will become from a auxiliary system that in many cases weren't using 
prevent mode that were extremely expensive, and sort of a separate market in security than the gateway or the firewall 
market, I think we stand for a very, very good chance to consolidate that and make it part of the general gateway and 
bring IPS to every gateway. By the way, today we bundle that blade because we so much believe in that. We now have 
blades with every new system, almost every new system. And the success will actually be determined next year when 
we'll sell the renewal for that blade, because that's an annuity blade that the customer has to pay for every year. So I 
think the real test for that will be 2010 when customers will actually have to renew this blade. 

This blade, by the way, have a tremendous value. Maybe I'll give one example. We've seen a lot of coverage in the 
press in the last few weeks about the attacks in China and the methods of attacks that happened. There has been very 
serious vulnerabilities that a few infrastructure companies have fixed in the last few months. The interesting things 
about those attacks, first they weren't simple attacks. They weren't attacks that involved a simple, like a one-step 
operation. You go to one place, you get something and that's it. They were multi-step operations. You have to go to one 
place, get infected with some vulnerability, go to another place and then this vulnerability starts doing the bad things 
that happened there. They attacked a lot of companies, not just Google and not just in China. They attacked many, 
many companies from many different industries and the reason I am putting that out, because even though the systems 
for this – for some of this have started getting into the market in the last few weeks, customers that have used our IPS 
blade in our recommended configuration were protected against that before these attacks started happening. 


Our IPS has the sort of what we call Zero Day protection against that – pre-emptive protection against those attacks. 
Even though they were multi-step, complicated and so on and customers that were using that were fully protected. And 
again, in the Check Point Software Blade model, that's not a complicated new infrastructure. That's not investment of 
hundreds of thousands. That's one click of activate reset of protection and all your gateways and all your infrastructure 
would have been protected. And that's very, very important to understand. And that's why I do believe in the IPS blades 
and of course there is many, many more blades from management blades, like workflow management, for security 
management and many, many others that I think every customer or almost every customer would want. And because of 
the attractiveness of the blade pricing, the blade is usually priced between 1,500 to $4,000. So it's a very easy decision 
to do in terms of purchasing. 

<Q - Brian Freed>: Great. And on the virtual machine side of things? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think we have a lot of solutions for 
virtualization environments. Our virtual solutions to our VE Edition of product that run in VMware environment. The 
VSX-1, the one with our Virtualized Firewall have shown some nice success last year, especially with VSX appliances 
that have contributed many millions of dollars to revenue. The VE solutions that are more in VMware environment, I 
still think that there's a high potential for that, but I haven't seen the customer. I mean every customer asks about it, 
very few people actually buy the VMs. So I haven't seen the big take off of these solutions. Even though we are fairly 
unique in the marketplace with that and that by the way, drastically differentiates us differently even our – most of our 
competitors that don't have any virtual – any sort of VMware solutions, because they are hardware-based, so they 
cannot run on the – on any software-based platform like VMware. 

<Q - Brian Freed>: Great, thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from Robert Breza of Royal Bank of Canada. 

<Q - Rob Breza>: Hi, Gil. I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit about the competitive environment, who 
you think you are replacing most? And just kind of how that's taking shape here as we head into 2010? And then, Tal, 
as you look at the new products, how much are you forecasting or building into your guidance in new products? And 
just kind of from a timing perspective any help on the new product introductions will be great? Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I believe that overall we are gaining share, and 
I think we are seeing a lot of deals that we're winning. But frankly, my focus was never was on beating the other 
people. It was always selling on our merit. It was always selling because we are good, not because we want to knock 
off the other competitor. I can give one example of deal that happened long time ago, a huge deal, one of the largest 
deals that we had in our history. We were actually pretty late in the game. We were not the vendor there before that. I 
mean, they had our solution but we were not the main candidates, we won deal. But I think overall, over a few years it 
was more than $10 million deal. And one of the reasons that the customer mentioned is not only that we had the best 
solution, but when we came into the account, we showed them what we can do for them. We worked for their needs 
and we didn't mention the competition. They said the two vendors that we – that were here, they only spoke about each 
other and about you, they didn't speak about what they can do for us. 

And the fact that you came in and focused about our needs and about the superiority of the solutions, and not on the 
competition was made it a very easy choice to buy Check Point, and that was a good example. So I think that's our 
strategy overall. We're not into fighting others. Competitors we're seeing the same competitors. I must say that, well, I 
think Cisco continues to be a major player, I don't see them that much – I'm not aggressive, but I don't see the 
know-how in terms of winning sophisticated deals and I don't see them as competing on other deals. Juniper is a little 
bit different. They have a new refreshed product line, and I think a refreshed view on the market. Still I don't – I mean, 
I don't see that our success rate is changing because of that. I think we can deal with it very effectively. So I think the 
two large competitors remain Cisco and Juniper with Juniper a little bit more focused on high-end account and Cisco, I 
think, a little bit more scattered around and less focused on security. Again, that's a very high level view of the 


marketplace. 

<Q - Rob Breza>: And then Tal, I was just wondering how much of the new products are forecasted or put into your 
guidance. Thanks. 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: Actually, when you look at the guidance, you see we brought, there's some 
range there in the top line and I assume you asked specifically about the top line. And there is many initiatives that we 
have also for next year. We take some of them into account, some of them less into account. It depends on how quickly 
we think the market will adopt certain solutions. So it's many assumptions embedded into this. So I can't give you 
specific answer regarding the specific initiatives. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: But overall, I think, the contribution from new 
products we usually model it with the low side because every new product site it has the cycle of – I mean, every 
product that we sell has a sales cycle of three to six months. If we're talking about the product that wasn't announced 
yet, that means that we will start seeing results third and fourth quarter, so it cannot be a huge part of the forecast now. 
When we are talking about new industries, new solutions, which I think some of the things were coming up in 2010, are 
like that, we are even a little bit more cautious. And if we have a product that we intend to launch in June for example, 
most of its results will come in 2011. So we are, I think, a little cautious on that. We have some expectations from 
existing products that, I think, making big steps ahead like the endpoint. But that's not a brand new product. That's 
maybe a new version or a new additions to things that continue to come to the market. 

<Q - Rob Breza>: That's helpful. Thanks. Nice quarter. 

<A - Kip E. Meintzer, Investor Relations>: Jackie, this will be our last caller or question, right now. 

Operator 

Thank you. We'll take the last question coming from Sterling Auty of JPMorgan Chase. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: Yeah, thanks. Hi, guys. A question for Gil. When you talk about consolidating the different 
products and kind of expanding the portfolio, how much of that is actually going to be tightly integrated on-box? How 
much of it do you expect to develop internally versus you've had a strategy of partnering in certain technologies? How 
you going to balance it to? And then maybe, Tal, if you can come in on the back of that and talk about how that would 
impact how you invest in R&D through the year? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: So I think a lot of it is through our R&D. But a 
lot of that is also aided by acquisition, look about the IPS blade. So I think again, there is a huge potential. The 
customer can buy an IPS solution for $30,000 a box and install 50 more appliances throughout the enterprise and pay 
millions of dollars or they can just add an IPS solution for $1,500 to $3,000 without bringing new stuff, without the 
need for new management. So we'll – actually we will see a nice upside and the customer will see a reduced cost of 80 
to 90% compared to our IPS and will see better performance, better security, better integration and simplifying that. So 
that's a good example of how we can, I think, can change some industry. 

Now the main change is by the way is not taking sales from today's IPS vendors. The main change is instead of selling 
IPS to 10% or 5% of the market, is selling IPS to the growth markets. So when I'm speaking about opportunity, the 
opportunity is not beating up an IPS vendor. The opportunity is expanding the number of people around the world that 
actually use that technology because it's became simple, affordable and secure and that's the focus of Check Point from 
day one, was with the first Firewall, we made the Firewall widely available. That was the big change that we made to 
the market and that's in the focus now. And again, that's based on some technology acquisition, not just internal 
development. 

In terms of our investment, if we look at our budget increases next year, the increased investment are in sales and R&D. 
There is no other – I mean, the other things that may change as a result of sales is the cost of goods, but pretty much all 
of the new investments are in R&D and sales, and we believe that we can invest more in sales because that produced 


very good results and we believe that we also need to develop and shift to new products and we're doing both. So that's 
--so that are all the things that we are doing and in the future, I think, we will do more of all of that. 

Kip E. Meintzer, Investor Relations 

Thank you, guys. That's it for the call. We'll be looking forward to speaking with you in the coming day regarding your 
questions offline. Thank you and have a great day. 

Operator 

This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you all for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


