Q4 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Kip E. Meintzer, Investor Relations 
• Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer 
• Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Gregg Moskowitz 
• Daniel Ives 
• Walter Pritchard 
• Philip Winslow 
• Rob Owens 
• Philip Rueppel 
• Brent Thill 
• Sterling Auty 
• Shaul Eyal 
• Brad Zelnick 
• Michael Turits 
• Keith Weiss 
• Katherine Egbert 
• Jeff Evenson 
• Brian S. Freed 
• Jonathan Ho 
• Scott Zeller 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Greetings, and welcome to the Check Point Software Technologies Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2010 Earnings 
Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the 
formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. 

It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Kip E. Meintzer, Head of Global Investor Relations for Check Point 
Software Technologies. Thank you. Mr. Meintzer, you may begin. 

Kip E. Meintzer, Investor Relations 

Thank you, Claudia . I'd like to thank all of you for joining us today to discuss Check Point's record financial results for 
the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2010. Joining me on the call today, as usual are Gil Shwed, our Founder, Chairman 
and CEO and Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer. 

As a reminder, this call is being webcast live on our website and is being recorded for replay. To access the live 
webcast and replay information, please visit the company's website at checkpoint.com. For your convenience, the 


conference call replay will be available through February 7. If you'd like to reach us after the call, please contact 
Investor Relations by emailing kip@checkpoint.com or by phone at +1-650-628-2040. 

Now, before we begin with management's presentation, I would like to bring the following to your attention. During the 
course of this call, Check Point representatives will make certain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking 
statements may include our expectations regarding demand for our security products, our expectations regarding the 
introduction of new products and programs, and the success of those programs and products, and our expectations 
regarding our business and financial outlook for the first quarter and full year of 2011. 

Other statements, which may be made in response to questions, which refer to our beliefs, plans, expectations, or 
intentions, are also forward-looking statements for the purpose of the Safe Harbor provided by the Private Securities 
Litigation Reform Act. Because these statements pertain to future events, they are subject to various risks and 
uncertainties and actual results could differ materially from Check Point's current expectations and beliefs. 

Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, the risks discussed in Check 
Point's Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2009, which is on file with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission. As a reminder, Check Point assumes no obligation to update its forward-looking statements. In 
our press release, which has been posted on our website, we present GAAP and non-GAAP results along with 
reconciliation tables, which highlight the data as well as the reasons for our presentation of non-GAAP information. 

Now, I would like to turn the call over to Tal Payne, Check Point's Chief Financial Officer, for a review of the financial 
results. 

Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer 

Great. Thank you, Kip. Good morning and good afternoon to everyone joining us on the call today. I'm happy once 
again to begin the review of an excellent quarter and what turned out to be an exceptional year for Check Point. 

This quarter, we achieved an all-time record result across all key metrics. Our result, both quarterly and for the full 
year, exceeded the high end of our projections, as we continued to demonstrate solid growth across all regions. Our 
revenues for the fourth quarter increased by 17% over the same period in 2009, while our non-GAAP EPS was $0.73, 
representing 20% growth year-over-year. 

Before I delve further into the numbers, let me remind you that our fourth quarter and fiscal year GAAP financial 
results include non-cash equity based compensation charges, amortization of acquired intangible assets, restructuring 
and other acquisition related charges, impairments on marketable securities and their related tax effects. Keep in mind 
that the non-GAAP information is presented excluding these items. 

Now let's take a look at the financial highlights for the quarter. Fourth quarter revenues were all-time record of $319 
million, an increase of 17% compared to $272 million in the same period a year ago. This growth was driven by 
exceptionally strong product sales, and continued growth in our annuity Software Blades. Product and license revenue 
were $143 million, representing a 19% increase over the same period last year. The growth came from all main 
network security product lines, including the Power-1, VSX-1 and Smart-1. 

Our software update, maintenance and service revenues reached $175.4 million this quarter, a 15% increase 
year-over-year. Deferred revenues as of December 31, 2010 were $464.6 million, an increase of $68 million or 17% 
over September 30, 2010. We had growth in revenues across all geographies, with the Americas and Europe leading the 
growth. 

Revenue distribution by geography for the quarter was as follows. Americas contributed 44% of revenues, Europe 
contributed 40% of revenues, and Asia-Pacific and Japan, Middle East and Africa region contributed the remaining 
16%. 

From a deal size perspective this quarter, transactions greater than $50,000 accounted for 64% of the total order value, 
compared to 60% in the same period a year ago. We had 44 customers that each had transactions with a value greater 


than $1 million, compared to 29 transactions in the same period last year. 

From an operating perspective, we posted great results. Our non-GAAP operating income was $183.6 million this 
quarter, an increase of 20% compared to the same period in 2009. 

This also reflected in the highest quarterly non-GAAP operating income in the history of the company. Non-GAAP 
operating margin for the quarter was 58%, an increase from 56% in the same period last year and 57% in the previous 
quarter. GAAP net income for the fourth quarter of 2010 was $137.4 million or $0.64 per diluted share, up from $109.5 
million or $0.51 per diluted share in the same period a year ago, represented an increase of 25% year-over-year. 

Non-GAAP net income for the quarter was $156 million, or $0.73 per diluted share, up from $129.5 million or $0.61 
per diluted share a year ago. Earnings per share exceeded the high end of our guidance, representing 20% growth 
year-over-year primarily as a result of our top-line performance. 

Our cash flow from operations this quarter was $162.8 million, an increase of 18% from $138.1 million in the fourth 
quarter a year ago. This is mainly a result of strong collection as reflected in our DSO, which was 66 days this quarter 
compared to 76 days in the same period last year. During the quarter, we purchased approximately 1.2 million shares 
for a total cost of $50 million as part of our share repurchase program. 

Now, let's take a look at our 2010 fiscal year highlights. For the year ended December 31, 2010, revenues were $1.098 
billion, an increase of 19% compared to $924 million for the year ended December 31, 2009. Non-GAAP net income 
was $528 million, an increase of 21% compared to $435 million in 2009. Non-GAAP EPS for 2010 was $2.48, an 
increase of 21% compared to $2.05 in 2009. 

On the operating side, we achieved a non-GAAP operating margin of 57% for the year, up from 55% in 2009 and 53% 
in 2008 as a result of our focus on efficiency and productivity, but driven mainly by the higher revenues that were 
achieved for the year. 

Cash flow from operations for the year reached a record $674 million, bringing our cash balance at the end of the year 
to $2.415 billion. 

I'll now turn the call over to Gil for his thoughts on the fourth quarter and the year. 

Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Tal, and thank you everyone for joining us on the call today. I'm very pleased with the fourth quarter and 
year-end results. We delivered all-time high record results that exceeded both our revenues and earnings per share 
projections for the quarter and for the year. We achieved close to $1.1 billion in revenues and delivered non-GAAP 
earnings per share of $2.48. This was also the third consecutive quarter that we realized 19% or better growth in 
product revenues, which continues to reflect strong customer demand for our network security appliances in the 
Software Blade architecture. 

During 2010, we had several new blades and expect to release additional blades over the coming weeks. We released 
new products for Data Loss Prevention, part of our multiyear strategy in data security with new and effective way to 
prevent data leakage. We've had the great acceptance of our Mobility Blade, which was just released in October. It 
enables secure and simple one-click remote access from every iPhone and iPad. Annuity Software Blade led by the IPS 
Blades continued to experience healthy growth during the year and contributed almost $100 million in aggregate. But I 
was also pleased to see that our diversified business around the world kept producing good results. We had good results 
in all geographies, with the U.S. producing great strength and solid results. 

In 2011, we plan to continue expanding our network security platform and our Software Blade architecture. But we also 
plan to take some bold steps in redefining security for the next decade. I believe that customers should use security in 
the much higher level, defining their security strategy and accordingly, their policies and consolidate the way it's being 
enforced. 


Security should grow from a collection of disparate technologies into an effective business process. In the coming 
weeks, we're going to reveal this new vision and demonstrate with our technology, how to bring security into the next 
decade. 

As for financial projection, the fourth quarter gave us some good reasons to be optimistic for 2011. We're targeting 
growth rates of approximately 10% for 2011 with a range around it balancing between the risks and the potential 
upside. So for 2011, we expect the following results. 

Revenues are expected to be between $1.185 billion to $1.225 billion. Non-GAAP EPS for the year is expected to be 
between $2.65 to $2.75 per share. GAAP EPS for the year is expected to be approximately $0.30 less than that. For the 
first quarter revenues are expected to be between $268 million and $279 million. Non-GAAP EPS for the quarter is 
expected to be between $0.59 and $0.62. GAAP EPS for the quarter accordingly, is expected to be approximately 8% 
less. 

So, thank you very much, again, for being with us on the call today. I want also thank all our customers, partners, 
employees for delivering these exceptional results and I'd like to open the call for your questions. Thank you, everyone. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. We'll now be conducting the questions-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is 
coming from the line of Gregg Moskowitz with Cowen & Company. Please state your question. 

<Q - Gregg Moskowitz>: Okay, thank you. Tal, I was wondering if you could just start touching on the recent tax law 
approval in Israel. And first of all, I just wanted to confirm, is it the case that there will be no material changes 
expected, neither the non-GAAP tax rate or cash flow from operations? And then secondly, how should we think about 
potential stock buyback amounts, given the increased freedom around share repurchases? If you could just address that, 
that would be helpful. 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. You're right. I'll give a bit of a briefing on the tax changes for the 
ones who are not familiar. A – corporate tax rates in Israel a few months ago dropped from 25% to 18% over the next 
five years. So it was dropping 1% each year. That change is less relevant to us as we enjoy lower tax rates as a 
privileged enterprise. Today the privileged enterprise was a complex split into three tax brackets that varied every year. 
And the law passed a few weeks ago that simplifies and provides simple, flat reduced tax rates for the privileged 
income, which will be 12.5% from 2013 onwards. 

So that's the plan. So it's passed, which is the good news, which lift the limitation on distributing additional amounts 
subject to tax, additional amounts from a buyback/dividend. So that consideration is off the table and now we're left 
with the regular considerations of cash being used for acquisitions, cash being used for other purposes, buyback and so 
on. 

<Q - Gregg Moskowitz>: Okay, thank you. And then, Gil, Europe seemed to do a little bit better this quarter. I was 
wondering if you can comment on what you're seeing there, broadly speaking. And also if you could just – if you could 
just touch on how the U.K. performed. I believe you saw some softness there last quarter, just wanted to get an update. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think this quarter we had good performance 
all over the world, as I said. I mean the quarter itself, Q4, was exceptional in all perspective. The U.K. actually did very 
well, I think U.K. we started the year slow, but we've recovered and actually had great results as the year ended. Just to 
be clear, U.K. has became the number two country for us worldwide. We had like a five-year run off there, as it was 
only slowed down by the first half of 2010 and recovered the second half. So, I mean overall the U.K. is performing 
extremely well. 


In the U.S. if I may be allowed to bring a little bit more perspective and about our performance all over the world, I did 
mention that the U.S. is a very solid performance this year because I think because overall – well, I think the overall 
growth rates and balance between geographies remains pretty much the same, the U.S. has very smooth results across 
all region across – all areas and excellent results. 

Europe, the results are very different. Some countries performed better, some countries performed less and there is no 
correlation to the macro economy or anything like that. I mean it's really other – I guess other factors were driving. So, 
while the overall Europe and the U.S. looks the same, in the U.S. everything was extremely smooth every single quarter 
through the year-end, producing results that are on plan or better than plan in all the places. And that was really, really 
an excellent year for the U.S. 

<Q - Gregg Moskowitz>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from the line of Daniel Ives with FBR Capital Markets. Please state your question. 

<Q - Daniel Ives>: Yeah, hey. Great quarter. How are you thinking about blade architecture in terms of the ramp-up of 
that throughout the year and how that's going to affect growth for 2011? 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: Can you repeat the question, please? 

<Q - Daniel Ives>: Yeah, in regards to the move to the blades, how are you thinking about that in terms of revenue 
contribution for the year? And just talk about what you're seeing within your install base in terms of that move. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Our existing customers deserved to get 
upgrades based on their maintenance fees that they pay every year, so just upgrading from one version to another does 
not generate additional revenue. It does generate a – no huge amount of revenue based on our subscription model 
overall. It does create a new opportunity for customers to purchase new blades, additional blades for their environment. 
And we are seeing a nice uptick. I've already mentioned that our blades generally have great contribution. The blades – 
by the way, there's two types of blades. There are annuity blades, which the customer get a subscription and pay every 
year and versus, what's called capital blades, which the customer buys only one. 

So I've already mentioned that the annuity blades are getting close to are almost $100 million contribution to our 
results. And between the blades versus – I mean everything. So I mean it's not that one blade or another has the major 
contribution. I did mention that, for example, the Mobility Blades, which we just released had a great few first few 
months and performed ahead of expectation for a first quarter. So overall I think that the move to our Software Blade 
architecture is going pretty well. It does generate upside and mainly, I think is good for the customers. 

<Q - Daniel Ives>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from the line of Walter Pritchard with Citi. Please state your question. 

<Q - Walter Pritchard>: Thanks. Hi, Tal. I'm wondering if you could – just a couple of seasonality questions here. It 
looks like deferred revenue was about a 17% sequential increase and that number, I think if I look at the five-year 
average, it's about 19% or 20%. Just wondering – it looks like it's a little bit below the typical seasonality. And then 
also if I look at your guidance for Q1, it looks like you've traditionally been about – down 10% or so on a revenue basis 
from Q4 into Q1. Looks like you're guiding here down to about 14%. Just wondering in both of those, what may be 
driving them to be a little bit different than what you've seen in the past? 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: I refer to the deferred. I didn't understand the second part, so if you can 
repeat that again, please. 


<Q - Walter Pritchard>: Sure, Tal, it was just your guidance for Q1 of – the revenue guidance implies at the midpoint 
about a 14% decline from Q4 to Q1, which is more of a decline than you've seen over the last say five years of about 
10%. So just wondering why you are expecting to see more of a sequential decline this year in Q1 than you've seen the 
last say five years. 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: Sure, okay. So I will start first with the deferred revenues. You are right, 
when we look sequential growth, it's pretty much in line in the last three, four years around 18%, 19%, 20%. Bear in 
mind that in years that you have acquisitions, as you decrease significantly the deferred revenues in the date of the 
acquisition of the acquired organization, then it start to pick out – to pick up over the next three and four quarters. So 
last year growth between Q3 and Q4 also includes the increase in the deferred revenues from the acquired company, 
which was Nokia. 

So it's not completely apples-to-apples, but almost, the same by the way between in 2007, when Pointsec was acquired 
although less of an effect. So I will say it's in line with the sequential growth of 17%, 18%, 19%. You can see it's, by 
the way, in line completely with the growth in our revenues. So I think it's – it's according to our expectations. Between 
Q1 and Q4 in the guidance, we provided a range and bear in mind that the growth this year was, like Gil said, was 
significantly faster. You can see Q3 was 19%, which again, is not the typical regular growth rate that we saw in organic 
rates. So as Gil said, we took a midpoint, which is taking into account the optimistic view that we looked at and on the 
other hand trying to be more prudent regarding our projections right now. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: And I think keep into – take into consideration 
that Q4 was probably at least 5% higher than what we expected. So we're not automatically rolling that 5% into the 
next quarter but – and you can argue both ways that that means that having a great Q4 means that Q1 is going to be also 
very good, which I think is a good argument. You can also argue the other way around, that the sales force have got 
many, many large projects and they're starting the year with – from scratch. So, I mean I think what we're providing is 

– I think we're getting – we're ready for another good year with, I hope, balanced expectation. 
<Q - Walter Pritchard>: Great. Thanks a lot both of you. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from the line of Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse. Please state your question. 

<Q - Philip Winslow>: Hi guys. A great quarter. Just have two questions, just first Gil, on this the blade adoption, 
wondering if you can give us a sense – I mean you mentioned the IPS Blade and the Mobile Blade, but just sort of 
where – which blades you're seeing the most success on and sort of I guess what the attach rate is as people convert 
over to the blade architecture. And then second, Tal, obviously there has been a fair amount of fluctuation in currency 
here. Wondering if you can give us a sense of just the impact that you're baking at in terms of operating margin for this 
year and exactly how you guys are hedged. Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: So, I think the main blade that has real 
substantial contribution of results so far is the IPS Blade. I think as I mentioned, the annuity blades are around $100 
million and most of it is IPS, which I think is great because I think with after a few years of building an IPS offering, 
we are becoming one of the major players in the IPS space. The recent reports that we just – have just got out of NSS 
Labs showed our leadership and showed that for the first time an integrated IPS is not only in par with stand-alone IPS, 
it's actually much better and much better in terms of security, much better in terms of performance and much, much 
better in terms of operating costs and other operation elastics. So, I think we are gaining leadership in that space and 
not just leadership in reviews and in technologies, but in terms of revenue it also starts to be really significant. 

Other blades that we have all have nice contribution, but I don't think they're materially – or not material, they are so 
significant to the revenue. The Mobility Blades has just started and we don't breakout revenue by product or by blade. 
Specifically, I'll just give you a – maybe one number that as indication of how successful it is, we're getting close to a 
thousand customers that have already started implemented or both with blade and that's in less than three months and 


that's a very, very high number. You think about our industry, about our company, the company spent 5, 10 years to get 
to 1,000 customers with the new products and a new offering. So if I compare it to our success with other new 
products, new blades getting sort of – to the thousand in our terms of order of magnitude in one quarter, is – means that 
it's right on target in terms of the products and in terms of what customer want. 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: Yes – the currency, yes. So I'll just relate to the currency. Right now we 
assume the same rate of last year. About let's say around $200 million or so of our expenses are in non-dollar currency. 
And as I say each year, if the currency will move about 10% theoretically, then it should affect us in $0.02, $0.03 a 
quarter. That's about the calculation since we have 215 million shares. So that's the effect. We plan this year to do just 
like last year, we're going to hedge the major currencies which are typically the – mainly the Israeli Shekel and the 
Euro and maybe one or two other currencies, but that's the main two. And protect the budget for next year. 

<Q - Philip Winslow>: Great, thanks Tal. 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from the line of Rob Owens with Pacific Crest Securities. Please state your question. 

<Q - Rob Owens>: Great. Thank you very much. Could you give us some more color on the large deal metric? I think 
you said 44, which is up over 50% just in terms of the number of customers that are doing deals over $1 million. So is 
this the Software Blade architecture just larger deals in general, some budget flush help that? 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: It's basically the result of the basic math of the transactions of the quarter. 
We had quite a lot of booking as you can see in the results and many transactions. Remember that since the acquisition 
of Nokia we have now larger deals with the same customers as well. You see both the transaction over $50,000 
increased also to 64%. And you're right, we have many more large transaction, which is probably a reflection of the 
fact that we have much more to sell to our customers in terms of our product portfolio, services blade and so on. 

<Q - Rob Owens>: Great. And then second on the competitive front, obviously a couple of you guys are growing 
much faster than the industry overall. Who do you think is the major share loser out there and who are you seeing in 
most competitive situations? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I don't think it changed much. I mean the two 
large competitors are Cisco and Juniper. I do think that we gained share against both of them significantly this year, so 
that's pretty much the situation. 

<Q - Rob Owens>: All right. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from the line of Philip Rueppel with Wells Fargo. Please state your question. 

<Q - Philip Rueppel>: Great. Thank you very much. Could you give us a little – talk a little bit about your endpoint 
products and strategy and what you expect sort of from the new endpoint product? And is that sort of a cornerstone of 
this new vision that you're going to unroll or unveil over the course of the next few months? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: First, I think we've – after many years of 
working about new Unified Endpoint Suite, we finally at the end of December released the Unified version. It's called 
R80. The Unified Endpoint is by far the strongest offering for an endpoint solution. If you look today at what – 
endpoint is something we can all relate to. We all have it on our laptop. So, we have the only endpoint suite that 
combines both the anti-malware part in one of the best malwares in the industry. 


The remote access VPN and the data security disk encryption, USB media control and things like that that are essential, 
almost from any other vendor you will be talking – actually there is no single vendor that produces all of them today. 
Absolutely no one. And from other vendors, some other vendors can give you two out of the three, but it will not be 
one unified product. It will be separate product, maybe sold together, but separate product. 

So, we have one unified client with the best technologies in each sector and now we've unified management to that. 
And that's something we took out after assembling several acquisition, investing a lot in R&D, took us many years to 
come up with and that's now out in the marketplace. So far it receives pretty positive acceptance in the marketplace. 
Still having said that, we are – it will take us a long time to build that up. We're still fairly a small vendor in the entire 
endpoint space and I think that's still a long road ahead of us for that. I'm glad to say that in the Enterprise Endpoint last 
week we – last year, we still – we started seeing some growth. And I hope that that will be the case also in 2011 when 
we have such a better offering for that. 

As far what we're going to reveal in the next few weeks, it's not going to be about the endpoints, it's going to be about 
two parts. One is going to be about the overall vision to security and I think I alluded to some of the messages, even 
though I won't give you here the full announcement and the full details. So, I think it will talk about the vision of 
high-end secure – a high-end vision for security for customers and how to implement an effective security strategy. 
And in terms of product, it will actually be supported by our core network security product with a new version with a 
lot of new expansion, with incorporating all the new technologies, Software Blades and some new blades. So I think it's 
going to be pretty exciting in the new few weeks with our new announcement. 

<Q - Philip Rueppel>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with UBS. Please state your question. 

<Q - Brent Thill>: Thanks. I was wondering if you could give us a sense of on what percent of installed base has 
upgraded to R70 now. And do you believe the end of life for R65 at the end of March will provide some type of 
inflection point for the installed base to move up? And then therefore move to the blade architecture in stronger mass? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: So, I think that about 80% or 90% of new sales 
in 2010 – of 2010 were already in R70. The number for older releases and older customers, it's a little bit harder to say. 
Some of them we know because they actively upgrade and switch the license. Some can use the old license with the 
new version. So we don't really know how much of them upgraded. 

I think the fact that after, I think it's now 2 to 3 years now R65 after two years after the release of R70, R65 is not going 
to have new major upgrades and so on, but that's the meaning of the end of life or I don't know what's the exact 
terminology even. It's going to be a big – a nice boost to R70. Customers – more customers are going to upgrade. As I 
said, most new customers are implemented R70 and customer gets a very good feeling about that. So I think that should 
give us some good push in technology and the ability to offer new blades and more technology to the customers. 

<Q - Brent Thill>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Sterling Auty with J.P. Morgan. Please state your question. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: Yeah, thanks. Couple of quick questions, first, on the – back to the deferred revenue, Gil, how 
should we think about it? You talked about the significance of the annuity based blades and you also talked about kind 
of the acquisition impact, but as we look forward I know there is a little bit lumpiness with maintenance renewals and 
like that, but how should we think about the deferred revenue growth in relation to product revenue growth and total 
revenue growth going forward? 


<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think Tal can give a little bit more on the 
numbers, but in terms of the qualitative, I think what we have is a very positive – is a very positive balance in our 
business. On one hand, we're seeing almost the same growth rates in deferred that we had in previous years. On the 
other hand, when you think about moving to the appliance model and now 75% of our business is selling appliances. 
Appliances are not renewing in the same rate with software. Software you renew forever, because that's how you keep 
your investment in the software. And appliances, once every few years you actually upgrade the appliance and stop the 
renewal process in that. 

So, all in all, I think what we have in the annuity is great. If you compare it to every networking company or hardware 
company, we have much, much more annuity revenue with that. We actually even have high number compared – and 
yet on the same time we have a very high number of new products. Actually, if you compare it to large software 
companies, that's also a pretty nice substantial revenue. So I think we have a very balanced revenue stream and I hope it 
will continue that way moving forward. 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: And I might add one thing. I'll say I would also always recommend to look 
at the total growth of the revenues, products and services together exactly because of the mix that Gil mentioned of 
appliances versus software and so on. There can be mix between the different growth rates of the products and on the 
revenues of the services, you can see it in previous years as well. In general, I will say as a significant part of the 
booking comes at Q4 then you should expect to see a reduction in deferred revenues in Q2 and in Q3 and then an 
increase again in Q4. So, remember the same last year, we had those questions I would say you need to predict that the 
deferred revenues are reducing over the year and then increasing again towards Q4. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: Okay. And then the follow-up, as we think about the IPS Blade, which you've gotten really good 
reviews and good response from, as well as the new blades that are coming, can you give us a sense of maybe how 
many of the units that are actually out there in the field, what's the size quantitatively of the number of units that might 
be able to upgrade and take down one of these new blades? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: The number of people that can upgrade is in the 
hundreds of thousands, I mean it's not – it's high. I think we already got a nice number with a similar number of people 
that have already upgraded, but potentially still untapped. I mean there's still very, very high potential. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: And last question is on your distribution strategy, did anything change materially in 2010? So in 
other words, when you look back at 2010, who were your largest one or two distribution partners for you? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Think it's the same distributors that we had 
before. I do think that you have to keep in mind that on one hand, we really enjoy value-add distributors that add a lot 
of value. On the same time, some of our growth and a lot of it is driven IPS, by the accounting that we have and by the 
resellers. So, we have again I think our – one of the, I think, good qualities of our business is this balance that is not 
driven by some large distributor that push the software, yet on the same time it's not all driven by named accounting. 
It's a very, very healthy and balanced distribution channel when everyone contributes their part, but there is no reliance 
on one element except of course for the customers that at the end need to love the software and purchase it. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: All right. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from the line of Shaul Eyal with Oppenheimer. Please state your question. 

<Q - Shaul Eyal>: Thank you. Hi, good afternoon guys, good quarter. Two quick questions on my end. I want to go 
back to the potential buyback initial question. Gil, what needs to happen for you guys to announce, let's say a sizable 
buyback, more than the typical $250 million, $300 million, $400 million that we have been seeing over the past few 
years? 


<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: So I think over the last few years, we were 
pretty consistent with about $200 million a year buyback. Big part of it was driven by the amount that we can do in 
terms of the taxation without tax effect. I think that will change 2012 – 2013. In the meantime, the numbers might grow 
because we have a bigger amount of planning that is always – that was already taxed and we can do that. 

And I do expect that it is possible that we will – that the amount of buyback that we do will grow. I think in general, 
I'm not trying to create big dramas here or to try and out get the market and do one quarter or something like that, 
something big. I think we're trying to go over time. And I think it is a very reasonable expectation to think that we may 
be able to grow that amount in the coming – in the near future. 

<Q - Shaul Eyal>: Got it. Question on the blade, on the blades, standard blade package – does it still consists of five 
separate blades? And is it still around $5,000 for the standard package? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: There's no – I don't know if there is a standard 
in – first, every new product or new appliance that we sell comes with a certain set of blades. There are some models 
that are very, very basic let's say to be in some cases, especially in the low end, to be very price competitive, come with 
only two blades. There are many others that come with five and six blades already built into the product. 

From that place on, it's the customers are – can add blades, can renew blades as they wish and we are sort of not in the 
same model that we've been in the past of selling big bundles, what we used to call two years ago Total Security. We're 
much more into the selling of individual blades and individual offerings. And so far, it's working quite well in sort of 
shifting from selling annuity packages to real Software Blades when the model is cleaner and clearer. 

And again, that has – with new customers that will renew it in a year and with old customers, which will just now 
implement the blades for the first time. 

<Q - Shaul Eyal>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from the line of Brad Zelnick with Macquarie. Please state your question. 

<Q - Brad Zelnick>: Thank you. My question is around R65 reaching end of life this quarter and the question is 
around the revenue impact that we should expect. Are there any prior events, the last event that I recall was I think in 
Q2 '09 when you had a similar large end of life. Is there any expectation for what it can contribute to revenue and 
purchases? And if so, what's included in your guidance? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: There should be no effect in the revenues. The 
customers pay the subscription. The subscription is the same percentages for all the version and all the product and 
there shouldn't be any changes in that. 

<Q - Brad Zelnick>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Michael Turits with Raymond James. Please state your question. 

<Q - Michael Turits>: Hi, guys, couple of questions. First, where are you in terms of the percentage of your product 
from appliances and where do you expect that to go? 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: Right now, it's the 75% that Gil related to, give or take a percentage. And I 
think we don't know how high it can go, but we've seen it stabilizing around that area for a few quarters now. So I can't 
predict the future, but I don't expect any significant changes. 

<Q - Michael Turits>: And then 



<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: So right now, we are in a healthy mix in that. 
<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. 
<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I mean that's pretty stable. 
<Q - Michael Turits>: Oh good. Annuity Blades, a big number for 2010 of 100 million. Can you just give me, just for 


order of magnitude, some sense of what it had been in 2009? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Think we had about 30 – high-thirties percent 
growth in that. 
<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: Yes. 
<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Between 35% to 40% growth in that last year. 
<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: Yes. 
<Q - Michael Turits>: And then last question. I may have missed it, you may have said it already, but on the taxes, 


you've been around 19%. I know there is a lot going on, but should we expect that's roughly the effective tax rate for 


the next year or two? 
<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: Okay, it's around 20%, 19%, 20%, and we expect it to be in the same area 
for next year as well. 


<Q - Michael Turits>: Okay. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: And looking longer, it will go down with the 
change in tax in Israel. 
<Q - Michael Turits>: So 19%, 20% -. 
<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: I would expect it for now to be around the same 19%, 20%. 
<Q - Michael Turits>: Okay, great. Thanks very much, guys. 


Operator 

Our next question is coming from Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Please state your question. 

<Q - Keith Weiss>: Excellent, thank you guys, nice quarter. I was wondering if we could delve into sort of the 
operating margin outlook for 2011. If I'm doing my math right, it looks like we're looking for a slight decline in 
operating margin in 2011. I wanted to see a) whether that was a correct assumption, b) if you could give us a little bit of 
insight into how you guys are thinking about investment into 2011, perhaps where we should think about head count 
going in the forward year. And then finally, would be how acquisitions play into that investment paradigm. What the 
current thinking on – is on acquisitions into 2011? Thank you. 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: I will just relate to the first part. It's not really an assumption regarding 
operating margin, it's – bear in mind that the number of shares that we have continue to increase. We closed the year 
with 214 million shares while we started with 212. So the number for next year is higher than the average of 2010. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: So I think I will also relate to that. I think over 
the past 15 or 16 years, we always predict the operating margins to go down and so far it hasn't really happened. So I'm 
not – I mean I think the focus – and that's not because we are trying to predict it a different way, but because our focus 
is not on operating margin. I think trying to preserve the operating margin that we have is not necessarily the right 
business goal. 


The goal is to grow the revenues, the top line and the bottom line. And I think that's where we'll be focusing and I think 
what we are seeing in general is that our top line is higher than what we expected, then the operating margin improves, 
because this big part of our expense is sort of the head count, which is a fixed expense. It doesn't change every quarter. 
In terms of the assumption for next year, yes, we plan to grow, we plan to hire more people, we plan to hire more in 
sales, we plan to hire more in R&D. That's the big – two big areas for next year. 

I think last year we grew the head count by about 7% and next year, I don't remember the exact numbers. And but I 
also think that we will want to grow in these two areas. Last about your question about M&A, yes, we are looking at 
the acquisition. I hope it will find the right target, it's not easy finding the companies, I think we're have – a true 
exceptional technology, that can be scaled to a large installed based or a company that already have a large installed 
base that we can find synergies with, but I think I'm very, very much open. And I think we really want to find the right 
opportunity for acquisitions, large and small. 

<Q - Keith Weiss>: Excellent. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Katherine Egbert with Jefferies & Company. Please state your company. 

<Q - Katherine Egbert>: Hi, good morning. To go back to an earlier question, you talked about market share gains, 
but yet it seems like the growth rates for you and others in this space, like Fortinet, is really accelerating over what it's 
been even historically. And it feels like this is a rising tide. Can you talk about the demand environment? And is there 
anything going on in sort of corporate spending, either catch-up spending or protection of increased number of virtual 
servers? What exactly is driving such a great expansion in the market? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think that the head demand is good and 
healthy. But I don't see any strong acceleration from that demand and we are measuring by different factors. I think one 
big factor that works in our favor is the use of more value from our product, it's actually a higher ASP per deal, higher 
ASP per system, whether it's because it has more performance or because it has more functionality with the blades. 
That's the main factor I do think that we win a lot of deals. And I do think that we see a lot of – still a lot of potential in 
the marketplace, some of it by taking shares, some of it by new projects and the overall market growth. 

<Q - Katherine Egbert>: Okay. And then one quick question, just a clarification. You keep saying 100 million for the 
annuity blades. Are you including perpetual blades with that or would the perpetual blades be on top of the annuity? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: No, perpetual blades will be included in the 
basic product number. And they are not part of the annuity. And the annuity, one thing I may not – not to be 
misunderstood, I think not all of it necessarily has been recognized. That's what the combination of the deferred and the 
recognized. It's all in the – it's all in our financials, but some of it is still in the deferred revenues. 

<Q - Katherine Egbert>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Jeff Evenson with Sanford Bernstein. Please state your question. 

<Q - Jeff Evenson>: Sure, thanks. In general when I talk to customers in the field, I hear high satisfaction with Check 
Point products. One exception is some companies that are consolidating data centers don't find your throughput high 
enough to meet their needs and are looking to competitors. Are you satisfied with where your throughput roadmap is 
taking you and what might you need to do? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I believe that we have an excellent roadmap on 
that and I think that we are winning many, many of these customers. And I do think that there are other companies in 
our field that their entire value proposition is being fast and cheap. Recently, we have seen some erosion with some of 


these. 

First, I think that for the future we have an even a very aggressive roadmap that will get us to a real nice leadership 
position. And recently I heard some examples of where customers weren't really happy with what they got. They got a 
lot of promises. At the end, what they got delivered wasn't exactly what they were promised. And some of it is evident 
because when you actually dig deep into some competitor offerings, you see that. Some of it is not evident when it's 
about reliability and things like that, but again sometimes we hear from customers. But overall, I think it's – I mean we 
have a competitive market. There are good competitors there and I think we are making good progress in all fronts. 

<Q - Jeff Evenson>: The international press is portraying Egypt as Israel's gateway to the Arab world and implying 
that instability in Egypt could be troublesome for Israel. Are you all doing anything special on the management front or 
are contingency planning to manage those risks? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Again, I'm far from being a political expert, but 
Egypt in terms of a buyer of technology and a business gateway for us, is not really a factor. We do sell globally and in 
general, the Middle East or the Arab world doesn't represent any significant part of our business. And again, Egypt is 
not – I won't delve into the details of that, but Egypt is not a gateway or any kind of an importance for us. And I do 
hope that Egypt reaches peace and quiet soon. 

<Q - Jeff Evenson>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Brian Freed with Wunderlich Securities. Please state your question. 

<Q - Brian S. Freed>: Good morning. Great quarter. A number of folks have asked about sizing for the opportunity 
for new blades. So could you kind of tie it all together a little bit and give us some sense as to the total number of 
customers you have out there who would be available to buy software blades, the current kind of percentage of those 
customers who've adopted blades at some level that would kind of give us a framework for a pivot table around the 
incremental opportunity for that market? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Hey, I wish it was that simple. First, I think we 
have way north of 100,000 customers, close to 150,000 customers in different sizes, different stages of usage of our 
products all over the world. They're our all potential for our software blade, and it's not that one or the other. The 
reason I'm saying it's not that simple – because you can't just take a customer and say, okay, here is the – I don't know, 
Fortune 500 account, they have our software blade. Most of the Fortune 500 accounts would have – I mean if it's a 
small account and have one gateway, then it's very simple. If they need to upgrade to – if they upgrade it to software 
blades, they can implement new blades. If they don't – if they have a small installation, they can upgrade within very 
short periods of time, within days or weeks, and again the same potential exists. 

When we are talking about large customers and where into the complexity lies, they all have mixed environments. 
Some have versions that are 5 or 6 and 10 years old. And yet, on the same time, they have new products that they 
purchased last quarter. And they all have mixed version and it's pretty hard to say exactly what will be their pace of 
migration, pace of upgrade and pace of deployment of new technology. 

So all in all, I'm just saying all our customers are a good potential for an upgrade. And we are seeing nice pace of 
upgrade. And I can say that in general, we are seeing in – I don't have exact percentage, but in terms of large and 
complex accounts that we have, they are all interested in the new version and most of them I think are also deploying it 
to some extent in their environment. 

<Q - Brian S. Freed>: Okay. Could you perhaps give us any metrics on if you look at the sales in the last year or 18 
months, what percentage of customers who are buying the bladed architecture today are adapting new blades at the 
time of purchase? Can you give us a sense of the upgrade opportunity on recent sales? 


<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think almost all customers of new systems, I 
mean 70%, 80% of new customers are buying the blade version. And in terms of – now, we include a nice set of blades 
in the first year included in the price. It actually allows us to get more value for the first year, I mean and from the 
initial product purchase. And I think it's also good, because we expect that by including some of the blades in the first 
year like IPS, for example, which included in most of our system, it will increase the renewal rate in the second year. 

And so far that theory has proven right in the last year. And most of our – I mean IPS Blades is coming from renewal of 
customers like that. And so I don't know necessarily to size that accurately, but I think it's all new customers are using 
some of our blade architecture in some way. Or not all – most of them. 

<Q - Brian S. Freed>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Jonathan Ho with William Blair. Please state your question. 

<Q - Jonathan Ho>: Good morning. Great results. Just wanted to talk a little bit about the IPS Blades. Can you give us 
a sense of what the renewal rate is for the blades currently, based on your existing user base? 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: It's – I don't want to disclose that actually, but I can say it was higher than 
we expected originally. We see very nice renewal rates. 

<Q - Jonathan Ho>: Okay. And can you talk a little bit about application control? That's been a pretty hot topic in the 
firewall space recently. And do you view that as potentially an incremental refresh driver, just given the activity in the 
space? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think it's going to be an amazing refresh 
driver. I think what we have there is a real change in the environment. I think customers that have been looking in their 
firewall for the last 10, 15 years, when he did the job, when it's performed very well, suddenly with the new application 
control blade, they will be able to see not just HTTP but they'll be able to turn hundreds of events into a smaller 
number, much more meaningful. Now you'll see YouTube, file sharing, social networking, peer-to-peer networking, 
each one of these will get a security priority, so out of the old system, you will suddenly see something completely new 
if you upgrade. 

I think it's going to be a major driver for upgrade. I think what we have in that offering in the first version that just now 
started shipping – it's actually we haven't been in – shipping, but we haven't yet made the big announcements around 
that. And it's going to be really important for us and for our customers. What we have is an amazing offering. I mean – 
we support more than 10 times more applications than any competitor in that space. It's fully integrated through a 
proven architecture. It has an amazing cost structure because it's just a small blade that's added to existing gateways. 
So, I think it can be a game changer in the core markets that we are in. 

Again, you see my excitement about that, so I want to balance it. And I don't want to create an impression that suddenly 
this will change all the numbers, but I think in terms of the technological dynamics of the marketplace, it has a great 
rate potential. 

<Q - Jonathan Ho>: Great. And just last question is on your DLP Solution. It seems pretty differentiated from other 
products that are out there and seems to be a relatively hot space. Can you maybe talk about the demand environment 
around DLP and specifically around your solution? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: So I think first we are seeing the high – 
increasing level of interest on that. I think in my career, it's for the first time in many, many years that suddenly the 
discussion of security and specifically data security is not just a technological discussion, but gets to the level that you 
speak to CEOs of Fortune 500 and even Fortune 10 companies suddenly are really, really interested in how we're going 
to implement security to control data leakage and it's for obvious reasons. 


The challenge is that data security or data leakage is not something that can be just solved by technology, because 
people are the weak leak – link in this category. And you're absolutely right, our solution is differentiator. It does take 
that factor into account. It does involve the people, allow people to be – to take ownership of what we are sending and 
whether it's a leak or not leak and gives them tools not just to understand what we are doing, but to remedy the 
situation. 

So, I think that we have a unique offering. We've seen in some banks that we've – initially weren't sure whether we'll 
need it or not, that they had been using other products for years without seeing much results, that within hours of 
installing our product, they immediately see the situation that they need to remedy and they remedied them with our 
product. So, we have a lot of very nice case studies like that. 

Yet on the same time, I think customer perception is still that DLP is a complex area, that it takes years to implement it 
and we have to fight hard to show them that that's not the case, that they can get results from DLP within hours and 
days and not within months and years. And I think that – I mean that's a true area that I see high level of potential in our 
results. 

<Q - Jonathan Ho>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our last question is coming from Scott Zeller with Needham & Company. Please state your questions. 

<Q - Scott Zeller>: Hi, great quarter. Wanted to ask about the IPS business again. Could you tell us if there has been a 
change in the competitive landscape there? Obviously, you're doing quite well. Is there any change in competition? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: First, I think it's a good market with good 
competitors. I mean I have high regard to many of the competitors in that space. I think we just had the recent report 
from NSS Labs about that space, in which we came up in a great leading position. I think I mentioned that earlier, but 
I'll repeat some of that – that shows that our integrated IPS can be superior to almost any other solution in the 
marketplace and can produce the highest level of security, the highest level of performance and the lowest level of price 
and operational complexity. By the way that report measured both the security, the performance, the cost and one more 
thing it measured, which is unusual, it measured the complexity of deployment and maintenance. 

And I think we shine on all the parameters from like the level of protection that you get from installation, the level of 
protection that you can increase when you optimize it, the amount of hours it takes to get it up in running, the amount 
of hours they expect you to spend on maintaining the product every year, the overall level of security. I mean we really, 
really – and the performance and so on, we really come up well and I think that definitely changes our competitive 
situation. 

And on the same time, as I said, I have high regard for the competitors in that space, for other companies that specialize 
in that markets for many, many years. It's not by the way necessarily our direct competitors, the big competitors in the 
network security space. It's more – it's companies that are specialized in IPS and I think that that's going to be very, 
very interesting and very high potential for us. 

<Q - Scott Zeller>: Thanks for the color. 

Kip E. Meintzer, Investor Relations 

Thank you everyone for joining us today. We look forward to catching up with you later and during the quarter, and 
have a great day. Thank you. Bye-bye. 

Operator 


Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and we 
thank you for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


