Q2 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Kip E. Meintzer, Director, Investor Relations 
• Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer 
• Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Katherine Egbert 
• Gregg Moscowitz 
• Philip Winslow 
• Daniel Ives 
• Shaul Eyal 
• Michael Turits 
• Walter Pritchard 
• Sarah Friar 
• Todd Raker 
• Rob Breza 
• Sterling Auty 
• Israel Hernandez 
• Scott Zeller 
• Ziv Tal 
• Rob Owens 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Greetings and welcome to the Check Point Software Second Quarter 2009 Financial Results. At this time all 
participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator 
Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. 

It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Kip Meintzer, Director, Investor Relations for Check Point Software 
Technologies. Thank you, Mr. Meintzer, you may begin. 

Kip E. Meintzer, Director, Investor Relations 

Thank you, Claudia . Welcome to all of you joining us today. This is Kip Meintzer, Director of Investor Relations for 
Check Point Software. On the call with me today are Gil Shwed, Chairman and CEO, along with Tal Payne, Chief 
Financial Officer. We'd like to thank all of you for joining us today for a review of Check Point's second quarter 2009 
results. 

As a reminder, this call is being webcast live on our website and is being recorded for replay. To access the live 
webcast and replay information, please visit the company's website at checkpoint.com. For your convenience the 
conference call replay will be available through August 12. If you'd like to reach us after the call, please contact 


Investor Relations at +1-650-628-2040. 

Now before we begin with management's presentation, I'd like to bring the following to your attention. During the 
course of this call, Check Point representatives will make certain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking 
statements may include: our beliefs regarding projections related to the acquisition of the Security Appliance business 
of Nokia; our expectations regarding our sales pipeline; our expectations regarding the performance and customer 
acceptance and adoption of our products; our expectations regarding the potential impact of market conditions on our 
business as we move forward; and our expectations regarding our business outlook and results for the third quarter and 
full year of 2009. 

Other statements which may be made in response to questions, which refer to our beliefs, plans, expectations, or 
intentions, are also forward-looking statements for the purposes of the Safe Harbor provided by the Private Securities 
Litigation Reform Act. Because these statements pertain to future events, they are subject to various risks and 
uncertainties and actual results could differ materially from Check Point's current expectations and beliefs. 

Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, the risks outlined in the press 
release that was issued today and the risks discussed in Check Point's Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 
December 31, 2008, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. I would also like to point out that 
these forward looking statements are based on Check Point's expectations and beliefs as of the date hereof and that 
Check Point assumes no obligation to update its forward-looking statements. 

Additionally during the course of this call, Check Point management will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. 
Check Point's management believes the non-GAAP financial information provided during this call is useful to investors 
in understanding and assessing Check Point's ongoing core operations and prospects for the future. The presentation of 
this non-GAAP financial information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results prepared 
in accordance with GAAP. 

Management uses both GAAP and non-GAAP information in evaluating and operating businesses internally and as 
such has determined that it is important to provide this information to investors. In our press release which has been 
posted on our website, we present GAAP and non-GAAP results along with reconciliation tables which highlights this 
data. 

Now I would like to turn the call over to Tal Payne, Check Point's Chief Financial Officer. 

Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Kip. Good morning and good afternoon to everyone joining us on the call today. I'm happy to begin the 
review of an excellent quarter for Check Point. Our quarterly results came in at the high end of our projections with 
12% year-over-year growth in revenues and non-GAAP earnings per share. 

Before I begin providing you with further details on the quarter let me remind you that our second quarter GAAP 
financial results include equity-based compensation expenses according to FAS 123R, expenses relating to our 
acquisition, including amortization of intangibles and restructuring costs and the related tax effects for such items. 

This quarter we consolidated Nokia's Security Appliance business for the first time in our results. GAAP results for the 
quarter include the effect of certain charges relating to the acquisition. These charges include the amortization of 
intangible assets in the amount of $4.6 million and restructuring charges of $9 million. Net of taxes these charges 
totaled $11.9 million. Keep in mind that non-GAAP information is presented excluding these items. Now let's take a 
look at the financial highlights for the quarter. 

Second quarter revenues were $224 million, an increase of 12% compared to $200 million in the second quarter of 
2008, and 15% sequential increase over the previous quarter. Our revenue growth was evident in all regions and led to 
our highest quarterly revenues to date. 


Revenue geographical distribution for the quarter was as follows: Americas contributed 44% of the revenues; Europe, 
Middle East and Africa was 44% as well; and the Asia Pacific and Japan region contributed the remaining 12%. 

From a deal-size perspective and quantity, this quarter we saw an increasing number of large deals. Transactions 
greater than $50,000 accounted for 51% of the total order value, compared to 41% in the same period a year ago. We 
had 21 customers that each had transactions with a value greater than $1 million, compared to 14 in the same period 
last year. 

Looking at revenues by type, our software updates, maintenance and service revenues were $141 million in the second 
quarter of 2009 representing a 23% growth over the second quarter of 2008 and 14% growth sequentially. Our products 
and license revenues also showed sequential growth of 15% from $72 million in the previous quarter to $83 million this 
quarter with a healthy growth in all regions. 

This was accomplished while we began shifting in the last year more towards subscription-based technology programs 
that deliver recurring revenue. These programs includes our Software Blade offering, SmartDefense Services and our 
Total Security subscription packages. This shift, in addition to the foreseen new product cycle of our Endpoint product, 
which expect to be released later this year, both explain the change from last year product revenue. 

In our core Network Security Appliance business, we saw significant growth year-over-year. The growth is mainly 
attributed to IP Series and Power-1 appliances. The growth in non-GAAP operating expenses this quarter relates 
mainly to the increasing cost of revenues, which was driven by our growing revenues and by the increase in 
compensation expenses. 

With the Nokia acquisition we added over 300 new employees to Check Point mainly in sales, product development 
and technical services. Following the completion of this acquisition, we now have approximately 2,100 employees. 

From an operating profit perspective, we posted an exceptional result. Our non-GAAP operating income was $116 
million in the second quarter of 2009, an increase of 15% compared to the same period in 2008. 

The synergy associated with the successful acquisition of Nokia's Security Appliance business contributed to these 
record results and enabled us to achieve a non-GAAP operating margin of 52% for the quarter, up from 51% in the 
comparable quarter last year. This is a great accomplishment, taking into account the higher cost structure for the 
acquired business. 

GAAP net income for the second quarter was $75.6 million, compared to $79.2 million in the second quarter of 2008. 
EPS was $0.36 for both periods. 

The GAAP net income in the second quarter of 2009 includes an increase in amortization of intangible assets of $4.6 
million and restructuring charges of $9 million relating to the Nokia Security business acquisition. Net of taxes, these 
charges totaled $11.9 million, or $0.06 per diluted share. 

Non-GAAP net income for the quarter increased to $101 million, or $0.48 per diluted share, up from $92.7 million, or 
$0.43 per diluted share, in the second quarter last year. Earnings per share came in at the high end of our guidance, 
representing 12% growth compared to the year-ago quarter. 

Our effective GAAP and non-GAAP income tax rate for the second quarter was 20% and 19% respectively, and 
consistent with our guidance. 

Deferred revenues as of June 30, 2009, were $362 million, an increase of 83 million, or 30%, over the deferred revenue 
balance as of June 30, 2008. The growth came both from the acquired deferred revenues as well as from organic 
growth. Our customer-renewal rates continued to maintain industry-high levels. 

For the second quarter of 2009, our DSO, day sales outstanding, reduced to 79 days, comparing to 81 days in the first 
quarter of 2009. While we saw a decrease in the DSO this quarter, our business remains backend-loaded. 

Our cash flow from operations increased to $113 million, an increase of 37% compared to Q2 last year. This was 
mainly as a result of strong cash collection – strong collection from customers. We ended the quarter with 


approximately $1.63 billion in cash and investments. 

The credit quality of our portfolio remains high and consistent with our conservative investment policy. During the 
quarter, we purchased 2.2 million shares for a total cost of $50 million as part of our share repurchase program. Moving 
forward, we have $131 million remaining from the $400 million share repurchasing program approved by the Board in 
2008. 

With that, I'll turn the call over to Gil. 

Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Tal. I would also like to thank all of you for joining us today. The second quarter was a standout quarter for 
us from several perspective, including our record financial performance, which Tal has just covered. From a product 
and strategy perspective, we continue to be excited about opportunities that our new Software Blade architecture 
presents. 

Over the last quarter, we extended our portfolio of appliances with the addition of the Power-1 11000 Series and IP 
Series. We also introduced our new Smart-1 line of management appliances, delivering on our vision of unified 
network IPS and Endpoint Security policy management, based on our Software Blade architecture and delivered as an 
appliance. In addition, we introduced our latest management blade SmartWorkflow, which enable customers to take 
advantage of security policy change management and enhanced compliance. 

One of the most exciting aspects of our blade architecture is our ability to deliver a new application in the form of 
software blade, enabling customers to implement this additional technology, immediately utilizing their current security 
infrastructure and without the need to add complicated and expensive new system. This reduces both direct cost and 
total cost of ownership. 

We believe our Software Blade architecture and comprehensive security product portfolio can help customers make 
their enterprises more secured while making their security infrastructure simpler to manage. Check Point accomplishes 
this by streamlining their security infrastructure and allowing them to reduce the number of security vendors they 
utilize. 

We're also working with the next-generation of our Endpoint suite. Over the past few months we've made many 
improvement to our Endpoint strategy. We now have dedicated overlay sales force for Endpoint. 

And we've just released two major innovative technologies for Endpoint Security: WebCheck for addressing one of 
today's most challenging areas of security, preventing malware from attacking a personal computer while surfing; the 
second technology is called OneCheck and provides a single unlock and security control point for all security 
subsystems, from the disk encryption to the Windows logon. Overall we're making a lot of progress on the Endpoint 
side and it can be a good source for upside in 2010. 

During the quarter, we closed the Nokia acquisition and achieved early success with our integration efforts to date as 
our quarterly results indicate. From day one, all operational aspects of the Nokia acquisition were integrated into Check 
Point and we now operate as a single organization. 

The success to date of the integration efforts is complemented by the enthusiasm we've experienced from our customers 
and partners. I just returned last week from our Check Point Experience Asia Pacific event in Thailand where 
experienced this enthusiasm first hand. In fact we even saw an increase in attendance at the event despite the current 
macroeconomic condition, which I believe speaks to the dedication of our customers and partners. 

Now I would like to address our financial projections for the rest of the year. Keep in mind that while our result so far 
has been very good, the softness in the economy is not behind us. My projections are going to raise the ranges we 
provided before, but the level of uncertainty in the market is still high. 


For the third quarter of 2009, we expect revenues in the range of 220 to $236 million. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to 
be between 0.42 and $0.51 a share. GAAP-based EPS is expected to be approximately $0.10 less than this. 

For the full year of 2009, we expect revenues in the range of 870 to $920 million and non-GAAP earnings per share 
between $1.88 to $2. GAAP-based EPS is expected to be approximately $0.40 less than that. 

Thank you for being with us on the call today, and now we'd like to open the call for your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Katherine Egbert with Jefferies. Please state your 
question. 

<Q - Katherine Egbert>: Hi, good morning, good afternoon. Congratulations on a good quarter. You signed an 
unusual number of larger size deals in this quarter, which flies in the face of all the uncertainty we've seen in the 
economy. Can you give us a little color on that? Was that attributable to Nokia? Or what's going on there? Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Hi. I believe the big deals are two indications. 
One indication, we're seeing the number of large deals growing for the last two years, based on our efforts to work 
closer with customers, to work on larger projects and overall doing, I think, a better job in our accounts management. 
Nokia and the other in the rest of the Appliance strategy is also helpful because we're becoming bigger and bigger 
partners for our customers. And with the consolidation of purchases, now not only the software but also the appliance 
that it runs on, and with Nokia even more of that is getting the deal sizes even higher. 

<Q - Katherine Egbert>: Okay. And then I know you probably won't give us a number, but can you just characterize 
how Nokia contributed for the quarter? Was it better than expectations or worse? And also was it accretive? Or how 
dilutive was it? Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: It was accretive and it was, I think, better than 
we expected. We always look at acquisitions very, very carefully and we saw very good performance. What is 
important to understand that it's almost impossible for us to break down these two numbers separately because before 
we had the clear cut between the customer buying a Power-1 and contributing revenue to Check Point for example, or 
buying IP appliance from Nokia and not contributing revenue to Check Point. Now customers have a much better 
choice. We now are very neutral if we choose to buy Power-1 or IP Series appliance or UTM-1 for a certain model or 
IP model that corresponds to that. So the shift in that business and the mix of that business is now changing very, very 
quickly based on that integration. And I think customers are very happy about that, and we are very happy about that. 

<Q - Katherine Egbert>: Okay. Congratulations Gil. 

Operator 

The next question is coming from Gregg Moscowitz with Auriga. Please state your question. 

<Q - Gregg Moscowitz>: Thanks very much. And I'd like to add my congratulations as well. I just have a couple of 
questions around Nokia. Just one, Tal, how much of the deferred revenue balance in Q2 comes from the transaction? 
And then just secondly, I noticed on the cash flow statement you only had a $57 million cash outlay for the transaction, 
which is less than I expected. Just wondering if you could talk about if there are any future obligations relating to that? 
Thank you. 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: I think with the transaction costs, you see the amount in the cash flow as 
you stated, we can not relate to it because we are committed to keep it confidential. What we disclose is what we have 
to according to GAAP numbers. So you can see the numbers in the cash flow by yourself, that's one. Bear in mind that 


the restructuring cost is not included in this line item, it's part of the operating cash flow. So that is one comment. So 
the nine million restructuring cost is appearing as a deduction in the operating cash flow, which mean operating cash 
flow was nine million higher than the 113 million that you actually see. So that's one comment. The second regarding 
Nokia and deferred revenue, in the acquisition date, net of what we already recognized as a – we didn't disclose the 
numbers but I can tell you it was in the low tens of millions of dollars. 

<Q - Gregg Moscowitz>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse. Please state your question. 

<Q - Philip Winslow>: Hi, guys good quarter. Gil, just wondered if you give a sense what you're seeing by geography 
here in the Americas versus Europe? If you could just maybe categorize the selling environment between those two? 
And if you've seen any changes? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I haven't seen a big change in the environment. 
I think overall we're seeing good demand and good willingness to do deals in all regions. This quarter in particular 
Europe was actually performing a little bit better and provided a very good growth rate, more than the Americas. Asia 
based on both on our efforts and both on other factors is showing very nice growth. We have a renewed effort in Latin 
America, which is still very small for us but consistently over the past few quarters it's shown high growth rate. So 
overall, we've seen healthy growth all over beyond Asia, which is still small, and Latin America, which is small too. 
Europe was the good – was the highest growth in this quarter than – between the Americas and Europe. 

<Q - Philip Winslow>: I've got it. And then also I'm wondering if you can give us a sense of the contribution of 
hardware in this quarter as a net percentage of total product revenue, given the Nokia acquisition? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Now the shift towards – it's not hardware it's 
integrated appliances, which includes software and the hardware, but appliances now are more than 50% of our product 
sales. 

<Q - Philip Winslow>: Great, thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Daniel Ives with FBR Capital Markets. Please state your question. 

<Q - Daniel Ives>: Yeah. Could you just talk, you know, if you think about the progression of the quarter, was there 
any change that you saw with customers willing to do bigger deals? Especially in the last few weeks of June, maybe 
comment on July, or just trends that you've seen? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Not very big changes. I think that one thing 
that I'm positively impressed by our sales management and sales force in recent quarter is that they are making their 
forecasts pretty accurately. So we haven't seen too many surprises. The trend the quarter has been more backend-loaded 
continues, even though this quarter was less backend-loaded than Q1. So when compared to last year it was more 
backend-loaded but compared to Q1 it was a little bit less backend-loaded. And overall I haven't seen customers pulling 
back on large deals. I mean, I'm sure that there are examples of that but from my memory recollection I don't think that 
we have any examples of bad surprises like that, of customers that are committing on a deal and backing off for any 
reason in the recent quarter. 

<Q - Daniel Ives>: Thanks. Congrats. 


Operator 

Our next question is coming from Shaul Eyal with Oppenheimer. Please state your question. 

<Q - Shaul Eyal>: Thank you. Hi, good afternoon. Congratulations of mine as well. Two quick questions. Gil, how's 
the response to the newly-introduced Software Blade architecture so far? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: The response is very positive. I look at it both 
coming from service that we're doing, the acceptance level is very high compared to the time which we have it in 
market. Many, many people recognize that and relate to the idea. From meetings that I have with customers, it's equally 
positive. I mean, customers like the concept. We're showing them a lot of examples of what we can do with it. For 
example, we have a big push into IPS space by simply activating the IPS blade. And again, there is a lot of enthusiasm 
about that. I mean, the reduction in complexity, the reduction in cost, the increased level of security the customer can 
get, because today almost nobody active at IPS in a blocking mode or active mode but more in passive mode and we 
encourage people to put it in active mode. 

Our great – there's a lot of things that customers can do. But the overall response today is very good. Again if you 
would – just one example for one blade, it will still take time, because let's remember, with our large customer and 
large install base, for them to upgrade to a new version it takes a lot of time and I don't expect that to finish any time 
soon. However the interest level is high, the enthusiasm is high, and that means that we can – if everything continues to 
work well then we should expect to see some nice upside from that later this year and even more so in 2010. 

<Q - Shaul Eyal>: Thank you. And would you characterize the current performance as you guys taking share from 
competitors? Maybe what about the competitive landscape? Thank you. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I don't have any good tools to estimate 
percentages or to quantify that. My feeling is that we're doing a quite well and are taking market share. We haven't seen 
too many changes in the landscape. I mean, Cisco remains an important player, Juniper remains a competitive 
company. Beyond that we hardly hear about other companies in the market place. And I haven't seen any new names 
pop up recently in the network security space. 

<Q - Shaul Eyal>: Got it. Thank you very much and good luck. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Michael Turits with Raymond James. Please state your question. 

<Q - Michael Turits>: Hi, guys, Michael Turits. Questions on margins, good margins this quarter. On the G&A line, I 
noticed that they actually went down sequentially. What were you able to do in order to accomplish that, given that it 
was an expense quarter from the acquisitions? And then secondly, on the gross margin line, you saw the license gross 
margins go down. Is that about the level that we should expect in that? I would imagine service to pick up as you work 
through the purchase accounting but is this about what we should see on license gross margins going forward? 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: I think I'll start with the gross margin. It's already integrating the majority 
of the IP Series effect in Q2. So I would say it's a good range, the number that you see right now there. The more 
appliance you will have, the slightly more it will go down. But I think right now, as Gil said, we passed the 50%. So I 
think it's a good rate for a longer period. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: And with more cost reductions or optimization 
we can do. But I won't build on that. I mean it's not a – don't build any assumptions like that into your model but it's 
some challenges for us. 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. But I think 88 is a great result taking into account it's over 50% of 
our revenues is coming from Appliance – of our product revenues is coming from Appliance. So that's one comment. 
And the second regarding the expenses, bear in mind this quarter is already fully integrated, all the head count increase 


and the added expenses that we had in the integration of Nokia. Having said that, you can see 52% operating margin, 
which is quite high, even compared to Q2 last year, which was 51%. Between the lines like G&A, you look 
specifically, you see last year it was eight and this quarter it's around eight million as well. Q1 it was more – bear in 
mind, it can slightly fluctuate a million or two between quarters, depends on certain provisions for one-time items, 
which you have in any quarter. It can be legal, it can be finance, it can be rent, it can be other items that can add slight 
fluctuation. So I will say pretty stable levels, nothing material there. 

<Q - Michael Turits>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Walter Pritchard with Cowen and Company. Please state your question. 

<Q - Walter Pritchard>: Hi. Tal, you had mentioned that it looked like year-over-year that the business is more 
backend-loaded. But I noticed that DSOs were down year-over-year and even that would bring in over some of the 
receivables balance I assume you have from Nokia. Just wondering how to reconcile those two things? 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. I think Gil has actually completed the answer when he said 
comparing to Q1 2009 it was slightly less backend-loaded. But comparing to last year, or Q2 2008, then it was higher. 
So I would say the phenomenon of backend-loaded quarter is here. It didn't go away but it was slightly less 
backend-loaded comparing to Q1 2009. And that can be a slight explanation for the fact that we reduced the DSO in 
two days from 81 to 79. 

<Q - Walter Pritchard>: Great. And then, Gil, I'm wondering, now that you've owned the Nokia business here for, 
three months or so and you have a better view into their pipeline and the refresh prospects and so forth, I'm wondering 
if you could just give us a sense of how much either – is there pent-up demand in the base? Are we at a state where 
they're refreshing now with regularity? And I guess I'd be surprised if that were the case because of the economy, but 
just want to get your comments on, from a refresh perspective, what you see in the Nokia base? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Impressions I got so far is that the behavior of 
the Nokia business is, there's a lot of stability in that because of the refresh cycle. We're not talking about the refresh 
cycle which is like done once every five years or – it's much less cyclical than you can expect. On the same time, in the 
software business we had very little refresh because the license used to be perpetual, so that part of business actually 
provides more product annuity – it's not annuity, but more renewal or refresh of product on an ongoing basis. And so 
far again, three months may be too little to say, but so far we see, surprisingly, in that business a little bit more stability 
than the software product licenses that we have in our original business. 

<Q - Walter Pritchard>: And then just lastly on the M&A front, I'm wondering if you could just give us a sense of 
where you stand now that you have the Nokia business, at least the first few steps here integrated? How you're looking 
at the M&A landscape and potentially participating in that? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: We're looking very actively on more 
opportunities to acquire companies. Having said that, it's not easy to find very good companies that would fit our vision 
and would fit our architecture. But in terms of our willingness to acquire more companies, we want to do that. We feel 
that Nokia is behind us, so we are – our resources are available to do more deals and we're actively looking to see what 
can make sense and fit our vision and strategy. 

<Q - Walter Pritchard>: Great. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Sarah Friar with Goldman Sachs. 


<Q - Sarah Friar>: Good morning, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Just coming back to the license 
revenue, we can see the sequential growth in the quarter, but clearly now we've had two quarters in a row of 
year-over-year declines. Now, Tal, I know in your prepared remarks you talked about the shift to subscription-based 
technology programs, et cetera. Could you talk a little bit about when we can get back to product and license revenue 
year-over-year increases? And is there any catch-up that happens? Or is it more annualizing through the comps of the 
subscription revenue shift? 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: You're right, Sarah. We talked about the shift that we've seen in a few 
programs that we had. And I think I talked about it also the quarter before, about the shift we see with the 
SmartDefense services and the security subscription packages, which pretty much allow a customer not to purchase the 
license but to pay a monthly fee or an annual fee, which allows him to have an operating expense in a sense. It's good 
for us because in the long term it can increase our revenues, and you can see a significant increase in our service 
revenues. So that's one factor. 

Taking into account the Software Blade offering that started a quarter and a half ago, the same many blades there are 
offered as a service, or as an annual fee, which will have the same phenomenon. So the more people will move into 
these packages, it will – we will see a shift from product revenues to service revenues. In the long term, you will see the 
increase even more significantly in the services. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: And I would also add, and Tal also touched on 
that, but again we are offering more and more customers the ability to buy the entire deal on a monthly payment, like 
an ISP model when they pay every month instead of purchasing. So it's not a big number in the overall financial result, 
but for example if you would take these deals and account them in the one-time, then you would see even this quarter 
an increase in product sales. Overall from our business year-over-year performance, we are selling more products and 
more licenses this year, or this quarter, than we sold in Q2 last year. 

<Q - Sarah Friar>: Got it. And just so then, do we get back to a point where product and license actually grows 
year-over-year? Or do you guys just say – because I would presume you annualize that all through because you're right, 
it's better for the long term of your business, but I think investors always end up focusing on that product and license 
revenue line? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think it will happen in between one to three 
quarters from now. I think if everything works well, Q3 should show that. But I would be a little bit more careful and 
expect that at the beginning of 2010. But between now and the first quarter in 2010, we should be – we should see that 
happen. 

<Q - Sarah Friar>: Okay, great. Thanks for the clarity there. 

Operator 

Our next question's coming from Todd Raker with Deutsche Bank. Please state your question. 

<Q - Todd Raker>: Hi, guys. Two questions for you. First, if I think of the Nokia business coming on stream here, can 
you give me some sense for how it will impact product revenue versus software updates and maintenance? Are you 
seeing any Nokia revenue on the product side? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think it's all one business. We're addressing 
the same customers, the same structure, the same accounts, and while there's still work to uniform that and do that, 
we're already operating as one organization. I was surprised how quickly it happened in our organization. Usually in 
previous acquisitions – firstly, in previous acquisitions we have different product and different and slightly different 
customer bases. Here, exactly the same customer base, it's exactly the same kind of programs and the unification is 
happening much, much faster than we expected. So I don't think it should have too many changes. 


<Q - Todd Raker>: Okay. And then can you guys give us some sense on Pointsec, what you're seeing in the market 
there? And what the growth profile of the Pointsec portfolio looks like? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think, first we've unified the power Endpoint 
offering as one umbrella of Endpoint and we're trying to move away from selling just one component like Pointsec or 
disk encryption. We are now in the middle of a new product cycle, when we're bringing the new latest release of that, 
and there's a lot of pent-up demand and some even deals that are waiting for the new version. And my expectation, 
when all of that finishes, we'll start to see better results in that business in the beginning of 2010. 

<Q - Todd Raker>: Okay. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Robert Breza with Check Point Software. Please state your question. 

<Q - Rob Breza>: Hi, Tal, Rob Breza from RBC actually. Didn't know I got a new job. But wondered if you'd 
comment a little bit more on the deferred revenue? It was up very nicely sequentially. Seasonally, it normally doesn't 
go up. Is there anything from an integration perspective where maybe more of the maintenance contracts are deferred, 
or from Nokia? Or there's a higher deferral rate? Anything to give us more insights on the increase in deferred would be 
great. Thanks. 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. I would say that probably – of course, we had the consolidation of 
Nokia opening a balance of deferred revenue discounted according to accounting rules. So that's one effect which is the 
major one. In terms of the movement between Q1 to Q2 balance at the end of the quarter, we see some contracts which 
are longer period and therefore can increase the deferred revenue. But we already talked about it from a year-ago 
phenomenon, so that's something that actually stabilized in the last few quarters. So that will not be another reason for 
growth. And we just – the truth is we have good bookings, the bookings were good this quarter in Nokia and in our 
product as well. So all in all, I will say it was just a good result which drove the deferred revenues up. 

<Q - Rob Breza>: Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Sterling Auty with J. P. Morgan. Please state your question. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: Thanks, hi. Two questions. First, back to the Nokia, can you describe whether the Nokia 
contribution to the quarter, or the benefit in the quarter, was disproportionate to any one geography? Or was it evenly 
spread similar to the rest of the core business? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: It was evenly spread. Nokia was slightly 
stronger in Europe and the U.S. this quarter. But again, it splits pretty much consistently with the rest of the Check 
Point business. 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: I think you can see it also in the – I alluded to the geographical distribution 
of our revenues. And with 44% in the Americas and 44% in EMEA and 12% in Asia – in Asia Pacific and Japan, well 
you can see it's very similar to our historical rates which we have between the quarters. So no major shift there. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: Okay. And any FX impacts in the quarter to revenue and expenses, obviously more to expenses? 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. I just remind you the basic thing in our P&L structure. Majority, or 
potentially all of our revenues are coming in dollars. In the expenses, we have a certain portion of approximately 60%, 
slightly more, in local currencies. Therefore, whenever the dollar is weakening, it effectively increase our expenses. 
And if the dollar is getting stronger, then it reduces our expenses. This quarter effect was a net $2 million effect. 


<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Negative. 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: Negative, which means if the dollar would have not moved, our EPS 
would have been even $0.01 higher. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: Okay. And just one clarification, Gil, just want to go back to the Endpoint Security. You 
mentioned some of the new products, some of the pent-up demand. When – are the new products available right now? 
Or how do they roll out over the next couple of quarters to give you the visibility into improvement in 2010? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: It does takes time. There are certain 
technologies like the OneCheck and WebCheck that are now already available in a release called R72. There is a bigger 
release that's coming later in the year that's more evolutionary in terms of the underlying architecture. That will come 
hopefully later this year, and maybe the beginning of 2010. So this takes time. We are trying to move in that space in a 
better way than we've done before. So we're not saying to customers wait for six months or a year until you get an 
improvement, we're actually coming every quarter with an Endpoint release. But as I said, I think we'll start to see 
results from what we're doing, both from a technology and from a sales standpoint the beginning of 2010. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: All right. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Israel Hernandez with Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Israel Hernandez>: Hi, guys, good quarter. It's just a quick question, Tal, on the cash. Cash balance continues to 
grow. Any thoughts here about increasing your potential buybacks going forward? It's getting kind of ridiculous at 
about 1.6 billion, given the size of your company. So I just want to get your thought process here as we move forward? 
Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think the answer here is pretty standard. We 
continue to look about the use. I've already mentioned that we are looking to more acquisition opportunities but in the 
same time it is hard to find the right one. I think we'll also look at buyback again, but keep in mind we gave that 
explanation before. We're limited on the amount of buyback we can do, based on the taxation of the amount. So we 
cannot drastically increase the buyback without taxation effect. And so overall we keep looking at all options. I think 
over the last few years we've shown that we are utilizing our cash in all these ways, both in acquisitions and in 
buyback. And we're doing it fairly consistently and we'll keep doing so and maybe we'll find even better usages of the 
cash. 

<Q - Israel Hernandez>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Kash Rangan with Merrill Lynch. Please state your question. Mr. Rangan, your line 
is live for questions. Okay, then our next question is coming from Scott Zeller with Needham & Company. 

<Q - Scott Zeller>: Thank you. I know there were a couple of questions earlier on Endpoint. Could you tell us still 
what the approximate product license breakout was between Endpoint and core Security? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: No, we don't break that. Once again core 
security did very well, Endpoint not that well. 

<Q - Scott Zeller>: Okay. And also for the Nokia business, could you tell us gross margin-wise roughly if things came 
in better than expected on gross margins versus the core Check Point appliances? 


<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: The gross margin on the core Check Point 
products are better than the Nokia appliances. I mean I'm comparing appliance to appliance, not appliance to software. 
And that's one of the long-term options for us improving, by streamlining operation, by integrating product lines and by 
getting somewhere in the middle. At any rate, both product line are very profitable so we are not trying to do any 
shake-up because both of them are good business and both of them provide good value for the customer and good value 
for us. But just generally speaking that's the two kinds of things. 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, I think we can see, we consider the fact with our gross margin 
reduced from 92% to 88%, which is a great result. There's always potential for some more savings but there's always 
other factors that work both ways. So I will say I think 88% gross margin is a good result for a company that has such a 
significant revenue coming from Appliance nowadays. 

<Q - Scott Zeller>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Ziv Tal with Oscar Gruss. Please state your question. 

<Q - Ziv Tal>: Hi. Congratulations on a good quarter. How would you characterize the current competitive landscape 
in the Endpoint security? Is there something that is missing in your portfolio that's required by clients? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think overall the Endpoint security market is 
very competitive. There are a bunch of very large companies that are very competitive and there is also a few number 
of mid-size companies that are finding their way up. And there's another tier of small companies, which we see less that 
are also there. So I would characterize that as very competitive right now. I think we have a lot of value proposition that 
we can say. And I must say that as much as I think we can do much better, we grow much more in the Endpoint, the 
level of interest with customers that I find is very, very high. I just returned from our Check Point Experience 
Conference for Asia. There's so many deals and meetings that people that wanted to know about the Endpoint was from 
that I can be positive or optimistic about the prospect. 

The main thing is not about competing on the same thing but the main thing with our product, which is really, really 
differentiated at the Endpoint. And given that we're a very, very small player there we need to find a good way to 
explain the differentiation and to show customers that they can take three or more different products and consolidate 
them into a single Endpoint agent. And that by the way holds true even after some of the consolidation we've already 
seen in the market. So I think it's not – I'm not just speaking on what was the situation a year ago, but what the situation 
should be now based on the differentiation now. And now that we've even come up with OneCheck and WebCheck I 
think it even increases that differentiation, but it is very competitive. 

<Q - Ziv Tal>: Thanks for taking my question. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Rob Owens with Pacific Crest. Please state your question. 

<Q - Rob Owens>: Great. Thank you. Most of my questions have been answered at this point but I did want to drill 
into long-term deferred revenue and the sequential change you're seeing there? I think it was down nine, $10 million 
sequentially? Thanks. 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: I think we related to that, if you look at the total deferred revenues, you 
can see the increase is just the shift between the long term and the short term. And as I said, we stopped seeing the 
increase in the long term, we see more increase in the short term. So all in all the deferred revenue did increase. 

<Q - Rob Owens>: No, I see that, Tal. But I'm curious why the long term went down by 10 million? Is that a function 
of duration? Were there some significant contracts that were one time in nature before? 


<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: Probably the second, the latter, yes. 

<Q - Rob Owens>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Katherine Egbert with Jefferies and Company. 

<Q - Katherine Egbert>: Hi. I just wanted to do a quick follow-up. We've all alluded to it but can you just address it 
outright? What are you seeing out of McAfee as a competitor on Network Security since they bought Secure? Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Short answer is we don't. Appreciation for 
McAfee, they're doing very well on Endpoint and they are a very good company. But I'll repeat the short answer, we 
haven't seen any presence on the Network Security front. 

<Q - Katherine Egbert>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

We have no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for any closing comments. 

Kip E. Meintzer, Director, Investor Relations 

Once again we'd like to thank all you guys for participating today. And if any of you would like to speak with 
management after, please send me an email or get on the call list or ring me directly. So thank you once again and have 
a great day. Bye, bye. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we 
thank you for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


