Q4 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Kip E. Meintzer 
• Tal Payne 
• Gil Shwed 
Other Participants 

• Shaul Eyal 
• Brad A. Zelnick 
• Daniel Harlan Ives 
• Philip A. Winslow 
• Tal Liani 
• Shebly Seyrafi 
• Gregg Steven Moskowitz 
• Brent Thill 
• Walter H. Pritchard 
• Aaron M. Schwartz 
• Jonathan Ho 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Greetings and welcome to the Check Point Software 2011 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Financial Results Conference 
Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal 
presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. 

It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Kip Meintzer, Head of Global Investor Relations for Check Point 
Software Technologies. Thank you, Mr. Meintzer, you may begin. 

Kip E. Meintzer 

Thank you. Good morning to all of you. I'd like to thank all of you for joining us today. On the call with me are Gil 
Shwed, Founder, Chairman and CEO, along with our Chief Financial Officer, Tal Payne. 

As a reminder, this call is being webcast live on our website and is being recorded for replay. To access the live 
webcast and replay information, please visit the company's website at checkpoint.com. For your convenience, the 
conference call replay will be available through January 26. If you'd like to reach us after the call, please contact 
Investor Relations by emailing kip@checkpoint.com or by phone at 650-628-2040. 

Now, before we begin with management's presentation, I'd like to highlight the following items. 

During the course of this call, Check Point representatives will make certain forward-looking statements. These 
forward-looking statements may include our expectations regarding demand for our security products, our expectations 
regarding the introduction of new products and programs and the success of those products and programs, our 


expectations regarding our business and financial outlook for the first quarter and full-year 2012. 

Other statements, which may be made in response to questions, which refer to our beliefs, plans, expectations or 
intentions are also forward-looking statements for the purposes of the Safe Harbor provided by Section 27-A of the 
Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21-E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Because these statements pertain to 
certain future events, they are to subject to various risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ materially 
from Check Point's current expectations and beliefs. 

Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to the risks discussed in Check 
Point's latest Annual Report on Form 20-F. As a reminder, these forward-looking statements are based on information 
available to Check Point as of today and Check Point assumes no obligation to update its forward-looking statements. 

In our press release, which has been posted on our website, we present GAAP and non-GAAP results, along with 
reconciliation tables, which highlight this data as well as the reasons for our presentation of non-GAAP information. 

Now, it's my pleasure, I'd like to turn the call over to Check Point's Chief Financial Officer, Tal Payne, for a review of 
financial results. 

Tal Payne 

Thank you, Kip. Good morning and good afternoon to everyone joining us on the call today. I'm happy once again to 
begin the review of a great quarter and what turned out to be an excellent year for Check Point. This quarter, we posted 
all-time record results across our key metrics. Our revenues for the fourth quarter increased by 12% and were towards 
the high end of our projection. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.84, representing 15% growth year-over-year and $0.02 above 
the top end of our guidance. 

Before I proceed further into the numbers, let me remind you that our fourth-quarter and full-year 2011 GAAP 
financial results include non-cash equity-based compensation charges, amortization of acquired intangible assets and 
other acquisition-related costs and the related tax effects. Keep in mind that non-GAAP information is presented 
excluding those items. 

Now, let's take a look at the financial highlights for the quarter. In the fourth quarter, our revenues reached $356.8 
million, represented an increase of 12% compared to $318.5 million in the fourth quarter of last year. This growth was 
driven by all our business elements, more products, a large increase in software blades and growth in premium support 
services. 

Product and license revenues were $158.2 million, representing an 11% increase over the same period last year. 

Over the last few months, we have launched our new appliance lines. It was received with great enthusiasm in the 
market with the new data center product, the 61000 and 21400, providing significant contribution. 

Our software update, maintenance and subscription revenues reached an all-time high of $198.5 million this quarter, a 
13% increase year-over-year. Subscription revenues were mainly driven by our annuity software blades that are 
becoming a significant part of both revenues and deferred revenues. 

Overall, deferred revenues, as of December 31, 2011, were $552.2 million, an increase of $88 million or 19% over 
December 31, 2010. Short-term deferred revenues increased by 16%, higher than seasonally expected. The increase in 
deferred revenues is attributed to strong booking of premium support and our annuity software blades. 

As we mentioned in the past, since we launched the software blade architecture, our product offering includes many 
annuity blades bundled with majority of our network security gateways. In terms of revenue allocation, we extract from 
our product revenues the fair value attributed to those blades, defer it as part of the deferred revenues, and recognize it 
over the length of the subscription, typically a year. 


Naturally the more annuity blades we bundle into our products, the more we will see product revenue shift into 
subscription revenues. Given the nice renewal rates we have seen so far, this is a positive evolution of our business 
model as more revenue is becoming recurring. 

Revenue distribution by geography for the quarter was as follows. Americas contributed 44% of revenues, Europe with 
40%, and Asia Pacific and Japan, Middle East, and African region contributed the remaining 16%. From a deal size and 
quantity perspective, this quarter we saw an increasing number of larger deals. Transactions greater than $50,000, 
stabilize and accounted for 65% of total order value compared to 64% in the same period a year ago. 

We had 49 customers that each had transactions with a value greater than $1 million compared to 44 in the same period 
last year. From an operating perspective, we posted great results. Our non-GAAP operating income was $213.7 million, 
an increase of 16% compared to the same period in 2010. Non-GAAP operating margin for the quarter was the highest 
in the last six years and reached 60%, an increase of two points compared to the same period last year. 

As you know, the fourth-quarter margins are typically the highest of the year. GAAP net income for the fourth quarter 
of 2011 was $160 million or $0.75 per diluted share, up from $137.4 million or $0.64 per diluted share in the same 
period a year ago, representing a year-over-year increase of 17%. Non-GAAP net income for the quarter was $178.1 
million or $0.84 per diluted share, up from $156 million or $0.73 per diluted share in the same period a year ago. 
Non-GAAP earning per share exceeded the high end of our guidance in $0.02, representing 15% growth 
year-over-year. 

Our cash balances reached $2,879 million at the end of the quarter. This quarter we generated $173 million from 
operating cash flow. Our DSO, days sales outstanding were 71 days compared to 66 days a year ago. The increase is 
first and foremost a reflection of the strong Q4 booking, which was also back-end loaded. An exceptional number of 
large deals which tend to close at the end of the quarter, contributed to the strong quarter but also the increase in DSO. 
During the quarter we purchased approximately 1.32 million shares for a total cost of $75 million as planned. 

Now let's take a look at our 2011 full year highlights. For the year ended December 31, 2011, revenues were $1.25 
billion, an increase of 14% compared to $1.1 billion a year ago. Non-GAAP net income was $613.6 million, an 
increase of 16% compared to $528 million in 2010. Non-GAAP EPS for 2011 was $2.87, an increase of 16% compared 
to $2.48 in 2010. 

On the operating side, we achieved non-GAAP operating margin of 58% for the year, up from 57% in 2010 and 55% in 
2009. That was as a result of our focus on efficiency and productivity but driven mainly by the higher revenues we 
achieved for the year. For the year, the cash flow from operation has reached a record $715 million. 

Now, let's turn the call to Gil for his thoughts on the fourth quarter and the year. 

Gil Shwed 

Thank you, Tal. And thank you everyone for joining us on the call today. I'm very glad to summarize the great quarter 
and an excellent year. We just closed our best quarter and our best year ever. From a financial perspective, you can see 
that we over achieved our projections for the year and have been over or towards the top end of our guidance every 
quarter, which is a direct result of superior execution by our team and share gains in the marketplace. But beyond the 
financial results, we've also made a lot of progress this year. 

We've seen a strong momentum in our annuity software blades business, which has allowed us to increase the 
effectiveness of our customers' network security by enabling them to further consolidate their security infrastructure. 
Our IPS software blade is now the most popular IPS system in the marketplace. Our DLP now boast an installed base 
of almost 1,000 systems. New blades like our Application Controls have been well received by customers while also 
contributing to our product leadership. The outcome of that is not just better security for our customers, but also a very 
nice contribution to our financial results. 


Revenues from software blades are now approaching 10% of our revenues. This continues to be a positive and now 
significant evolution of our business model. Keep in mind that it is also slightly changes the timing of our revenue 
recognition, as more revenues is deferred from this quarter to future quarter and from the products revenue line to the 
services line. 

The Software Blade Model has also allowed us to continue and innovate and drive more and more functions to many 
customers. Last quarter, we introduced an industry first Anti-Bot Software Blade, which will help combat the growing 
rates of computer Bots. Computer Bots are software agents that conceal themselves inside computer and net – 
computers and networks and are the key components of the most sophisticated attacks in recent years. The Anti-Bot 
Blade is expected to be shipped in the first half of 2012. 

Another contributor to our success are our security appliances. By integrating the software blade architecture with 
strong and flexible hardware appliances, we're able to able to give customers an even more consolidated solution. 

In Q3, we entered an additional segment of appliances, the super datacenter with over 1 Terabit [ph] rated (12:18) 
61000 system that was introduced in August. It's approximately 10 times faster and with an average selling price, 
which is five times higher than any system we produced before. In the fourth quarter, our sales of these systems 
surpassed our expectation and it looks like this success is continuing into the first quarter. 

Finally, in the fourth quarter, we've renewed almost our entire appliance product line with seven new models which 
boasts three times more performance for a similar price point. Introducing such as broad set of new products with 
impact revenue in one quarter is a very significant step that carries many risks in it. I am glad to report that it was very 
successful. 

Since its launch, over 60% of our enterprise appliances revenue already came from these new models. In both the 
high-end and low-end, we encountered tremendous success in the low to mid-range of our appliances. We've seen over 
50% growth in units compared to the previous fourth quarter. And in the high-end, it looks like we are winning even 
more projects and gaining share. 

Finally, more and more customers choose to buy our premium supports packages, which together with the annuity 
software blades help drive our deferred revenues. 

Geographically, the Americas and Asia and Middle East drove the growth, where Europe had a good year and a great 
fourth quarter despite the macro-economic challenges for some European countries. 

This brings me to the financial outlook. As you know, which is always hard to predict the future, while there are many 
factors that weigh in on a strong outlook, especially the heightened level of cyber security, our new products and our 
recent market share gains. There are also many factors in our world economy that would warrant a more conservative 
approach. As always, we took a realistic approach that has risks in it as well as potential upside. 

For the entire 2012, we expect revenues in the range of $1.345 billion to $1.395 billion. Earnings per share are expected 
to be in the range of $3.10 to $3.20 per share. For the first quarter, we expect revenues in the range of $305 million to 
$315 million and EPS in the range of $0.69 to $0.73. GAAP EPS is expected to be $0.08 less for quarter and $0.30 less 
for the year. 

Once again, I'd like to thank you for being on the call with us today. We are excited as we enter into the New Year. 
With that, we can open the call for your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first 
question is coming from Eyal Shaul (sic) [Shaul Eyal] (15:32) of Oppenheimer & Company. 


<Q - Shaul Eyal>: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, guys. Good quarter, good year. Gil, on the 61000 and 21400 
and you kind of – you indicated on the press release and also kind of in your prepared remarks that business is 
absolutely fine. Can you help us out, maybe you and Tal, with some more, kind of, quantitative data, if you can do that 
with us or if not at least qualitative? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: On a qualitative basis, as I said, I mean we had the more sales than anticipated. In the 61000, we 
actually had a pressure that we have more orders than the systems we can ship and, as I said, it's even continuing into 
the first quarter, which is a very good phenomena. It's early. I mean, usually in the first quarter, we can't say much 
about each product line, but on the 61000, we already know that we have a nice – some nice wins and some nice 
pipeline still coming in. 

And so – and that's, by the way, a set of products that the 61000, keep in mind, it's a very small number of units and it's 
very small number of deals, but the nice thing, as I said, these are very large deals and have nice revenue contribution. 
Right now, within, I mean we still count it in millions of dollars and not tens of millions, but I think soon, within a 
quarter or two, we will start counting it in two digits and not in one. Let's put it that way. 

<Q - Shaul Eyal>: Got it. Any specific kind of verticals doing better with respect to those, kind of, two appliances? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: Actually that's kind of interesting. We were expecting a lot of sales in the telco sector. And we have 
a very large pipeline in the telco center – in the telco sector, but our first deals were in very value sectors, I mean in 
retail, in healthcare, in professional services, insurance, so I mean, it's actually financials too. So I mean actually the 
first sets of products, [ph] they were (17:49) actually very encouraging, so that this is not a niche product for just, say, 
telcos or just, say, certain kind of customers, but high-end customers at many different sectors needs that product. And 
that's actually was a surprise for us. 

<Q - Shaul Eyal>: Got it. Tal, any foreign exchange tailwind with this quarter? 

<A - Tal Payne>: Yes, a small one, but bear in mind, we are usually hedging in the beginning of the year. So, the 
effect is only on the portion that is not hedged. I with say probably between $1 million to $2 million, which is $0.005 or 
so. 

<Q - Shaul Eyal>: Got it. Thank you very much and good luck. 

<A - Tal Payne>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from the Brad Zelnick of Macquarie. 

<Q - Brad A. Zelnick>: Thank you and congratulations on a great quarter, especially as we look at billings growth, 
which well exceeded our estimates and where I think the Street was. But as we look out for this year and the guidance 
that you've given us, Gil, can you give us a sense – the business is making this transition, annuity blades are doing 
really well, you're deferred revenue is growing really nicely. Can you give us a sense of what deferral rates you're 
assuming in the business and how that plays out over the year as we put our models together? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I can't say from the top of my head. As I said, I think, we're seeing a lot of healthy trends, but we are 
also seeing a lot of challenges in the macro-economy in certain countries. Actually, if you look around the world, while 
I think – again, we are doing well and the world is doing okay, I can't think about too many economies that are 
exploding or showing a very, very high growth in the economies themselves. So I don't want to push that. I think, if 
you look at our projection for the year, in general, we are kind of the same projection that we gave a year ago, and I 
really want to be realistic on that. I mean there may be an upside to that, but there also may be a low side to that, so I 
don't want anybody to expect that we will repeat the same result every year. We will do our best to produce the best 
results as always, but I think we're very, very realistic around that. 


I think overall the software blades has done really well, I mean we've talked about it in previous calls, and as I said 
there's two trends on the annuity line, one is more and more customer choosing our premium support packages, which 
increases the average price per customer, and the second one is the annuity blades that are coming both from bundled 
and unbundled software blades, which are growing very, very fast and I hope again – I hope it will continue to grow 
fast in 2012. 

<Q - Brad A. Zelnick>: Thanks, Gil. And, Tal, can you maybe just give us an appreciation across the mix of new 
product sales in Q4 for example versus Q4 last year, what is that deferral rate, because the collection of annuity blade 
that ships across the products versus what it was a year ago, I would imagine has some impact on the way that revenue 
is recognized. Can you, maybe, speak to that a little bit? 

<A - Tal Payne>: Sure. I think the first indication is that if you look at our deferred revenue, typically deferred 
revenues, if you look at last year deferred revenues increased, if I recall, 9% and the short-term increasing 10%. If you 
look at this year, the short-term increasing 16% and the total including the long-term increasing 19%. So, you can see 
there is a very significant growth in deferred revenues. And there is two reasons for that. One, we do have a growth 
also in the regular update and maintenance as many customers moved to premium, which is great, but software blades 
[ph] on their own (21:34) increased significantly as well and as the growth in the software blade is significantly faster 
in terms of bookings than the growth that you have in the update and maintenance, then its portion out of the deferred is 
increasing. So, say its portion, it's probably much more than doubled in the deferred revenues, but is still not a 20%, it's 
probably around 10% or so. 

<Q - Brad A. Zelnick>: Also, my last comment, as we've been now looking at you more recently on a billings basis 
and on that – those metrics, your performance has been great. Would you agree that that's a fair way to measure your 
performance and it's consistent with the way that you manage the business? 

<A - Tal Payne>: I think you need to look at the consolidation of the parameters. You need to look at the total 
revenues as there is a shift between product to services and it depends how we introduce new products, so it can go 
either way; right now it's going into the services. So I'll say, look at the total revenues and to have the complementary 
picture, look also at the deferred – at the deferred, so that's, I will say, the top two metrics to look at together. 

<Q - Brad A. Zelnick>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from Daniel Ives of FBR Capital Markets. 

<Q - Daniel Harlan Ives>: Yeah. Good quarter. Gil, could you just talk about, just in terms of anything that you saw 
in the field that surprise you one way or another, in terms of the U.S. geographically vertically, and going through 
customers? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I don't know if there are many surprises, I think mainly continuous of many trends. So for example, 
in the U.S., we had very strong year, very strong fourth quarter, but it's like I think the third year in a row that the U.S. 
economy, at least in our business, is doing quite well and driving growth. And that's what's wonderful to see the – such 
a large region and such a large country showing a very healthy growth rate. As I said, in our high-end system, I was 
very pleasantly surprised to see the customer mix that has come really from all sectors and all different areas, not just 
focusing on the traditional. Sometimes you expect high-end products to be in telco and financial, and we've actually 
seen that our high-end products went into all the different sectors which is a great sign to see. Beyond that, I think, 
we've seen healthy results in many places. In Europe, I would say that many, many regions and countries look quite 
nicely. Actually the strongest and the largest economies in Europe performed really well in the last quarter. So that was 
very nice to see. And nothing much and – I think I can say beyond that. 

<Q - Daniel Harlan Ives>: Okay. And just last question. The last few years you've exceeded the high end of guidance 
by a nice margin. Just – I mean obviously not – I'm not saying one year is going to have a bearing on another. But just, 
did you take the same approach to this year's guidance as you have the last few years just in regards to macro, 


obviously the product shift factors in, but just to understand, it's the same quantitative approach? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I think, we are using the same methodologies to give our estimates, but I would absolutely say you'll 
have to trust us on that. We are very, very realistic in what we give. We don't keep a – kind of something in our back 
pocket, we don't try to downplay the numbers in order to reach them. We're really, really giving a very, very realistic 
approach, which we believe in, which is based on what our field is telling us and so on. 

And so, I definitely think that if I look at the challenges in securities – in security that the world has, that we have 
upside. But if I look at the economy and if I look at also many, many other internal parameters, there is also that makes 
the assumption realistic so I won't push anyone to think that we're trying to drive down guidance in order to beat it. And 
again, I hope that we will keep the same trend, that we've done in the last few years of beating our estimates, but there 
is absolutely not only that there is no guarantee to that, it's not easy and our salespeople and our developers are working 
very, very hard every quarter to make that happen. So we're not downplaying anything. 

<Q - Daniel Harlan Ives>: Thanks again. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from Phil Winslow of Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Philip A. Winslow>: Hi, thanks, guys, another great quarter. Clearly based on just deferred revenue upside that 
you showed as well as the commentary on just large deal bookings, it seems like you guys are saying sort of a 
meaningful uptick over the past couple of quarters and your blade adoption. Gil, just wondering if you could provide us 
a little bit more detail in sort of which blades you're seeing the most interest from customers and then if there is any sort 
of difference between sort of the large organizations versus more mid-sized? And then also just finally from a 
competitive standpoint, I mean, who do you see yourselves going up against? I mean, a lot of new people are trying to 
enter in the firewall market from IDS of the networking world and then you have some traditional firewalling players, 
but when you look at sort of the next-generation firewall space, who do you see yourselves going up against and why 
are you guys wanting these deals? Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: And – so first the two blades that drives a lot of our blade business – I mean, all the blades have 
good contribution and nice growth. The two biggest one, our IPS and our Application Control. The Application Control 
it's only the first year, but it's a very good first year. And the IPS, it's the second year and continuing the trend that we 
started before that with previous technologies and its wonderful results with the new IPS blade. So these are the two 
biggest one. As I've indicated also DLPR is nice and URL filtering and I mean we have more potential here and we can 
do more in new sub-segments of the security space with the blade. 

And where are we competing? I think, we are competing with the same big vendors that's been before the networking 
companies, Cisco, Juniper. And there is midsize – several midsized companies in our marketplace, and they are still 
there. And I don't see much, I mean, the discussion about IDS companies getting into our space, I don't see that. I mean, 
it's not a – I mean, the [ph] threat (28:09) – the competitors in our marketplace are the core players of the market. It's 
not some announcement or at least we haven't seen that, I mean, I don't want to discount anyone. But we haven't seen 
companies from outside our market enter that. 

And yes there are some small emerging companies that are doing quite well, and I think we win very well against them 
with products that work better, with much better management with much higher level of security. I think we've seen 
that in a lot of competitive bake-offs and in some very, very large customers that shows that somehow, they like the 
message of a new thing, a new approach, but then [ph] when it (28:50) came down to lab tests and with sending 
sophisticated attacks, I think we've seen that many customers have chose us. So, we're – some even switched back to us 
in some cases. So, these are some of the key elements that we have in the marketplace today. 

<A - Tal Payne>: Maybe I'll just add that, in each blade you can compete with different players, but when you 
complete on the total consolidated platform, that naturally narrows significantly the number of players that compete. 


<Q - Philip A. Winslow>: Great. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from Tal Liani of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Tal Liani>: Hi, guys 

Just I have three questions, but the first one is a housekeeping question. Your tax rate was above what you said before 
and your R&D expense in dollars went down sequentially as well as year-over-year. If you can discuss these two for 
the next year and for the next few years and especially the R&D expense, wouldn't you expect that when revenues are 
not recognized and are being deferred, the R&D expense as a percentage of sales will actually go up? 

<A - Tal Payne>: Yeah, I would take – I would just say, now it's not working exactly as an excel file in reality in the 
sense that percentage can change each quarter, it's a live business. Taxes are actually completely in line with what I say 
every quarter, I would say if they are on 20%, 21% and it can go down 1%, it can go on 1%. This quarter it was 21%, 
which I think it was in line also with the Q3 and most of the other quarters. So between 20% and 21%, it's in line with 
our plan. And, again, I would say, again, it can go up 1%, it can go down 1% in general. 

In terms of the R&D expenses, it's affected by a few factors, on the one hand, the number of people, on the other hand, 
the average salary and what happens with the dollars since – as the dollar getting stronger and significant part of R&D 
people are in Israel, it reduces the cost of the R&D in our report and it's not to linked necessarily to a percentage of our 
revenues. Also bear in mind that if our revenue is growing more than we planned, then it's – many times, as we've seen 
in the last two years, allows an expansion of the margin, although it's not our plan and not what we aimed for. 

Operating margin, you can see this quarter moved up to 60%. It's typical that in Q4, the margin will be significantly 
higher, exactly because your expense level is very similar to previous quarters, but the revenues are increasing 
significantly. So, typically... 

<A - Gil Shwed>: Maybe I'll simplify it a little bit at least in the R&D. The R&D is mainly fixed expense based on the 
head count and again the dollar rate. And we did expand the head count in the R&D. So we actually had more people 
developing our product at the end of 2011 than we had in 2010. And, I think, what limits us, right now, is not the 
margin or sales growth, it's the ability to find really, really excellent people. Right now, we have a very strong focus on 
large recruiting of top talent and that's a major focus for 2012. 

I think, the major financial impact of that will actually be in 2013, because if we recruit people in 2012, most of their 
spend and the expense on that will have an effect whether they'll work for a full-year in the company 2013. And we'd 
like to hire now as many good people as we can, because that drives better products and at the end, in the long-end, it 
drives more revenues from better products. So... 

<A - Tal Payne>: And just to translate that in terms of your projections going forward, as we say many times, we are 
not aiming to expand the margins. So you can see also in our guidance, it assumes very similar margins to the average 
you have seen in 2010 and '11 and you can see it in the EPS ratio versus the revenue. 

<Q - Tal Liani>: Thank you. You spoke a lot about premium services on the call and as a prime reason for the growth 
in deferred revenues. Can you discuss what is the premium versus "regular service" and then, what's the rationale, 
what's the reason for customers to upgrade to premium versus regular? And if you have any percentage, like for 
example, what's the percentage of customers that are taking premium versus what's the percentage of customers that are 
taking regular? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I don't have the numbers over the percentage of customers, but I'll explain the differences between 
the services. Premium services are general services like 7x24 support instead of a regular business hours. With the new 
appliances, where it's even more value in premium services, things like onsite support, accelerated delivery of the 
replacement products and things like that that are producing additional revenues from services. Some of them come 
with a little bit more cost on our end, some of them come with a lot of cost on our end like onsite support and things 


like that. 

And I think that customers – I think the reason for that is I think is a product mission critically in many places. I think 
of taking a little bit more support direct and I think overall it's with customers seeing value in that support. If we see 
that we get – that we don't get – that we get the good service and they need that good service. And that's one of the 
factors in the deferred revenues, it's not primary reason, I mean, it's [ph] very big there, (34:41) software blade is bigger 
than this, whereas other factors too that's helped it, but that's clearly a nice shift, which we've seen this year and we are 
very, very happy with it. 

<Q - Tal Liani>: Gil, just last question about something you said before about competition, the new datacenter 
product, do you see the same competition that you've seen before with a traditional lines of products or do you face 
now new types of products or new types of competitors? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: Not new types of competitors, it's a – not all the competitors in our marketplace have the solutions 
in that category. I would say that two of them did and I think we are competing now very, very well against them. And 
before we just were very – our [indiscernible] (35:32) market segment was small, not – so, I think, that's why we are 
calling it an extended market segment. I mean, we were in the market, we're in the network security and so on and just 
that when a customer wanted a multiblade, a multiple hundred of gigabit solution, we had to work mainly with partners, 
now we can really drive the security level and the performance level. And, again, that's a very nice market segment, 
which – where we know the customers. The customers are our customers and they are very, very happy to stay with us 
across the product line. 

<Q - Tal Liani>: Excellent. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from Shebly Seyrafi of FBN Securities. 

<Q - Shebly Seyrafi>: Yeah. So, thank you very much. So, can you talk about whether the company is ending support 
for the Nokia Appliances this year and whether this could drive an upgrade cycle better than expected this year and 
next? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: We are not ending support for any product and we actually, I think, our customers want and we'll 
give them a lot of longevity in terms of supporting the product. We're also not ending the sales of these products. And, 
again, we'll have a long sale cycle. What we do see that for the first time and maybe that's one of the things you are 
hinting through is that we have a new operating system that is not released yet that will give the customers the same 
experience as they had with the IP Series, the previous Nokia Appliances from the general Check Point appliances. 

And now with the newer series of appliances, which will be unified, we'll combine all the good elements of previous IP 
Series of the previous Check Point appliances, three times more performance, which means much better price 
performance. And with a backward and forward compatibility for operating in a lot of new features, I think that 2012 
will be the real year of – of the start of the change, start of a major change of the IP Series loyal customers shifting to 
the mainstream Check Point appliances and I think that will definitely make us even more competitive that we were 
before in that. 

<Q - Shebly Seyrafi>: So this DoS, is this coming out in the first half of the year and how big a deal was it in your 
opinion? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I think, customers are really expecting the new operating system and there's a lot of buzz from 
customers that they want it. It's, I think, supposed to go out in the first half of the year, even though an operating system 
is something very, very complicated with a lot of impact. So it can come early, it can come later and so on, and also 
don't expect the shift be an overnight shift. I expect the shift would take between a year and two years, but still, I think, 
when we went into the IP business, we thought that customers will very quickly shift from the old model to the new 
model. We've actually been very pleasantly surprised how loyal customers are to the IP Series appliances and how long 


we stayed with them and how strong was the revenue stream that we generated for these appliances. 

I think the last quarter and the next two, three quarters are marking the beginning of the change and again, it's a very, 
very positive change. It means it will have more unified product line, a more unified R&D operation, a better operation, 
of course, and so on. So, I mean it's a very – and much better for the customers that will have a single platform from 
Check Point and not two platforms from Check Point. So, I think, the change is starting right now and it will take 
between a year or two. 

<Q - Shebly Seyrafi>: Okay. And last one from me, if I can. Two of your fast, faster growing competitors are Palo 
Alto Networks and Fortinet. Can you talk about how are your win rates have improved versus these guys since your 
early October announcements of 61000 and 21400? Thank you. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I don't know unless we track the win rates, but I think we feel very, very good about that. I think, 
there are both good companies and they have produced, at least from what we can see, very strong results, say, in 
recent years. But I think we are very confident about our ability to compete. I think our win rate is actually increasing. 
It's not just the result of the 61000 System, it's the entire product range. It's the new appliances that are faster, it's the 
application control, it's the Anti-Bot Software Blade that's coming to market, it's the overall integrated architecture, it's 
the total management and I think the maturity that our product tells us that makes us a very big – I mean, it makes our 
customers very loyal to us and make new customers weigh in Check Point more that we've done before. And I think so 
far it's working quite well. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from Gregg Moskowitz of Cowen. 

<Q - Gregg Steven Moskowitz>: Hey, thanks. Hi, guys. I had a question on your guidance for 10% revenue growth 
this year at the midpoint. You've spoken often about the increasing shift to the balance sheet from software blades. I 
know you don't provide explicit product revenue guidance, but can you give us a sense of how you expect product 
revenues to perform this year relative to your total revenue growth? 

<A - Tal Payne>: You know where the previous question regarding what you should follow and that's why I said, look 
at the total growth of revenues exactly because there can be shift. Naturally, according to the situation as of today, 
lower growth in product, higher growth in service as you've seen in 2010, so – in 2011, which is the same phenomenon. 
So, I would assume less in product, more in services in general. 

<Q - Gregg Steven Moskowitz>: Okay then, Tal, just a follow-up, I know a couple of quarters ago, you were targeting 
150 million in bookings from blade in 2011. From what we could tell you were tracking a fair amount above that. 
We're just wondering how the year ended up in terms of the total contribution from blades? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I think we've reached what we've estimated, we've stopped that. I think we're at the run rate what's 
even higher than that and I think we're very happy with that, again better than what I anticipated a year ago or more 
than we've cited at software blades business. 

<Q - Gregg Steven Moskowitz>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from Brent Thill of UBS. 

<Q - Brent Thill>: Thanks. Gil, just on the cash position. Clearly, you've been building for quite some time and now 
you're approaching $3 billion. Can you give us your view on '12, on your thoughts and capital allocation between the 
dividend, potential dividend, buyback and M&A? 


<A - Gil Shwed>: Right now there's no change. We had a policy that has approximately $300 million in buyback 
program per year and that was based on the loss of shareholder feedback, which we've got. I think, almost every board 
meeting, we're reviewing that and based on the feedback that we get and based on our capital, we decide what to do 
with it and we'll continue to invest. So right now there's no change and we'd continue to review that. 

<Q - Brent Thill>: And just a quick follow-up on the 61000, who do you view as a primary competitor today that 
you're seeing in the field? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I think, I'd rather not name and not give credit to our competitors on that. There is one vendor in the 
marketplace, which has been the player in this category and I think by now, we've seen a great success in the 
marketplace against or replacing them in their accounts. Actually many many customers in the past just told us we 
really rather have your product, but we don't have a product. So, it was for us and long development process to come up 
with such an architecture. It's not just a bigger box; it's a very sophisticated architecture inside that box with many new 
components, hardware and software that didn't exist before. 

It's almost three years development that we've done and so far, I'm very, very pleased with the results, because we've 
seen that the demand is higher than our supply and that the feedback so far is very, very positive from customers and 
not only that these solutions in the market that usually are extremely complicated and take weeks to install. Our case 
we've been in situations recently when a customer really needed best performance and in one day, we made the system 
work and operate [indiscernible] (44:22) network. That's something that in our industry or in the comparable product 
simply doesn't exist. So, and that I think will be the key to scale in the long run. 

<Q - Brent Thill>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next is coming from Walter Pritchard of Citigroup. 

<Q - Walter H. Pritchard>: Thanks. Gil, I wonder if you could talk about the à la carte blades and what efforts you're 
taking to go into the installed base and if we should expect that effort to accelerate in 2012, because it's got more 
customers on new versions and appliances are shipping that have much higher performance potentially get through 
some of the bottlenecks on loading multiple applications on a box? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: The short answer is yes. I mean, you're absolutely right, despite of our strategy. I mean, we built 
stronger appliances, which means that they can take much more load and can do more function. We go to our installed 
base and show them how they can. I mean we have been like going to a customer in a certain function, which is not our 
mainstream business and telling them, you're paying now X number of dollars per year. Give us a chance, we will save 
you at least 40% of our operating expenses if you just buy – buying our blades. And I think we can – in almost all 
cases, we can save at least that for the customers, sometimes even more. 

And again, simply their infrastructure, give them better visibility, a lot of other positive things that customers can get. 
And that's a very, very important part of our strategy. And then just to be clear, last year, we've seen a lot of growth in 
the – what we call – when we divide the blades, we have parts that's bundled with new products and we have the parts 
that's unbundled, which customers buy à la carte, which is exactly what you asked. We've seen very healthy growth last 
year in the à la carte, which means that customers like that model and buying into that. 

<Q - Walter H. Pritchard>: Got it. And just one follow-up and one quick one. Just a quick one on employees, Tal, I 
didn't hear a number for the quarter, where are you guys in employee count? 

<A - Tal Payne>: 2,471. 

<Q - Walter H. Pritchard>: Great. And then just on the Europe comment, I mean, you did mention that some of the 
territories are tougher. Your Europe growth has been good and not impacted materially by currency. Are you seeing 
that geography, is it worsening or is it stabilizing or I'd love to hear any comments just on, sort of, the second derivative 
there? 


<A - Gil Shwed>: I think, it's kind of hard to predict. I mean, if you'd ask – and again that's why we are trying to not 
give too many comments on that, because if you'd ask me in the middle of the fourth quarter, I would say that it's bad 
and it's a very weak. If you'd ask me now, we had a wonderful Q4 and we had the great results in Europe in the fourth 
quarter. I think, what I'm saying is that it wasn't necessarily easy to achieve, but it also means that we have a very 
balanced business. And when I look into Europe and analyze it, it's definitely not looking like one market. There are 
some segments that are doing very well and had growth, let's say equal to the U.S. and doing really nice and there are 
some other countries in some regions, that they've been struggling a little bit more and some of it by the way was also 
changing from quarter-to-quarter. So it's not only one bucket and it's not a quarterly stable. So I mean what does it 
mean in terms of what's the derivative of what, what I can predict for the future it's very hard to say. I'm careful on that, 
because of the fact that we've seen a mixed feelings and mixed results in previous quarters, means that it can also 
happen next quarter. But, we can be surprised, for the good and vice versa. 

<Q - Walter H. Pritchard>: Thank you. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: [indiscernible] (48:04)? 

<A - Tal Payne>: Yes. I think I would just say that Europe unlike the U.S. the U.S. is obviously one economy and 
we're seeing it consistently strong for few years. While in the Europe, I would say it depends which countries, some do 
great, some do less and then the next quarter it can turn. And in Southern Europe as we told it wasn't great last quarter 
and wasn't great this quarter as well. So I'll say I'm more cautious about Europe as we all read the same newspapers and 
see the same economies and I will be more careful in Europe. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: But Southern Europe is also our smallest region in Europe. 

<A - Tal Payne>: Sure, yes. Southern Europe is quite small for us. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: So I mean if you look at Central Europe, Northern Europe for us are the big markets and the big 
economies and they did last quarter very, very well. 

<Q - Walter H. Pritchard>: Great. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming for Aaron Schwartz of Jefferies & Company. 

<Q - Aaron M. Schwartz>: Thanks for taking the question. I just had a sort of follow-up on what's driving the 
acceleration and deferred. I know you mentioned a few things, but in terms of the annuity blades, can you provide any 
more detail on whether it's – sort of the bundles on the new product offerings the à la carte blades or even in the 
renewals of last year. I am sure it's a combination of all three, but can you sort of rank what's having more of an impact 
on the acceleration and deferred? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: The short answer is all of them, in which we were underlying it very, very carefully and the reason 
we are so excited about that is because it's not that one drives the other. They are all going – well the bundled one are 
obviously – it's a good thing to see that customers like it, but that the good news about the bundled one is, bundled with 
the product. So, the customer has, there is some choice. By the way, it's not that the customer doesn't have a choice, 
they have a choice, but it's more limited between the model. The good news about that and the reason we are so 
optimistic is because the renewal rate for the bundled one is high, and that means that after the customers have used the 
blades or have the blades bundled or for their perception for free for the first year, they actually decide to renew them 
in very high percentage their second year, which is the main criteria for success and the main criteria for longevity of 
that. And -- so at the same time, there is a lot of customers that are buying their first year, their à la carte blade. So, I 
think, it's all three elements that are doing quite well. 

<Q - Aaron M. Schwartz>: Okay. And, I know, long-term deferred is still a smaller component there, but it did show 
a little better growth. You mentioned the annuity blades are mostly one years, is the premium support sort of going out 


longer than one year? What's driving that long-term? 

<A - Tal Payne>: I think, many times also you've seen Q4 that you have some longer contracts. You had the same 
phenomena also last year. And it really depends each quarter it can happen, it can go down and go up, so I would less 
look at the long-term, I was looking more in the short-term growth. So, it has a very strong quarter. There was a few 
long-term contracts, which is great. And, we had the same, if I recall, in last year – no, actually in last quarter in Q3, 
growth as well – you've seen last quarter also, it grew in the 41% and this quarter it grew in 52%. So, just I guess 
[indiscernible] (51:20) 

<A - Gil Shwed>: [indiscernible] (51:21) phenomena, which customers would like to commit for a long time, that 
means that they think that they'll use the product for a long time and they think that we get a good economical value 
from that program. So, they buy a long-term contract. So I think it's very positive and that frees up our people to worry 
about doing more with more customers rather than renewing the same contracts. So, I think it has a good contribution 
for everyone. 

<Q - Aaron M. Schwartz>: Okay. And last question from me if I could. In terms of the head count, in terms of the 
absolute numbers it did accelerate in 2011. Can you talk about your hiring plans for 2012? And the way you talked 
about the expenses hitting in 2013, does that imply that your hiring is going to be a little more back-end loaded in the 
year? Thank you. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I think we want to make – in hiring, it's the kind of the same phenomena. We always want to hire 
the people early on, so they'll have more contribution earlier to the company. On the same time, it always takes longer 
to find good people and so on. Remember that in terms of the expense, if we want to hire people in the first half of the 
year, that means that their impact on the first half of the year will be, I don't know, one month, two month from the 
average. I mean if we hire all the people in January, then yes, we'll have a contribution for five months, but we already 
know that we haven't found – that we won't hire too many people in January and that means that most people will join 
us between March and May or March and June even. And that means that they'll have little impact on the first half of 
the year. 

And remember one more thing in the head count cycle is that people leave mainly in the second and somehow in the 
third quarter of the year. So, somehow it all balances out and the new hires have – the real impact of a new hire affects 
only the following year. 

<A - Tal Payne>: Yeah. But bear in the mind, by the way, that typically the increase is coming in the second half. 
When you look budget-wise into next year, the recruitments of the second half of 2011, you will see the full effect in 
expenses in the first half of the year. 

<Q - Aaron M. Schwartz>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our last question is coming from Jonathan Ho of William Blair & Co. 

<Q - Jonathan Ho>: Just a quick question around the product refreshes that you guys had talked about. Aside from the 
high-end product launch, can you give us some color on how much of an impact that three times greater performance 
had in terms of your core products and whether we've seen the full impact of that product refresh in your results at this 
point? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: It's hard to say what impact it has, I mean mainly we check what customers are replacing. Now 
there's two things that can happen here. One is that everything continues the way it was before instead of buying, I don't 
know, an appliance for a $20,000, the customer buy a new one for the same $20,000 and gets three times more 
performance. That's one impact. And that's of course the desirable impact, but actually desired impact is more 
customers decide to buy the $20,000. 


The risks are the following. One risk is that enterprise customers are fairly conservative, and when they see something 
new, they want to evaluate it first and to certify it first for their environment and that takes time. So, in some cases that 
can slowdown procurement, because they will need to recertify the newer clients, so that's one risk. The second risk is 
that customer would say, [ph] no (54:55) I was price sensitive instead of buying an appliance for $20,000, I can get 
better performance for, let's say, $12,000 and that will be good because it will make us more competitive, but it will 
hurt short-term revenues. So far, our knowledge shows that on the most models and on most segments things behave 
very, very well. We've seen an increase in the number of units, we've seen stable or higher ISP per category and for 
almost all category that was the case. We've seen maybe one category when we're thinking that customers are deferring 
their purchases and want to do more testing or consider the shift between various model within the series. But, I would 
say that four out of five series as we've seen this shift going extremely smoothly and extremely well. 

<A - Tal Payne>: And just remember, this is only the first quarter, so it's too early to conclude too much out of it. 

<Q - Jonathan Ho>: Got it. And just one quick follow-up on – it's more of a clarification around your IPS renewal 
rate, are you guys seeing any differences in the second renewal versus the first renewal and now that you've lapped the 
product for a year at this point, is that materially higher, it's actually for the IPS blade once somebody sort of renewed it 
once on that second go around? 

<A - Tal Payne>: I think it is slightly early in the sense that the third year is actually starting only in this Q4 and we 
didn't have the opportunity to analyze that because if you remember we launched it in Q3, Q4 2009. So, just the Q4 
2011, which was this quarter is the quarter that you can check it for the first time. So, I'll say it's too early. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: But I think it's generally, yes, you're right, customers that got something bundled, the renewal rate is 
lower than a customer if it's already paid for it and wanted that. And on the same time, we were pleasantly surprised by 
the customer got these bundled and renewed. So the third year like Tal is saying, Tal, is higher from all the data that I 
have seen so far. And customers that already paid for something once, as they renew at a rate of which is pretty high 
like the top quartile of percentage and customers that have it only for sort of bundled will renew in a percentage, let's 
say between 40% to 60%, which is very, very high, each one is by the way is a surprisingly high number. 

<Q - Jonathan Ho>: Great. Thank you and great quarter. 

<A - Tal Payne>: Thank you. 

Kip E. Meintzer 

Thank you, guys. We appreciate everybody joining us on the call and look forward to talking to you during the quarter. 
Take care and have a great New Year. Bye-bye. 

Operator 

Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you all for your 
participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 


© COPYRIGHT 2012, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


