Q1 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Kip E. Meintzer 
• Tal Payne 
• Gil Shwed 
Other Participants 

• Shaul Eyal 
• Philip Winslow 
• Daniel H. Ives 
• Michael Turits 
• Brad A. Zelnick 
• Philip C. Rueppel 
• Walter Pritchard 
• Rob Breza 
• Rob Owens 
• Keith Weiss 
• Brent Thill 
• Stephen Patel 
• Israel Hernandez 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Greetings and welcome to the Check Point Software Technologies Limited First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. 
[Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, 
Kip E. Meintzer, Head of Investor Relations for Check Point Software Technologies. Thank you, Mr. Meintzer, you 
may begin. 

Kip E. Meintzer 

Thank you. Good morning to everyone. I'd like to thank you all for joining us today to discuss Check Point's record 
financial results for the first quarter of 2011. Joining me on the call today are Gil Shwed, Chairman and CEO and 
Founder, and Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer. 

As a reminder, this call is being webcast live on our website and is being recorded for replay. To access the live 
webcast and replay information, please visit the company's website at checkpoint.com. For your convenience, the 
conference call replay will be available through April 21. If you'd like to reach us after the call, please contact Investor 
Relations by e-mailing Kip@checkpoint.com or by calling +1-650-628-2040. 

Before we begin with management's presentation, I'd like to bring the following to your attention. During the course of 
this call, Check Point representatives will make certain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements 
may include our expectations regarding demand for our security products, our expectations regarding introduction of 


new products, programs and the success of those products and programs, and our expectations regarding our business 
and financial outlook for the second quarter of 2011 and full year. 

Other statements which may be made in response to questions which refer to our beliefs, plans, expectations, or 
intentions, are also forward-looking statements for the purposes of the Safe Harbor provided by the Private Securities 
Litigation Reform Act. Because these statements pertain to future events, they are subject to various risks and 
uncertainty and actual results could differ materially from Check Point's current expectations and beliefs. 

Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, the risks discussed in Check 
Point's annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2010, which is on file with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission. As a reminder, Check Point assumes no obligation to update its forward-looking statements. 

In our press release, which has been posted on our website, we present GAAP and non-GAAP results along with a 
reconciliation table which highlights this data, as well as the reasons for our presentation of non-GAAP information. 

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Tal Payne, Check Point's Chief Financial Officer, for a review of the financial 
results. 

Tal Payne 

Great. Thank you, Kip. Good morning and good afternoon to everyone joining us on the call today. I'm happy once 
again to begin the review of an excellent quarter. This quarter, we achieved a record first quarter results, which 
exceeded the high end of our projections as we continue to demonstrate solid growth. 

Our revenues for the first quarter increased by 15% over the same period in 2010, while our non-GAAP EPS was 
$0.64, representing 16% growth year-over-year. Before I proceed further into the numbers, let me remind you that our 
first quarter GAAP financial results include non-cash equity-based compensation charges, amortization of acquired 
intangible assets, gain on sale of marketable securities previously impaired, and tax-related effects. Keep in mind that 
non-GAAP information is presented excluding these items. 

Now let's take a look at the financial highlights for the quarter. In the first quarter, revenues exceeded the high end of 
our projections. Revenues reached $281.3 million, representing an increase of 15% compared to $245.1 million in the 
first quarter of 2010. This growth was driven by strong product sales and continued growth in our annuity software 
blades. 

Product and license revenues were $105.3 million, representing 16% increase year-over-year. The growth in product 
sales came mainly from high-end appliances, driven by the Power-1 Series. Our software update, maintenance and 
service revenues reached an all-time high of $176 million this quarter, a 14% increase year-over-year. The growth was 
driven by our annuity software blades that are recognized as services. 

Deferred revenues as of March 31, 2011 were $460.4 million, an increase of $40.7 million or 10% over March 31, 
2010, with growth in revenues across all geographies, with Americas and Asia-Pacific leading the growth. Revenue 
distribution by geography this quarter was as follows. Americas contributed 44% of the revenues, Europe with 39%, 
and Asia-Pacific and Japan, Middle East and Africa regions contributed the remaining 17%. 

From a deal side perspective this quarter, we saw an increase in the number of large deals. Transactions greater than 
$50,000 accounted for 61% of total order value, compared to 53% in the same period a year ago. We had 27 customers 
that each had transactions with a value greater than $1 million, compared to 21 in the same period last year. 

From an operating perspective, we posted great results. Our non-GAAP operating income was $160.6 million in the 
first quarter of 2011, an increase of 17% compared to the same period in 2010. Non-GAAP operating income margin 
for the quarter was 57%, an increase from 56% in the same period last year. 

GAAP net income for the first quarter of 2011 was $122.1 million or $0.57 per diluted share, up from $98 million or 
$0.46 per diluted share, representing an increase of 24% year-over-year. Non-GAAP net income for the quarter was 


$137.1 million or $0.64 per diluted share, up from $116.8 million or $0.55 per diluted share in the same period a year 
ago. Earnings per share exceeded the high end of our guidance, representing 16% growth year-over-year, primarily as a 
result of our top line performance. 

Our cash balances reached $2.572 billion at the end of the quarter. This quarter, we generated $212 million from 
operating cash flow. Collection continues to be strong with our DSOs days outstanding at 65 days, similar to the end of 
the previous quarter. In the first quarter of 2010, we started with DSO of 76 days and reduced it to 69 days by the end 
of the quarter, which resulted in increased cash flow in that period. 

This quarter, we also paid $22 million tax advances compared to $9 million in the comparable period last year, as the 
timing of tax payments can fluctuate between quarters. In addition, we acquired all the shares of [indiscernible] (07:35) 
minority and fully integrated its activity into Check Point. Also this quarter, we increased our buyback and purchased 
approximately 1.5 million shares for a total cost of $75 million. Now let's turn the call over to Gil and his thoughts for 
the first quarter. 

Gil Shwed 

Thank you, Tal, and thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call today. I'm glad to report another good quarter. Q1 
produced very good results, higher then our projections. We always look carefully on the trends in the first quarter, 
hoping it will set the tone for the year. While it is always difficult to predict the future, the tone set by the first quarter 
is a very good one. 

Two major trends have contributed to the strong results this quarter. One is the success of our enterprise and high end 
appliance product line, mainly the Power-1 series of appliances. The second contributor that demonstrated high growth 
and provided significant revenue contribution is the annuity software blades, like our IPS and new application control 
software blades, which appear under the services line in the P&L statement. Geographically, we've seen continued 
strength in the U.S. market and a high growth in our emerging market, Asia-Pacific and Latin America. 

Shifting to our strategy, the main event of the quarter was the launch of our new vision, the 3D Security. While there 
are plenty of technologies to address the many challenges of security, the key to elevating the level of security within 
the enterprise won't come from simply implementing more technologies from additional companies. It should start by 
looking at security as a business process. 

Our 3D Security initiative attempts to address this challenge. We believe companies should start developing their 
security strategy by focusing on the three dimensions of security: policy, people and enforcement. Here at Checkpoint, 
we are very focused on raising the level of security awareness, which plays well into the strengths and uniqueness of 
our software blade architecture. 

While the launch of 3D Security is not a product or technology launch, its principles are already implemented 
throughout our latest R75 product line. R75, which was launched this quarter, is a major breakthrough in security and 
the first step in making 3D security a reality. 

R75 incorporates five new or improved software blades – application control, identify awareness, data loss prevention, 
intrusion prevention and mobile access – enabling businesses to gain greater visibility, user awareness and 
multi-dimensional security in a single solution. We believe that R75 presents a great opportunity to leverage the 
strength of our technology platform while raising the bar across the industry for functionality, integration and overall 
security gateway quality. 

In conjunction with this, recently we received NSS validation of our technology leadership from NSS Labs, an 
independent security testing lab. The report from the beginning of the year provided us with great ratings for IPS 
software blades. Their most recent report and evaluation of the key firewalls in the marketplace was even better. We 
were the only firewall to pass the test. 


For us it seems obvious our focus is on security and our people work night and day to provide the best security. But you 
can read the NSS and the Forbes blog by Andy Greenberg to get a better glimpse into that. Simply, not all firewalls are 
created equal. 

Looking at the security marketplace around us, we always expect competition to be good. However, as we look at the 
marketplace today, I believe that we are in a unique position to demonstrate the superiority of our strategy and product. 

In terms of numbers, as we are all aware, there are always risks predicting the future. That being said, we continue to 
expect good performance for the year and we are maintaining our annual projections. For the second quarter, we expect 
revenues in the range of $290 million to $297 million and non-GAAP earnings per share in the range of $0.63 to $0.67 
per share. GAAP EPS is expected to be approximately $0.08 less. 

Once again, I'd like to thank you for being on the call with us. We had a great Q1 and I hope it's a great sign for the 
remainder of 2011. With that, we can open the call for your questions. Thank you. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Shaul Eyal of Oppenheimer & Company. 
Please state your question. 

<Q - Shaul Eyal>: Thank you. Hi. Good afternoon, guys. Good quarter. A couple of quick questions on my end. Gil, 
which specific blades performed well this quarter? I know you mentioned the IPS. Anything else apart from that? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: The application, the [indiscernible] (12:46) application control blade had very good results. But keep 
in mind, it's only the first quarter of sales so dollar contribution is not huge, but for a first quarter it's pretty good. Our 
mobile access blade, which we launched in Q4, also had some nice results, but again, not huge in terms of the overall. 
And the IPS has already started to be important in terms of the overall dollar value in the results. 

<Q - Shaul Eyal>: Got it. Tal, any currency impact given the continued weakening of the U.S. dollar versus the Israeli 
shekel? And maybe a word about Japan, what's happening on that front? Thank you. 

<A - Tal Payne>: Sure. Maybe I'll start just to remind you our P&L structure. Our price list is in dollars in the majority 
of the world, so our revenues are denominated in dollars. When we look at the expenses, approximately 40% of our 
expenses are not in dollar, but in other currencies, mainly Israeli shekels and euros. And as the dollar is weakening, it's 
not good for us, and the dollar is getting stronger, it's better for us. Bear in mind that we are fully hedged for the 
balance sheet and partially hedged for the P&L so it affects us in a more muted way in the P&L. It can be – a 10% 
move can be a $0.02 a quarter if you are not hedged. 

<Q - Shaul Eyal>: Got it. And just a word about Japan? Any impact whatsoever? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: Firstly, it's very hard to predict the future impact in Japan. This quarter Japan actually had an 
excellent quarter. They outperformed the plan, they grew nicely year over year in a pretty significant way. So 
fortunately, despite the terrible disaster in Japan, it didn't have a negative business impact. 

<Q - Shaul Eyal>: Got it. Good luck. Thank you very much. 

<A - Tal Payne>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Phil Winslow of Credit Suisse. Please state your question. 


<Q - Philip Winslow>: Hi. Great quarter. Gil, I just wanted to get a sense of just what the early adoption or feedback 
that you've received on the R75 release? And then also, could you give us an update of just exactly where we stand 
with R65 and as we've kind of transitioned through into support, how you think that affects just business? Do you get 
people moving to R70, R75 and just what opportunity does that present? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: In terms of R75, the initial feedback that we get is excellent. The quality is high, the functionality is 
high, and so far we get only very good feedback on R75. I think by now, R70's almost two years in the marketplace and 
many, many customers are moving to the new software version. 

And to your question about the previous version, R65, R65 is starting to near its sort of supported lifetime. It's now 
about five years in the marketplace and we expect that many customers will upgrade. Now, the opportunity – when a 
customer upgrades, you can see a big part of our revenues are subscription. So customers can get the upgrade at no 
additional cost. They already paid for that. 

The opportunity as one customer moves to the software blades architecture, they can add more blades. They can add 
the IPS, which is very popular. They can add the DLP, which is starting to catch up. They can add application control, 
which I expect to be very popular. It's a very natural and simple thing that you put on every gateway and it gives you 
much more insight and much more control over the existing traffic. So the more people move, I think that presents a 
great opportunity for selling more software blades. So far, it's proving itself because from last year the software blades 
revenues grew very, very nicely. 

<Q - Philip Winslow>: Great. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Daniel Ives of FBR. Please state your question. 

<Q - Daniel H. Ives>: Hey, a few questions. First, in regards to the linearity in the quarter, were there any changes 
versus a normal March or anything anecdotal you saw? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I think the trend in the last year or two is that quarters are becoming slightly more back-end loaded 
and this March was no exception. We had very, very strong end of quarter this time and with part of the very good 
results that you're seeing here today. 

<Q - Daniel H. Ives>: Okay. And then just finally, just reiterate, we've seen over the last few years your sort of thesis 
with guidance for the year and not really changing it till we start to get through the second half. Obviously it's a beat 
this quarter, but just give us thoughts in terms of guidance for the year? Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I think we will use the same strategy again. I think we are – I'm very optimistic after the first 
quarter. It was a very good quarter. But again, every quarter is a new quarter. Our product sales start from almost a very 
low level at each quarter and we need to sell all the products. 

So I'd rather wait and be cautious about that rather than raise numbers now and see other things later in the year. I hope 
that by the time you reach the second half, we'll see that we can, that we're going to have better results than we 
expected. 

<Q - Daniel H. Ives>: Okay. Have a happy Passover. Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: Yeah. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Michael Turits of Raymond James. Please state your question. 


<Q - Michael Turits>: Hey, guys. Good morning. Can you talk a little bit about on the blades side what percentage it 
seems to have been of bookings and maybe of revenue for annuity blades? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: We don't break that. It starts to be right now in the tens of millions of dollars per quarter. 

<Q - Michael Turits>: That's on the revenue side or on the bookings side? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: Both. 

<Q - Michael Turits>: Okay. Tens of millions. So is it pretty much about the same percentage as it was last year, 
because you gave that last year just around -


<A - Gil Shwed>: I think the growth was higher than our overall growth, so that means that the percentage went up a 
little bit, yes. 

<Q - Michael Turits>: Okay. And then a question on cash flow. Your cash flow is down year-over-year, but I think it's 
off a tough comp in terms of the working capital contribution last year. Overall, you had a lot of good contribution 
from non-deferred working capital in 2010, so will that continue to be a tough comp throughout the year or should we 
be able to expect that the cash flow will grow about at the same rate as net income in 2011? 

<A - Tal Payne>: Yeah, I think Q1 was unique in that because our DSO reduced over 2009 and balanced on around 65 
days in the middle of the year. So I think 2010, yes. So in the middle of 2010, if you look at our days outstanding, you 
will see that it's around 65 days and that's the level that we have today. So from Q3 Q4, it should be no effect on our 
growth of the cash flow. 

<Q - Michael Turits>: So cash flow should grow about in line with net income this year? 

<A - Tal Payne>: Yes, yes. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: And I think we had very good cash flow for the quarter. I don't want anybody to make any mistake 
on that. I think we generated over $200 million in cash. That's very strong. 

<Q - Michael Turits>: Great. Thanks, guys. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is from Brad Zelnick with Macquarie. Please state your question. 

<Q - Brad A. Zelnick>: Thank you. Great quarter, guys. Just wanted to touch on something, most questions that I had 
were asked, but, Gil, as long as we have your time, as analysts, we hear a lot out there about next generation firewalls 
and was hoping maybe you can just share your thoughts. Some would say that Check Point would require a dramatic 
change in architecture to compete. But clearly just from your numbers this quarter, you're competing very nicely. Can 
you just give us a little about your view on next gen firewalls? Is the application Control Blade enough to compete 
there? And what does the product look like going forward? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: First, I mean, we called our products next-generation firewall about 10 years ago. So I don't like that 
term too much. But other people in the industry are using that. If I compare it to their terms, we have today a product 
that's drastically superior to any other product in the marketplace. And that's proven on every market study by 
independent labs, by us and by customers. 

I got this quarter several huge customers that evaluated products with the requirements specified of everything other 
people would call next-generation firewall. And we won hands down on everything, on functionality, on quality and so 
on. You can see the NSS test labs that we're the only one that passed the test. 

And it's not ended and I don't look at it lightly. I mean, when you buy a security product, the main thing that you do is 
that it will keep attackers outside and won't crash. Some of the other firewalls – not some, all of the other firewalls 
didn't do that. They didn't keep the hackers outside and half of them crashed during the test. So if you look at 


everything that we have, we have something not equal, not as good, we have something much, much better. A 
generation ahead. 

If you look at software blades and what it provides, with things like the DLP blade and with the superiority of the IPS 
blade and with the user identity that's extremely easy to configure, and with the Mobile Access and VPN blades, again, 
many others, it's completely, I mean I think it's several years ahead of the people who claim that they are a year ahead. 
If you look at other vendors in the marketplace, some larger vendors in the marketplace, they are even more far behind. 

Add to that the Check Point management console, our experience [indiscernible] (22:45) product and focus on security 
and so on. I think it's nice to hear from some emerging start-up claims about new architecture and new things. So far, as 
much as I can say, completely unbiased, and some of these people, I mean, some of these companies are stable 
companies, good installed base – I think inferior to Check Point – some of these companies are going to fail very, very 
quickly in the marketplace. 

<Q - Brad A. Zelnick>: Thanks. And just one quick one, if I could, for Tal. Did you enter the quarter with any sort of 
backlog for R75 that shipped? Again, that's all for me. Thank you. 

<A - Tal Payne>: I'm not sure I understood the question. Obviously, we start with a high level of deferred revenues. 
Some of the deferred revenues relate to appliances or software that is with R75. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: No. We didn't -


<A - Tal Payne>: Probably very – probably close to nothing, actually. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: No, we didn't. Actually, we haven't – I mean, we had some backlog from previous quarter and so on, 
but nothing was related to the release of R75. We actually supplied R75 to few customers even last quarter. The formal 
release and the formal launch was this February, but we've already supplied some R75 installation in Q4. 

<Q - Brad A. Zelnick>: Thanks, again. Great job. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Philip Rueppel of Wells Fargo Securities. Please state your question. 

<Q - Philip C. Rueppel>: Great. Thank you very much. A couple of questions. You mentioned that your blades 
business is growing faster than the overall business. Is that a result of just more blades being sold with initial systems or 
are you starting to see success selling standalone blades back into the growing installed base of R70 and R75 systems? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I think it's complete – it's both. I mean, we've seen some in – I mean, every new system today comes 
with more blades and they are part of it, which is growing nicely, and this is growing in line with the growth of sales. 
But in terms of blades that people buy a la carte and renewing the blades that were bundled for the first year with the 
system, we have even better results. 

So it's coming from both areas. And of course, that's very important because just growing by bundling is not enough. 
We need to grow by – when the customer gets its bundle and sees the value and when the customer have a choice and 
they choose to renew it or they choose to buy things a la carte, and both are growing well, both are contributing. I think 
in terms of the revenue contribution, it's also – it's not even, but they both are contributing high amount of dollars. 

<Q - Philip C. Rueppel>: Great. Thanks. And you talked about, in Japan, you talked about sort of the end user or the 
issues with end users, but I'm curious about the supply chain on your appliance side? Is there any issues there that you 
see that impacted the quarter or going forward? 

<A - Tal Payne>: We didn't see any effect this quarter. Obviously in the future, we can't predict, but we don't 
anticipate anything at this stage. 


<Q - Philip C. Rueppel>: Okay. Great. Thanks. And then you mentioned some of the blades that were selling well. 
DLP is one, is a segment that had a lot of interest, but it hasn't really – for any vendor – hasn't really emerged as a 
significant growth arena. Do you see that as changing over the near term? And sort of how do you view your DLP 
blade positions against other vendors? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: So first, I do anticipate the DLP becoming important. I do believe in this market. And I think, not in 
the short term, but in the mid term, it should become more and more significant. So far, what we've seen with DLP is 
that we had a good start with it. Our success rate in terms of project is pretty high. we are able to win deals very quickly 
and we are able to demonstrate the value of what we provide within days. 

And again, now, that leads me to comparing it to other vendors and other solutions. The main difference in our DLP 
solution is first in the results. Our DLP solution actually blocks files from being sent mistakenly or unmistakenly 
outside the company. 90%-some of the installations that don't use our solution are not used in active mode, they are 
used just in monitoring mode, and that's a huge difference. 

There are few reasons to that. But one of the reasons is the extreme simplicity of our product. Our product is designed 
so we can sell it to tens of thousands of customers. It's not a complex system that requires six months of demonstration 
and installation and configuration. And it's a system that can be installed and go to production within days. Again, all 
the examples that we have with customers, it's actually happened that way, that within a day or two, the system was 
active and running. 

And the third element, which is very consistent with our 3D security, is involving people. One of the big differentiator 
of our product is when there's an incident, if you're sending a file that looks suspicious, you'd get a question back that 
asks you to verify that the file needs to be sent. And that alone takes away between 90% to 99% of the incidents 
because most incidents are a simple mistake and people want – they need to confirm, they realize that they made a 
mistake. 

And of course, people that have some bad intention and they are sending data knowing that they shouldn't send it, they 
usually don't want to send it once they get the message that it's being recorded and they need to explain a reason, they 
need to basically take ownership of it. 

So these are the sort of three factors that I think make our DLP solution unique. The challenge, by the way, in bringing 
it to a lot of customers is the perception in the marketplace for DLP is that it's a long, expensive, complicated project. 
And when we have a very tough education process, telling, showing, explaining to people that DLP can be actually 
quick, simple and inexpensive. 

<Q - Philip C. Rueppel>: Great. That's it for me. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Your next question is from Walter Pritchard with Citi. Please state your question. 

<Q - Walter Pritchard>: Hi. I just had another question related to the blades. And I guess, Tal, you've always talked 
about a fairly modest expectation around the renewal of the imbedded blades that have come bundled with R70 and 
R71. And I am wondering if you could maybe give us an update on where that's come in versus where your 
expectations are? 

And then second question also related to blades and a follow-up to the question on R65. Should we expect that this year 
you see a significant acceleration in the deployments of R70 driven by the end of sale or is that a relatively less 
important event in the process of customers uptaking the R70 and above version of the product? 

<A - Tal Payne>: Do you want to take the second part of the question? Okay. Actually, we've seen in an increase in 
the move from the R65 to the R70. We are growing the numbers. We reported last quarter I think in the low 10s – 
above 10% – and now we are close to a third, which is a very significant growth in that right. And bear in mind what 
Gil related to is as we see an increase in the conversions, so is the opportunity for us to be able to sell them additional 


blades as an a la carte opportunity. So that's regarding the second part of the question. And the first part, can you repeat 
the first part again? 

<Q - Walter Pritchard>: Just that, Tal, I think you had talked about having fairly modest expectations around the 
renewal rate on the embedded blades and the bundled blades that came with the R70 and R71 bundles. And I'm 
wondering if you could just give us an update on sort of where your expectations were and where that's come in as 
you've had, I guess you're about 18 months to start renewing those blades? 

<A - Tal Payne>: Yeah, sure. Bear in mind the renewal is two quarters into it. We had Q4 and Q1 really more 
significant numbers than previously because we just started in the middle of 2009. So the renewals actually came 
towards the end of 2010 and now are increasing. 

My expectation was in the low percentage, like maybe 10%, maybe 15%, maybe 20%, it depends. And the reason was 
that the majority of those came from bundles and therefore we needed to accumulate experience and see how many of 
them are actually renewing for the second year when they pay separately as a la carte. I was pleasantly surprised, as I 
said in the previous quarter. It's less than 50%, but more than I expected, which my expectation was 10% 15%. So it is 
somewhere in between. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I think by any standards of the industry, it's a very high renewal rate that's actually even improving, 
so that's even the good news about that. 

<Q - Walter Pritchard>: And just a clarification on the one-third comment around the R70 and above. Was that, that 
one-third of the installed base is now on R70? 

<A - Tal Payne>: Yes. 

<Q - Walter Pritchard>: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot for taking the questions. 

<A - Tal Payne>: Of that installed base, yes. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Robert Breza of RBC Capital Markets. Please state your question. 

<Q - Rob Breza>: Hi. Congratulations on the quarter. Gil, I was wondering if you could – I know in your prepared 
remarks, you talked about the high end doing extremely well – I was wondering if you could give us some additional 
color on what you're seeing in the mid-market and maybe the smaller business, specifically by geography would be 
helpful. Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: First, the high-end products, it's not necessarily high-end customers, so I mean in terms of product 
family. I think we've seen stable and stability and even slight growth in the mid-market products. And I don't know if 
we should attribute it to the fact that we are more successful or serve more high-end customers or to the fact that simply 
more customers are choosing to buy the higher-end model products. So I don't have a good answer to that. 

Both cases, again, I think our, if I look at the multi-quarter trends, the trends are very, very positive. In Q4, we had all 
product lines growing very, very nicely. In Q1, we had the high-end Power-1 and other type of appliances growing in 
huge numbers. So that's pretty good. We also see, by the way, some of that is also shift from the previous Nokia 
appliances, the IP Series, to the Power Series from Check Point and that's also a positive move. 

<A - Tal Payne>: Yeah, and I would just add that it can easily fluctuate between quarters. Each quarter a different 
family does better than the other, so I wouldn't read too much into that. 

<Q - Rob Breza>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: By the way, this quarter I said that the main contribution came from the high-end appliances, but the 
second biggest growth came from the very low-end appliances that we have, the ones that are under $2,000. And that 


family has very, very high growth. It's not huge in terms of dollar contribution because of the low prices, but then we 
have very good growth in unit numbers and in the dollar value as well. So again, you can't trend into any of the – I can't 
say what these numbers actually mean on that stance. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is from Rob Owens of Pacific Crest. Please state your question. 

<Q - Rob Owens>: Thank you much. You guys have seen continued momentum in large deals and impressive metrics 
on that front. Can you give us a little color there in terms of either market dynamics or effectively what's driving that? 
How far along are we in this firewall refresh cycle? Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: At first, I think we'll constantly be in the firewall refresh cycle. Again, I think it's most or all the 
large companies in the world have some firewall infrastructure for many years, I mean, since the late '90s. And now we 
are refreshing and renewing, Rob. So I don't know if there's one cycle or anything like that. 

We don't see a cycle. I mean, we don't see a cycle, we see a constant process with customer upgrading. The good news 
is that customers are upgrading, they get now much more functionality, they need more performance, they scale their 
environment. In many cases, we win competitive wins and customers that used other vendors' environment are moving 
to us. 

Overall, if I would say the dynamic that we've seen for us is very, very positive. We've seen some comments from very 
large other vendors that their business in the last few quarters was declining, at the same time that we've experienced 
double-digit growth. And that should say that we are gaining market share nicely. And I'm very pleased with what 
we've seen so far. 

<Q - Rob Owens>: And then can you give us an early update on R80 and your Endpoint business? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: That started pretty much this quarter but we shipped late last year, in December 30th or something. 
The new Endpoint solution that has the unified client and the unified management, slow start, the beginning, so there's 
not much I can say at this point. I think there's a lot that we can and should do there. And I think at the same time we 
have a very, very unique value proposition combining all the elements of Endpoint: the anti-malware, the beta security, 
the remote access VPN capabilities. And I think today, it is a very unique offering in the marketplace. 

<Q - Rob Owens>: All right. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Please state your question. 

<Q - Keith Weiss>: Excellent. Thank you, guys, for taking my question, and again good quarter. With the release of 
the R75 platform, I believe you added a couple of new Blades into the standard configurations for the gateways, 
application control and identity control, and if I'm not mistaken, raised prices along with it, raised average list prices. I 
was wondering if you can give us some color on how well those increases in average list price translated into the 
marketplace? How well were they accepted by the end customers? And did you see a subsequent improvement in your 
average pricing due to those price increases? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: Yes. I mean, that's the short answer. I mean, just to elaborate a little bit more, I think we've provided 
more value and charged a little bit more for that. From the reactions that we get, the reactions are positive to that. Our 
ASP moved up this quarter nicely. And so all we are hearing is so far is positive. 

In fact, the nice thing about the software blades architecture that we have full flexibility to match any customer 
requirement. So while our bundles or our standard products carry a certain price and have more and more functionality 
and the ASP is growing, we have the full capability to add more or to reduce functionality and reduce price, if the 


customer wants it. So far, I haven't seen any pushback on that. 

<Q - Keith Weiss>: Got it. And if I could ask one follow-up, just from a competitive environment perspective, it looks 
like CISCO has been really struggling in security. Their security revenues were down in their most recent quarter, 
which has to be a positive for you guys. Are you continuing – I mean to the degree, what degree have you guys been 
seeing share gains from CISCO and to what degree has that continued into 2011 into your first quarter? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: To be honest, I think we are getting share from CISCO, but CISCO wasn't, for a couple of years, 
one of the most aggressive competitors. So CISCO sells a lot into their installed base and I think we are gaining some 
share there. CISCO wasn't one of the more aggressive competitors in real competitive situation and complicated 
environment. There we are seeing other companies competing and I think we are doing very well as well. But if you 
ask me on the top ten or hundred deals, I don't know if CISCO was in most of them. CISCO was in a small minority of 
them. And other vendors like Juniper have been active. I think we're winning very well as well in both deals. 

<Q - Keith Weiss>: Excellent. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from the line of Brent Thill of UBS. Please state your question. 

<Q - Brent Thill>: Good morning. Gil, if you could just maybe assess your performance in Europe versus what you're 
seeing in Americas and Asia? And the second question around mobile. There's a lot of competitors that are scrambling 
to figure out how to address this market. I guess, just from your perspective, what you're seeing as this is shifting on the 
mobile side? And what steps do you need to put in place from your perspective to ramp up this initiative here? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: So first, looking at Europe – in the U.S. I can look at it as a relatively unified or homogeneous 
market. In Europe, it's not. I can talk about the total number for Europe, but it's not – I mean, we've seen last quarter 
certain countries growing very well and this quarter we've seen other countries growing very well, not necessarily the 
same countries. In the last two quarters, Europe the last quarter was very strong. This quarter, Europe posted modest 
growth, not as high growth as the U.S. did. 

And again if I look at the breakdown for countries, it's a very complicated picture. I mean actually this quarter the 
countries that did very well were the emerging markets in Europe, which is a good sign. But again, each country is a 
different story. For the second part? 

<A - Tal Payne>: Can you repeat the second part again? 

<Q - Brent Thill>: Yeah. Just on Mobile, where do you sit relative to the competitive landscape. And others still are 
scrambling to figure out how to address this market. Can you give us just a perspective on what you're seeing as this 
shifts more increasingly and the traffic on the network is going to mobile, how you would assess your position and 
what else you need to do on this side? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: There are several parts to mobile. I'll relate to two big ones that we're involved in. One in the mobile 
is the telcos are upgrading their infrastructure because they need to support much higher loads of traffic with basically 
what's happened in the last two years, which is moving to 3G communication in very high quantity. 

That's a great opportunity for us. We had some nice wins and it can contribute very large infrastructure, high-end sales 
to ourselves. And it exists and it's there and we're just at the beginning of these opportunities. 

The other side is the enterprise side. For the enterprise to allow mobile users with their iPhones, androids, connect back 
to the enterprise in a secure manner, there we have the mobile blade. It had a good start, I think very good start actually, 
but I think there is much more to be done on that side. It's not, again, there are some dependencies, for example, we talk 
about iPhones. There's a lot of dependency on what Apple allows companies to do or not to do, what to release and 
what to release. 


So far we have a very good solution. It has a nice uptake. There are things that we can and should update and improve 
on that product, but I'm using it every day and every minute and it works very well. 

<Q - Brent Thill>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Stephen Patel of Gleacher & Company. Please state your question. 

<Q - Stephen Patel>: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions and great quarter. Can you give us insight on where 
you're focusing your R&D activities and your product roadmap? I know you've been working on merging the IPSO and 
SPLAT operating systems and emerged family of appliances. What type of enhancements or new capabilities should 
customers look for in the second half and next year? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I think if I look, let's say – I don't want to give any timeframes or any expectation for a certain 
product – but if I look 6 to 18 months ahead of us, yes, we will have a unified operating system. When we release new 
appliances, they are going to be unified and they are not going to be, again, multiple families, like the IP Series from 
Nokia and the average one from Check Point, and that's very obvious. And that's part of what our R&D is doing. 

I also think we work very, very hard to bring additional layers and additional security technology into the software 
blades family. And those things that we've already started, like DLP, to make it a bigger reality and to expand on what 
we are doing. 

So I think on the platform and operating system side, we'll see better, faster, unified things. On the security front, we 
will see new security innovation from Check Point. And on the existing technology, we'll see a lot of expansion of 
those. We just made first few steps with things like application control, DLP and others. And we're going to see more 
of that in the coming quarters. 

<Q - Stephen Patel>: And I also want to follow up on the blades. Can you give us a sense for what the growth and 
contribution was for blades excluding the IPS blade? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: We don't break that by blades. I think the other blades actually probably have grown, I don't 
remember it, but I think probably even grown faster than the IPS, but the dollar amount is much smaller. But we've 
seen very nice growth. Application control came from zero to very nice numbers. Mobility in a similar way. So I mean 
it's going quite well. 

<A - Tal Payne>: And obviously the anti-virus and spam and filtering -


<A - Gil Shwed>: Yeah, actually, all of those have done quite well this quarter. 

<Q - Stephen Patel>: Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we are nearing the end of our allotted time for question-and-answer session. I have 
time for one last question. That question will be from Israel Hernandez of Barclays Capital. Please state your question. 

<Q - Israel Hernandez>: Hey, guys. Most of my questions have been answered but, Gil, can you give us maybe an 
update on the Nokia refresh opportunity? It's now been a couple of years since you've acquired that installed base. 
Where are we in terms of the upgrade process? How much opportunity remains in front of us? And anything you can 
share around that process would be great. Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: So first, the good news that we acquired Nokia two years ago, we said that we are acquiring it in a 
very good shape because they have a relatively new appliance line and the loyal installed base. And I must say that I 
was positively surprised by how resales holds up. We were actually expecting a very quick shift from the Nokia 


appliances to the Check Point appliances and we have seen that the Nokia appliances are holding up pretty nicely, 
which is a good sign. 

And we are starting to see the shift in the combination of the product lines. And again, it adds a lot of customers that 
are upgrading their infrastructure. I think maybe this quarter, we've seen the first signs for that when the IP Series was 
stable and the Power-1 Series was really growing very, very fast. So that's maybe a good sign to that beginning of shift 
to a more unified product family. 

Kip E. Meintzer 

All right, guys. Thank you very much. We appreciate you joining the call today and we look forward to catching up 
you all during the quarter. And we'll see you sometime in July for another earnings. Have a great day and enjoy. 
Bye-bye. 

Gil Shwed 

Thank you very much. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


