Q3 2008 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Kip E. Meintzer, Investor Relations 
• Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer 
• Jerry Ungerman, Vice Chairman 
• Gil Shwed, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Founder 
Other Participants 

• Brad Zelnick 
• Garrett Becker 
• Sterling Auty 
• Shaul Eyal 
• Rob Breza 
• Israel Hernandez 
• Philip Winslow 
• Rob Owens 
• Walter Pritchard 
• Todd Raker 
• Michael Turits 
• Daniel Ives 
• Brian Freed 
• Katherine Egbert 
• Sarah Friar 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Greetings and welcome to the Check Point Software Technologies Third Quarter 2008 financial results. At this time all 
participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. 
[Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host 
Kip Meintzer, Director, Investor Relations for Check Point Software Technologies. 

Thank you Mr. Meintzer, you may begin. 

Kip E. Meintzer, Investor Relations 

Welcome to all of you joining us today. This is Kip Meintzer, Director of Investor Relations for Check Point Software. 
On the call with me today are Gil Shwed, Chairman and CEO; Jerry Ungerman, Vice Chairman; and Tal Payne, Chief 
Financial Officer. We would like to thank all of you for joining us today to discuss Check Point's third quarter results. 

As a reminder, this call is being webcast live on our website and is being recorded for replay. To access the live 
webcast and replay information, please visit the company's website at checkpoint.com. For your convenience, the third 
quarter results replay will be available through November 11. If you'd like to reach us after the call, please contact 
Investor Relations at +1-650-628-2050. 


Now, before we begin with management's presentation, I would like to bring the following disclaimer to your attention. 
During the course of the call, Check Point representatives will make certain forward-looking statements. These 
forward-looking statements may include our belief that one of the key drivers of our success is that our products are 
aligned with the security needs of our customers, our expectations regarding the potential impact of market conditions 
on our business as we move forward, our expectations regarding our business outlook for the rest of the year. 

Other statements which may be made in response to questions which refer to our beliefs, plans, expectations or 
intentions are also forward-looking statements for the purposes of the Safe Harbor Act provided by the Private 
Securities Litigation Reform Act. Because these statements pertain to future events, they are subject to various risks 
and uncertainties and actual results could differ materially from Check Point's current expectations and beliefs. Factors 
that could cause or contribute to such differences include but are not limited to the risks discussed in Check Point's 
Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2007, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission. Check Point assumes no obligation to update its forward-looking statements. 

Now, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Tal Payne, Check Point's Chief Financial Officer. 

Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Kip. I would like to welcome everyone and thank you for joining us today. I would like to share with you 
the financial results of another great quarter for Check Point. Our quarterly results reached the upper range of our 
guidance for both revenues and earnings per share as we continue to execute in our strategy. 

Before providing with an overview of the financial highlights for the quarter, I would like to remind you that our first 
quarter GAAP financial results including equity and base compensation expenses in accordance with FAS 123(R), 
expenses relating to acquisitions, and impairment of marketable securities in accordance with FAS 115. Non-GAAP 
information is presented excluding these items. 

In our press release, which has been posted on our website, we present GAAP and non-GAAP results along with 
reconciliation tables, which highlight this data. Now I'd like to share with you the financial highlights for the third 
quarter of 2008. 

Revenues for the quarter were $199.7 million, an increase of 9% year-over-year. We continue to execute on our total 
security strategy during the quarter, as we continue to add many new customers across all industries. We continue to 
see strength across our business through Check Point UTM-1 and Power-1 appliances contributing the further growth. 

From a geographical standpoint, our revenues growth was lead by our enterprise business in EMEA with increased 
demand across the Asia-Pacific region. Americas contributed 42% of our revenues; Europe, Middle East and Africa 
with 45%; and Asia-Pacific and Japan region contributing the remaining 13%. 

From a deal size and quantity perspective, this quarter we continued to see an increased number of large deals, with 
transactions greater than $50,000 accounting for 44% of our total order value compared to 40% a year ago. There were 
eight customers that each had transactions with a value greater than $1 million coming from both network and Endpoint 
Security products. 

Our product and license revenues were $82 million, representing 7% growth over the third quarter of last year. This 
ranks one of the best results we have ever had in any quarter and the best third quarter in the recent years. 

Year to date we've realized double-digit revenue growth of 13% both in product and licenses revenues, as well as 
software update maintenance and service revenues. GAAP earnings per diluted share for the third quarter of 2008 were 
$0.37, and non-GAAP EPS was $0.44. Both came in the high end of our guidance, mainly as a result of our topline 
performance and expenses control. 

From an operating perspective, we posted record high results. Our non-GAAP operating margin increased to 53% for 
the quarter, up from 52% in the comparable quarter last year and the highest we have had recorded over the last six 
quarters. This is mainly as a result of our expense management, coupled with seasonal decline in marketing expenses 


and assistance from the slightly improved strength of the U.S. dollars against our other currencies. Bear in mind, this 
currency exchange rate still remains under our plan and below the year ago level further underscoring these great 
results. 

Our effective GAAP and non-GAAP income tax rate for the third quarter was approximately 19%, in the range we have 
previously communicated. Deferred revenues for the quarter were $273 million, an increase of 46 million or 20% 
growth over the third quarter of last year. We are continuing to maintain customer renewals at a very high industry rate. 

In the third quarter of 2008 we generated cash flow from operation of $115 million, an increase of 30% compared to 
the same period last year. The operating cash flow includes $22 million refund from the Israeli tax authorities received 
during this quarter. Our cash and marketable securities at the end of the quarter increased to over $1.4 billion, in line 
our strong cash flow. 

The credit quality of our portfolio remains high and consistent with our conservative investment point of view. During 
the quarter we recorded a minor write-down of $2.3 million relating to impairment of Lehman Brother bonds in 
accordance with FAS 115. During the quarter we purchased approximately 2 million shares for approximately $50 
million, and we have now approximately $300 million remaining in the current active share repurchase program. 

So to summarize, overall I'm happy to report such good results with profitability and revenues at record levels. And 
now I'd like to turn the call over to Jerry. 

Jerry Ungerman, Vice Chairman 

Thank you, Tal, and good morning to all of you joining us today. I would like to begin by expressing how pleased I am 
with our execution during the third quarter. We believe one of the key drivers of this success continues to be our Total 
Security strategy and the delivery of our expanded portfolio of security products that are in line with the needs of our 
customers. What I have heard repeatedly from customers as I interact with them in our customer advisory groups which 
I did again in this quarter in both New York and London is that they are looking for a security infrastructure partner 
they can depend on to address their current and future enterprise security needs. 

Today we are able to address the security demands of our customers in both the physical and virtual network 
environments and also at the end point, where we have the only single agent of its kind available in the marketplace 
today. We are also able to provide our customers with the ability to manage their security infrastructure from a single 
management console, which has become a compelling aspect of our Total Security strategy as customers look to reduce 
the complexity of their security infrastructure and operational cost while maintaining the highest levels of security. Our 
comprehensive suite of Total Security solutions build on our unified security architecture are designed to address the 
challenges facing enterprise IT professionals today and into the future. 

From a partner perspective, we continue to implement programs that closely align our interest with partners and allow 
them to enjoy the rewards of our expanded product suite. As we have spoken about in the past, we would like to add 
partners with expertise in the new products that make up our expanded portfolio. Over the course of the last quarter we 
have done just that. By adding approximately 400 new partners, we're focused on selling and implementing our Total 
Security products in the marketplace. We will continue to recruit new partners to address the growing demand for 
Check Point products, while targeting future partners that address business segments and geographies where we are 
underserved. On the competitive front, we continue to make further inroads against our competitors across all regions. 
This includes both new opportunities and displacements worldwide. 

We believe we have continued to increase our market share as we continue to receive input from our partners around 
the world, illustrating their continued success and we believe it is also indicative in our financial performance. We have 
our found our partners old and new that are excited about the new opportunities available to them as we have continued 
to expand our portfolio of security solutions. And they continually tell us of the customers they work with are looking 
for a vendor who is totally focused on security that secures both their network and data. We believe we are well 
positioned with over 3,000 partners worldwide and a portfolio of products focused on providing Total Security that will 


allow us to address our customers' infrastructure security needs now and in the future. 

In conclusion I would like to say that we continue to be very encouraged by the demand for our security products 
across all business segments, industries and geographies during these challenging economic times. With that I will turn 
the call over to Gil. 

Gil Shwed, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Founder 

Thank you Jerry. I would also like to thank everyone for joining us today. And you know these are not easy times for 
the world economy around us. Despite that, I'm proud to see that during the last quarter we continued to deliver good 
results at the upper range of our guidance. While the market conditions around us have affected us in some ways and 
will continue to have an effect on everyone's business in one way or another, it is very encouraging to see the strong 
results we produced in the seasonally challenging third quarter. 

This quarter we met personally with many customers and partners, even more than usual. The feedback we received so 
far is quite encouraging. Customer wants to hear more about our strategy and expanded portfolio and while everyone is 
concerned about the economy, some see that as an opportunity to streamline their security operation, consolidate multi 
vendor purchases to Check Point and enjoy the benefit of our software architecture and our new appliance solutions 
that deliver great value. 

Our sales team continues to have a healthy pipeline and forecast for the fourth quarter, which is in line with our 
previous plans. With this economy, it is hard to make any prediction, but we'll stay consistent with our policy and 
provide the current estimate that we assembled from our team. For the fourth quarter, we expect revenues in the range 
of 209 to $228 million. GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of 34 to $0.44 per share. And non-GAAP EPS is 
expected to be in the range of 45 to $0.51 per share. These numbers remain consistent with our previous guidance and 
are actually slightly higher than our original guidance that we gave at the beginning of 2008. I hope that our execution 
will enable us to finish the year on a high note with minimal effect from the economy. 

Now let's open the call for your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is 
coming from the line of Robert Breza with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question. I'm sorry actually 
we have that question from the line of Brad Zelnick with Banc of America Securities. 

<Q - Brad Zelnick>: Yes. Thank you. Good morning and thanks for taking my question. I guess, the top question on 
my list would be around the Americas, contributing only 42% of revenue in September down from 44% in June and 
47% a year ago. I would expect that part of that is from the obvious trends and growth in Asia-Pac and EMEA. But can 
you tell us more specifically about the demand environment and what it is that you saw in the market in the Americas 
this quarter? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I can't say that we saw something very different than usual. As I think you indicated right we had 
better, we had good result in EMEA and we had very good result in Asia-Pacific, if I look at the trends that we've seen 
specifically. However, that was nothing, except the general economy that we saw, was nothing different that I've seen 
so far. I think our Americas team still has a healthy forecast for the fourth quarter. There are a few deals from the third 
quarter but they should have gone and maybe will go into fourth quarter. But again, nothing major unusual. 

<Q - Brad Zelnick>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Garrett Becker with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead with your 
question. 

<Q - Garrett Becker>: Good morning. As I'm looking at the guidance, Europe continues to do well for you guys. And 
just wondering if you could comment on a little bit on the linearity in the quarter and also as we think about the 
guidance, how are you thinking about Europe and how sustainable do you think the growth in Europe is going forward? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: First quarter was back-end loaded. It remains back-end loaded, and I think the trend of quarters 
becoming more and more back-end loaded is something which we've seen for the last couple of years. So that's about 
the linearity. In terms of the overall business as I said we have a healthy forecast from Europe. We have a healthy 
forecast from the Americas. The main region which we are seeing growth beyond the same kind of numbers is Asia. 
And that's very good because I think we can do much better there. 

<Q - Garrett Becker>: Great, and then on Nokia maybe I could just quick follow-up. Do you expect any impact from 
the sale of Nokia? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: Well, the sale of Nokia, I think it's an interesting move. I mean on one hand I think it does have a 
good potential to spread in a little bit of position of what you need with Nokia. Because it will give more focus, 
something that you already started earlier this year. But to refocus their efforts on competing and selling better 
appliances. So I think from that standpoint it's not bad. 

From the Check Point perspective it's actually very positive because I think it opens up more opportunities for us. 
We're been very consistent in not to compete with Nokia with our own appliances. The move that Nokia made makes 
more customer ask for it and more customer interested in the Check Point appliances. And I think this has both in the 
short term and in the long term a lot of upside potential for us. And again as I said I hope that this up side doesn't come 
at the expense of lot of our partners. But nevertheless, it should have very positive impact on the Check Point 
financials. 

<Q - Garrett Becker>: Is there any chance that you'd consider buying them at this point? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I think they announced that they have financial buyers. I can't comment on behalf of them or on any 
other ways of that deal. 

<Q - Garrett Becker>: Great. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your 
question. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: Thanks. Good morning, guys. A couple of questions. On the software update, maintenance and 
service seemed to have a very good result in the quarter. Can you give us a little bit more color, whether it be 
quantitative or qualitative, as to the contribution, where the strength came from? Was it the services side or was it the 
subscription and maintenance side? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: Well, first in a big part of the world, we sell the two together. So we have the SmartDefense security 
update program, which continued to perform well but was the small part of the subscription revenue. The rest of it is 
the software update and the maintenance. In the U.S., this is sold separately; in the rest of the world, it's sold combined, 
where you cannot separate the two. Overall I think we had good results all over. 

I mean we are tracking our renewal rate and the renewal rate remains in very high percentage, well over 90%. And it 
stayed consistent during the quarter. We so far didn't have an effect for renewals from sectors that were under pressure. 
We've seen some nice renewals even from these sectors. So overall the business behaved okay last quarter on those. 


<Q - Sterling Auty>: But this was the first quarter it kind of stepped up again since last December. In other words, if 
we look at March, June, it seemed pretty stable. Was there anything in terms of either price increases or customers 
taking on additional subscription – or it seems like there should be something here to describe the strengths? 

<A - Tal Payne>: Actually, I remember that question from the previous quarter and we said it's not a phenomenon, that 
we saw it staying stable on the same rate between Q1 and Q2. And we said we do expect to see that picking up again in 
Q3, and that's exactly what happened. And we pointed at that moment, that if you would have looked at the deferred 
revenues level at the end of Q2, you would have seen that it actually increased while typically it decreases, and 
therefore our expectation was it would continue to pick up still. Nothing in essence of the business, just I would say 
allocation between quarters, that's all. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: The only phenomenon that I can tell about our subscriptions that's starting to happen and what I'm 
giving is you some early notice on that is that we see more and more subscription contracts that are multi-year. The 
percentage of these contracts, right now it's fairly small. But that's the one thing that's a phenomenon that we see 
starting to happen and again, overall I think it's a very positive phenomenon that people would like to buy three years 
and five years contracts and not just one year. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: Okay. And I know you don't break out the network versus the data security anymore. But I 
missed it if you made many comment. Can you at least kind of give us a description or some color as to how much the 
Check Point appliances specifically kind of contributed to the quarter, whether it be percentage or dollar amount? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: We don't break with a suite point, but the appliances did very well. We had two new appliance lines, 
which we launched in the second quarter. They both performed extremely well and we see very, very healthy growth 
on that side of the business. A part of it is taking software sales and converting them into appliances. Part of them is 
actually converting also for licenses which are already in the market and participating in the upgrade cycle there which 
we didn't participate before. But in both cases we've seen some nice successes. So if there was one area of performance 
that did good on the financial front it's the performance of our appliances. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: Okay, and last question 


<A - Gil Shwed>: Keep in mind by the way that our high end Power-1 appliances are very, very new to the market, so 
the fact that we even see contribution from these picking up is very positive because for such high end products, is 
usually a long sales cycle. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: Okay and last question is on cash flow. It seemed like the accrued liabilities jumped up in the 
quarter to help cash flow. Is that something that is going to reverse itself in the fourth quarter? How should we be 
thinking about the cash flow this quarter as it relates to what you might generate next quarter? 

<A - Tal Payne>: Operating cash flow was positive and in line with – every quarter, we have a positive cash flow. The 
significant spike that you saw for the positive was a result of the refund that we received from the tax authorities. So 
no, we paid it historically and we received a portion of it back during the quarter. So, no it's not something that's going 
to turn next quarter. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: And the strongest cash flow we're probably going to have in Q1, once we collect the December 
accounts receivable. So remember in terms of that behavior the strongest cash flow hopefully is expected in the first 
quarter. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: All right, great. Thank you, guys. 

Operator 

Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of getting as many questions as possible, we ask that you please limit 
yourself to one question. Our next question will be coming from the line of Shaul Eyal with Oppenheimer & Company. 
Please go ahead with your question. 


<Q - Shaul Eyal>: Thank you. Hi, good afternoon guys. UT Maco got acquired within the recent months, Secure 
Computing getting acquired by McAfee a number of months ago. Have you been seeing any near-term benefits on the 
data security front from those consolidation events? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: No, I mean I don't think that we've seen the benefit from that yet. I think the consolidation in the 
industry in general, not just in that specific area, should work in our favor. We're one of the largest vendors, customers 
see us as a good partner, it's a company that's stable, it's good to do business with. So I think overall in [inaudible] I've 
indicated a little bit about that, that we've seen more and more positive reaction from customers to look at our 
combined portfolio. So far from these acquisition I don't think that we've seen any effect on our business. 

<Q - Shaul Eyal>: Fair enough. Just one final question, specifically on Europe, which has been very stable and 
beneficial for you guys this quarter. Can you provide us with slightly more color on what exactly, where kind of that 
strength came from, what countries? Is it Western Europe, Eastern Europe, how do you kind of look at it? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I don't have it right now in front of me, but later in the call we'll find more data on this, we will be 
happy to share it. We are checking right now. 

<Q - Shaul Eyal>: Thank you very much. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: Just to be clear, that means that there wasn't any big unusual activity that jumps to our minds right 
away. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Robert Breza with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with 
your question, sir. 

<Q - Rob Breza>: Thanks for taking my question. Gil, maybe just looking at the product licenses, it was down quarter 
over quarter. You mentioned the appliances doing well. Was there anything that didn't meet your expectations in the 
quarter, whether it was the FireWall-1 or the Endpoint? Just talk qualitatively about how the product licenses met your 
expectations. Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I think the unusual quarter was Q2, and I think if you look over the years, almost every year, it's not 
every year, Q3 was slightly down from Q2. I mean, we've checked it very carefully, and that's the pattern that we've 
seen almost every year. And I think this year maybe the exception was on the second quarter was very strong due to 
some utilizing overall execution of what we've done but also due to some large deals. This quarter by the way we also 
had a few large deals. One in particular around the Endpoint, but that large deal is actually only a small portion of what 
got recognized in this quarter and the most of that deal will be recognized over the next year or year and half. So that's 
the general explanation here. 

<Q - Rob Breza>: Thanks. Maybe Tal, just a quick follow-up on the taxes, it was a little bit higher than we had 
anticipated. Should we use the 19, or is 18 a good number for Q4? Thanks. 

<A - Tal Payne>: It can change slightly each quarter, but I think 19% is a good number. 

<Q - Rob Breza>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Israel Hernandez with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead with 
your question. 

<Q - Israel Hernandez>: Hi, everyone. With respect to buybacks, your stock has come down quite a bit along with 
practically everything else in the market, and you guys are sitting on 1.4 billion in cash. Are you guys thinking perhaps 


of maybe getting a little bit more aggressive given the current valuation of the stock? Because it would that, I 
appreciate having a strong balance sheet, but 1.4 billion seems a little bit on the ridiculous side, so if you could just 
comment on your cash position please? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: So the short answer is yes. The little bit longer answer for what you've asked is, and I think we never 
tried and I think we've been fairly consistent not trying to beat the market or to be opportunistic. So in the short term 
yes, we do intend to slightly increase the buyback amount this quarter. Let's also remember that we want to use the cash 
for other purposes and while I don't know with specifically something may or may not happen, it may not be a bad time 
to use this cash for other purposes. So we're not going to try to get rid from the cash too quickly at this point. 

<Q - Israel Hernandez>: Great thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your 
question. 

<Q - Philip Winslow>: Hi guys, good quarter. I just wanted to get into the hardware side a little bit more. Gil, last 
quarter you suggested that appliances were about a give or take about a third of revenue, or to sales. I'm wondering if 
that's still true, if we are actually seeing that trend higher and then over time what is the appropriate mix of appliances 
versus software in the firewall space? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: So, first I think that we said last quarter was about third of the license revenue, not of the overall 
revenues. And I think that trend continues to increase and it was a higher percentage this quarter. As we said appliances 
did well, so obviously it was higher. I don't know if we have a special prediction moving forward. I think it will go 
higher. I think that's because we just launched some product lines and they are growing very nicely. If I look in the 
foreseeable future, it should go higher. I don't know necessarily that I have any long term expectation out of it. I think 
the value which we provide in our software, the appliance is a great delivering mechanism. It enables us to do many 
good things. They get better control over the deal, meet the customer requirements in a much better way, participate in 
the upward cycle that happens in the marketplace and that's an important potential for a change in our business model. 
So I think there is a lot of good things about that. But also let's not forget that the main value which we deliver and the 
real reason that people buy Check Point is because the advancement of our software and because the benefits from our 
software architecture and this will hopefully will remain so for many years to come. 

<Q - Philip Winslow>: Great, thanks guys. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Rob Owens, Pacific Crest. Please go ahead with your 
question. 

<Q - Rob Owens>: Yes, good morning. Couple of questions. First of all with regard the guidance and looking 
specifically at North America. Should be expect it grow year over year in the fourth quarter or should we expect 
another flat to down result? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: Yes. It should grow in the fourth quarter year over year. Again as I said before, making prediction 
with weak economical environment, as you all know unrelated to Check Point is very difficult. If you look at what I'm 
expecting and what our sales force is expecting, they absolutely expect to have a good fourth quarter and to have a 
fourth quarter this year that is much better than fourth quarter last year. 

<Q - Rob Owens>: Great. And then second looking at the product revenue, can you give us any color around how 
much that revenue comes from new opportunities, what's coming from displacements? And what is coming from Check 
Point upgrades to appliance solutions? 


<A - Gil Shwed>: It comes from all over. I mean, I don't have any metrics to share at this point. But we are starting to 
be much more analytical about measuring these things. So this quarter we continued to add more accounts, well over 
1,000 new accounts, very consistent by the way with previous quarter. It's not usual, but every quarter, we add many 
new customers. In terms of industry, this came from all industries, [inaudible] we weren't up yet but, so I will, let's say 
that because you have raised that point, we've seen good sales for example to the financial sector this quarter, roughly 
financial, insurance, all the related industries are about 20% from our sales in this quarter. It was, it remains that and 
actually was slightly higher than the previous quarter in terms of percentage. So I don't necessarily displacement of 
competition, we win competitive bids very often and I think what we are now doing with our appliances we can also 
participate in the upward cycle of many of our customer and not just replace the competitive product. So that's the 
opportunity, again it won't materialize over one or two quarters. It's over two or three years. 

<Q - Rob Owens>: Great thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Walter Pritchard with Cowen and Company. Please go 
ahead with your question. 

<Q - Walter Pritchard>: Hi, thanks. Two questions, one, just Tal, a quick question around the cash and the 
impairment. Is there any cash on the balance sheet that's actually restricted and not available for use and then I just had 
one follow-up on products side. 

<A - Tal Payne>: The cash is, all of it is available for sale. Our practice is to hold it for maturity. There is a, some 
small amount relating to a auction rate, which is practically, we receive the interest rate every month. But no, majority 
of it is available any time we would like it. 

<Q - Walter Pritchard>: And then Gil or Jerry, maybe you could just help us out. You've mentioned a couple of times 
participation the FireWall upgrade cycle , and I guess we would like to, just like to get your perspective on where we 
are in an upgrade cycle there, and a refresh and so forth. Is that sort of a beginning of a cycle here, the end of a cycle or 
just any color on that would be helpful. 

<A - Jerry Ungerman>: Well, in my view it's a continuous cycle. You know people are making decisions every day in 
the 3 or 4 or 5 years out, and there is no one time when anything happens. So it's a continuous process that we're 
involved in all the time. We see a little bit more right now. As I said, a lot of people and I think Gil mentioned it, about 
the operational costs and consolidating and I think it's one of the attractive things we bring not only with our appliances 
but both with the breadth and depth of our products in both network and data, is that we are allowing people to 
consolidate and use our single management console and our single Endpoint agent. It's proving to be very, very 
attractive. But we're in a continuous upgrade cycle with all of our customers as well as getting the place, that you know, 
that's where we are winning a lot of the displacements is when customers are looking at displacing their current 
infrastructure for a variety of reasons. But that's a continuous ongoing basis, there is no start or end to that. 

<Q - Walter Pritchard>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Todd Raker with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with 
your question. 

<Q - Todd Raker>: Hey guys, I want to dig on the operating expense side, down 6 million sequentially. Tal, I know 
you mentioned a few factors here. Could you guys quantify the impact of the Israeli shekel in the quarter and talk about 
head count growth? And if we start and see a headwind on the revenue side in future quarters, how much flexibility do 
you have to manage to your operating margin and EPS from a head count and spend perspective? 


<A - Tal Payne>: I will start with the first part and then Gil will provide the end of, the answer to the end of the 
question. First, the effect of the strengthening of the dollar against the currencies did not have a very significant 
account effect when you look at the effect of back bolts operating income and the financial income. So I will say, 
probably around $1 million or so on the net income. The majority of the effect came actually from expense 
management and seasonality that we typically see in the marketing expenses. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: And remember, Q3 is seasonally a quarter that people spend less, even the fact that people take 
vacation in the summer actually reduces the accruals for vacation which has an impact of probably $200,000 on the 
expenses for the quarter. So I think, there are a lot of things that came from different areas, not just from one. The same 
goes for the head count. Our head count remained relatively stable, we didn't, we tried to slow down hiring, we try to 
keep things tight, but we're definitely not planning any cutback in the head count that we have. And actually right now 
it's the time that we start planning for 2001 and actually add to our sales, 2009 yes, and think where do we want to 
invest and where do we want to grow and where do we want keep things tight and more under control given the current 
economy. 

<Q - Todd Raker>: Okay, thanks guys. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Michael Turits with Raymond James. Please proceed with 
your question. 

<Q - Michael Turits>: Hey guys. Two questions. First, just an update on Pointsec because that is still a 20% plus 
grower or is that in the mid-teens? And then I got a follow-up. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I don't remember the results for the year, but I think so far it grew year over year and I don't have the 
exact data with to respond. It's also important to note that we are now consolidating all the Endpoint product lines, so 
we are not tracking anymore Pointsec alone, we are tracking the full Endpoint product for Check Point. And I think we 
mentioned. This quarter we had some nice breakthrough in the large deal in Japan. Most of it wasn't recognized in 
revenue but close of the deal was won. It's a multi-million dollar, multi-year deal that opens up an important avenue for 
us and we keep working with it. I mean we are just making, I mean the way we look at it, we are making our first steps 
into the endpoint security market right now. 

<Q - Michael Turits>: Okay and the next question is just that obviously you said you have got a healthy pipeline. Are 
you seeing any signs of your end markets tightening up? Are you seeing maintenance contracts shortening? Are you 
seeing anybody pushing out their hardware refresh cycles? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I think we have seen a mixed bag on that. First I mean in terms of general trend, the maintenance 
contracts are getting longer not shorter. We have seen many more customers that would like to have a three year and 
five year maintenance contracts now than we have seen before. As I said it's still a very small portion, still less than 
10% of our deferred revenues but it's still to a zero couple of years to go and now it's starting to be, it is starting to be 
tens of millions of dollars in the deferred revenue and we definitely see an increase there. Customers are tightening 
budgets, there is no doubt about that. As for some customers, they see an opportunity and they said if we have the 
budget and if we can justify an operational efficiency, let's do the upgrade now and let's not wait. For other customers 
obviously projects are getting prolonged and they are not happening quickly. But as I said I mean people are still in 
business, people are still buying, people still want to get the benefits of things and while I'll repeat the tenth time it is 
very, very hard to predict the future, I think that without the economical situation of the world , last quarter we could 
have had an even better result. And again it's not that I can point up to something that we need, but obviously that's the 
reality of our world. 

<Q - Michael Turits>: Thank guys. Thanks very much. 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Daniel Ives with Friedman, Billings, Ramsey. Please go ahead 
with your question. 

<Q - Daniel Ives>: Yeah just one question. In an environment like this, as you guys have been through cycles like this, 
what is it that you do differently with the sales force, channel partners, customers given the macro uncertainty? Can 
you just walk us through how your approach as a management team changes in terms of pipeline and customer 
feedback and discounting, things like that? Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I don't think it changes in a great way. I think we are always trying to be flexible and we are always 
trying to meet customer requirements. On the other hand we run a very open and transparent business model. Our 
prices is posted on the web, our channel discounts are fixed. We do give sometimes special consideration but these 
special consideration are very well structured and touch only a small part of our business. So if you look at the effective 
discount measurement that we measure internally compared to the discount that, on the price, not on the prices, on the 
contracts to partners, the difference is not big at all. And the big people and the customers and partners appreciate that. 
They appreciate the fact that with one hand, the flexibility on the other hand. It's not, the practices are transparent. And 
the customer knows that when they buy from Check Point, they get a fair deal, no matter what, and not just based on 
their negotiation skill that they, and so on. I don't see any big changes around that point. Jerry, if you can, if you have 
any words to add. 

<A - Jerry Ungerman>: No, I absolutely agree with you. It's just the story becomes more compelling in these times. 
We don't know what they can ultimately do, but the fact, I went through the whole thing about the broader product 
portfolio, the single management console, the single agent. This is all really compelling stuff in these times. It makes 
our stronger story relative. So we just, re-emphasize the key points of what we bring for both the benefit of the partner 
and the partner to the customer in dealing with their security needs. So that doesn't mean they can always spend 
whatever they want to spend but I think on a relative, competitive position it speaks very well to some of our strengths. 

<Q - Daniel Ives>: Oh, keep it up. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: Maybe let me translate what Jerry said or shed some light on it on a real example that I met with a 
major customer of ours. A year ago when we met we discussed consolidating IPS into the FireWall and the Check 
Point environment, the customer wasn't that interested, yet I had this group and this group and we're both operating and 
we are working with your solution, we're happy, we are working with another solution and we're happy too. So there 
was no pressing reason to do anything with that. Today when I met with this customer I said you see you can 
consolidate these two infrastructure and you can get a lot of operational savings and a lot of purchasing savings, by 
having one infrastructure with Check Point. The customers was very interested, they say okay. Now is a good time to 
hear about that and I'll encourage my team to hear not just about that example but on any opportunity that you have to 
help us streamline our operation. 

I think we remain in a very good position because if you look at the security industry, there is few hundred vendors and 
most enterprises deal with tens of vendors and I think Check Point from every customer that we heard is one of the one, 
two, or three key vendors that they work. And definitely in our space, on the matter of security space, we are the 
leading vendor for them. So in all these examples, which gives us the best better position than we've been before. 

<Q - Daniel Ives>: Thanks. And keep up the good work. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: Sure. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Brian Freed with Morgan Keegan. Please go ahead with your 
question. 


<Q - Brian Freed>: Thanks for taking my call. As you guys continue the internal product cycle of integrating your 
management console across your data security product, do you see any particular trends within your revenue forecast? 
Do you we think that's going to be pretty linear in terms of its progression across quarters and not cause any internal 
product cycles in terms of customer pause, etcetera? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: At this point I don't see any big changes and definitely in the fourth quarter we have not planned any 
big revolutions on the product. I think the biggest change, which we had, that can change the financial behavior in a 
significant way is the introduction of our appliance line. Remember the Power-1, the high-end line is only four, five 
months old now. So it's too early to see the full effect of it, even though we had very good results, so we are very 
positive about the future of that. We'll see next year definitely. 

<Q - Brian Freed>: Great. And also could you comment briefly on federal trends in the quarter? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: Federal? 

<A - Tal Payne>: I didn't hear the question, can you repeat it? 

<Q - Brian Freed>: Yeah, could you comment briefly on federal trends in the quarter? How was the U.S. federal end 
of fiscal year for you guys? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: From what I've seen in terms of sector, the whole government sector for Check Point remains a large 
sector and remains stable in the quarter. I don't have any particular data on the U.S. federal market. The few anecdotes 
that I have is that the federal government didn't have much budget in the fourth quarter and actually didn't spend much, 
but that's on anecdotal basis. If I look at the total picture, the government sector of purchasing from Check Point 
remains stable in the quarter. 

<Q - Brian Freed>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question in coming from the line of Katherine Egbert with Jefferies & Company. Please proceed 
with your questions. 

<Q - Katherine Egbert>: Hi, just a couple of quick questions. First of all, can you just say, given the backdrop, you 
guys are giving good quarter and really nice guidance, what conservatism have you built into the model from a 
financial standpoint to accommodate the environment? And then, second, Gil, couple of times you've alluded to M&A, 
can you just flesh out, are there any deals coming? Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: So in today's environment it's really hard to see how much conservatism we built. Yes, we've been 
careful on the forecast for the fourth quarter and we've expanded the range a little bit. But on the other hand as we 
know in this kind of an economy, things can go in much bigger ways than we anticipate. So, yes, we try to build a 
conservative approach but we also try to with a very realistic approach that's based on the real pipeline and the real 
forecast which our people have. Our people are very positive and their general forecasts are good forecasts. But we 
haven't had yet, I hope it will never, have big changes in that forecast. And the second part was? 

<Q - Katherine Egbert>: M&A. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: M&A, I think we see opportunities, but M&A is a long term thing and we usually do M&A for long 
term strategic reason not for a opportunistic ways, at least that's our approach in Check Point and in an environment 
like that two things happen. On one hand there are deals that become more attractive because of the valuations in the 
marketplace. On the other hand, everyone becomes a little bit more conservative about the future. So things that looked 
very attractive before, you might be a little bit more careful of that. So, with that I say that we are looking into several 
acquisitions. We do analyze that on a constant basis and things may happen in the next few quarters, and may not 
happen. That's nothing that I can unfortunately share at this point. 


<Q - Katherine Egbert>: Okay, thanks. Nice job. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our final question today is coming from the line of Sarah Friar of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with 
your question. 

<Q - Sarah Friar>: Thanks for squeezing me in guys. To Katherine's point, as you look at, if I can come back to the 
Americas, is kind of the first question you got on the call. It was down on a year over year basis, but I understand that is 
on a tough comp. Do you expect that the U.S. begins to show year over year growth again as you look into Q4? And 
then how do you think about Americas maybe being a precursor to Europe starting to slow? Because that's certainly 
what we've seen with other companies. For example SAP is reporting today as well and that's kind of very, this similar 
trend they saw, Americas slow at first and then Europe kind of quickly has followed. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: So, first I do expect Americas to have a good Q4 and to have, a to have a Q4 up year over year in a 
significant way. So that's the plan, that's the expectation, and that's what we'd like to see. And again we are having this 
week here our management meeting and our American leaders are all confident about that. I think the differences that 
we see in Europe and in Americas are happening all the time throughout the year. The Americas is almost always more, 
has sharper moves and Europe is usually much more stable. Long term they both behave in similar way. But when you 
look quarter over quarter Europe is almost always more stable and U.S. always usually has bigger swings every quarter. 

The other difference is that Europe is not one unit and that's what, that's part of what enabled the European sales to be 
more stable. But Europe is actually composed of many different countries. The behavior of each country is different 
and by the way the investments are different. So sometimes if one region is not, is slowing down and other region 
accelerates and that's what we're managing. And our management team in Europe is doing very good job in predicting 
some of that and investing in the right places. And they keep doing that. So, I mean, I don't, again as I said in this 
economic environment you can never be sure about what will the future have. If I look at our internal forecasts, U.S. 
should be up in Q4 and I hope that Europe remains well. As I said the European sales team that we have has a good 
forecast and through my managerial experience, they are relatively, they are usually very confident and meet their 
numbers. They know what they are predicting. 

<Q - Sarah Friar>: Understood. Thank you. 

<A>: [inaudible] 

<Q - Sarah Friar>: Great. 

Operator 

Thank you. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments. 

Kip E. Meintzer, Director, Investor Relations 

Once again we'd like to thank all of you for your participation today. If you'd like to speak with management or 
investor relations following the call please contact investor relations at +1-650-628-2050 and we'll be happy to take 
your calls. Thanks again, have a great day. Bye-bye. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 


special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2008, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


