Q3 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Kip E. Meintzer 
• Tal Payne 
• Gil Shwed 
Other Participants 

• Daniel Harlan Ives 
• Shaul Eyal 
• Brad A. Zelnick 
• Sterling Auty 
• Jonathan B. Ruykhaver 
• Walter H. Pritchard 
• Michael Turits 
• Jonathan Ho 
• Philip C. Rueppel 
• Keith Weiss 
• Brent Thill 
• Alan Weinfeld 
• Gregg Steven Moskowitz 
• Philip A. Winslow 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Greetings, and welcome to the Check Point Software Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all 
participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. 
[Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. 

It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Kip Meintzer, Head of Global Investor Relations for Check Point 
Software Technologies. Thank you, sir, you may begin. 

Kip E. Meintzer 

Thank you. I'd like to thank all of you for joining us on this beautiful fall day to discuss Check Point's record financial 
results for the third quarter of 2011. Joining me on the call today are Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and CEO, along 
with our Chief Financial Officer, Tal Payne. 

As a reminder, this call is being webcast live on our website and is being recorded for replay. To access the live 
webcast and replay information, please visit the company's website at checkpoint.com. For your convenience, the 
conference call replay will be available through October 25th. If you'd like to reach us after the call, please contact 
Investor Relations by e-mailing kip@checkpoint.com or by phone at +1-650-628-2040. 

Before we begin with management's presentation, I'd like to highlight the following items. 


During the course of this call, Check Point representatives will make certain forward-looking statements. These 
forward-looking statements may include our expectations regarding demand for our security products, our expectations 
regarding the introduction of new products and programs and the success of those products and programs; and our 
expectations regarding our business and financial outlook for the fourth quarter of 2011. 

Other statements which may be made in response to questions, which refer to our beliefs, plans, expectations, or 
intentions, are also forward-looking statements for the purposes of the Safe Harbor provided by the Private Securities 
Litigation Reform Act. Because these statements pertain to future events, they are subject to various risks and 
uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from Check Point's current expectations and beliefs. Factors that 
could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, the risks discussed in Check Point's latest 
Annual Report on Form 20-F. As a reminder, Check Point assumes no obligation to update its forward-looking 
statements. 

In our press release, which has been posted on our website, we present GAAP and non-GAAP results along with 
reconciliation tables which highlight this data as well as the reasons for our presentation of non-GAAP information. 

Now it's my pleasure to turn this call over to Check Point's Chief Financial Officer, Tal Payne for a review of the 
financial results. 

Tal Payne 

Thank you, Kip, and hello, everyone. I would like to thank you all for joining us today for a review an excellent third 
quarter. This quarter recorded record Q3 results across our key metrics. Our results exceeded the high end of our 
projections as we continue to demonstrate solid growth across all regions. Our revenues for the quarter increased by 
13% over the same period in 2010, while our non-GAAP EPS was $0.72, representing 14% growth year-over-year. 

Before I proceed further into the numbers, let me remind you that our third quarter GAAP financial results include 
non-cash equity-based compensation charges, amortization of acquired intangible assets and the related tax effects. 
Keep in mind that non-GAAP information is presented excluding these items. 

Now let's take a look at the financial highlights for the quarter. In the third quarter, our revenues exceeded the high end 
of our projections. Revenue reached $308.3 million, representing an increase of 13% compared to $273.2 million in the 
third quarter of 2010. This growth was driven by increased sales of enterprise gateways and continued growth in our 
annuity software blades. 

Product and license revenues were $120.7 million, representing a 13% increase over the same period last year. The 
growth in product sales is consistent with the growth of our deal site and was driven by high end appliances like 
Power-1 Series and our integrated appliances. 

Our software update, maintenance and subscription revenues reached an all-time high of $187.6 million this quarter, a 
12% increase year-over-year. Subscription revenues were also aided by our annuity software blades that are becoming 
a significant part of both revenues and deferred revenues. 

Deferred revenues as of September 30, 2011, were $454.5 million, an increase of $58.2 million or 15% over September 
30, 2010, higher than seasonably expected. The increase in deferred revenues is attributed to strong booking from 
software updates and maintenance in our annuity software blades. 

As we mentioned in the past since we launched the software blade architecture our product offering includes many 
annuity blades bundled with the majority of our network security gateways. These annuity blades includes URL 
filtering, antivirus, anti-spam, IPS, and the recently added Application Control. 

In terms of revenue allocation, we extract from our product revenues the value attributed to those blades, defer it as part 
of our deferred revenues, and recognize it over the length of the subscription. Naturally the more annuity blades we 
bundle into our products, we will see product revenue shift into subscription revenues. Given the nice renewal rates we 


have seen so far this is a positive evolution of our business model and more revenue is becoming recurring. 

Revenue distribution by geography for the quarter was as follows: Americas contributed 45% of revenues, Europe was 
38%; and Asia-Pacific and Japan, Middle East and Africa regions contributed the remaining 17%. 

From a deal size and quantity perspective, this quarter we continue to see an increase in the number of larger deals. 
Transactions greater than $50,000 accounted for 63% of the total order value, compared to 57% in the same period a 
year ago. We had 35 customers that each had transactions with a value greater than $1 million, compared to 17 in the 
same period last year. 

From an operating perspective, we posted great results. Our non-GAAP operating income was $180.7 million in the 
third quarter of 2011, an increase of 15% compared to the same period in 2010. Non-GAAP operating margin for the 
quarter was 59%, an increase of two points compared to the same period last year. This was achieved as a result of 
increased revenues and reduction in expenses due to regular seasonality related to marketing expenses and vacation 
utilization. Please don't expect this to be future ongoing operating margin. 

GAAP net income for the third quarter of 2011 was $134.1 million or $0.63 per diluted share, up from $114.5 million 
or $0.54 per diluted share in the same period a year ago, representing year-over-year increase of 17%. 

Non-GAAP net income for the quarter was $152.9 million or $0.72 per diluted share, up from $132.6 million or $0.63 
per diluted share in the same period a year ago. Non-GAAP earnings per share exceeded the high end of our projection, 
representing 14% growth year-over-year. 

Our cash balance reached $2.776 billion at the end of the quarter. This quarter we generated $155 million from 
operating cash flow. Collection continued to be very strong with our DSO at 58 days, similar to the end of the previous 
quarter. 

We hedge our balance sheet against major currency fluctuations. During the quarter the dollar strengthened against 
most currencies in the world, resulting in a negative impact of approximately $20 million on the cash flow, with no 
effect on our P&L as expected. Excluding this effect, the operating cash flow increased by 21%. 

During the quarter, we purchased approximately 1.37 million shares for a total cost of $75 million, as planned. 

And now let's turn the call over to Gil for his thoughts on the third quarter. 

Gil Shwed 

Thank you, Tal, and thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call today. I'm very glad to finish another quarter with 
record financial results. 

In this quarter we saw healthy growth in all the geographies with Asia showing high growth, the U.S. continuing to 
show strength, and Europe continued to perform nicely, despite the challenges presented by the economy. 

I've already talked about our software blades business in the past quarter. It's continued to show very high growth rates 
this quarter as well. Most of this business is an annuity business, some of which is bundled with our new system and 
some of which is sold à la carte, new or renewed from the past year. All of these areas saw very healthy growth this 
quarter and the overall growth rate kept increasing. 

But beyond repeating the financial metrics, that continued to be good as Tal shared with you, I'd like to discuss with 
you our major focus for these past months, upgrading the vast majority of our product line. 

We started in August by expanding the high end of our systems. We introduced two high end systems, the 21400 
Appliance for datacenters and transaction intensive environments, and the 61000 System, the world's fastest firewall. 
61000 is a major breakthrough. It is an extendable platform with multiple hardware blades, it has future capacity of 
over 1 Terabit per second of bandwidth and delivers almost 15000 SecurityPower units and 200 gigabits of throughput 
today, approximately 10 times faster than our fastest systems today. The 61000 is designed for the most demanding 


datacenter and telco environment like the core of mobile networks. 

In the beginning of October, we continued our appliance push by introducing six appliance models that update our 
entire enterprise product set. As a reminder, up until now we had three major enterprise appliance lines, UTM-1 for mid 
range, Power-1 for the high end, and the IP Series. The new generation of appliances updates these three product lines 
with a single, unified product set that leverages all the hardware and software benefits we have shipped over the years, 
and adds more, more networking expansion options, more high availability and redundancy option, and easy setup 
time. Most important, it delivers approximately three times more performance than the existing product line on all key 
metrics, more SecurityPower units, more bandwidth, more concurrent connection and more connections per second. 

Delivering the performance for the same budget is of course important by itself, but it has an additional key element. It 
enables customer to truly consolidate their security infrastructure. Customers can now activate more software blades 
when their security gateways were running at full speed which is a key element in achieving a higher level of protection 
in the face of today's security challenges; more sophisticated malware, expanding network, more regulation, additional 
bandwidth, and new threats like bots and Advanced Persistent Threats. 

But appliances are only the platform on which we deliver security. So along with the appliances, we also released in 
August some new security functions, new URL filtering that enables blocking of phishing and malware website, 
inspection of encrypted SSL traffic, and more data leak prevention capabilities. 

With the October launch we've also introduced an advanced technology to tackle some of today's most challenging 
security threat called bots. Bots are small pieces of software that invade our computers and are activated remotely. Bots 
evade many of today's endpoint security measures and are very hard to detect. Bots are also the key in today's most 
sophisticated attacks, sometimes called Advanced Persistent Threats. 

Our new Anti-Bot Software Blade is a result of several years of research and development, and I am proud to say that 
for the first time, customers can easily and economically stop bots that invade their network. The new blade is expected 
to be available in the beginning of 2012, but is already generating a lot of interest. 

It is also very effective. In the past months we have installed it in many customer sites and we were able to detect and 
block bots at 100% of installation, from mid-sized companies to large conglomerates and government agencies. So as 
you can see, we are working hard to drive security forward and execute on our vision of 3D Security. 

We hope that the fourth quarter will continue the healthy trends we've seen so far this year. With the new product line 
we believe that we are very well equipped for a healthy finish to the year. On the same token, the world economy is not 
exactly predictable and the major product shifts, like the one we just introduced, also poses some risk. I hope to see 
more of the rewards associated with three times more performance than anything else. 

This brings me to the financial outlook. We're increasing our projections. We expect revenues for the fourth quarter to 
be in the range of $348 million to $360 million, and non-GAAP earning per share to be in the range of $0.79 to $0.82. 
GAAP based EPS is expected to be approximately $0.08 less. 

For the full year that translates into revenues in the range of $1.238 billion to $1.250 billion. Non-GAAP earning per 
share is expected to be in the range of $2.83 to $2.86. GAAP based EPS is expected to be approximately $0.32 less. 

Once again I'd like to thank you for being on the call with us. We are excited as we enter into final quarter of the year. 
With that, I'd like to open the call for your questions. Thank you. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Daniel Ives of FBR Capital Markets. Caller, please proceed with 
your question. 


<Q - Daniel Harlan Ives>: Thanks, good quarter again. My question is just geographically speaking just talk about 
any trends you saw, particularly in Europe or maybe in vertically speaking within financials during the quarter? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I think as I mentioned that the high level – the U.S. economy continued to show strength, actually 
for several quarters now. Asia and Europe is not exactly one economy or one market, so in overall both markets 
performed very well, but were different countries and each country was a little bit different. Overall I think this quarter 
we saw more countries growing at higher rates than any quarter before, both in the Europe and in Asia. And in Europe 
we've seen some signs of economical challenges in some countries. On the same token, there have been many other 
countries that have grown very, very well. So it's not as I said, it's not one treatment for the entire continent. 

<Q - Daniel Harlan Ives>: Okay. And then just lastly, in regards to the new appliances, I mean, should we expect deal 
sizes incrementally to continue to increase going in 2012 in terms of seven figure deals, especially with more high-end 
appliances potentially being sold? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: Right now I won't say I'd count on that. I think we will be smarter about that a few months from 
now. Because we are doing a major product change and all products are being basically, I mean, there is new models. 
And I don't know how to expect what would be the customer behavior on that. 

Currently, we've worked very well to give customers like three times more performance for an equivalent budget as the 
previous appliances. That will drive customers to buy more products, higher-end products or not, it's too early to say. 
And there is a lot of small items like what the accessories are available for each appliance and how much they'll 
constitute and contribute to deal size. So, I think we've done the best what we can to make things go smoothly and 
work out well in the future, but I think I'll know the exact customer behavior only in few months from now. 

<Q - Daniel Harlan Ives>: Okay, thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question is from Shaul Eyal of Oppenheimer & Co. Caller, please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Shaul Eyal>: Thank you. Hi, good afternoon, guys. Good quarter. Gil, two quick questions in my mind, I want to 
go back also on the heels of Daniel's question. When you look at the 61000 and 21400, is some of it's already baked 
into the fourth quarter guidance? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: Yes, I mean it's – these two are binary, these two models I think have a very high potential moving 
forward. On the same time they will have little impact on the short term because long term I think we have many, many 
large customers that really wants this kind of solution and they have large projects with them. On the same time, these 
solutions are solutions that take very long sales cycle. It's at least six months for a sales cycle, that's why we introduced 
them earlier. We've already had some sales, but still their contribution, which I think – which some of it was estimated 
is not going to be very large for the fourth quarter. 

<Q - Shaul Eyal>: Got it. And one more on that front. Do you think that in a way takes you into a new set of 
competitors or basically kind of the usual suspects? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I think it is the usual suspects in terms of competitors; I think its new sizes of projects. Again, there 
are some projects with existing customers that having higher-end model is what they want. They have been buying that 
before, some from us, some not from us, and it makes us more competitive. There are new kinds of projects, especially 
in core of mobile networks and other kind of [ph] cell co-application (19:25) maybe in some very, very high-end 
financial transactions, that customers even before didn't use enough security or we were just not involved in very 
high-end projects, and that opens up a lot of nice projects for us at new market segments. And I think it's can be 
important and significant both in terms of revenues and also strategically. But that will take time and we'll see how 
much it can contribute over the years. These are projects with – again, are multi-year projects and not something that 
happens in one or two quarters. 

<Q - Shaul Eyal>: Thank you very much. Good luck. Good quarter. 


Operator 

Our next question is Brad Zelnick with Macquarie. Caller, please state your question. 

<Q - Brad A. Zelnick>: Thank you nice quarter guys. Gil, just to turn back to your guidance and comments that you've 
made about macro-assumptions – even in your prepared remarks you clearly indicated awareness of what's going in the 
world, but it's doesn't sound like Check Point is really seeing it in any meaningful way. So to be clear, does you 
guidance bake in any sort of conservativism for any further deterioration from what you've seen in this quarter, or do 
you expect the environment to sustain itself into Q4? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: No, I think you're correct. I mean, so far we haven't seen the macroeconomic condition hurting our 
business and I think the security business behaved quite well for us. And in our forecast for fourth quarter I think we're 
taking a realistic view, but we are expecting any big effects of the – of bad signs of the economy. We're expecting 
business as usual. 

<Q - Brad A. Zelnick>: Thanks. Gil, can you just give us an update on Endpoint? You didn't mention it at all in your 
remarks today? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: Q3 was integrated quarter for the Endpoint business, even though in Q2 we actually had some nice 
deals in that. And we are working on new things – I mean, there are some exciting things on the Endpoint front, but 
nothing major that happened. I mean, we actually won few Magic Quadrants and a few awards and with our Endpoint 
test solution, but in terms of business contribution there wasn't any important positive change in that. 

<Q - Brad A. Zelnick>: Thanks. And if I can just sneak in one last one for Tal. Tal in your comments you said 59% 
operating margins, not to expect it going forward. Should I take your comment to mean that it can be dilutive by M&A 
or it is – I mean at this point does it make sense that you should be reinvesting more in the business and what are your 
hiring plans look like going forward? Thank you. 

<A - Tal Payne>: Sure. And it's the same comment that we provide every quarter, which basically says we are 
focusing on increasing our revenues and less the management of 1% to the up or down in our margins and we say the 
same here. Q3 is typically higher because it's a utilization of vacation and lower marketing expenses. So do not use the 
59% as the guideline for the long run, that's all I meant. 

<Q - Brad A. Zelnick>: Thanks again. Nice Job. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: And by the way, maybe to add to what Tal says, we are trying to hire as many people as we can. In 
Q3 we actually hired – we had the big jump in number of the new hires. I don't think it's going to be significant effect 
to on Q4 as well, but still we didn't see the effect. When we have new hires, you hardly see the effects in the quarter by 
way of big hires. You see some of it the following few quarters. It's not again, it's a big number of people but so far in 
terms of expenses it's not going to be significant. But yes, we are trying to hire more people. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Sterling Auty of JPMorgan. Caller, please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: Yeah, hi, guys. Can you talk about the linearity in this quarter and if that had any impact on the 
sales and marketing expenses coming in, besides just the seasonal impact you mentioned? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: The linearity was a usual for a quarter, which means it was back-end loaded for the third quarter. 
Not seeing any effect in terms of effect on the expenses. We actually had – I mean, actually for Q3 we had a nice 
number of marketing activities, but still – I mean, just if you look at our seasonality, we have a lot of – we have our two 
major customer and partner conferences in Europe and the U.S. in Q2. In Q3 we had two smaller conferences in Asia 
where we actually had – actually I participated in three – one in the Bangkok for the Asian market, a smaller one in 


Australia, for Australia, and one in Moscow, a smaller one in Moscow for the Russian Federation. So we've actually 
had a nice number of activities for third quarter, but still in the third quarter were less conferences, less marketing 
activities and things like that. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: And then my last question is; can you give us a sense of what's the installed base that runs on 
Crossbeam looks like? Because it would seem to me the new high-end solution would be a perfect opportunity to go 
back in for a refresh cycle on a lot of those early high-end Crossbeam solutions that you marketed in partnership. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: So first, Crossbeam is a very important partner of ours, and while there may be some overlap with 
the new 61000 System and from Crossbeam I think the position is a little bit different between these two systems. Our 
main aim is not to – is not to upgrade – I mean, if our existing customers want to upgrade, that's okay, but our main aim 
to expand the market with more high-end customers that we couldn't win before. And by the way, we still win a lot of 
customers with Crossbeam. We actually sell some of the Crossbeam systems. We service them. And we have a lot of 
happy customers that are buying Crossbeam and bought Crossbeam this past quarter. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: All right. thank you. 

Operator 

Okay. Our next question is from Jonathan Ruykhaver of Morgan Keegan. Caller, please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Jonathan B. Ruykhaver>: Yes. Looking at gateway shift in the quarter, can you provide some color around the 
mix between conversion activity within the installed base and gateways from new customers? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: It's all right if I have the data, but we sold this quarter significantly more gateways than before and 
that was good. And also ASP of gateways kept going up, not significantly up, but it kept going, it kept being higher. So 
that's – so both of these are actually very good signs. 

<Q - Jonathan B. Ruykhaver>: I'm trying to get a sense for within license revenue, the mix between new and existing 
customers? Can you give us a flavor for that? 

<A - Tal Payne>: Sure, the majority always been and probably always will be the majority since we have such a huge 
installed base. The majority is for existing customers. Bear in mind that many of the existing customers buy new 
products, be it different appliance or new license for a new software blade which they purchase à la carte. So I think it's 
more new products to existing customer or new appliances to existing customers versus new customers all in all. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: But we add every quarter, we add more than 1,000 new accounts which is not an insignificant 
number. It's actually in some cases it's bigger than the installed base of some competitors that we have. So the run rate I 
think overall is a – it depends on the quarter is more than 1,000 new customers every quarter on top of 10 more 
thousand existing customers that we add every quarter. 

<Q - Jonathan B. Ruykhaver>: Okay, okay good. And then just quickly does an increasing mix of hardware revenue 
have a potential negative impact on gross margins as we look into fiscal '12, or do the software blades and annuity sales 
offset that issue? 

<A - Tal Payne>: I think you can see that for the last year it stabilizes the portion of the appliances out of the products 
for between 75% to 80% and it didn't affect our gross margin, in some cases it even improved it. And the operating 
margin, as you can see, improved. So, I don't expect to see a major shift either way. 

<Q - Jonathan B. Ruykhaver>: Okay, good. Thank you. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: Operator? 

Operator 


Yes. Our next call is Walter Pritchard of Citigroup. Caller, please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Walter H. Pritchard>: Hi, thanks. Gil, I'm wondering, we hear from some of your partners that you may actually 
under-pricing the blade, given what the value that those products provide. And I'm wondering, you have a new 
appliance launch here and I'm wondering how you may be thinking about pricing and packaging around those add-ins? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: First it's always good to hear from customer that the price is too low rather than too high. But I think 

– and in some cases – I mean, first our main aim is to get to as many customers as possible, and that's the main 
philosophy in our pricing. So if you take certain solutions like DLP that has been priced traditionally by competitors at 
very high prices and gone to a very small set of customers. So our aim to get to a lot of customer. 
Some DLP – if some DLP competitors over the year have accumulated hundreds of customers, our aim is to get to 
thousands and tens of thousands of customers, and so far I think we are on the right path. I mean, last quarter we sold 
several hundred copies of DLP. Yes, the price wasn't very high, but the main aim is to build a large installed base for 
us. 

Also the way we price some of this is different when they – than other legacy vendors in the marketplace. Our – the 
majority of our pricing model is based on gateways, module per gateway or software blades per gateway, and is less 
dependent on the size of overall enterprise. 

So, for example, to start with DLP with us, it can be very, very low, single thousands of dollars because you install it on 
one gateway. Our expectation is that if the customers like the product and like this performance and so on, they'll 
actually grow the installation and install it on dozens, on sometimes even hundreds of gateways and then our revenues 
will grow. So the pricing model is also not the same, but overall I'm very proud to be in a position when partners and 
customers are thinking that we give very good value and low cost with certain functionalities. 

<Q - Walter H. Pritchard>: Got it. Thanks Gil. And then just Tal on gross margins, you are launching a new 
appliance here, probably the Nokia products diminished over time and my understanding is those have lower gross 
margin. I'm wondering how we should think about product gross margin as we move into this new appliance 
generation? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I think it will remain quite the same. I mean it's not, on one hand yes everything you said it's right 
about. On the other hand, we've tried to put a lot of the best hardware components, the best design into the new 
hardware rather than focus on – I mean we could have generated less performance and do it in less cost, but we've 
decided that we want to be positioned for the best for the future and do the best for our customers and given our 
margins I think is the right choice. So I think we are working on the business model that's going to – it's hopefully 
going to be roughly stable in terms of the gross margin. 

<Q - Walter H. Pritchard>: Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question is from Michael Turits of Raymond James. Caller, please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Michael Turits>: Hey, guys. Couple of questions. First, sort of housekeeping, appliances, Tal, as a percentage of 
total product I think was around 80% last quarter? 

<A - Tal Payne>: Yes. 

<Q - Michael Turits>: So 80% is good, okay. And then obviously very strong bookings growth relative to what we 
saw on the income statement, which is also solid. But with a stronger bookings growth, it sounds like subscriptions and 
blades are driving a lot of that. Can you give us some sense for how much blades or subscription is starting to account 
for as a percentage of bookings and how much that's increased? 

<A - Tal Payne>: I would say it's above 10%. 


<Q - Michael Turits>: That's above 10% now, so? 

<A - Tal Payne>: Above 10%. 

<Q - Michael Turits>: Above 10%, okay. And then lastly on the new product line, so you've introduced it. So the idea 
is to have a unified product line. What's the time line for phasing out the old products? Will those just keep going or 
when do we see one replacing the other? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: Currently we keep selling and supporting the previous products, so customers can expect long 
continuity. Our message to customers is that if you are buying a product now, buy the new appliance. It provides much 
better value. It's better equipped for the future. So we are encouraging customers to buy all the new products now and 
they are all shipping and available, I mean it's all that. 

In terms of the transition itself, I think we are only about 10 days after the announcement, so it's too early to say but we 
see a large number of customers that are actually getting the message and already buying the new appliances. 

<Q - Michael Turits>: And then just wanted to follow up on the subscription bookings, the blade bookings as a 
percentage of total is over 10% now. Can you give me some sense for how that's increased? That up from what, a year 
ago, just something to give me a sense? 

<A - Tal Payne>: Yeah, as I said, the growth is more than 50%. It's a very strong growth in our software blade. Bear in 
mind that as time go by, we add more and more blades into those specifically the annuity blades. So if we started with 
antivirus, anti-spam, URL filtering and then we added the IPS. In the beginning of the year we added the application 
control, which became very material. 

And that's why I went through the accounting of that so you will understand that while we enjoy a great growth that 
you can see very clearly in the deferred revenues, if you remember, historically Q3 goes down in about 3%, 4%, 5% 
comparing to Q2 when it comes to deferred revenue. So the deferred revenue came up more than probably between $10 
million to $15 million more than expected. So there is a huge effect of that which is a great phenomena because it gives 
us much more recurring revenues which is very important for us. 

On the other hand, the revenue recognition is slower. It takes out the portion of the products and shifts it into the 
deferred revenues and then recognize over the four quarters. So those are the two effects that you need to take into 
account. 

<Q - Michael Turits>: Great. Thanks a lot, guys. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Jonathan Ho of William Blair. Caller, please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Jonathan Ho>: Great quarter, guys. Just in terms of the competitive environment, can you talk a little bit about 
what you're seeing there and whether there has been any shift in terms of who you're taking share from or whether 
you're seeing any impact from some smaller players that are out there? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: It remains fairly consistent. We are seeing – I think first we have very good competitors both the old 
traditional ones and some of the new – the newer competitors. On the same token I think large competitors like Cisco 
are not showing any changes -- signs of changes and we're taking a lot of share from them. And I think we are now 
with the new technologies like Application Control and Anti-Bot and the new appliances, it makes us extremely 
competitive even against competitors that have traditionally competed in price and performance and competitors that 
have been trying to compete on new functionalities. 

So I think right now we are fairly strong in terms of the competitive offering that we have. And again we have a lot of – 
we have lot of differentiation. I don't think that we are a like the others on any single aspect. I think we have much 
higher level of security, much better integration, much better management than any vendor in the marketplace. 


<Q - Jonathan Ho>: Got it. And in terms of the app control blade that you mentioned, can you talk about may be the 
impact to the refresh in the base? Are you seeing that maybe accelerate because of app control or you talk about it 
pretty positively, but can you just give us a sense of how that's being received in the marketplace? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I mean, first it has a very nice contribution today to our sales, partly because it's bundled with all the 
new appliances and partly because customers are buying it à la carte and they can buy it à la carte also for older 
systems. It's not limited to the new systems. I don't know to estimate whether customers are upgrading just because of 
that or just because of something else. We have today when I open our new product catalog given without the new 
Anti-Bot Blade we have like 12 security gateway software blades, and I think each one of them have their own 
contribution, right? We've seen the mobile access blade, which by the way we are now bundling small addition of that 
with every new appliance, has had a huge surge in sales in the last quarter. So I mean each one of the security 
capabilities that we have is I think something that customers want and it's widely needed. 

<Q - Jonathan Ho>: Excellent. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is from Philip Rueppel of Wells Fargo Securities. Caller, please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Philip C. Rueppel>: Great. Thank you very much. A couple more questions around the annuity blades. Gil, you 
mentioned you are bundling a number of those. Do you have data on renewal rates from sales in years past where you 
can start to see any trend in sort of where renewal rates and where renewal rates are going? And second, could you just 
comment on – you talked about some of the highest growth areas but I assume the largest is till IPS and IDS, is that still 
up thriving business in the annuity blades? Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: So the answer is, yes, we have some data on that. The data is actually pretty impressive. The annuity 
rates are approaching about 50% from the bundled systems and are higher than that on à la carte systems. So, once the 
customers has already purchased it or renewed it, it stays even higher than that. And to approach a range of 40% to 
50% on blade that our bundled, it's very high rate. It's much higher than I anticipated. Keep in mind that the history is 
limited. It's now like two or three quarters I think that we have good history of that, but it's – but it's a good track good 
record so far and it's fairly consistent. It's not – it doesn't look like a one-time event. Tal, I don't know if you want to 
add that? 

<A - Tal Payne>: Yes. No, I think it's – that's the right data. I will just take your second part, which ones are the 
leading blades. I mean, when you look at our annuities continues to IPS, Application Control, URL filtering grew very 
nicely this quarter since we launched the new URL filtering. So pretty much all of them doing nicely. And on the 
blades that are not annuity, as Gil mentioned, the mobile which were very strong this quarter, again, we are not talking 
about a high millions of dollars, but still it's becoming a nice. It's the mobile for the first quarter this time is more than a 
few hundred. It reached the thousands, so that was very impressive. And the DLP was nice this quarter are as well. So I 
think most of our new blades are doing quite well. Some of them more significant in terms of dollar value and some of 
them less. 

<Q - Philip C. Rueppel>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question is from Keith Weiss of Morgan Stanley. Caller, please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Keith Weiss>: Excellent, thank you for taking my question. Tal, I was wondering if you could dig into the 
comments that you've been making around, how bundling more annuity product into the gateways makes you carve out 
a bigger portion of that revenue and putting on to the balance sheet. Is there any way you could gives a equivalent, is it 
like what percentage of the average appliance sale goes on to the balance sheet this year versus this time last year or 
two years ago to give us kind of sense of what kind of headwinds that presents to the product revenues? 


<A - Tal Payne>: Not too much, but I will tell you what I can share with you. Definitely the amount has increased 
because when you think if an appliance – when we launched a new blade and we included inside the bundled 
appliances, accounting, we have to extract value which is based on fair value of that blade, put it in the deferred 
revenues and then recognize it over a period of time. So naturally the more bundles that you have, the more you need to 
take out of that product. So if the product used to cost $10,000 and now it costs $11,000 and about 15%, 20% will be 
allocated to annuity blade, as we add more and more blades, then a naked product can be the same dollars or even 
slightly less, while the total increased nicely and the total ASP increased. And it gives us also the opportunity to meet 
that customer again in the next year and see the renewal rates that you related to, which are close to 50% now which is 
very impressive because it's a recurring customer. 

So what you see is a reduction in the product booking, which goes into the deferred revenues, are recognized over four 
quarters instead of one quarter that you used to see if it's a product. So there is two effects, the total dollar value 
increased, which is the most important item, the significant part of the product becomes recurring, which is very 
important as well, and in the short term you can see less products and more deferred that's recognized over four 
quarters. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: And I would just say, I mean, I don't have the numbers as for a year ago or two years, but three 
years ago that amount was close to zero. I think that amount last year or two years ago started to be single percentage in 
average and today I think it's two digits of every new appliance that's going into the bundle. 

<Q - Keith Weiss>: Got it. And I believe last quarter you talked about an annuity revenue run rate of around $150 
million. Would you be able to give us an update of that? 

<A - Tal Payne>: On the $150 million run rate at the end of the year? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I think we'll reach that. 

<A - Tal Payne>: Yeah, I think we'll reach that. I think we are close to reaching it already, yeah. 

<Q - Keith Weiss>: Okay, excellent. Thank you, guys. 

Operator 

The next question is from Brent Thill of UBS. Caller, please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Brent Thill>: Thanks, Gil. What percent of the base now is on R75? And for Tal, VMware's CFO last night 
indicated later in the quarter they saw a higher level of scrutiny of deal signoffs from CEOs and CFOs. And I'm just 
curious, obviously your results don't suggest that things are slowing, but curious in terms of the scrutiny level that some 
of the purchases were put under over the last month or two, has there been any change relative to what you saw 
historically? 

<A - Tal Payne>: I personally didn't hear or see any change. It might occurred behind the scenes and we are just not 
aware of it, but I didn't see that. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: And what was the first part of the question? 

<A - Tal Payne>: And the first part to the transition to R75. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: The transition is actually going quite well. I think about half the installed base is already there 
roughly... 

<A - Tal Payne>: Potentially, yeah. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: And I think it's starting to be pretty stable. I mean, all the new systems are shipping with the new 
software. Existing customers are upgrading. So, I think we're now – we are a starting to reach a stable environment on 
that, which is quite fast actually to talk about – six, seven months of shipping that product for a high-end enterprise, I 


think reaching that kind of an installed base in such a short period is a very good phenomena. 

<Q - Brent Thill>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is from Alan Weinfeld of Davis Securities. Caller, please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Alan Weinfeld>: That was a real solid quarter. I was just wondering, you had these, I guess, mini-seminars are 
running around the country showing I guess the six new appliance units to the channel. And I guess some of your 
customers – and maybe it's going around the world next month, I don't know, but could you give us some of the 
feedback you've gotten so far from your channel managers or the regional sales managers on what they've seen from, 
say, the 6100 (sic) [61000] (44:46) or some of the game-changing new products? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: So – yes. I mean, first, all the new models, I mean, the six new models that we had were just 
launched October 5, so the amount of feedback that we have is still very limited. During these 10 days we did a lot of 
seminars. We had – on the webcast we announced the products. We had record attendance of all the webcasts we ever 
did. So that was a good sign. We got very good feedbacks on all the social media lines and so on. So the feedback is 
generally really very good. 

The 61000 and the 21400 were launched in August, so we have a little bit more mileage and I've been to more 
conferences with customers. So the feedback is very positive. People like the new offerings. They like the new features 
and I think pretty much the same for the new appliances. I mean, everybody is excited about them and there is nothing 

– I mean, really there is nothing to complain about. I mean, we give more value, much more value for similar price. 
And I think we've tried to make there are no compromises. So customers get more port density and more built-in 
networking options. I mean, everything is better on the new appliances and I think customers are very excited about 
that. There's no tradeoffs there really. 
<Q - Alan Weinfeld>: If everything is unified, integrated – I mean, I think I've heard these words from some other 
vendors maybe five, seven, nine years ago, but it just didn't stay that way. So if you put all these pieces together, how 
much market share do you think you can take from people who have a real specialty in one area but don't have any 
expertise in a big area, the markets say they are missing network security or they are totally missing an endpoint 
security? I mean, during 2012, say, takes six months to get major acceptance in the market and you're really selling 
these things real well by, say, 2Q, how much market share do you think you can take from, say, the top 10 security 
providers? And that includes guys that obviously that Intel owns, whatever, Cisco, they sell security but they're not so 
hot at it; Juniper, they sell security, not so hot at it. How much market share do you think you could take from these 10 
top guys? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I think it's a long question. I don't know to translate into each and every submarket and see how 
much market share we can take in each submarket. I think the real value with what we're trying to provide is to come 
up with a security platform. And I think the security platform is – can be customized by each customers to their need. If 
the customer just wants a very, very fast firewall, we have it for them. If the customer wants a platform that can do 
more things, that can do all the 12 different software blades that we have, we also have it for them. And that's the nice 
thing about the software blade model that we introduced two years ago. And you can see that in less than two years it's 
actually gaining a lot of ground, both in market awareness and in terms of actual revenues we generate. 

We are not necessarily trying to compete with the sort of niche solutions or with vendors that are focusing on just a 
single market. But overall what we're seeing, and you can see it in other – in some industries, that these vendors are 
starting to flatten up and even to shrink sometimes. And we are growing, and I think that's the success of being a 
platform that can do many things. 

Maybe the best example, and it's not – and it's hot market that's actually growing in entirely is IPS. I think over the last 
two years we've sold more IPS systems than all the other vendors combined because we've made the IPS integrated into 
the gateway. We've made it to work in [ph] real present (49:09) mode. We made it easy and simple. And that doesn't 


mean that people don't appreciate anymore specialty vendors that take a long time and have very sophisticated projects, 
but in terms of reaching the mass market, we are able to reach the mass market in a better way with IPS, which is an 
excellent example of something that's both. I think we've gained nice share. We became a very large vendor and we are 
selling – and in terms of units, I think we have the highest market share – I'm not sure of it in terms of dollars yet. 

So I think we are doing well on most of these markets. The IPS is probably the best one. I think over time we'll see 
more and more usage of things like network, anti-malware and anti-virus, URL filtering and things like that that are 
today dedicated systems and I think are going to start moving into the general gateway. DLP is probably another one, 
but DLP is even too much of a niche product today. So this is generally [ph] natural (50:12). Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is from Gregg Moskowitz of Cowen & Co. Caller, please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Gregg Steven Moskowitz>: Thanks. Hi, guys. Gil, you've spoken a fair amount about the macro environment 
today, but can you elaborate on which verticals perform well for you and if there have been any changes one way or 
another over the past two months? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: Haven't seen any changes, or not yet. I mean, I think I'll look more in the detailed vertical data in 
probably few weeks; we still don't have that analysis for the third quarter. I can say that for the second quarter and for 
my feeling for the third quarter there wasn't a change. I mean, our two largest segments are financial and telcos, and I 
think we've seen good deals and good traction in both of them. I think federal business performed quite well this past 
quarter. And so overall I haven't seen – and we've got some very large deals from a retail businesses. So, I mean, if I 
look at anecdotally what I know and what I've seen through the analytical data, I haven't seen any major change. 

<Q - Gregg Steven Moskowitz>: Okay, that's helpful. And just a quick follow-up to Brad's question earlier on 
Endpoint and R80. So it's seems like the early momentum from a transaction point of view has been somewhat slow, 
but just wondering how things are kind of shaping up and looking right now in terms of the pipeline there. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I think the Endpoint business will take some time. I think we have seen that we need to improve and 
also we are in the market that there is a lot of very strong competitors with huge market share. And we are, as much as 
we like to think as ourselves of having a superior products with better integration of more technologies and with better 
architecture and so on, we are still a very small player there and I think it will take us some time to prove ourselves. I 
am always surprised – or not surprised, but I'm pleased to see when I'm meeting with some customers that are using our 
Endpoint that they are happy, that they get better value, that they realize the value of integration between things like 
data security – and anti-malware and data security. So I think – I am actually getting very good feedback on – from 
customers that have deployed the Endpoint. 

<Q - Gregg Steven Moskowitz>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our final question comes from Phil Winslow of Credit Suisse. Caller, please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Philip A. Winslow>: Most of my questions has been asked, but just once again on the competitive side, just from 
a win rate perspective, I was curious what you're seeing kind of versus in Cisco, Juniper and obviously Palo Alto 
Networks has been in the news a lot recently. Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I don't know that we measure any of that, but my feeling is that we are gaining share significantly 
against companies like Cisco and in the many cases Juniper. I don't have any particular data about the other ones, but I 
think we are doing quite well, and I think with the recent announcement that we have, I think we are – we have a very, 
very strong offering much stronger than I think we ever had before. 

<Q - Philip A. Winslow>: Great. Thanks, guys. 


Kip E. Meintzer 

Thank you, guys, for joining us today on the call. We look forward to catching up to you again after the call and seeing 
you during the quarter. Take care and have a great day. All right? 

Gil Shwed 

Thank you very much. 

Kip E. Meintzer 

Bye. 

Operator 

This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your 
participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


