Q2 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Kip E. Meintzer 
• Tal Payne 
• Gil Shwed 
Other Participants 

• Brad A. Zelnick 
• Philip Winslow 
• Gregg Steven Moskowitz 
• Brent Thill 
• Shaul Eyal 
• Walter H. Pritchard 
• Daniel H. Ives 
• Robert Breza 
• Philip C. Rueppel 
• Keith Weiss 
• Sterling Auty 
• Stephen Patel 
• Jonathan Ho 
• Michael Turits 
• Jonathan B. Ruykhaver 
• Alan Weinfeld 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Greetings and welcome to the Check Point Software Technologies Limited Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. 
At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question and answer session will follow the formal 
presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. 

It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Kip E. Meintzer, Head of Global Investor Relations for Check Point 
Software Technologies. Thank you, Mr. Meintzer, you may begin. 

Kip E. Meintzer 

Thank you, Claudia. I'd like to thank all of you for joining us on this beautiful summer day to discuss Check Point's 
record financial results for the second quarter of 2011. Joining me on the call today are Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman 
and CEO; along with our Chief Financial Officer, Tal Payne. 

As a reminder, this call is being webcast live on our Web site and is being recorded for replay. To access the live 
webcast and replay information, please visit the company's Web site at checkpoint.com. For your convenience, the 
conference call replay will be available through July 25. If you'd like to reach us after the call, please contact Investor 


Relations by e-mailing Kip@checkpoint.com or by telephone at +1-650-628-2040. 

Before we begin with management's presentation, I'd like to highlight the following items. During the course of this 
call, Check Point representatives will make certain forward-looking statements. 

These forward-looking statements may include our expectations regarding demand for our security products, our 
expectations regarding the introduction of new products and programs and the success of those products and programs; 
and our expectations regarding our business and financial outlook for the third quarter of 2011 and full year. 

Other statements which may be made in response to questions which refer to our beliefs, plans, expectations, or 
intentions are also forward-looking statements for the purposes of the Safe Harbor provided by the Private Securities 
Litigation Reform Act. Before these statements – because these statements pertain to future events, they are subject to 
various risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ materially from Check Point's current expectations and 
beliefs. 

Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, the risks discussed in Check 
Point's latest annual report on Form 20-F. As a reminder, Check Point assumes no obligation to update its 
forward-looking statements. In our press release, which has been posted on our Web site, we present GAAP and 
non-GAAP results along with reconciliation tables which highlight this data as well as the reasons for our presentation 
of non-GAAP information. 

Now I would like to turn the call over to Check Point's Chief Financial Officer Tal Payne for a review of the financial 
results. 

Tal Payne 

Thank you, Kip. Good morning, good afternoon to everyone joining us today. 

I'm very pleased to begin the review of such an excellent quarter and the first half of the year. For the second quarter, 
we once again achieved record quarterly results, exceeding the high end of our projection. We demonstrated solid 
revenue growth of 15% over the same period in 2010 while our non-GAAP EPS was $0.68, reflecting 17% growth 
year-on-year. 

Before I proceed further into the numbers, let me remind you that our second-quarter GAAP financial results include 
noncash equity-based compensation charges, amortization of acquired intangible assets, gain on the sale of marketable 
securities previously impaired, and the related tax effects. Keep in mind that non-GAAP information is presented 
excluding these items. 

Now let's take a look at the financial highlights for the quarter. In the second quarter, revenues exceeded the high end 
of our projections. Revenue reached $300.6 million, representing an increase of 15% compared to $261 million in the 
second quarter of 2010. This growth was driven by increased sales of enterprise gateways and continued growth in our 
annuity software blades. 

Product and license revenues were $119.3 million, representing a 15% increase over the same period last year. The 
growth in product sales came mainly from the high-end appliances, driven by Power-1 Series. 

Our software updates, maintenance and subscription revenues reached an all-time high of $181.4 million this quarter, a 
15% increase year-over-year. The growth was driven by our annuity software blades, especially the IPS and application 
control that was launched at the beginning of the year. 

Deferred revenues as of June 30, 2011, were $457 million, an increase of $42 million or 10% over June 30, 2010. 

We had double-digit growth in revenues across all geographic regions with Americas and Asia-Pacific leading the 
growth. Revenue distribution by geography for the quarter was as follows: Americas contributed 45% of revenues, 
Europe was 39%; and Asia-Pacific and Japan, Middle East and Africa region contributed the remaining 16%. 


From a deal size and quantity perspective, this quarter we saw an increasing number of large deals. Transactions greater 
than $50,000 accounted for 61% of total order value compared to 58% in the same period a year ago. We had 37 
customers that each had transactions with a value greater than $1 million compared to 25 million – compared to 25 
transactions in the same period last year. 

From an operating perspective, we posted great results. Our non-GAAP operating income was $171 million in the 
second quarter of 2011, an increase of 18% compared to the same period last year. Non-GAAP operating margin for 
the quarter was 57%, an increase of two points compared to the same period last year. This was achieved primarily as a 
result of our top-line performance. 

GAAP net income for the second quarter of 2011 was $128 million or $0.60 per diluted share, up from $103 million or 
$0.48 per diluted share in the same period a year ago, representing a year-over-year increase of 25%. 

Non-GAAP net income for the quarter was $146 million or $0.68 per diluted share, up from $122.4 million or $0.58 
per diluted share in the same period a year ago. Non-GAAP earning per share exceeded the high end of our projections, 
representing 17% growth year-over-year. This was achieved even with a 2.4 million increase in number of shares using 
the computation of earning per share comparing to the same period last year. 

We had a strong cash flow from operations this quarter with $175.5 million, an increase of 18% from $148.9 million in 
the second quarter a year ago. Our DSO, days outstanding, was 60 days this quarter compared to 65 days last quarter. 
During the quarter, we purchased approximately 1.38 million shares for a total cost of $75 million. Finally, our cash 
balances reached $2.690 billion at the end of the quarter. 

Now let's turn the call over to Gil for his thoughts on the quarter. 

Gil Shwed 

Thank you, Tal, and thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call today. Second quarter completed another very good 
first half for us. You've heard the numbers from Tal so I'm not going to repeat them, but beyond the financial numbers 
there are both qualitative and quantitative supporting values. The acceptance of our 3D security vision, which we 
launched earlier in the year, is very positive by our customers. The software blade architecture launched about two 
years ago is now bearing its fruits. Not only it is being used by many customers, but in the past quarter it had 
significant contribution to our financial results. 

The sales of annuity software blades like IPS is higher than anticipated and are now a major driver for both revenues 
and deferred revenues. In general, our business in the second quarter worked very well in almost all dimensions. We 
sold more enterprise gateways with higher ASP; software blades like our IPS and Application Control have shown very 
high growth with significant contribution. Other software families also showed nice growth and even our new DLP 
software blades, still small but showed a big jump in the second quarter. 

In May, we held our major customer and partner conferences, CPX in Chicago and Barcelona. In both conferences, we 
had good attendance compared to previous years. In our event survey, we scored the highest level of satisfaction for the 
content of the event and the alignment of Check Point's strategy with the needs of our customers. So just as I said, our 
indicators so far are quite positive. 

In the world around us, we've seen a big surge in targets of attacks into organizations of all types. When everyone is 
concerned about the rising level of targets of attack, we see the natural and unwanted evolution of cyberspace. The 
attacker contributing to increased awareness to the importance of security and especially the importance of adopting 
our 3D Security vision, combining corporate policy involvement of the people in enforcement with the right 
technologies. 

As I look into the second half of the year, we expect results to be even better than our earlier projections. Before I share 
our projection for the third quarter and full year I'd like to stress one point. We are in the process of launching some 
new products. While these new products should have a positive impact in the short and long term, we always pose a 


slight risk to the immediate months, especially given the summer holiday season that we are facing in the third quarter. 

So with that in mind, I'd like to reiterate my positive outlook for the second half of the year and provide our financial 
projection. For the third quarter we expect revenues in the range of $300 million to $308 million and non-GAAP EPS 
in the range of $0.67 to $0.70 per share. GAAP EPS is expected to be approximately $0.08 less. 

For the full year, we increased our projection and expect revenues in the range of $1.225 billion to $1.250 billion and 
non-GAAP EPS in the range of $2.77 to $2.84 per share. GAAP EPS for the full year is expected to be approximately 
$0.32 less. 

Once again, I'd like to thank you for being with us on the call today. We had a great first half of the year and we look 
forward to the remainder of 2011. 

With that, we can open the call for your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is coming from the line of Brad Zelnick with Macquarie. Please 
state your question. 

<Q - Brad A. Zelnick>: Thank you very much. Congratulations on a great quarter and happy anniversary as I think it's 
the 15th year as a public company, Gil. The metrics are quite impressive; if we go specifically to large deals, 37 
customers with transactions greater than $1 million versus 25 a year ago. Can you just talk about what you're seeing as 
you go in with the 3D security message? What's really driving these large deals and is this really sustainable? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: First, thank you very much. I think that what we're seeing is a continued growing pipeline that 
companies are building, upgrading, migrating their security infrastructure. I think the more time evolves, companies 
have bigger infrastructure so their upgrades, their changes and so on are becoming bigger and bigger, and that's the 
main driver for the large deals. 

I don't know if it's sustainable for every quarter or if that should be a measurement should repeat itself every quarter. 
We had a very good concentration of build this quarter, but the overall direction of the business is something that we 
stand behind and we are, as I said, I think that we had very good signs in the first half and all our indicators are 
indicating even a better second half. 

<Q - Brad A. Zelnick>: Gil, just to follow up, your guidance for the full year is above our expectations. But just to get 
specifically an understanding around what you said about the new product releases and the near-term risk that can 
create, could you just explain that a little bit further for us? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I don't want to dive into the details because I don't want to pre-launch any product. But during the 
third quarter, we expect some new products to come out. All these products should have a – should have very positive 
impact on our results, again, both in the short and long term. But like with every new product, sometimes when there is 
a new product the customer stops their or holds their purchasing and wants to evaluate the new product and that can 
happen and that, combining with other things like holidays, like logistically choosing things like that, may have a slight 
risk to every quarter. 

Now as I said, I don't anticipate these risks to materialize. I'm very, very positive about the quarter and the rest of the 
year. But I want to share that information with investors as [ph] with (14:16) our quarterly opportunity to discuss that 
so I want all of us to be aware of that. 

<Q - Brad A. Zelnick>: Thanks, Gil, and just one quick last one for Tal. Tal, last quarter you mention that you 
expected for the full year cash flow growth to be in line with net income growth. You've shown nice acceleration here 
into Q2. Do you still maintain that expectation for the full year? Thank you again. 


<A - Tal Payne>: Sure, I see no reason why not. Obviously, it's going to be a few percentage up or down. It's the cash 
flow; it's not the P&L but, yeah, it should be in line with our P&L. 

<Q - Brad A. Zelnick>: Tal, thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse. Please state your question. 

<Q - Philip Winslow>: Hi guys, another great quarter; congrats. Gil, just wanted to dig a little bit into R65 and also 
what you're just seeing on the blades. Last quarter, you gave us some metrics about what percentage of the base you've 
been able to move off of R65 and get them to upgrade. Wonder if you can give us an update there. 

And then also, as you're seeing people look to buy blades for the first time, especially those moving off R65, just sort of 
what is the uplift that you're seeing and what are main blades that they're going for and what's the real driver behind 
that? Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: Okay, so first I think you meant R75, not R65; R65 is like four or five years old. R75 is the more 
recent version. Overall, the acceptance is very positive. We are announcing that the installed base is moving very nicely 
into R75. I think we're seeing that close to 40% of the installed base is now migrating to the software blades 
architecture and that means that on one end there is plenty of customers which can still upgrade and still migrate and 
provide more upside; and on the other end there's a very significant part of our installed base that can also take 
advantage of the software blades architecture and implement that. 

In general, we've seen good acceptance of all blades where like total security blade packages, that includes e-mail 
security, URL centering and others have grown nicely. The new application control that we started since the beginning 
of the year is showing nice contribution. The biggest contributor so far is IPS and I think I mentioned it few times; it's 
now pretty significant. All these blades had very nice quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year growth. 

Remember that most of our blades today are being sold as annuity so what we've sold this quarter, only portion of that 
is recognizing the revenue; the rest goes to the deferred revenues. So overall I'm – and I think I mentioned that I'm 
very, very pleased with what we're seeing with software blades right now. 

<A - Kip E. Meintzer>: Next question, please. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from the line of Gregg Moskowitz with Cowen and Company. Please state your question. 

<Q - Gregg Steven Moskowitz>: Okay, thank you. Gil, you really alluded to the wave of recent high profile security 
breaches and how that's contributing to awareness. Has that also translated into an increase in activity thus far or not 
quite yet? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: So far I – activity, yes, and that's the awareness and so on. So far I can't say that we've got deals that 
are a direct result of all the [ph] tax service (17:28) suddenly we've seen big surge in opportunities. Most of the deals 
we're working on takes long time and are planned and so on. 

I can say that what we're seeing very consistently is that the level of awareness to security in general and to Check 
Point in particular has gone up in the organization. A few years ago, we were talking to the Firewall Administrator, 
moved up to the Chief Information Security Officer; now more and more CIOs and in some cases even CEOs want to 
hear about the real – the security solution. The message of 3D security is very much in line with that because we are not 
just coming and speak about technicalities but about the need for a company to adopt an overall strategy and combining 
a corporate policy, not a technical policy, but a corporate policy involvement of the people and enforcement 
technologies. 


So I think we've seen that with many, many customers that the message of security has gone up. And the – I think with 
the years, that should be translated also to an increased deal size, increased activity; some of it we already see, but I 
don't think of that's a result of last month. 

<Q - Gregg Steven Moskowitz>: Okay, perfect. Thanks Gil. And then for Tal, short-term deferred revenues went 
down sequentially by a little more than what we typically see in a Q2. But on the flip side, long term deferreds actually 
went up more than usual; just wondering if there was anything that contributed to that. 

<A - Tal Payne>: Not really, no; deferred revenue can fluctuate between quarters. You can see typically in Q – I can't 
say typically because every quarter it changed. But typically we have the significant increase in Q4 and then we see a 
reduction in Q1 and in Q2. Actually, this quarter reduction versus Q2 was smaller than typical because we had very 
strong deferred revenues. But bear in mind that a portion of the booking is not going into the deferred revenues because 
invoice was not issued, so it's not really a one-on-one correlation to revenue and to bookings. 

<Q - Gregg Steven Moskowitz>: Okay, and then just a quick housekeeping, Tal. What were security appliances 
roughly as a percentage of product revenues? 

<A - Tal Payne>: Approximately 80%. 

<Q - Gregg Steven Moskowitz>: Great; thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from the line of Brent Thill with UBS. Please state your question. 

<Q - Brent Thill>: Thanks. Gil, just on IPS can you just give us a sense of what's happening in the market from your 
perspective? And you noted the strength in this segment; is this competitive displacements? Are you just more 
comfortable about your internal execution? Just help us frame what you're seeing in IPS. Thank you. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: First, I think our model compared to the IPS companies is slightly different. Most of the IPS 
solutions are being sold today as standalone solutions, large expensive solutions. Our message here is that you can 
embed the IPS and get higher quality, much lower cost, much better operational efficiency by integrating more blades 
into the existing gateway. So I don't know if we necessarily displace the big installation of pure-play IPS vendors, but 
we definitely bring the message of IPS can be a reality to many more customers. 

I think in some cases customers also choose to embed the IPS in our solution instead of renewing an old IPS product 
and that I think that also happened. But overall, I think what we are showing the market here and what the evidence we 
get from our customers because we have very, very high renewal rates for the – sometimes the bundled IPS which we 
provide on some of our products is that customers are getting that message and are – feel much more comfortable to 
enable IPS and to get the added fresh protection than they did before. 

<A - Kip E. Meintzer>: Next question. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from Shaul Eyal with Oppenheimer. Please state your question. 

<Q - Shaul Eyal>: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon guys. Good quarter; congrats to Amnon [Bar-Lev] as well if 
he is around. Gil, two quick questions; the introduction of upcoming products -- are these blades-related appliances? 
What should we be expecting? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I keep that surprise for the upcoming announcement. 


<Q - Shaul Eyal>: All right; that's fair enough. Gil, as the cash, and this is kind of the typical one, the cash continues 
to grow and you guys religiously buy the kind of one quarter of the repurchase plan every quarter, what prevents you 
from lifting the repurchase plan in the near term, now given that the Israeli tax law is also in effect? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I'll let Tal answer that. I think the tax effect should a year or two down the line; it's not effective yet. 
But I think we just last quarter decided to increase the buyback program by 50%. I think that that's a good message that 
we've done and a good thing that we've done and I think we'd like to live with that policy for a few quarters before 
reevaluating that and deciding or checking the parameters if we can or should increase that. 

<A - Tal Payne>: Yeah, maybe I'll just add one more word is that, as we said that we would like to increase it. There is 
some tax effect on the additional amount; we see no reason to have this tax effect at this point of time. In two years – in 
2013 there is no – there will be no longer tax effects so everything is open and we will reconsider each year as we do 
anyway. 

<Q - Shaul Eyal>: Okay. Thank you for that clarification. Good luck. Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: Thank you. 

<A - Tal Payne>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Walter Pritchard from Citi. Please state your question. 

<Q - Walter H. Pritchard>: Hi, thanks. Two questions, first on Europe just wondering, it looked you had a pretty 
good performance there, up about 10% year-over-year. I'm wondering if you could talk about what you saw across that 
geography and if the performance is fairly even or if things are starting to get a little bit more volatile in that region? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: In Europe, the performance varies by country and it varies every quarter. So right now in terms of 
real parameters I don't have anything major in Europe; I know that I had got from people a question about some of the 
troubled economies in Europe and these countries, so I'll tell you that these countries represent about 10% of our sales 
in Europe. On the same time, they had the biggest growth this quarter so we've actually seen very, very nice growth in 
countries that their economy's considered in trouble, and I'm talking 50% growth and things like that, not just – not 
12% instead of 10%. 

But really it's varied; when I look at the country-by-country picture, it's very different. One maybe region that's 
consistently been very good in the last few quarters is Eastern Europe. And in Eastern Europe, especially Russia, we 
saw a great evolution I think was implemented about a year and a half ago, a strategic plan for a few countries around 
the world how we will increase our investment and at least for Russia we see that the result is bearing its fruit and it's 
showing positive results on that. 

<A - Tal Payne>: In the total geography, Europe did well with a double-digit growth. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: Yeah. 

<Q - Walter H. Pritchard>: And then Gil just on Endpoint, didn't hear you talk much about it; haven't seen as much 
out of Check Point over the last few quarters around this market. I'm just wondering how much of a focus is that market 
still from an organic development perspective as well as potentially looking outside the company for M&A 
opportunities in Endpoint? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: Okay, that's very good question. So about at the end of 2010 we came out with a very big and major 
version for the Endpoint and I think that's something that we look forward to see its result and there is more things we 
should do around that. The results in Endpoint are still not where I want them to see, but this quarter is actually a very 
big surge compared to Q1. We've actually seen a very good wake-up in number of deals and I mean really, really large 
percentage compared to Q1. But it's still not enough, so I'm not highlighting it as like we are over and we're happy 


about everything. 

About potential for acquisition, yes, there is a potential for acquisition there and I think we are looking at ways to 
differentiate our Endpoint solution with more unique technologies around that and there's actually nice number of 
technologies that can help us in fact in the world around us. So that's definitely a possibility. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from Daniel Ives with FBR Capital Markets. Please state your question. 

<Q - Daniel H. Ives>: Thanks. Could you just talk on any competitive changes that you're seeing in the market? I 
mean, obviously the deal sizes are getting bigger. Seems like there is more and more share gains; anything that stood 
out this quarter? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: My feeling it – again, we don't have a lot of supporting data but our feeling is pretty positive about 
our competitive position, especially given that the two large competitors in our marketplace, Cisco and Juniper, they 
don't publish separate numbers for security. But our feeling that we're actually having a very good success rate in the 
markets against them and thus we are increasing our share. So that's the major part of that. I mean there is a lot of 
activity, there is a lot of companies in the marketplace. But overall, we think that we are increasing shares and that -especially 
against Cisco and Juniper. 

<Q - Daniel H. Ives>: Okay, and would you expect ASPs to continue see a lift as blade strategy continues to gain 
steam? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I hope so. But I think we've reached a pretty nice – we had a very nice run-up in the last two – in the 
last two quarters and actually even more so in the last two years. So I'm right now not necessarily pushing into 
increased ASP but more balancing the installed base. 

There's actually in some cases even more focus about mid-range. We have had a lot of success with both high-end 
customers and high-end appliances. So there is a lot, and we are going to be pushing that very strongly because I think 
we want to – that's a great market segment but on the same time I'm actually pushing our sales force in some cases to 
focus more on the smaller deals and the mid-size products because they also have a lot of potential. And just as it 
relates to the ASPs, these can lower ASP because of the change in the mix, not because of the individual products. 

<Q - Daniel H. Ives>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from the line of Robert Breza with RBC Capital Markets. Please state your question. 

<Q - Robert Breza>: Hi, thanks. Thanks for taking my questions. Gil, can you talk about any concentration that you 
see by vertical? You talked about some of the higher ASPs; I'm just curious as you look at, was there any vertical 
strength at all that you saw? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: Nothing major. I think financial continues to be a big segment. We've seen some nice uptick in the 
telcos in the recent quarters. Government is slightly up but also industrials are up, so; but all these changes are quite 
small. It's percentage movement of one point in every segment, so nothing major. And if I look at the segments that 
went down, I also don't see anything that went down significantly. Now everything is sort of in line. 

<Q - Robert Breza>: Maybe as just a quick follow-up, I know you talk a lot about the blade architecture, but in your 
prepared remarks you talked about Gateway seeing some renewed strength. Are you seeing companies implement 
somewhat a different gateway strategy now that's kind of showing some strength? Or can you just talk to us and what's 
driving that Gateway strength? Thanks. 


<A - Gil Shwed>: Nothing major. I think we are seeing – I mean bizarre things like virtualization that drive – on one 
end drive more purchases and bigger purchases; on the other end put theoretically can drive down the number of 
gateways. Overall, I think we're just seeing slightly better market, more demand; and that drives up gateways, 
especially on the enterprise and high end. 

I think we... 

<Q - Robert Breza>: Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: We have plenty of work and opportunity on the low end and that will be in the future too. 

<Q - Robert Breza>: Thanks; nice quarter. 

<A - Kip E. Meintzer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Philip Rueppel with Wells Fargo Securities. Please state your question. 

<Q - Philip C. Rueppel>: Great, thanks very much. Given the – this is about the third quarter of increasing strength at 
the high end. Gil, you mentioned you might want to focus more on the mid range; has there been any issues there or has 
it just been a – the fact that the high end has been just significantly better? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: No, the mid range is also doing fine and particularly this quarter we had the UTM-1 appliances, that 
are the mid range appliances, we had the particular strength compared to Q1; big jump in that. But mainly we've done 
our strategic analysis last year and we figured out that we're seeing great returns when we invest in large accounts, 
talking about for example the Forbes 2000 list of accounts. And starting this year we've made a shift of resources on 
focusing on these accounts and at least so far it shows that it's a – that it's the right investment. These accounts are 
looking for the strength of what we have, the sophistication and so on. Their projects are large, so this is a very good 
segment to invest in. 

<Q - Philip C. Rueppel>: Great; and then on the blades you mentioned the strength in IPS continuing and slightly also 
DLP and application control. How about the mobile blade? Are you seeing any pickup there in terms of activity and/or 
sales? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: Yes, absolutely. We've also seen very nice increase in that. Again, it's not any major number so 
that's why it wasn't on my list, but just before the call we checked the number and the growth is quite nice. With started 
with the new blade six months ago; started from zero. It reached – it's starting to reach nice levels and a very high 
percentage of growth every quarter so far. 

<Q - Philip C. Rueppel>: Great; thanks very much. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Please state your question. 

<Q - Keith Weiss>: Excellent. Thank you for taking my question guys, good quarter. I was wondering, I mean it looks 
like the environment continues to remain pretty robust for you guys and if anything, perhaps even accelerating. You've 
shown good results over the past, solid double-digit results for a while now. Any thought to increasing investment in 
distribution or sort of changing the way you think about the investment in sales and marketing given the environment is 
really held up well for you guys? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I think we'll continue to invest. The biggest bottleneck is actually finding enough good people; it's 
not necessarily whether we want to or not or don't want to. 


As I mentioned, one of our strategic plans for this year was an investment in major accounts and shifting more 
resources into this kind of an account. We did a very thorough analysis of the entire world and found out which 
countries we should invest much more, which countries we should do a little bit of alignment. And so far, even though 
large account takes long time to materialize, we've seen pretty nice results in just two quarters. So that's the current big 
focus around that. 

I think we've also started this year a different focus with a focus on SMB. At the end of 2010, we hired the new VP for 
small and medium business; actually the first time that we had somebody just focusing on that segment. He is in the 
process of building a small but dedicated sales force to work with distributors for SMB. So I mean we're not – I think 
that we're not neglecting most segments; still I think the biggest strength is coming from the enterprise and the higher 
end markets today. 

<Q - Keith Weiss>: Excellent. And if I could sneak in one more, in terms of the large deals that you're seeing, do you 
see any increased attached between multiple product segments? You also mentioned some – a little bit of strength in 
Endpoint. Are people starting to attach Endpoint with gateway-type deals and are you seeing any increase in deal sizes 
from that kind of dynamic? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: Gateway and Endpoint, we haven't seen enough but we have a nice number of very loyal customers 
that use the entire Check Point portfolio including Endpoint and Gateway, but I won't say that's the typical customer 
that wants to renew or to buy these two products together. We're definitely seeing the message of consolidation on the 
gateway and buying multiple software blades it's a very good strength and I think we've looked at all of our software 
blades, whether it's, I mentioned, URL filtering or antivirals or anti-spam and definitely IPS and Application Control 
that more customers are buying. More customers are using them. And that's, as I said, a good testimony to the strength 
of the strategy of consolidating multiple functionalities and the software blades architecture that implements that. 

<Q - Keith Weiss>: Excellent. Thank you, guys. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from the line of Sterling Auty with J.P. Morgan. Please state your question. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: Yeah, thanks. Hi guys. I actually got two questions. First one is more from a macro view. There's 
been lots of questions about the macroenvironment in several geographies through the quarter. Can you give us any 
type of color or commentary about the tone of business as you moved through the quarter, meaning was it consistent 
through the whole quarter or did you see any specific ups and downs? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I think it was pretty consistent and it was continue to be back-end loaded like all our quarters, but I 
think the indicators were the same indicators throughout the quarter. The run rate was a run rate; still, we have the 
back-end loaded quarters and much of the reward and sometimes the risk comes in the last few days. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: Okay. And then a follow-up question is on deferred revenue; as we look at the success of the 
annuity blades that you mentioned, I would imagine that's contributing to the deferred revenue. How should we start to 
think about the seasonal patterns that you mentioned earlier? Should they begin to change or are still the annuity blades 
just too small to offset the traditional kind of deferred revenue and maintenance trends that we normally see? 

<A - Tal Payne>: Yeah, I think you should expect the same trend to continue, the software blade number becoming a 
nice and significant number; but still out of the $457 million it's a small number. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: Not that – it's not – I think it – soon it won't be that small, but I think we'll see the renewal pattern 
very similar because a large account might still want to renew their account in Q4 and in Q1 and the model that we are 
pushing for customers is to renew the entire account including the software blades at once. I mean that's the ease for the 
customer that they don't have a different Check Point renewal every quarter and every month, but sort of consolidating 
this entire renewal investment part that's concentrated into Q4 and Q1. 


<A - Tal Payne>: Sure; I just don't want you to expect now that because software blade is kicking in to start to see an 
increase in deferred in Q2 and Q3. So if that's what you meant, then the answer is no; you probably will continue to see 
a reduction in Q2 and Q3 and a big increase in Q4. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: All right; thank you, guys. 

<A - Tal Payne>: Okay. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Stephen Patel with Gleacher & Company. Please state your question. 

<Q - Stephen Patel>: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Wanted to follow up on the blades; can you give us an 
update on renewal rates and the mix of IPS versus non-IPS blades? I think last year you'd also mentioned having 
around 100 million in blade bookings; do you think it's a reasonable target to surpass 150 million this year or exit the 
year close to a $200 million run rate? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I think we should probably get to a run rate of $150 million this year; that's my expectation. I don't 
know if it will occur Q4 or maybe into late Q3, even; but I think we are getting closer to that. 

IPS are a dominant portion, but again when we analyze that, it wasn't just IPS. I think the other one, URL filtering, 
anti-spam, antivirals, and, again, application control and so on all have a good increase and they also had a nice share. 

<A - Tal Payne>: Yeah, I think the renewal rates are similar to these typical type of blades; it's not the renewal rate 
that we see typically in the regular software update for the firewall, naturally. But if you remember when we discussed 
it in the previous call, I said that our internal expectation was there will be higher than 10%, around 10% maybe 15%, 
and we were very pleasantly surprised that it's significantly higher, slightly less than 50%, but significantly higher 
which was a very nice surprise. 

<Q - Stephen Patel>: Okay. Thanks, and can you talk a little bit more about OpEx? It looks like it decelerated – your 
growth in OpEx decelerated a little bit this quarter and R&D was down. Do you think we'll see a further deceleration 
after the launch of your new products or will you need to be spending a significantly higher amount in sales and 
marketing to launch the new products in the second half of the year? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I would say that most – without even looking at the number, just qualitatively most of our expected 
expenses are head count driven. And we're definitely not going to hire less people right now; we're going to hire more. I 
think in the third quarter we are actually going to hire a lot of people. We have several entry-level programs for people 
in all domains of the company. So like in a few weeks we are going to have about 100 people starting a Check Point, 
entry level people, and growing and it's both in sales, in technical services, in QA and in R&D; all these areas we have 
entry level programs right now that are starting now or in August. So that's going to be a push for the investment; it's 
not huge amounts, because as I said it's entry level people. 

In Q2 we had the big conferences that are seasonal and don't repeat every quarter. But on the same time, in Q3 we're 
planning another two regional conferences in Australia and in Asia in general and these, by the way, two regions that 
have also grown very, very nicely this quarter. I think that the entire Asia region had their record, all-time record 
quarter; even better than Q4. 

<Q - Stephen Patel>: All right. Thanks and congrats on the quarter. 

<A - Kip E. Meintzer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Jonathan Ho with William Blair. Please state your question. 


<Q - Jonathan Ho>: Great quarter, guys; just a quick question in terms of the application and control blade. Can you 
give us some additional color on maybe how that message is resonating with your customer base and whether it's 
having much of an impact in terms of gateway refreshes? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I don't know that somebody would necessarily refresh a gateway for that. They can get the 
application control blade on every gateway and all the gateways as well. I think the message of this technology is a 
very positive message. Customers have been using our product for many years; in the application controls suddenly 
they can see and enforce things that they couldn't see before. 

So that's very nice that you use something for many years and suddenly something new opens to you and you don't see 
everything as web traffic, but you can see much bigger, much higher level of granularity and much better level of 
understanding of what people are doing. And in turn, in security, being able to control more threat and to eliminate 
Web-based threats that are big part of the risks that we are facing every day. 

It's bundled today with new appliances so portion of the appliance revenue is allocated to these blades. But we've all 
actually seen some nice a la carte customers of existing gateways that are bought resupplies, that have bought these 
blades. So I mean, their acceptance is very, very positive and customers overall like it a lot. 

<Q - Jonathan Ho>: Great. 

<A - Kip E. Meintzer>: Hello... 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from Michael Turits with Raymond James. 

<Q - Michael Turits>: Hey guys, good morning, good afternoon. Gil, you mentioned that you would look at 
acquisitions in Endpoint. Should we think of those as smaller technology tuck-ins or would you do something larger, 
where you could actually buy some market share and customer base? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I think on large acquisitions I can't comment and I think there's no reason to build any anticipation 
because these deals are one-off and they can't be planned or anticipated. Smaller technology deals, I think we have few 
on the horizon and I think that there is a good chance that we'll see something happening. 

<Q - Michael Turits>: [ph] Can I (42:46) ask one other question, on – as people add more blades on it, how much of 
an impact is that having on the size of the box as the people buy? In other words, does it like buy more software blades, 
is that also having a positive effect in driving up the amount of bandwidth that people need and driving people to higher 
end boxes? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: Generally speaking, yes. I think part of the job that we have as vendor is also supply stronger 
appliances. And I think one of the reasons to upgrade them and to buy them is to – is the fact that you want to get more 
out of this box. Keep in mind that a 10-year-old or 6-year-old box still works and is still doing the same good job as 
they did six years ago. 

One of the main – there's two reasons to upgrade: one because you've got – need more bandwidth and more power; and 
the second one is because you want to implement new blades and new threat protections that didn't exist five and six 
years ago, and for that you need a higher capacity appliance or something to run the software on. And I think both of 
these things are driving the renewal and refresh that customers are performing. 

<Q - Michael Turits>: Great. Thanks very much, guys. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Jonathan Ruykhaver with Morgan Keegan. Please state your question. 


<Q - Jonathan B. Ruykhaver>: Yeah, hi. Looking at product and license growth, you mentioned strength from 
high-end appliances and Power-1. And I believe you mentioned in the past that some of that strength is a conversion of 
the Nokia customers from the IP series. Is that conversion the majority of the driver to the Power-1 growth that you're 
seeing today? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: No, not really. I think that the – first, when we acquired Nokia two years ago we thought that the 
Nokia would decline or the IP series would decline and move, and that didn't happen. And actually, that the Nokia held 
up almost two years very strongly. It's a good platform; its customers are very loyal and actually we sold much more IP 
series appliances after the acquisition than were sold before the acquisition. 

I think the main demand for Power-1 is just that it's a good platform and I think that's what we are happy about. I think 
we are seeing in the margin some shift from IP series to Power-1, but it's definitely not the majority of the demand. 

<Q - Jonathan B. Ruykhaver>: So you say that the IP series product is stable at this point? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: Yep. 

<Q - Jonathan B. Ruykhaver>: Okay. A follow-on question. If you look at gateway shipped in the quarter, can you 
provide any color around the mix and the growth between conversion activity within the installed base growth that is 
driven by market share gains and maybe new market growth driven by applications, new applications for firewalls, for 
example, maybe run and do wireless network segment? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I don't think that I have a breakdown [ph] in this type. (45:47) When we analyzed deals and look at 
examples, we've seen all of the above. We've seen competitive displacement of non-Check Point customers, we've seen 
refresh of Check Point customers, we've just seen new customers that are building better infrastructure, new datacenters 
and new infrastructure that didn't exist before. 

So I think we've seen examples of all of the – and we've seen very old Check Point customers that haven't touched their 
installed base for many years and now when we approach them and show them the new value in software blades, the 
new value that new products can provide, they were happy to upgrade and buy new products. So I think we've seen all 
of that in the recent deal analysis which we've done. 

<Q - Jonathan B. Ruykhaver>: Okay; good enough. Thank you. 

<A - Kip E. Meintzer>: Thank you. Claudia, it looks like we're out of questions there, huh? 

Operator 

Yes sir. 

<A - Kip E. Meintzer>: Claudia? It looks like we're out of questions; is that right? 

Operator 

We do actually have a question coming from Alan Weinfeld with Kern Suslow. 

<A - Kip E. Meintzer>: Okay, go ahead and take it. 

Operator 

Okay, Mr. Weinfeld, please state your question. 

<Q - Alan Weinfeld>: [indiscernible] (46:53) guys; great quarter. I was really interested – this is, I think, the best 
trend, quarter after quarter after quarter, we've seen in a number of years if you look back at the last decade. And if you 


look at Fortinet, they have also, I think, a great trend going; we'll find out tomorrow. What would you say is happening 
overall in the environment besides the things we already know about the cyber hacking? Because you do it with all 
mostly software, a different kind of appliance; and they do it with kind of a hardware, ASIC chip, totally different kind 
of appliance even more in a network and of the business. Can you give any color there why you're so strong, they're so 
strong at the same time, but you do it totally differently? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: Sure. Thanks for the question. First, I think they do a very good job as evidenced by their numbers 
and that's nice. I think that what we are saying is some of the other vendors like Cisco and Juniper may be losing share, 
and us and the Fortinet and maybe two others are gaining that share. I think that some of the success of Fortinet is 
coming from the low end gateway selling on the value of buy fast and cheap equipment, and some of our gain comes 
from buy sophisticated and different analysis type of security. 

I think like in every market, these are both valued strategies. I think overall and long term the superiority of our 
technology will continue to prevail because security is a very dynamic area and I think people have heard me say that 
10 years ago, five years ago, and now, security is something that changes very frequently. 

ASICs are good to solve a problem that's very well known and that can be accelerated and over a short period of time 
they can do a pretty good job. But long term, they don't sustain and we've seen it with some people that came before 
Fortinet and are declining. And I think that as much as I think Fortinet is doing a good job, the success of the open 
platform, the software strategy that we are pushing, will prevail and show that customers need that. Especially with all 
the attacks that you're seeing now, you need to completely change the environment flexibility, deep analysis, multiple 
blades, things that we are now producing in a great way with our architecture. 

<A - Kip E. Meintzer>: All right; thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. It appears there are no further questions. I'll now turn the floor back over to Kip Meintzer for closing 
comments. 

Kip E. Meintzer 

Thank you. Thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call today. We enjoyed all of your questions and if you have any 
further, please reach out to us after the call. And other than that, have a great summer and we'll talk to you guys in 
October. Thanks; have a great day. 

Gil Shwed 

Thank you very much. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


