Q1 2012 Earnings Call 

Company Participants 

• Kip E. Meintzer 
• Tal Payne 
• Gil Shwed 
Other Participants 

• Shaul Eyal 
• Brad A. Zelnick 
• Sterling Auty 
• Robert Breza 
• Daniel Harlan Ives 
• Aaron M. Schwartz 
• Shebly Seyrafi 
• Michael Turits 
• Walter H. Pritchard 
• Philip A. Winslow 
• Philip C. Rueppel 
• Greg Dunham 
• Brent Thill 
• Jonathan Ho 
• Gregg Steven Moskowitz 
• Dan T. Cummins 
• Keith Weiss 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Greetings and welcome to Check Point Software First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all 
participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. 
[Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. 

It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Kip E. Meintzer, Head of Global Investor Relations for Check Point 
Software Technologies. Thank you. Mr. Meintzer, you may begin. 

Kip E. Meintzer 

Thank you, Melissa. Good afternoon and good morning. I'd like to thank all of you for joining us today to discuss 
Check Point's record financial results for the first quarter of 2012. Joining me on the call today are Gil Shwed, 
Chairman and CEO; and Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer. 

As a reminder, this call is being webcast live on our website and is being recorded for replay. To access the live 
webcast and replay information, please visit the company's website at checkpoint.com. For your convenience, the 


conference call replay will be available through May 1. If you'd like to reach us after the call, please contact Investor 
Relations by emailing kip@checkpoint.com or by phone at +1-650-628-2040. 

Before we begin with management's presentation, I'd like to bring the following to your attention. 

During the course of this call, Check Point representatives will make certain forward-looking statements. These 
forward-looking statements may include our expectations regarding demand for our security products, our expectations 
regarding our taxes in Israel, our expectations regarding the introduction of new products and programs and the success 
of those products and programs, and last but not least, our expectations regarding our business and financial outlook for 
the second quarter of 2012. 

Other statements, which may be made in response to questions, which refer to our beliefs, plans, expectations or 
intentions are also forward-looking statements for the purposes of the Safe Harbor provided by Section 27-A of the 
Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21-E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Because these statements pertain to 
future events, they are to subject to various risks and uncertainty and actual results could differ materially from Check 
Point's current expectations and beliefs. 

Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include the risks discussed in Check Point's Annual Report on 
Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2011, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. As a 
reminder, Check Point assumes no obligation to update its forward-looking statements except as required by law. 

In our GAAP press releases which have been posted on our website, we present GAAP and non-GAAP results, along 
with reconciliation tables which highlight this data, as well as the reasons for presentation of non-GAAP information. 

Now, I would like to turn the call over to Tal Payne, Check Point's Chief Financial Officer, for a review of the financial 
results. 

Tal Payne 

Thank you, Kip. Good morning and good afternoon to everyone joining us on the call today. I'm happy once again to 
begin the review of the first quarter of 2012. Our revenues for the first quarter increased by 11% and were towards the 
high end of our projection. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.74, representing 16% growth year-over-year and $0.01 above the 
top end of our guidance. 

Before I proceed further into the numbers, let me remind you that the first quarter GAAP financial results include 
non-cash equity-based compensation charges, amortization of acquired intangible assets, net gain on marketable 
securities previously impaired and the related tax effects. Keep in mind that non-GAAP information is presented 
excluding these items. 

Now, let's take a look at the financial highlights for the quarter. In the first quarter, revenues reached $313.1 million, 
towards the high end of our projection, representing an increase of 11% compared to $281.3 million in the first quarter 
of 2011. This growth was driven by all our business elements. We sold more products, had growth in support services, 
and a continued significant increase in software blades. Towards the end of last year, we launched our new appliance 
line. It was received with great enthusiasm in the market, approximately 80% of our enterprise appliances sold this 
quarter from the new product line. 

Our net – our new data center products did great as well, with the 61,000 revenues doubled relative to Q4 2011, and the 
21,400 provided significant contribution this quarter. 

Our software updates, maintenance and service revenues reached an all-time high of $202.9 million this quarter, with 
an outstanding growth of 15% year-over-year. The growth was driven by our annuity software blades that are 
recognized as subscriptions. 

Deferred revenues as of March 31, 2012 were $542.2 million, an increase of $82 million or 18% over March 31, 2011. 
Short-term deferred revenues increased by 15%, higher than seasonally expected. We had growth in revenues across all 


geographies, with Americas and Asia Pacific leading the growth. Revenue distribution by geography for the quarter 
was as follows; Americas contributed 45% of revenues, Europe with 38% and Asia Pacific and Japan, Middle East and 
Africa regions contributed the remaining 17%. 

From a deal size and quantity perspective, this quarter, we saw an increasing number of larger deals. We had 34 
customers that each has transactions with a value greater than $1 million, compared to 27 in the same period last year. 
Transactions greater than $50,000 accounted for 60% of total order value, similar to last year. 

From an operating perspective, we posted great results. Our GAAP operating income was $172.9 million in the first 
quarter of 2012, an increase of 22% compared to the same period in 2011. GAAP operating margin for the quarter was 
55%, an increase from the 50% in the same period last year. 

Our non-GAAP operating margin this quarter reached 60%, similar to the fourth quarter last year, which is the highest 
in the last six years. This represents an increase of three points compared to the same period last year. It was achieved 
primarily as a result of our top-line performance, and the tailwinds from the strengthening of the dollar against other 
currencies, compared to the same period last year. 

This year, the new tax reform in Israel came into effect. The reform simplifies the tax structure, reduces many tax 
uncertainties, and lifts the tax limitations of cash distribution from future income. As a result of the reform, the 
effective tax rate in our P&L is expected to reduce next year, while we will see an increase in tax payment. 

GAAP net income for the first quarter of 2012 increased by 18% year-over-year from $122.1 million or $0.57 per 
diluted share to $143.6 million or $0.68 per diluted share. Non-GAAP net income for the quarter was $156.9 million or 
$0.74 per diluted share, up from $137.1 million or $0.64 per diluted share in the same period a year ago. Earnings per 
share exceeded the high end of our guidance representing 16% growth year-over-year. 

We had record cash from operations this quarter of $275 million, an increase of 30% from $212 million in the first 
quarter a year ago. This was mainly as a result of excellent collection of last year bookings, as well as a positive cash 
effect of our balance sheet hedge. 

Our DSO is at 72 days, similar to the previous quarter. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 1.3 million 
shares of a total cost of $75 million. Finally, our cash balance has crossed the $3 billion bar reaching $3.121 billion. 

Now, let's turn the call over to Gil for his thoughts on the first quarter. 

Gil Shwed 

Thank you, Tal, and thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call today. Tal has already addressed the financial 
results for the quarter and I am glad to meet with you with these good results. As Tal mentioned, we saw very nice 
adoption of our new appliance line. We've seen a very nice growth in midsized appliance unit, and in the 
super-high-end systems. Software blades also continued to grow nicely and are becoming more and more substantial 
part of our business. And so during the second, we are continuously adding new software blades to our portfolio to 
elevate the security we provide to our customers. 

We opened the second quarter with some major announcements for the year. The most significant one is the 
introduction of ThreatCloud. While the need for a more collaboration in fighting cybercrime appears obvious, we 
believe that ThreatCloud is the first and only such initiative in the marketplace. When we analyze the challenges facing 
cyber security, we find that it takes a very long time – weeks and even years – to identify some attacks. Attacks will 
usually appear in many places, yet today's organization is alone in trying to analyze and combat these attacks. The 
result is that even after an attacker is identified by a customer, most of the world remains unaware and unprotected. 
This can be changed through collaboration. An attacker that is identified by one gateway somewhere in the world can 
turn into a warning sign to the rest of the world. This is the idea behind ThreatCloud, creating the world's first 
collaborative network to fight cybercrime. 


Gateways participating in ThreatCloud will be able to contribute to the network. When we become aware of the new 
attack, we'll update the ThreatCloud and all our participants in the network will be able to quickly detect and block the 
attacks. In addition, ThreatCloud employs a network of sophisticated sensors in key places in the Internet in order to 
further identify threat. This collaboration should shorten the response time to attacks from days, weeks and even 
months to hours or even minutes and extend the scope of addressable threat by orders of magnitude providing for great 
breakthroughs in cyber security. 

ThreatCloud isn't another long-term vision. It is actually working now and is part of R75.40 software which we 
released last week, which powers our new Anti-Bot Software Blade which is now shipping in our enhanced Antivirus 
Software Blade by providing threat updates directly to customers' gateway, enabling them to enforce preemptive 
protection against advanced threats such as bots, APTs, and other forms of sophisticated malware. And, ThreatCloud is 
only one part of our R75.40. R75.40 has over a hundred new features in all areas of management and security. One of 
the most important features is our new secure operating system, GAiA. 

GAiA combines the two operating system we had in our product portfolio. The Nokia IP operating system and the 
SecurePlatform, both offer some unique characteristics and have earned some loyal customers. Loyal IP series 
customers were reluctant to move to our newer client model, who didn't try the IP operating system. Now with GAiA, 
these customers will be able to move to our unified product line, taking advantage of our familiar interface and all the 
features we needed and getting the benefit of the great new platform we provide. Many customers have been waiting 
for GAiA for a long time, and it seems that the reactions so far are very positive. We made these announcement last 
week on our Check Point Experience Partner and Customer Conference which we held in Orlando. It appears that the 
new announcement was very well received. 

In terms of numbers, as we are all aware, there are always risks in predicting the future. That being said, we continue to 
expect good performance for the year and are maintaining our annual and quarterly projection. Specifically, for the 
second quarter, we expect revenues in the range of $324 million to $336 million and non-GAAP earnings per share in 
the range of $0.74 to $0.77 per share. GAAP EPS is expected to be approximately $0.07 less. 

Once again, I'd like to thank you for being on the call with us. We had a great first quarter, and we look forward for the 
remainder of 2012. 

With this, we can open the call for your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question 
comes from the line of Shaul Eyal with Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Shaul Eyal>: Thank you, operator. Hi. Good afternoon, guys. Good quarter. Two quick questions on my end; I 
know, Tal, you provided some good color about the 61000's and the 21400. But maybe, Gil, can you provide us with 
more color; I recall call that last thing you talked – last time you talked about, I think it was the retail vertical that was a 
little strong. What have you seen this quarter? How the ASPs have been trending on both those products? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: The ASPs in the high end actually were very good, and specifically for the 61000, we had some 
very, very large deals that drove ASP up. I don't know if it's indicative for the future but people bought fully populated 
systems that are relatively costly. Other than that, I think we've seen a good mix of gateways. I think I mentioned in my 
part that, when we saw a nice increase, it was actually in the low to mid-size gateways, an area that we didn't 
necessarily focus on. But, I think that our latest appliances, the 2012 model, has done a great job in making us very 
competitive in this segment of the market. So that's where we've seen the big advance in terms of units. 

<Q - Shaul Eyal>: Got it. And Tal, one question for you; operating margins strong, I think, for the second conservative 
quarter now where we had 60%. Is that the type of metric from the operating margin perspective we should be thinking 


about down the road? What's behind this continued consistent of the operating margin? We used to think about it more 
mid, high 50s but 60% appears to be becoming the new norm? 

<A - Tal Payne>: I wouldn't call it the new norm; it's two quarters, you're right. Remember that Q4 is typically higher 
margin than the first quarter. So, Q3 and Q4, typically higher margin than Q1 and Q2. So, Q4 is not indicative. Q1 was 
high margins as you can see. Two reasons for that; one, as we continue to perform in our revenue growth, it allow us to 
see some improvement as a result of the leverage in our business model. We did have tailwind from the dollar. Q1 this 
year, the average of the dollar versus the average in Q1 last year was higher; meaning the dollar got stronger versus last 
year, which meant that it allowed to improve the margin. I think it gave us around $2 million to $3 million this quarter 
so take that into account. You can't predict that it will continue in the future; that's why I don't want to commit to that 
type of percentage. And, we also had some, as you know, company event in Mexico this quarter, which means that 
around two weeks out of the first quarter we had lower levels of expenses. So, I wouldn't make that as the new mark. 
And, as you know – so we don't aim for increase in the gross margin or in the operating margin; we aim to continue and 
grow our business. 

<Q - Shaul Eyal>: Fair enough. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brad Zelnick with Macquarie. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Brad A. Zelnick>: Thank you very much. Gil, with billings growing slower than they have in the prior six 
quarters despite the strong uptake in software blades, can you help put that in context and specifically speak to what 
gives you the confidence to maintain your double-digit revenue growth outlook at the midpoint of your guidance versus 
billings in this quarter at least that are high single-digit? And, I know you don't guide to deferred revenue but how 
should we think about that as we put our models together? Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: First, we don't publish booking or billing so I don't know how you gathered the data. But, in terms of 
our internal metrics, we actually performed very much in line with our plans for the year. Seasonally, Q1 is always the 
slowest quarter and then the quarter starts to ramp up very, very quickly and I think that's what we exactly saw. We met 
our internal plans. And, again, I think we're doing quite well against all our internal metrics. 

<Q - Brad A. Zelnick>: Thank you. And, just a quick follow-up for Tal on DSOs; it seemed they were up very slightly 
sequentially from Q4, which is not the typical pattern in Q1. Just curious if you can speak to the linearity in the quarter. 
Thank you. 

<A - Tal Payne>: It's the regular phenomenon of very backend loaded. I think it was quite similar. It was 72 days 
according to my calculation. I can tell you from the facts collection is very, very good and nothing has changed in our 
collection pattern and you can see it very clearly in our cash flow. This was the strongest cash flow ever, $275 million 
with 30% growth. And, as you know, the growth comes from the collection of the booking of Q4. So, DSO is one 
calculation. Maybe it went up one day, but it's completely in line in terms of collection. 

<Q - Brad A. Zelnick>: Thanks very much for taking my questions. 

<A - Tal Payne>: Sure. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: Yeah, thanks. Hi, guys. I actually want to follow on that linearity question. While the 
quantitative – I agree with the DSOs. I'm just curious qualitatively, Gil, in terms of your conversations with the 
channeling customers, how did you feel demand develop through the quarter? Because we've have heard different 
things from different regions in terms of months that were really good months and that were sluggish. Curious how you 


saw the demand develop through the quarter. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I think the quarter went according to plan. I think we've got – the salespeople made their forecast, 
and the quarters are backend loaded in the last few years. So, there's no surprise in that, nothing really to report about 
that. And, we expect good numbers for the second quarter. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: Okay. And, then one follow-up question; on the high-end, on the 61000, where are you seeing 
the biggest demand for that? In other words, are these greenfield opportunities or are these data center network security 
upgrades? And, what is it that you see – you're replacing, if it is an upgrade? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: It's a combination of that. It's not the upgrades of – mostly not upgrades of old models here but 
customers that really needed high-end performance and now can get it. There is really a host of different usages. There 
is some in the financial sector, there is some that are used to fight denial of service attacks at very high rates. I must say 
that – we have government, we have healthcare, we have industrial, we have financial; there's many different types of 
different customers here and there is no one kind of usage. Again, this is not – that's one thing. Remember, this is not a 
huge number of deals because these deals tend to be very large but the direction is very positive here. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: Got it. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Breza with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with 
your question. 

<Q - Robert Breza>: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Maybe as a follow-on to Sterling's question, Gil, as you step 
back and talk to customers, you mentioned having some success at the low end of the market, what are you seeing 
across the landscape, maybe from a differentiated perspective at the low end versus the high-end? Meaning, are you 
seeing people redesign their networks differently today than maybe they were three years ago and how that's driving 
demand? Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: No big changes on that. I think our latest product line that we announced at the end of 2011, the 
2012 model, is very competitive, and customers are very happy to purchase the new model. I haven't – we just had the 
Check Point Experience Conference in Orlando, and I must say that all I heard was very positive feedback from 
channel. I don't want to say that the channels are now refocusing or focusing on broader market segments, because 
that's not what I heard. I do think that channels would still like to see large deals, and on the same time, all our channels 
have the mix of customers on all avenues of the market, and the only thing I can deduct is that we became more 
competitive and in places where they weren't really putting their big effort in the smaller deals, we are now much more 
competitive and we are just able to offer our models in an easier way. 

I know that on the high-end on the large deals, everybody is making a big effort to win, and then we're doing really 
great, and I think we have a lot of potential on the small-to-mid size deal, and I'm glad to see that some of that potential 
starts to unfold. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Daniel Ives with FBR Capital Markets. Please proceed with your 
question. 

<Q - Daniel Harlan Ives>: In regards to the change in the Israeli tax code effective January 1, just walk through how 
you guys or the Board is thinking about the cash balance and just the timing of sort of things in terms of how you think 
about I think second half of the year? 

<A - Tal Payne>: In terms of the tax, as I said, we adopted the new reforms. It's coming into effect from the beginning 
of this year. It's positive effect all around in the sense that it takes away limitations on – in case, we would like to have 


buyback or dividend above certain amount, as you know it, from the new income we will be able to do it without 
having any tax effect. It takes away many uncertainties that existed in the tax Israeli law, so that's very positive. And as 
a result, the P&L tax – the effective tax rate is expected to reduce in the next year or two and the cash tax payments will 
increase likely as a result of that. 

<Q - Daniel Harlan Ives>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Aaron Schwartz with Jefferies & Company. Please proceed with 
your question. 

<Q - Aaron M. Schwartz>: Good afternoon. In terms of the changing product deferral rates with the success of the 
blades here, is there any way you can talk a little bit more about your expectations for product growth? Is sort of the 
mid-single-digit growth rates are the right way to think about this for the remainder of the year? Do you expect it to 
accelerate off the Q1 level? 

<A - Tal Payne>: I would say first and I've been recommending this for quite a long period, I would recommend to 
look first at the top [ph] total (24:49) growth rate of the revenues. Since it depends how we introduce new products, the 
more annuity blades we introduce, the more you should expect to see a shift from the product into the service line, as 
you've been seeing in the last year and a half. So, future product depends how we introduce them. But in general, I 
would expect to see more services and less products. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: But I think the growth rates can be higher than what it's been in this quarter. I think the growth rate 
will be higher in future quarters. So – and again, maybe to explain a little bit what Tal says, when we bundle a new 
software blade with our appliances, with our product, then immediately a big portion of the product sale is moving to 
the subscription line; and that's what's happening sometimes. 

Now that really depends – because we tend to change from time-to-time the bundling of different blades with different 
model. I mean, bundling more blades creates great long-term opportunities, because the customers gets them almost – 
or I mean, bundled for the first year and then they renew it from the second year. So that has a positive effect. It has – I 
mean, it has less positive effect from the standpoint of the growth of the product line, and less positive effect from the 
standpoint that we don't take full advantage of selling these blades at full price when we started; and that's why we are 
all the time trying to create this right bundle to create the right incentives. So that's the main question, but it's harder for 
us to answer, because with new models and new blades, we're playing with these all the time. But again, just to be 
clear, I think that for the remainder of the year, we can see a higher product growth rate than we've seen in the first 
quarter. 

<Q - Aaron M. Schwartz>: Okay. That's helpful. And second question if I could, now that you have a little longer 
track record for your IPS Blade, do you have any firmer views on renewal rates, and then also are the renewal rates 
consistent across all your annuity blades or are you seeing a large variance by the different type of blades? Thank you. 

<A - Tal Payne>: Actually quite similar, obviously there is some variance, but it's quite similar. We've seen this 
quarter a slight increase in the renewal rate. I wouldn't turn it into a metric here, just because we need to see for a few 
quarters that it continue to go that route, but it's – I'll remind you, that we said it's around 60% renewal rates for the à la 
carte blades, and around 40% for the bundled blades, which was very high. When we launched the software blade, we 
expected the bundle to be renewed 10%, 15%. I'll just remind you when we say bundle, it means we sold them bundled 
together with the appliance, and we assume that in the second year, about 10% to 15% will come back to renewal. We 
were pleasantly surprised with around 40%, and in the second year, we see renewals in a higher rate. This quarter, it's 
past the 60%, so it's a positive trend, and we hope to continue to see increase in the renewal rates in the second and 
third year. 

<Q - Aaron M. Schwartz>: Terrific. Thank you. 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Shebly Seyrafi with FBN Securities. Please proceed with your 
question. 

<Q - Shebly Seyrafi>: Yes, thank you. Talking about product growth again; do you think mid-single digit product 
growth is possible going forward? And also, as you shift more to software, your margins are higher there. So could that 
produce even further operating margin expansion, as that transition takes place? And related to that as well, do you 
think GAiA, is going to be a catalyst for additional sales starting this quarter to the Nokia customer base, IP base? 
Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: These are three separate questions, I'll try to address them. So first, I'll start from the end. GAiA 
basically has a nice potential. I mean we do think that many customers are waiting for GAiA in order to move from the 
IP Series to the new appliance model. So that's one indication we did get. That's the first one. 

I think in terms of product growth, I think I mentioned it in previous question. I think the current growth is nice, but I 
think we can also anticipate higher growth in the product line and I think overall the growth of software blade is only 
positive. 

Regarding the margin, we are not – I mean, I think our margins are very high and I'm definitely not trying to shoot for a 
[ph] third (29:13) to manage the operating margin. What we try to manage is run the business effectively and generate 
the most effective growth that we can. So, I mean, I'm not anticipating huge changes in the operating margin in the 
short-term, but we're also not trying to shoot for a certain margin or manage the margin into that. We try to grow the 
revenues and to grow the profit and the margin is the by-product. 

<Q - Shebly Seyrafi>: Okay. Go ahead. Go ahead. 

<A - Tal Payne>: The improvement in our operating margin in the last three years moved up from 53% to close to 
60% on average. So, you understand that we've seen a great improvement in the margin and definitely one of the reason 
there is the leverage in the business model and the fact that we still manufacture software blades. So you've seen the 
effect of that and you're right in your intuition that software blades carry higher margins, it's in the software. So you've 
seen that effect already. And at the end what will happen to the total margin, it depends on the mix of the growth of the 
hardware appliances versus software blades and the software in general. So... 

<Q - Shebly Seyrafi>: Okay. What kind of tax ratio we use this year and next? 

<A - Tal Payne>: This year, we'll keep the same, it's around 20% if I recall and next year probably it will start going 
down probably 1%, maybe even 2%. 

<Q - Shebly Seyrafi>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Turits with Raymond James. Please proceed with your 
question. 

<Q - Michael Turits>: Hey guys. Hey guys four questions. 

<A - Tal Payne>: Hi. 

<Q - Michael Turits>: Hi, how are you? A couple of questions. First, Gil, when you say you think that it looks like 
product growth rate could accelerate, what would be the drivers? Why would it be – have been slower this quarter and 
how would that accelerate? And then one other question, somebody pointed out that at least the calculated billings 
growth was a little down, could that by any chance be – is there any function of people hesitating to buy ahead of GAiA 
were they're waiting ahead of that release? 


<A - Gil Shwed>: I think we have many different drivers to the business. This is definitely one of them. No driver like 
that is major or is going to make a huge shift in our sales in the future, but as I said, there are customers waiting for 
GAiA, we know that. There are – I mean, when we look at the entrance to the year, we had been extremely strong in 
the fourth quarter, which means that the sales people started the year with almost an empty pipeline and still generated 
amazing results by any criteria. I think when we go into the second quarter, we have a bigger pipeline and that should 
help in additional sales. All of that is built in our model. I think it's – we're very, very much in line with our plan. I 
think that's the main thing I can say. So I mean I don't expect here any major changes, but within small margins, I think 
we can expect both things. 

<Q - Michael Turits>: And then just one follow-up question on a revenue basis calculated off the percentages, it looks 
like Europe decelerated a little bit relative to its trend in the last couple of quarters in revenue growth rate. Anything 
you observed there in terms of how Europe did as a geographic region? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: Tal maybe able to do more calculation. What we've seen in the last several quarters is that the U.S. 
economy is strong and that's a very positive thing. In Asia, we also see very nice growth. But in Europe, it's varied – it's 
varied. So, I mean, I don't even want to look at Europe as one entity, because in Europe, we're seeing some countries 
that are growing extremely well, other countries that are growing differently. Overall, Europe is behaving – and that by 
the way flips over to the next quarter. It's not that, where some countries for the last two years are growing fast and 
some that are not growing. It changes quarter-by-quarter and the same phenomenon we saw last quarter, and I think our 
forecast for Europe for the next quarter are quite positive. 

<Q - Michael Turits>: Okay. Thanks, Gil. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Walter Pritchard with Citigroup. Please proceed with your 
question. 

<Q - Walter H. Pritchard>: Hi, thanks. Tal, question – a follow-up question on the tax rate – or on the tax 
implications here with return on capital. You guys have previously been bounded to about or you've been buying back 
about $300 million in the last couple of years. Does that in theory [ph] could go (33:46) away the restriction on 
buyback or is that phased out over time? 

<A - Tal Payne>: In theory it goes away immediately. 

<Q - Walter H. Pritchard>: Okay, got it. And then Gil, any way of quantifying for us on the GAiA and Nokia 
installed base, I mean, you've had the product line – their product line now for about three years, any way to quantify 
how much of installed base is left or how many of your customers are still primarily putting in place the Nokia IP 
appliances still at this point in time? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I don't remember the exact percentage, but it turns out that the IP Series installed base was much 
more loyal than we anticipated and by the way that produce great results, I mean, I'm only saying it on the positive side, 
and I think we are seeing now a lot of the IP Series that are seeing the new appliance model that provides three times 
more price performance that wants to shift to our new product line and that's another good phenomenon and I think 
many of them – some of them at least are waiting for GAiA. So that's the positive thing that can happen. 

As I said, I don't think, it's – we're not talking about huge jumps or big changes in the mix, but I think we are starting to 
see – we started seeing in the last quarter, the shift starting, and that's after about three years when the IP Series sales 
were very stable. 

<Q - Walter H. Pritchard>: Great. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Tal Payne>: Just to clarify, it doesn't mean that they didn't refresh in the past, but they probably refreshed to other 
IP products, and not necessarily to the other products. 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Philip Winslow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your 
question. 

<Q - Philip A. Winslow>: Hi, thanks guys, good quarter. Just got a question on the blade strategy; obviously Gil, you 
mentioned the Anti-Bot Blades. Curious how you kind of gauge your expectations for that blade versus some of your 
recent introductions? And also, just in particular with the blades, obviously you have the Applications Control Blade 
that's gotten a lot of focus here. Wondering if you can give us just an update on that, and also just sort of what you are 
seeing competitively versus some of the other folks out there? Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: So, I think the Application Control Blade is doing very well. The IPS Blade is also doing very well. 
I'm very much in the dark as the Anti-Bot. I think it's completely new type of blade, and our history shows that most of 
this blade, it took us some time to ramp up, and they ramped up quite nicely. The only way we ramped up things 
quickly was to bundle these blades with existing appliances. At the moment, we haven't bundled the Anti-Bot Blade 
with any model. So it's not bundled, it's sold à la carte. 

Based on the surveys and based on the demand in the marketplace we may consider to bundle it. But right now, the 
Anti-Bot Blade is only offered à la carte, and especially given the subscription model that it has, I am not expecting in 
the next, I don't know, six to nine months any substantial difference to the number, based on that. But I think long-term, 
it has a huge potential. Everything I discussed on the ThreatCloud is very well demonstrated by the Anti-Bot, and that's 
a pretty big deal, I think. 

<Q - Philip A. Winslow>: And then just competitively, just curious what you guys are seeing out there? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: Not too much, I must say that the last quarter or so wasn't – we've seen – I think our market is 
always competitive, so I would hate to see that it became less competitive. It's very competitive, but we've seen less 
pressure over there. I think that with the two large competitors that we have, we're seeing and we have a lot of evidence 
from research data and so on that they are weakening when we are getting stronger. There are two smaller players that 
are doing quite well and at least now the only thing I can say within the last quarter or so, we've seen that competitive 
pressure slightly weakening, not strengthening. 

<Q - Philip A. Winslow>: Great. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Phil Rueppel with Wells Fargo Securities. 
Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Philip C. Rueppel>: Great, thanks. Could you just kind of clarify a little bit for us sort of how you see the 
financial impact of GAiA, do you expect your existing IP – Nokia IP customers to just upgrade or do you think they 
will buy or refresh the whole appliance? And then as far as ThreatCloud goes, is that just really an integral part of 
GAiA or you're going to market that as an annuity or is it really just a platform that would hopefully drive larger 
adoption of blades going forward? Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: So, I think ThreatCloud will be an integral part of the R75.40, it's part of the Anti-Bot, it's part of the 
new antivirus, it's a part of the URL filtering and I think we want it to be an integral part of our network. And right 
now, we are not considering any special pricing changes based on that. 

In the future again, we'll see how the adoption is going on and we'll continue different economical options. Well, but 
right now, it's bundled with the software blade pricing and what we expect is simply that customers that buy more 
software blade will see the benefit of participating in that collaborative network. 

<Q - Philip C. Rueppel>: Great, thanks. 


<A - Tal Payne>: [indiscernible] (39:15) GAiA. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: And the GAiA effect – again customers can have – GAiA will run on all the old appliances that we 
have including the IP Series. So customers are free to upgrade. I do expect that many customers that have been 
refreshing their appliances will now refresh to the new Check Point Series Appliances and I think there is a little bit of 
pent-up demand for that in the marketplace. 

<Q - Philip C. Rueppel>: Great, thanks very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Greg Dunham with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your 
question. 

<Q - Greg Dunham>: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I just have one follow-up on – kind of IPSO hold-up 
dynamic. Is there any way you can give us a sense of how weak the IPSO installed base was in purchasing in Q1, any 
way to quantify that? Is it a couple of million dollars or is it something more significant than that? And the follow-up 
would be, I know you guys haven't had a release like this in many years, but how should we think about the ramp up in 
terms of upgrades from that installed base going forward? Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: So I think first, the IPSO installed base was very strong for many, many years and I can't say what 
was the situation exactly in Q1, because in Q1, we had a total shift of all our products lines. I mean in the last – in Q4, 
we announced the new appliances and we started seeing all the sales moving to the new appliances. So, I don't know if 
something is particular to that model or this model of appliances. 

What I think I mentioned, and I'm saying that we're starting to see the shift from the IP Series installed base that was 
relatively loyal in both things within the same line to the general product line and that I think is very, very positive 
because the general product appliance line is more competitive, offers more power; from an investor standpoint, we get 
higher margins on that. It's very positive and customer will move towards products that provide them better value and 
us better value. 

<Q - Greg Dunham>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with UBS. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Brent Thill>: Gil, I think we're all trying to reconcile a 5% license or product revenue growth rate, which 
massively decelerated. Obviously you had tough comps, but given you comment about a less competitive environment, 
that would only point to internal execution issues than for Q1 on product. Is that a fair outcome, because that's the only 
thing we could point back to for that type of deceleration? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: I think you're words – one point that you may be missing then that's the point about the software 
blade. The software blades are part of the product – of the product price, just accounting wise they fall into a different 
line and I think there are a few points of software blades that are moving from the product line to the subscription line, 
and that's something that [ph] can be made (42:21). So if you overall take seasonality plus few points moving from – I 
mean that are sold as part of the product. When the customer is paying $20,000 for an appliance, they paid for a single 
product. Accounting wise, $5,000, $6,000 of that move from the product line to the subscription line, that's software 
blade, and that rate has grown in the last few years. It's grown consistently because we kept adding more blades to the 
product. 

<A - Tal Payne>: I can just remind you that in proportion now the software blade out of the product is more than 10%. 
The part that has been separated from the appliance value, it's not 2%, 3%, 4%. It's more than 10%. So, it's quite 
significant and, therefore, that portion is growing from the product to the deferred and then to the service line. 


<A - Gil Shwed>: Just [indiscernible] (43:16), without giving any numbers, if you take 2, 3 points that are the shift 
from product to blade and 2, 3 points that are the seasonal effect of Q1, you'd actually see that if we normalize that, I 
think our run rate is pretty healthy and we hope it will continue this way. Now again, at the seasonality of Q2, it can 
improve and the coming two quarters will also change because in previous years we also kept adding blades, so I think 
that's the thing that can change in the next few quarters. 

<Q - Brent Thill>: Thanks for clarifying. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: But I just want to be clear, the number of gateways we sold this quarter was very healthy. I mean, all 
of the other indicators that I have internally are very nice. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Ho with William Blair. Please proceed with your 
question. 

<Q - Jonathan Ho>: Good morning. Just a quick follow-up in terms of the products at the high end of the market; can 
you guys talk a little bit about your pipeline build there and how significant a part of the business you think this can be 
exiting the year considering that you guys doubled that on a quarter-over-quarter basis in some lines? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: First, it's build up quite nicely and we have a nice pipeline of large – the 61000 and so on deal. I 
should still be careful about that because that's concentrated on a small number of large deals. A small number of large 
deals can easily shift from one quarter to another, can easily move between them but so far the momentum very, very 
positive. We've built a very nice product line in two or three quarters and that's again doubling every quarter. And, 
again, it's very hard for me – and the pipeline is nice. It's hard for me to predict when these growth rates will start to 
balance to get in line with rest of the business or how long it can grow in rates like that. But, the pipeline is there and 
the opportunity is there and it seems to be very much in line with what we planned when we started with these high-end 
products. 

<Q - Jonathan Ho>: Got it. And, just in terms of your updated view between the product and subscription revenue 
percentages, how should we think about that on a longer-term basis given that you're seeing that faster uptake on the 
subscription line. What do you see that eventual mix falling out to even as you add these new recurrent components? 

<A - Tal Payne>: I think you can see that the service portion is slightly more than 60% including the subscription. So, 
I don't expect it to move quickly through the 70s, but I think we're pretty much where it should be right now. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: And, let's not forget that it's very, very positive because products are seasonal, and products have 
ups and downs. The subscriptions are much more stable and that's why we made the shift to software blades. We could 
have easily taken the same blades that we have today and priced them on a fixed price basis and charge for them one 
time and recognize it one time. I think what we are building here is for the long-term model and I think it's a very good 
long-term model. 

<Q - Jonathan Ho>: Got it. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gregg Moskowitz of Cowen & Co. Please proceed with your 
question. 

<Q - Gregg Steven Moskowitz>: Okay, thank you. Just to follow up on the previous question; Gil, the 61000 is off to 
a very good start, and last quarter I believe you said that you expect sales of the 61000 to reach the – tens of millions by 
Q2 or Q3. And, I understand there's some uncertainty around large deals. But, is that still how you're thinking about the 
trajectory of that appliance line? 


<A - Gil Shwed>: Yes, I think, we're pretty much there. 

<Q - Gregg Steven Moskowitz>: Okay, great. And, then just a quick follow-up and a quick housekeeping; roughly, 
what percentage of customers are currently on R70 and R75? Thanks. 

<A - Tal Payne>: Probably around half – 50%. Remember, we said it will take around five to six years; we launched it 
in mid-2009 so it's around three years, slightly less than three years, and we are around 50%. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: And, again, I think I want to just to be clear. All the new customers and all the new installations and 
updates are now R75. I know in the past when I met with customers, we're always challenged, what about the new 
features? I'm still on the old version. Today, all my meeting with customers, there wasn't the issue. All of them were on 
R75 and so on. So, when we are talking about customer deploying new things that's not an issue; everybody is 
deploying the new version and that's great actually. 

<Q - Gregg Steven Moskowitz>: Okay, great. And, if I could ask just one last one; in the previous quarter, I think a 
couple – on a couple of occasions you guys had singled out or talked about Premium Support being quite strong in the 
Q4 and I realize there are some seasonal aspects. But, how was Premium Support sales as a percentage of total Support 
this quarter versus what you guys saw a quarter or two ago? Thank you. 

<A - Tal Payne>: It's good – it's kept on the same rate so it's pretty good. Remember that also if you're already 
bringing that issue up in Q4 we also had a lot of Professional Booking – Professional Service booking which are 
typically the highest in Q4. So that's part of the higher growth rate that you see in Q4 versus the other quarters. Q4, you 
have a nice portion also that's coming from Professional Services to customers. 

<Q - Gregg Steven Moskowitz>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dan Cummins with ThinkEquity. Please proceed with your 
question. 

<Q - Dan T. Cummins>: Thank you. Could you give us some idea of how well you think you performed in the service 
provider and the managed services business in Q1? And, I'm curious if ThreatCloud will work when the customers are 
using a managed outsourced provider? Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed>: First, ThreatCloud would work on any environment. I had some discussions with some telcos that 
were interested in offering ThreatCloud as a service that they provide, and we by the way are fully ready to provide 
ThreatCloud not only as a big service from Check Point, but also as a private service from whoever wants to build such 
a network. Beyond that, I think the service provider market was fine. I think there is still a lot of potential ahead with 
this market and there is a lot of deals that are still waiting inside this market [indiscernible] (49:46) I don't want to set 
any expectation for this market but it has a lot of upside. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your 
question. 

<Q - Keith Weiss>: Excellent. Thank you, guys, for taking my question. I believe last quarter we passed probably 10% 
contribution from the blade revenues or billing. Is there any chance that we'll get more granularity or more color on 
how big the blade contribution is? And, any chance we could get a target on where you think that goes in terms of 
revenues or billings for 2012? 


<A - Tal Payne>: Last quarter, it was more than – I think you're talking specifically as a portion outside out of the total 
revenues, correct? 

<Q - Keith Weiss>: Yes. 

<A - Tal Payne>: So, it's continuing to increase naturally since our software blade business is increasing. And, I'll 
remind you that we've reached a run rate of more than $200 million in Q4 2011 like – for the annual 2011, Q4 times 4, 
and software blade continues to grow rapidly. Their growth is much higher than you see in our revenue growth or even 
booking growth. If you try to calculate, significantly more; it's not 10%, it's not 20%, it's not even 30%; it's more. So, 
it's a very nice software blade that continues to grow. Naturally, over time you will see that the growth rate going to 
more normal levels, but we will have – we are having new blades that hopefully will continue to keep the momentum 
of the software blade growth. So, it continues to grow significantly as part of the booking and as part of the revenues as 
a result. 

<Q - Keith Weiss>: Got it. And, then perhaps one follow-up on margins or investment versus growth; you guys have 
come out with a lot of new products over the past six months. You have a whole new appliance line. You have the new 
unified platform with GAiA. You have the new ThreatCloud out there. When you guys look into 2012, should we be 
thinking about any changes in the way you guys look at investment versus growth? If you'll look over the past two 
quarters, I think sales and marketing – and granted U.S. dollar had some impact on that – growth was just around 5%. 
Is there any chance for that ramping up in terms of more sales support or more marketing support around all these new 
products? Or, should we be thinking about investment generally in line with what you guys have done in the past? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: First, I think we would like to invest more. In terms of the sales and marketing expenses, it's 
composed of many different items. Some of them, for example, is seasonality in marketing activities. And, in Q2 for 
example, we have a lot of marketing activities, like I mentioned the Check Point Experience Conference that we just 
had in Orlando. There is another Check Point Experience in Berlin, in a month so I mean – and by the way, Q4 and Q1 
is the opposite. Q4 people are busy closing the pipeline for the year. And, in Q1, they are building – starting to build 
that pipeline. Q2 is the stronger one in terms of most marketing activities, a little bit also in Q3; we have a lot of Asian 
conferences and things like that in Q3. But, overall, where we would very much like to invest, I think we want to keep 
our business as effective, as efficient, but I think in all our discussion about operating margin, we said our focus is how 
to invest and grow effectively rather than how to keep the – to shoot for a certain margin number. 

<Q - Keith Weiss>: Got it. And, if I can sneak in one last one; did you guys give a head count number for the end of 
the quarter? 

<A - Gil Shwed>: We didn't give it. It's approximately 2,500 people at the end of the quarter. 

<Q - Keith Weiss>: Excellent. Thank you, guys. 

Operator 

Thank you. Mr. Meintzer, we have come to the end of our allotted time for Q&A. I'd like to turn the floor back over to 
you for any closing comments. 

Kip E. Meintzer 

I'd just like to say thank you for everybody joining us. And, we look forward to seeing you throughout the quarter. 
Have a great day. And, we'll talk to you soon. Bye, bye. 

Operator 

Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you. 


This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2012, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


