Q3 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Kip E. Meintzer, Director, Investor Relations 
• Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer 
• Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Katherine Egbert 
• Daniel Ives 
• Philip Winslow 
• Brad Zelnick 
• Israel Hernandez 
• Jeff Evenson 
• Gregg Moscowitz 
• Todd Raker 
• Rob Breza 
• Samad Samana 
• Sterling Auty 
• Rob Owens 
• Sarah Friar 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Greetings and welcome to the Check Point Software's third quarter 2009 financial results. At this time all participants 
are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] 
As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. 

It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Kip E. Meintzer, Director, Investor Relations for Check Point Software 
Technologies. Thank you, Mr. Meintzer. You may begin. 

Kip E. Meintzer, Director, Investor Relations 

Welcome to all of you joining us today. This is Kip Meintzer, Head of Global Investor Relations for Check Point 
Software. On the call with me today are Gil Shwed, Chairman and CEO, and Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer. We'd 
like to thank all of you for joining us today for a review of Check Point's third quarter 2009 results. As a reminder, this 
call is being webcast live on our website and is being recorded for replay. To access the live webcast and replay 
information, please visit the Company's website at checkpoint.com. For your convenience the conference call will 
replay – will be available through October 29. If you'd like to reach us after the call, please contact Investor Relations 
at +1-650-628-2050. 

Now before we begin management's presentation, I would like to bring the following to your attention. During the 
course of this call, Check Point representatives will make certain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking 


statements may include: our expectations regarding our sales pipeline our expectations regarding the performance and 
customer acceptance and adoption of our products; our expectations regarding the potential impact of market 
conditions on our business as we move forward; and our expectations regarding our business outlook and results for the 
fourth quarter and full year of 2009. 

Other statements, which may be made in response to questions which refer to our beliefs, plans and expectations, or 
intentions, are also forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provided by the Private Securities 
Litigation Reform Act. Because these statements pertain to future events, they are subject to various risks and 
uncertainties and actual results could differ materially from Check Point's current expectations and beliefs. 

Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, the risks outlined in the press 
release regarding our third quarter 2009 results that we issued today and the risks discussed in Check Point's Annual 
Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2008, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission. I would also like to point out that these forward-looking statements are based on Check Point's 
expectations and beliefs, as of the date hereof and that Check Point assumes no obligation to update its forward-looking 
statements. 

Additionally, during the course of this call, Check Point management will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. 
Check Point's management uses both GAAP and non-GAAP information in evaluating and operating businesses – and 
operating business internally and as such has determined that it's important to provide this information to investors. 
Check Point management also believes the non-GAAP financial information provided during the call is useful to 
investors, understanding and assessment of Check Point's ongoing co-operations and prospects for the future. 

The presentation of this non-GAAP information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the 
results prepared in accordance with GAAP. In our press release that we released today which has been posted on our 
website we present GAAP and non-GAAP results along with reconciliation tables, which highlight this data. 

Now I would like to turn the call over to Tal Payne, Check Point's Chief Financial Officer. 

Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Kip and hello everyone. I would like to thank you all for joining us today for a review of an excellent third 
quarter. This quarter we recorded all-time record results across our key metrics. Our revenues came in at the high-end 
of our projections with, 17% growth year – over the same period in 2008, when our non-GAAP earnings per share was 
$0.52 representing 19% growth and exceeded our projections. 

Before I begin providing you the further details of the quarter, let me remind you that our third quarter GAAP financial 
results include equity-based compensation expenses, expenses relating to our acquisition, including amortization of 
intangibles and restructuring costs, and the related tax effects for such items. 

Now let's take a look at the financial highlights for the quarter. Third quarter revenues were an all-time record of 
$233.6 million, an increase of 17% compared to the $199.7 million a year ago. Our revenue growth was evident in all 
regions, in Asia Pacific being particularly strong. Revenue distribution by geography for the quarter was as follows. 
America contributed 44% of the revenue Europe, Middle East and Africa with 43%, and Asia Pacific and Japan region 
contributed 13%. 

Looking at revenues by type, our product and license revenues came in at $86.9 million, representing 6% growth over 
the same quarter a year ago. Earlier in the year, we launched our Software Blade Architecture and introduced new 
versions of all our major software and appliance product incorporating the Software Blade release. 

With almost all of the new products there is now a recurring blade that is included in the basics product's cost. This 
portion is recorded as part of the subscription booking and recognizes revenue over a year. As a result, there's a shift of 
revenues from products to subscription. 


Our software updates and maintenance and service revenues were $146.8 million in the third quarter of 2009 
representing 25% growth over the third quarter of 2008. Related to that is the growth in deferred revenue that was also 
nice this quarter; deferred revenues was as of September 30, 2009, $360.1 million, an increase of 87.2 million, or 32%, 
over the deferred revenue balance, as of September 30, 2008. 

From a deal-side and quantity perspective, this quarter we saw an increasing number of larger deals. Transactions 
greater than $50,000 accounted for 54% of the total order value, compared to 44% in the same period a year ago. We 
had 22 customers that each had transactions with a value greater than $1 million, compared to eight in the same period 
last year. 

From an operating profit perspective, we posted exceptional results. Our non-GAAP operating income was $127.5 
million in the third quarter of 2009, an increase of 20% compared to the same period in 2008. It is also reflect in the – 
as the highest quarterly non-GAAP operating income in the history of the Company. 

We'll also continued to realize further synergies from our recent acquisition, which helped us achieve these results and 
deliver non-GAAP operating margins of 55%, up 3 points sequentially. This was accomplished even with the 
weakening dollar. 

GAAP net income increased 14% to $91.5 million in the third quarter of 2009 from $80.1 million in the third quarter of 
2008. EPS increased by 17% to $0.43 per diluted share compared to the same period in 2008. 

GAAP net income in the third quarter of 2009 included an increase in amortization of intangible assets in the amount of 
$5.4 million relating to the Nokia security business acquisition. Net of taxes, these charges totaled $5.1 million, or 
$0.02 per diluted share. 

Non-GAAP net income for the quarter increased to $109.5 million, or $0.52 per diluted share, up from $94.2 million, 
or $0.44 per diluted share a year ago. Earnings per share exceeded the high end of our guidance, representing 19% 
growth year-over-year. 

Both our non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP earnings per share are the highest in the history of the Company. Our 
effective GAAP and non-GAAP income tax rate for the third quarter were 19% and in line with our guidance. 

For the third quarter of 2009, our days outstanding decreased to 74 days from 79 days in the second quarter of 2009. 
Our cash flow from operations increased to $126.1 million, an increase of 10% compared to Q3 of last year. We ended 
the quarter with approximately 1.74 billion in cash and investments. 

During the quarter we purchased – we repurchased 1.8 million shares for the total cost of $50 million as part of our 
share repurchase program. Moving forward we have $81 million remaining from the $400 million share repurchase 
program approved by the Board in 2008. With that, I'll turn the call over to Gil. 

Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Tal and good day and morning and afternoon everyone. I would like to thank you all for joining us today. 
The third quarter turned out to be an exceptional quarter for us as Tal has just mentioned [inaudible] for the third 
quarter and is even more impressive given the current economy. 

We delivered these very encouraging results and achieved all time record high across our key metrics to solid 
execution. Our revenues came at the high-end of the range where we exceeded our non-GAAP EPS projection. So what 
enabled us to achieve these results? There are three main factors that I believe that helped us achieve the results. First, 
our continued focus on developing global relations with our key customers and winning a bigger part of their security 
infrastructure spend. That continued to show nice result during the quarter. 

Second, our recent acquisition of Nokia's appliance business and the synergies which we were able to extract from the 
integration. And third the recent product and technologies which we launched [inaudible] while the demand for IT 
remained slow, our Power-1 11000 which set new performance levels for IPS in demanding environments contributed 


several million dollars of revenues. 

The UTM-1 130 lower-ended client has also helped and the Smart-1 appliance continued to demonstrate the leadership 
of our [inaudible] platform and also contributed several million dollars [inaudible]. One particular element in our 
strategy which has also benefited us this quarter is the entire Software Blade Architecture. Almost 50% of our new 
product sales are now based on Software Blade Architecture. 

But this is quite impressive. Usually customers adopt new products six to nine months after their initial launch. Here 
we see an adoption three, four months after the introduction, with a big portion of sales already on the latest version. 
The Software Blade results drive short-term results while at the same time contributing to the long-term potential and to 
the deferred revenues that is also related to some extent. 

Geographically, we've seen pretty good results around the world. I was personally pleased to see that our Asia business 
grew by 27% year-over-year. We see other factors internally that point to increasing potential for the Asia region, and 
we expect to further focus on this opportunity. The Americas also produced healthy results this quarter, which was 
encouraging given the current economical climate. 

Now I'd like to address our financial projections for the rest of the year. Keep in mind that, while our results have been 
very good, the softness in the economy is not behind us. My projections are going to raise the range that we provided 
before, but the level of uncertainty in the market is still high. 

For the fourth quarter of 2009, we expect revenues in the range of 245 to $268 million. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to 
be between $0.53 and $0.60 a share. GAAP EPS is expected to be approximately 10 shares (sic) [10 cents] less than 
that. 

For the full year of 2009, we expect revenues in the range of $897 million to $920 million and non-GAAP EPS to be 
between $1.97 to $2.04. GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $1.60 and $1.67 per share. 

Thank you all for being with us on the call today, and now let's open the call for your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Katherine Egbert with Jefferies. Please state your 
question. 

<Q - Katherine Egbert>: Hi, good morning and good afternoon. Good job guys. How much was hardware as a 
percentage of the mix in the appliance business? And then also your gross margin was flat quarter-on-quarter, if 
hardware is going up, how is it that you're maintaining a flat gross margin? Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: The appliance I mean, now we delivered more 
than half of our solutions this quarter on appliances and let's say a slight increase from last quarter is a consistent 
increase, and it's higher than the last quarter. And I think that the main value remains not in the value of the hardware 
but instead I think in the value of the software that comes on top of that. And I think we've continued to execute well 
and managing our logistics and so on and continue to maintain a good gross margin on that. 

<Q - Katherine Egbert>: Okay. And then real quickly your Europe business was quite strong last quarter, it was pretty 
good this quarter as well. What do you think differentiates you from other software companies who – where we're 
seeing a lot of weaknesses and disappointment in EMEA? Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I don't know what to say specifically what 
differentiates us from other companies. I think that the demand for security remains good. I think I pointed to 
[inaudible], which helps us generate good business. One is the continued close relationship which we have with key 
customers and many of them renew. It's actually Europe I'd look at it as one – it's one entity with many countries and 


we have very different performance on different countries and on different regions if you will. And the second one is 
the Nokia IP appliance line and that helps us to generate better results and deferred revenues and new products and I 
think these all worked well for us all over the world including in Europe. 

<A - Kip E. Meintzer, Director, Investor Relations>: Next questions please. 

Operator 

Our next question is from Jonathan [inaudible] with Raymond James. 

<Q>: Hey, guys. I know you guys don't break out the data security segment, but can you just maybe talk about how 
that performed relative to your expectations and if that business increased quarter-on-quarter? Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: And I think we're in the middle I think we 
mentioned this last quarter and it hasn't changed much in the – into this quarter. I think we're in the middle transition of 
our entire Endpoint product family and that includes the data security business. And we expect that transition in terms 
of new products and new versions that many customers are expecting to happen between the end of this year and the 
beginning of [inaudible] of next year. So, so far this quarter it was stable compared to other quarters and I think we're 
looking for the big change in that and to the big increase towards 2010 and 2011. 

<Q>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Dan Ives with FBR Capital Markets. Please state your question. 

<Q - Daniel Ives>: Hey guys good quarter. When you think, about M&A given your cash balance and how well you 
guys have been doing. Just talk about M&A and just your thoughts going forward. Do you expect to be more active or 
just more opportunistic? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think we continue to look for good acquisition 
opportunities and I think as we've seen in the last few years we are raising through all types of acquisitions – from 
small technology companies to large companies in new markets into existing companies within our core market. And I 
think we are raising our investment into looking into companies and identifying the strategic potential. Almost 
everything we're doing directly driven from not so opportunistic, but from a strategic perspective of that. This quarter 
we did have several people in the corporate development department. We did grow the seasoned executive to head 
corporate development department and as I've said we've seen a few more people there to focus more effort. But as I 
said that means that we're ready to do something it doesn't mean that we will find the right opportunities or if anything 
is expected in the short term. 

<A - Kip E. Meintzer, Director, Investor Relations>: Next question please? 

Operator 

Thank you, our next question is coming from Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse. Please state your question. 

<Q - Philip Winslow>: Hi guys, I was just looking to get some more details just on how the appliances trended in this 
quarter. Did you see any sort of difference between -call it larger enterprises and small mid-size businesses; and then 
Gil as you look out on your business over the next couple of years you've talked about appliances being north of 50% 
of product revenue now. Where do you see that getting towards? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think that in terms of product mix I haven't 
seen big shifts, that I mention though I mention two examples one is the Power-1 11000 that showed nice growth, it's a 


new product at the high end and has good traction, the other one is opposite UTM-1 130, which is the lower end there 
of the new appliances, both performed well. So I think we have potential on both ends. 

If I look moving forward, again we look at appliances not at their replacement or anything else – if you look at this as a 
platform to deliver a more complete solution to the customer and it seems the customer – I mean the customer asks for 
that the customer resonates with that, but the big value of what we provide is the software of [inaudible] appliances and 
I think that's what we have to remember and hopefully our customers understand that very well and that's why they buy 
more from us than from any other competitors. 

So I mean I don't know to complete the answer to your question. It's very hard for me to say what will be the appliance 
percent in moving forward. I think on the network security side we are already the majority of the business in there. So 
that should be a stable maybe improving a little bit; on other parts of the business like endpoint, data security and these 
areas of the business these are not based on appliance so basically if we are successful that we will improve our sales in 
Bulgaria, which will drive down the percentage of appliances from [inaudible]. 

<Q - Philip Winslow>: Got it. 

Operator 

Thank you our next question is coming from Brad Zelnick with Macquarie. Please state your question. 

<Q - Brad Zelnick>: Thanks, good morning and nice quarter guys. On Asia specifically it sounds like results very 
strong there. And I just wanted to get a better understanding of what was different this time in Asia versus last quarter 
or last year for that matter and I noticed in the quarter that you had announced a deal with Fujitsu I'm pretty sure that 
that was specific to the Americas although I know – I understand you also have a long-standing relationship with them. 
Just wanted to better understand that? What was announced and if there's any ties to what you've seen in Asia this 
quarter? Thank you. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Let's talk to relate to Asia I think we're 
investing a lot of effort in making – we believe that Asia has a lot more potential than what we are selling and our 
executing even though we're in many countries in Asia we are believers and we have very good results. But clearly 
there is much more potential there. And we have been making a lot of effort in the Asia region for a long-time I think 
we started seeing a turnaround in our results about a year ago and this quarter it continues that. 

Now, I think that this quarter demonstrated two things, one, Q3 is the end of the fiscal year or the budget year for many 
areas in Asia. So clearly that compared to the rest of the world when it's slow quarter, that contracts Asia with the rest 
of the world. And the second is the continued execution. Now as I mentioned we've seen better indicators internally 
than what was just shown in the revenues and therefore I mentioned that some particular [inaudible] in Asia. And I 
truly hope that that trend will continue because the potential is clearly there. To the second part – can you repeat what 
the second one you are looking – what was the question? 

<Q - Brad Zelnick>: I was just touching on Fujitsu to understand what you announced in mid-September here in the 
Americas and whether or not that ties back to any – anything having to do with your relationship there in Asia? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: No I think that Fujitsu – Fujitsu relationships 
are very good. Fujitsu a very large integrator in many parts of the world and I think specifically we had some 
announcement and better cooperation in the U.S. which I think has little to do with the Japanese part, even though I 
would like to see more and more synergies with that and I don't think, I mean, that that contributed or changed much 
the results in the first quarter I think it's more forward looking into additional potential with Fujitsu that's a bigger 
system integrator which will help us. 

<Q - Brad Zelnick>: Thanks Gil. And if I could just ask one more follow-up. When we think of Asia by product by 
country is there any more visibility that you can give us? Any particular countries that were strong; and also as it relates 
to piracy, which is obviously a huge lost opportunity for software in general. Given your move into appliances, is any 


of the strength you think coming from the fact that you now are able to offer a solution that customers are more easily 
able to realize the value and thank you very much. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: So for the enterprise business we didn't see a 
lot of piracy in Asia so I won't go into that to any – any major factor. We've seen in some countries in Asia more 
closeness into foreign products and lot of local vendors and local competition and so forth compared to the rest of the 
world was, the market is pretty global. I think we're breaking through part of it. 

Now, in terms of this quarter in execution in Asia, I think it was fairly good across all the countries in Asia we're 
making good progress in China, but it's still way too small to – for the big impact and we have much more potential. 
India we're solidly executing every quarter and Japan is the biggest country that we have in Asia and had a pretty 
decent result this quarter. 

So I mean, I'm not – there is no – Australia had a great quarter this quarter, but I mean I'm not – I think if I look here in 
the sales by country, in Asia it's all pretty much very positive in all the countries. And the numbers are too small to 
have, one country – if I look at the numbers by country, this is too small to have any huge impact on the overall results 
for a single country. 

Operator 

Thank you, our next question is coming from Israel Hernandez with Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Israel Hernandez>: Hi, good morning or I guess good afternoon for you guys. With respect to – there's just been 
a lot of conversation around a potential network refresh cycle as we move into a more favorable spending environment 
in 2010. Can you talk about what type of impact that may have on your business? Does that present new incremental 
opportunities for you as companies go in and upgrade their networking infrastructure from a security standpoint? And 
can you maybe talk about perhaps the competitive impact in such a scenario. Does that give Juniper and Cisco for 
example, an opportunity to come in and take more share? Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: So, first I don't know if there's going to be a big 
upgrade of networks or refresh of networks next year or not. But if there will be, I think that we are very well 
positioned to take large piece of it. We'll need new platforms, they will need new levels of performance. And now that 
we are supplying the full solution with the appliances we have very, very good performing systems and the best cost 
performance in key applications of securities. We outperform any other type of solutions by a big margin – by a huge 
margin in terms of performance. And now that we sell appliances, we can participate in this. 

In the past if there was a network refresh we wouldn't think too much of it because we're already getting the stable 
software subscription business and our partners like Nokia we're seeing a big change in terms of selling new 
appliances. Right now when we are – have all the families of appliances from the lower to the high end – if something 
like that happens that should be a positive on that. As I said I don't have any indications which says that there's going to 
be a major shift in network refresh or not so what I said was how can we participate when a company upgrades 
networks – not like something like that is happening. 

<Q - Israel Hernandez>: Well, thank you and congrats. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Jeff Evenson with Sanford Bernstein. 

<Q - Jeff Evenson>: Hi. Wondering if you could give some color on how currency impacted your results and how 
you're managing the significant moves between the dollar and the shekel? 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. In general, about 40 to 45% of our expenses are linked to different 
currencies the rest is in dollars. Which means, the more – when the dollar is getting weaker then our expenses are 


increasing and when the dollar is getting stronger, then our expenses are reducing, that's in general. Now, every shift 
this quarter and the previous quarter was the same since Q2 and now Q3 we see a weakening of the dollar against most 
of the currencies around the world and therefore it's increasing our expenses. 

So if we look at this quarter, the expenses were before the hedge increasing about $4 million, but we have a partial 
hedge which reduced it – in about 1.5 million or so. So I can say it's affected us between 2 to $3 million this quarter, 
which means between one to two cents this quarter. So we – we're managing it on a regular basis, we partially hedge 
and looking forward, we will see how we are dealing with that. So I think we've done very well and you can see that 
the margins are 55% that we achieved this quarter, which was an expansion of three points was after getting the 
increase in the expense of this $2.5 million [inaudible]. 

<Q - Jeff Evenson>: What do you assume about currency movements in the guidance that you gave? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: We don't presume too much of that. That's why 
also we have – we have a wide range and part of it is we can't anticipate all the factors that will contribute to that and 
our main focus in managing the business is doing what's right for the business and keeping in mind that the biggest 
expense that we have is all regarding head count and that doesn't change I mean that's paid in local currencies and that's 
fairly stable, it's not something that we can change from one quarter to another. 

<Q - Jeff Evenson>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Gregg Moscowitz with Auriga. 

<Q - Gregg Moscowitz>: Thanks very much. Gil, just wondering if you could comment on your pipeline entering Q4, 
I understood your comments about some caution in this economic climate. I was just wondering if you could talk about 
the quality of the pipe and, and just kind of at this stage anyway, what your expectations are for some sort of budget 
flush at the end of this year, as compared to maybe what you saw in the December of 2007 and 2008 periods? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: So first I think we have the healthy pipeline, 
we have good forecast from the sales force, I mean [inaudible] these aspects I mean the people who are delivering the 
data bottom is up to are very optimistic. Pretty much every year that I have been in business Q4 was a good end for a 
year whether it was a great year or whether quarter and [inaudible] to raise the expectations it wasn't such a great year. 
Q4 usually turned to be a positive given what you have seen. 

Having said that I'm just saying that we're still in a soft economy and we haven't seen that ending and there still can be 
surprises I hope it will see more surprises upside, which I mean there's clearly a lot of potential but I'm not sure that the 
world has shown us everything she has, she can surprise us also for the negative side. 

So, I mean at any rate our quarters are back-end loaded and usually I mean we are doing very good work of getting 
forecasting, but we actually know what we're going to have [inaudible] and usually at the very, very last part of the 
quarter and that hasn't changed much in recent quarters. So and I think on the – at the beginning of January when we 
report results of the fourth quarter. 

<Q - Gregg Moscowitz>: Okay, good, great and then just a follow-up for Tal if I could. Was there any change this 
quarter in terms of a shift from perpetual licenses to quarterly and annual fees or vice versa? 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, I related to it when I explained that the shift that we seen, we have 
more and more revenue that are recognized as subscription and therefore go through the differed revenues and 
recognized over a year into the revenues line, subscription revenue line versus its product. Our product price in many 
products now once we get into the Software Blade Architecture, I'll include also a portion that relates to a Blade, which 
is an annuity and therefore that portion has been separated from the product price; it's been presented itself in the 
deferred revenues and then recognized over the period. So you see the growth of the 6% that we saw in the product 
revenues is net after the effect of that shift to the revenue of the service. 


<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I mean let me be a little more specific almost 
all our gateway products today for example contain an IPS Blade. And the first year of the IPS Blade is already part of 
the product price. If that portion is now not part of the product revenue but part of the subscription, hopefully – it's 
obviously amortized over the next year. It gives up a good potential because we hope that many customers will renew it 
a year from now and then we'll have additional annuity for more years not just for the first year. 

But without that I think our product revenues would have showed even bigger growth this quarter probably instead of 
6% something over – well over 10%. Taking less portion from the deferred from the net product sales in total. 

<Q - Gregg Moscowitz>: Okay, great, and actually just one other quick one. Can you just comment briefly on how 
your government business performed both in the U.S. and Internationally? Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I don't have any particular comment on that. I 
think we performed well. All over the world I think we just won in a few very important government certifications 
especially for U.S. government and we are part of new lines and I don't have any strategic reports about strategic deals 
or strategic government sectors at this point. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from Todd Raker with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Todd Raker>: Hey guys, nice quarter. Can you talk about contract link at all? I know there is some seasonality in 
the deferred revenue mix here, but it looks like long-term deferred revenue sequentially was up and the short-term was 
down a little bit. Are you seeing customers enter into longer-term deals as you move to more of a subscription-based 
business model? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: The short answer is yes we do the long answer 
it's not substantially yet. I mean we have a little bit more long-term contract and new forms if we work with customers, 
but I don't think that we are – that it's very, very substantial at this point. 

<Q - Todd Raker>: Okay and just going back, I know it's been asked a little bit, but if you look at Nokia customers 
and their path to upgrading any signs now you had it, in-house for a few months here in terms of – are Nokia customers 
pushing out the decision to upgrade? Are they on track? Are they ahead of plan and what's the biggest factor for a 
Nokia customer to decide to upgrade? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think Nokia customers are our customers and 
use our software and definitely after the acquisition, it's a 100% Check Point customer. I think the acquisition of the 
Nokia appliance business was – which is very, very positive for every customer that we met with – they all had this like 
cloud of uncertainty going for very long time and something that our – for the last say 16 years – not 16 years, 12 years 
since we worked with Nokia. Our competitors have always tried to spread rumors about Check Point and Nokia 
working well, not working well and create uncertainty around the future now there's no uncertainty of around the – 
customers know that they'll get 100% integrated solution, 100% support from Check Point and the reaction is positive. 
It's hard for me to say how much of it translated to short-term results, but so far we are very, very pleased with what 
we've seen and there with the customer reaction. 

<Q - Todd Raker>: Okay. Thanks guys. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: One more factor that is even more interesting is 
not just the refresh of the hardware, but in many cases we moved while providing the entire business we moved from 
being a mid-sized supplier to these customers to a much larger-size vendor. [inaudible] very positive discussions 
before, I don't know $400,000 in subscription fees to revenues in once every two years, a big upgrade of the hardware 
now we're a over $1 million vendor every year, it's more consistent. It's more and it brings a lot of good discussion and 
good dialogue with the customers and an expansion of the business. 


It doesn't by the way always end up – and some buy the IT appliance in the end some buy more software product, some 
by Power-1 I mean it's not necessarily that you see that in a certain product, but it brings a much better relationship 
with the customer. 

Operator 

Thank you. Your next question is coming from Rob Breza with RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - Rob Breza>: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Maybe as a follow-up to Gregg's question. Gil, you talked about 
product licenses would have been up had we not had a deferral for the Blade Architecture. Maybe just asking the 
question a different way, if you look at the initial sales to date for Gateway products, can you tell us like what as a 
percentage of let's say of a $100 transaction is being deferred today versus maybe a year-ago period, clearly it's going 
to be up. But any kind of help around that if we kind of model it going forward, I think would be helpful. Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: It's very hard for me to do and I don't have the 
calculation in front of me. I think if we sell the model – let's say the [inaudible] then one of the blades is the IPS blade, 
which is an annuity blade and a deferred. This quarter it was several million dollars, but I'm not sure again what will be 
the exact model moving forward. I think the shift itself is a positive shift and especially a year from now we will see 
how many of the customers actually renew this portion and not just buy a lot of gadgets for the first year as part of the 
[inaudible]. 

<Q - Rob Breza>: Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Brian Freed with Morgan Keegan. 

<Q - Samad Samana>: Good morning. This is Samad Samana here for Brian Freed. We were just wondering given 
that the endpoint is a potential driver of future growth for you guys and Check Point is stepping up investment in 
product development and marketing in the area. Could you provide some qualitative feedback on the response of 
channels and customers from your recently ramped up marketing initiatives? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, it's really got [inaudible] – I am not sure I 
got everything you said but, the feedback that you get on the new endpoint suite which has been generally positive, I 
think let's say we have a lot more to do to spread the word out to get implementations more out. As I said we are in the 
middle of a complete transition of the product line into the next version of the Endpoint and that should finish at the 
beginning of 2010. And from there start showing, hopefully starting showing much more growth. 

<Q - Samad Samana>: All right, thanks guys. Great quarter. 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Sterling Auty with JP Morgan. Please state your question. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: Yeah, thanks. Hi, guys. Can you give us a sense as to how much more profitable the channel 
agreements that you have in place are compared to what Nokia had? I mean, it seems like you get a lot more profit per 
dollar on the Nokia revenue than they were able to? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: First, Nokia I think never published their 
results so I don't know about that. I don't think that the channel agreements have changed too much from that. I think, 
we've simplified that, and combined into a single agreement with our channel partners and not to multiple different 


programs. I think what's makes our business more profitable is the internal operations, not the channel margin and from 

– and I think we tried – we made many, many efforts to switch the channel as profitable maybe even more profitable 
for most of the sales, because we want to keep the channel [inaudible] at selling our solutions. 
I think will a result in a bigger operating – is operating synergies. We don't need two sales managers on every account. 
We don't need two sales managers for every channel. You can have one sales manager and the other sales people can 
focus on expanding opportunities or [inaudible] in many cases being more efficient. So that resonates well almost with 
almost all parts of the businesses we acquired and [inaudible]. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: Okay. And Tal, Tal touched on linearity a little bit, but I wondered if we could just revisit that. I 
know it's still a back-end loaded business – it always will be. But can you comment at least for this quarter, did you see 
some of that pressure alleviate a little bit; in other words still get a little less back-end loaded than what you've seen in 
the last couple of quarters? 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, I would say we've seen the same in Q2 and also this quarter. We see 
some reduction from the peak of Q4, we saw reduction in Q2, we saw reduction in Q3. Nothing too significant, still 
higher levels than Q2 and Q3 of last year. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: Got it. Thanks. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Rob Owens with Pacific Crest. Please state your question. 

<Q - Rob Owens>: Yes, thank you. Looking for a little more color on the Software Blade Architecture, what was the 
percentage you gave of new product sales that are based on Blades right now and how has that trended over the last few 
quarters? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I don't think we did give a specific percentage, 
but I think this quarter we're getting close to half of the new sales that are with the latest Software Blade version and 
part of it is from new software sales, part of it is new models of appliances which include the Software Blade software 
on them. You have some customers continue to buy the old model without the Software Blade version and definitely 
can buy the old software model. I think overall I would say that the shift is better or faster than we've probably seen 
before, there is still a long way to go in upgrading the whole install base – our entire install base all over the world. 

<Q - Rob Owens>: Okay. So half of new product sales and I gather that has been trending up on new product sales? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Approximately half of the new product sales, 
yes. 

<Q - Rob Owens>: Okay, great. In light of that why is short-term deferred revenue declining, I think it was down 
about 2% quarter-over-quarter, wouldn't we expect that if we were seeing a mix shift to at least be flat if not creeping 
up? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well it was much lower than last year, I mean. 

<A - Tal Payne, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, just to remind you that Q3, typically the deferred revenue is 
reduced, if you look last year, it's actually reduced from, I think in about seven or $8 million. This quarter we reduced 
only on $2 million and that's partly the reason why it was much lower reduction in deferred revenues than usual. 

<Q - Rob Owens>: Okay great. Thank you guys. 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Most annual contracts have been reduced Q4 
and Q1. 


Operator 

Our last question is coming from Sarah Friar with Goldman Sachs. Please state your question. 

<Q - Sarah Friar>: Great, thanks for fitting me in. Just on the margin front, you clearly continue to do better and 
better. So Tal do you think there is room to keep optimizing the gross margin? What are some examples of the leverage 
you can pull there and then on the sales and marketing and R&D side – actually down on an absolute basis even though 
sales were up $10 million and clearly you talked about the currency impact so they're probably down even more than 
that. So could you talk a little about what drives that efficiency, is it sustainable or are there incremental investments 
you might make now that the overall environment is improving? 

<A - Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think, I'm not sure I follow all the financial 
metrics that you've asked, but I think the answer is, yes. I think we are not – there are things we can do more efficiently 
in the business and there all things that we are doing more efficiently in the business. My focus in given our 
profitability is not from the internal expense management even though simply because we do have the discipline to do 
it. The point that the main focus that we have is how to grow the top line, how to grow the revenue, and I think with 
existing discipline which we have on the expense management if we can grow the top line then we will grow the 
bottom line nicely. And I think what we've shown in the last year is that we can do very well – expand, add people and 
at the same time maintain a very good cost management and bottom line and top line growth. 

<Q - Sarah Friar>: Got it. Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

This does conclude our Q&A session. I'd now like to turn the floor back over to Kip Meintzer. 

Kip E. Meintzer, Director, Investor Relations 

One again I'd like to thank you guys all for participating today. If you'd like to speak with management or investor 
relations, please call our investor relations department at 650-628-2050 and we look forward to your calls and speaking 
with your next time. Thanks and have a great day guys. 

Gil Shwed, Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and we 
thank you for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 


© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


