Company Name: C.H. Robinson Worldwide 
Company Ticker: CHRW US 
Date: 2007-04-25 
Event Description: Q1 2007 Earnings Call 

Q1 2007 Earnings Call 

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson First Quarter 2007 Conference Call. 
[Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Wednesday April 25th of 2007. 

I would now like to turn our conference over to Angie Freeman, C.H. Robinson Director of Investor Relations. Please 
go ahead, Ms. Freeman. 

Angie Freeman, Director of Investor Relations 

Thank you, and good morning, everyone. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, CEO and Chad Lindbloom, Vice 
President and CFO. John will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our first quarter performance, and 
we will follow that with a question and answer session. 

I would like to remind you that comments made by John, Chad or others representing C.H. Robinson may contain 
forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional 
information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectation. With that, I'll turn the 
call over to John. 

John P. Wiehoff, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

Thank you, Angie, and thanks to everybody for taking time to listen to our call this morning. Last night we sent out our 
first quarter results press release. I'm assuming that everybody on the call has read or has access to that. I want to 
highlight just a couple of the items on there that we think are most relevant. 

On an enterprise level, gross revenues were up 8%, net revenues were up 16.4%, net income was up 25.6% and diluted 
earnings per share 27.3%. Those are the primary line items that we look at in terms of summarizing our performance 

I don't have a lot of prepared comments this morning, largely because we think the first quarter didn't really contain 
anything too unusual. There really haven't been any financially material acquisitions that were completed during 2006 
or the first quarter of 2007. So the results that we reported reflect organic growth of the company from the first quarter 
of '07 over the first quarter of '06. 

We talked a lot in previous calls as well as discussions throughout the industry that throughout the second half 2006 
and into the first quarter of 2007, there has been significant slowing in the transportation demand for truckload services 
in North America and related price increases. And during the first quarter of 2007, we did very much what we've been 
talking about for the last couple of quarters is to try to really leverage our customer relationships and proactively sell 
during this transition in the marketplace; take advantage of improved margins during the transition of supply and 
demand; and leverage our network of people investments, which are all things that we believe we did pretty effectively 
during the first quarter of 2007. 

Moving to comments kind of by mode or service line, first with North American truckload, which is around 75% of our 
net revenue and profitability, first quarter of 2007 over 2006, we experienced relatively flat pricing both from a rate and 
fuel standpoint compared to the first quarter of 2006. That's a fairly general statement. As always, there's variances by 
lane and different types of services, but in aggregate, it was relatively flat. 


Both our gross revenues and our volume comparisons of first quarter were up around 7 or 8% on the North American 
truckload. We believe that most of that volume was from expanding market share as we sell to our customers and try to 
help them adapt to the changes in the marketplace. 

The remainder of our net revenue growth, which was 17% in the truckload sector in the first quarter, was from margin 
improvement due to the changes in the cost of hire from sourcing of truckload services that we acquire. 

On the intermodal mode, our net revenues were up 18%. Again, we've been talking for several quarters about the 
transition in the marketplace, and how we've worked hard with our rail partners to realign the types of freight that get 
put on the rail. Most of the intermodal freight that we deal with is multi-modal freight that has options of truck or rail 
routing, and we continued to improve the mix of freight to improve the yield for both the rail partners and us on the 
freight that we've put there. 

Also in looking at our business, we did find that in the first quarter of '07, the length of haul extended compared to the 
first quarter of 2006 in the mix of freight that we provided to the railroads. That longer haul gives us greater margin 
opportunity. 

From a global forwarding standpoint, 16% net revenue increase. That was driven by volume growth in the lower 
double-digits, so pretty close to the volume growth and net revenue growth. And really what we continue to do is just 
build our network. We've done a number of small acquisitions over the last couple of years that we're working hard to 
integrate in from a process standpoint and just continue to integrate into our domestic services and build the global 
network. 

On the sourcing line item, we've talked in the past, and again in the first quarter of 2007, our results were affected 
somewhat by weather related. In the sourcing, it's the business – it's the buying and selling of fresh fruits and 
vegetables that most often we also provide transportation services with. 

During the first quarter of 2007, there were some freezes that affected the citrus crops as well as heavy rains and 
flooding that affected some of the row crops. In general, those weather events tend to lessen the supply of the product, 
which means that the price goes up for the remaining part. But we also experienced some gross margin declines, so our 
net revenue did not grow as fast as the gross revenue. So we try to work with our customers during those periods of 
transition to provide service as continuous as possible, but it does have an impact on our gross and net revenues. 

Our net revenues for the sourcing business grew 7%, and overall, despite the weather transitions, we felt it was a pretty 
normal quarter for us in terms of growth expectations. On the Information Services line item, T-Chek's net revenues 
were up 8.4%. Again, that is a fairly normal expectation for us in terms of the growth ranges and plans that we have. 

That business is slightly exposed to volume growth due to the overall demand and activity of truckload services in the 
marketplace, as they earn transaction fees on principally truckload over the road shipments. So that was probably a 
little bit on the low end of growth just because of the lower growth of truckload transactions in the marketplace for the 
quarter. 

Shifting then to the personnel line item, just a couple of the relevant metrics that we track, overall head count at the end 
of the first quarter was 6,834. That represents a 14% year-over-year increase. Our total personnel costs for the quarter 
were up 11.4%. You look at our head count increase, compared to year-end it was up 1%, so that 6,834 compared to 
our year-end number of 6,768 was a 1% increase. 

So we did, as we discussed around year end, slow the rate of growth in terms of adding people into our network and 
managed our personnel costs a little bit more aggressively with this truckload environment. But we did have an 11% 
overall increase, and we do work hard to continue to invest in our network and our people. 

The challenge for us is as we've grown a lot the last several years and added a lot of people to our network to allow 
many of those employees to grow and mature and become more productive and take advantage of the investments 
we've made in the past but at the same time continue to invest for the future. We've talked about adding five to seven 
new branches during 2007. We did not add any during the first quarter of 2007, but we do still expect five to seven new 
offices as we get into spring and the school season ends and a lot of our new hires will come in. And we also have 
flowed into a pattern where we tend to open our newer offices several at a time just because it's easier to manage the 
personnel transitions. 


So even though our investment and growth in head count and new offices for the quarter was on the low end, we do 
plan to continue to invest during 2007, as we feel that's an important part of the long-term strategy. 

The last prepared comment I have for you is just to point out, if you didn't notice on the cash flow statements, that we 
did have a fairly meaningful increase into the share repurchase activity for the quarter. We've mentioned before that 
when you look at our accumulating cash balances, we do remain aggressively looking for acquisition opportunities in 
the marketplace and do hope to continue to do those, but we are also sensitive to our balance sheet position and not 
accumulating too high of a level of resources if we don't have an immediate planned use for them. So we said that if we 
were not successful with acquisitions using up some of the capital during the year that we would increase the share 
repurchase activity, and, in fact, that's what you've seen in the first quarter of 2007 

Those are the end of my prepared comments, and with that, we'll turn it over to questions 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] 

Our first question comes from Ed Wolfe from Bear Stearns. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: Hey. Thanks. Good morning, John. Good morning, Chad. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Morning. 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: Can you talk a little bit about – you said that truckload pricing was flat. If we look at your yield, 
truck curve improved 200 basis points, so is the implication that you're getting flat from your customer but in the 
marketplace overall you're seeing less than that? Is that how we think about that? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: Yeah, our overall pricing was relatively flat to our customers, and our yield did expand, so 
we are getting slightly lower cost of hire than we were last year's first quarter. But we don't disclose our exact truck 
margin, so you're looking at overall transportation. But it is true that the truck yield did expand. 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: How do we think about that going forward? Is it your sense that as bids start – which are just starting 
to come up, come in that the truck pricing market is – price is coming down, flat, going up? How do you see that going 
forward as you look at it right now? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: You know, Ed, it really varies customer by customer. It depends upon how aggressively they've 
been managing their transportation costs in the past, so you see some customers who are looking pretty aggressively to 
try to save money and get reduced rates during this period of transition. You see others who have had service failures 
and have tried to have been more aggressive in limiting some of the past increases, who maybe just want to have flat 
costs but try to improve service levels going forward. And as the market changes off, there's a lot of different ways that 
you can manage your freight, and we – our job is to try to understand what that shipper's plan is and work with them to 
try to execute it. 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: Are you seeing any signs of any underlying capacity leaving the market in a greater way than you've 
seen over the last six months? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: We have not. Again, just to remind you, though, we are constantly looking to sign up new 
capacity, which we continued to do during the first quarter of 2007, mostly the medium and smaller carriers that we're 
qualifying and putting into our network. And then if we don't utilize them for a 12-month period of time, we drop them 
off of our qualified carrier list. So for us, we're not sort of real-time monitoring the churn, and when carriers stop 
hauling for us, we don't know if it's because they went out of business or just choose not to do business with us. So I 
don't think we're a great gauge of kind of real-time metrics on whether people are dropping out or not. 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: I'm guessing you're not having trouble finding the capacity then. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: No, capacity obviously was more available this quarter than the past several. 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: In your personnel expense line item, which improved quite a bit, you made the comment that you 
grew at a lesser pace, so that impacted compensation. Is there anything here that's not ongoing as we think about what 


you're doing on the expense line items? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: The formulas are obviously all consistent, and we have a variety of different incentive and 
compensation programs. But there are cash-based growth pools and our restricted stock vesting, which I think is laid 
out in reasonable detail in our public documents that talk about how it is calculated based off of growth. 

So last year first quarter, we had tremendous growth and corresponding a lot of expense in those various incentives 
programs. So the programs stay in place, but our growth rate did tail off during the year last year, and we don't know 
what will happen this year. So from a comparison standpoint, the programs will stay in place, but it's not certain that 
that level of improvement would stay in place. 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: Right, because last year's first quarter, we had our highest growth and earnings of any other 
quarter, so the magnitude of the improvement might not be the same going forward. 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: I model you actually grew more at least on earnings in the second quarter than the first, but it's pretty 
close. There's a $9-million acquisition expense paid on your cash flow. Is that carryover from pre-own, or is there 
something else here like an earn out or something? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: That's an earn-out payment on food source. 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: Are there any more earn outs left, food source or anywhere else? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: There is one more earn out payment on food source, and then there's some holdbacks on 
other deals that there's contingencies that have to be met 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: And are they capped? I mean is the – could there be a big number here, or this is kind of as big as we 
will see? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: The food source earn out is a calculation based on earnings. And that one, there is a cap in 
place, but the amount is undetermined. The other ones are specific dollar amounts. 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: And the other food sources this year, what's the timing of it? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: It'll be next year about the same time, so in the first quarter. 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: Thanks. I'll let someone else have it. Thanks a lot for the time. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Flower from Banc of America Securities. 

<Q - Scott Flower>: Yeah, good morning, all. Just wanted to get a sense, I know you obviously discussed market share 
gain. Is there any commonality in the customers where you're gaining share either by size or product line or by their 
industry verticals? I'm just wondering when you look at your customer base, and you're having success in what is a 
more fallow market where it's like shooting up to the barrel for some of these guys with truckload, but you are solving 
particular problems, what's the commonality in where and why you're gaining market share if there are any reasons? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Scott, I would say almost more the opposite that we sort of pride ourselves in trying to be helpful 
in any way possible. The reason why we keep opening offices and expanding the local geographic network is because 
we do go very aggressively after local transactional, medium, and small-type customers. We also work with medium 
and larger customers that are kind of a core carrier where we're aggregating a lot of capacity and providing services to 
them. And we're working on the very high end with very sophisticated shippers to find niches that aren't in their core 
competency or to help with our systems and earn management fees and process manage. So we're trying very hard 
across the board to get in and help however we can, based upon that business model. So I think it's more not trying to 
target certain areas, and we're – I'm certainly not aware of any calculated industry or size of company or approach 
where we've had disproportionate success. It's more kind of across the board trying to utilize our network to find a way 
to help. 

<Q - Scott Flower>: Okay, and then – and again, maybe this has changed, and I just have not really followed this as 
carefully. But in the past in the intermodal, you had been much more successful with [inaudible] with somewhat shorter 
length of haul intermodal, and I know a lot of your freight is multimodal. Is that changing where you're getting the 


longer haul? Does that presuppose, then, that you're getting more Western business? I'm just wondering, because as I 
recall in the past, it was more shorter haul and more geared toward the Eastern where you could do more value added 
work. Where it is little bit more difficult to make the model work, and now it seems like your length of haul is getting 
larger, so I'm trying to understand what's transitioning there. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: I think historically, as I mentioned, since we're more in the multimodal freight where it is 
typically more truck rail competitive than perhaps some of the heavier freight or the longer haul international freight, 
that our business in the intermodal side would have historically more aligned with shorter haul east coast kind of 
mirroring the truck lanes. And I do believe that service changes and lane elimination on some of those east coast 
railroads and us working hard to penetrate some of the longer haul west coast rate probably has some impact on that. 

So it really – as the railroads change their pricing and change their service offerings, we'll move with it and try to make 
sure that the freight we're presenting to them is the right sort of mix. So we did see a little bit of mix shift there, but it's 
probably more due to the evolution of our participation in the freight and what we are going after 

<Q - Scott Flower>: Okay. That's all for me. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Jon Langenfeld from Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Jon Langenfeld>: Good morning. Could you talk about the contracting period here? A lot of freight up for bid, 
and just wondering if C.H. Robinson is differing or altering their approach at all to how they're addressing these 
contractual bids? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: We are not altering. We're doing essentially what we've been doing for a number of years. Bid 
cycles on shippers have always varied. It depends upon what's happening in the market and how happy or unhappy or 
opportunistic they're trying to be. There's no question that there has been a lot of bid activity thus far in 2007, and we're 
doing what we always do, which is to understand the customer expectations in terms of length of commitment and 
service. And obviously, what – like I described earlier, what you're seeing in this period of time is a variety of 
approaches, some people who are trying to stop the escalation of costs and just lock in at very reliable high service 
parameters. Others who feel like maybe the past few years have been unfair to them in terms of price increases or 
exposure to the market are trying to rein some of that back in. 

And we can work in any of those categories. If there are opportunities in certain lanes or certain areas to reduce costs, 
we'll certainly participate in that. If the customer's looking for a firm year-round commitment, we'll sign up for that just 
like we always have. We and they obviously have the standard contracts around market movement and volume 
expectations and different things that, as we've talked a number of times over the past few years, even when both sides 
have long-term, firm expectations, market movements and volume fluctuations can cause things to differ. 

So there is a lot of activity in the marketplace, but I would describe our approach in interacting with it as very 
consistent to what we've tried to do in the past. 

<Q - Jon Langenfeld>: Okay, and have you seen more customers request a longer contract period? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: No, one-year contracts are fairly customary, and I think that's what most of the bids that we've 
been participating in – and even then, within year-long contracts there's quite a wide variance of expectations in terms 
of defining what the commitment to haul is, whether you must take a certain percentage of the loads or whether either 
side can cancel on 30-days notice and all those sorts of variation. So there is no one flavor or one contract or one 
approach that prevails. 

<Q - Jon Langenfeld>: Okay. All right, that makes sense. I mean do you have – do you track your success rate on the 
bid process? And if so, I mean is there any reason to think you would do better or worse on a percentage basis this year 
versus previous years? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: We do track bids and results, but it's in categories, whether or not our national sales or corporate 
group is participating versus the separate branch. We really don't aggregate those or have anything 


<Q - Jon Langenfeld>: Okay. 


<A - John Wiehoff>: -- meaningful that I'm aware of or that we can share in terms of kind of what in aggregate that 
overall success rate looks like. 

One of the things that we've talked about a lot the last few years with all the transition in the marketplace with prices 
rising and it being a very difficult market, that a lot of our relationships were strained. And what we've been trying to 
emphasis the last few years is to build trust and build relationships, and ideally, we've built credibility over the last few 
years that we can be a helpful part of a solution or on entire solution for whatever different opportunities are out there. 
But those relationships and those service levels get tested every single day, so you're only as good as yesterday's 
performance. 

But we'll keep working hard on that, but there is no clear metric or way to measure it down the success. And even if 
there were, that wouldn't necessarily assure that it was going to carry on for the rest of the year. 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: Right, plus when we are bidding on freight, we are usually bidding on many different lanes. 
And we may win some lanes and not others, so it's hard to measure what's a win and what isn't. 

<Q - Jon Langenfeld>: I got you. I mean because I'm wondering when I look at all this bid up for – all this activity up 
for bid, the asset-based players, they're obviously constrained by their asset base, whereas you are not. So it seems like 
the added amount of bids taking place would position you to potentially take a greater volume, maybe not a greater win 
rate but just a greater volume of the activity. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: I don't think when there's still roughly the same amount of capacity and providers and shippers, I 
mean volumes are slowing down, but I don't think that when the shipping community decides cumulatively to sort of 
bid a lot or try to re-price a greater percentage of the freight that it necessarily changes the competitive dynamics for 
anybody. I think of it as more a window of time when they're readdressing prices and service expectations and past 
performance and relationships. 

And so when they reset their route guides and their pricing and their expectations based upon those bids, it's often the 
next step in their freight management of how they perceive the marketplace and what's going to make sense as opposed 
to anybody on the provider side having any new or different limitations in terms of what they can do. 

<Q - Jon Langenfeld>: Okay, makes sense. Thanks for the commentary. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Justin Yagerman from Wachovia Securities 

<Q - Justin Yagerman>: Hey, John. Hey, Chad. How are you? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Good. 

<Q - Justin Yagerman>: I guess I just first off would like to see if guys have any comments as we're standing out 
towards the end of April here on the health of the overall environment, if you're hearing anything from your carriers or 
customers about directionally how they see things going heading into the summer and what I guess trends have looked 
like going from March to April in terms of volumes coming through your network. 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: We don't comment on anything past the end of the first quarter is kind of our standard 
process. Occasionally when the whole month is done, like January, if we're releasing in February, occasionally, we'll 
talk about the first month in the quarter, but as a general practice, we don't talk anything beyond the end of the quarter 
we're releasing. 

<Q - Justin Yagerman>: I guess that is a novice error on my part. In terms of difference in gross profit growth 
year-over-year in ocean and air, can you comment on what's driving that, and how we should expect that to trend here? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: The primary thing in our global forwarding business is that we're still relatively small player in 
that, and we have growth expectations. And we're building out the network, but we have somewhere around 15 or 20 
customer relationships that are a high percentage of our global forwarding business. So what happens is when their 
activity grows or contracts on either of those modes, we see uneven fluctuations by them. 

On the big picture, though, if you go back several years ago, we were primarily an ocean shipper, and a lot of our 
internal emphasis both through some of the smaller acquisitions and by starting up new programs has been to increase 


our air competency to where we have approximately equal net revenues in ocean and air today. And we did have some 
success in building some of those air freight lanes and relationships with the providers that provided pretty nice growth, 
and the ocean volume was just a function of slower growth in those larger customer connections and no significant new 
wins quarter-over-quarter on ocean volume compared to a year ago. 

So as we've said in the past, as we build that network and continue to invest in it, we do expect the results to be a little 
lumpier just in terms of how and when the business comes, but overall, it was kind of what we hope for the long-term 
in terms of growth expectations. 

<Q - Justin Yagerman>: Okay, and then I guess looking at the intermodal piece of your business, do you have a 
breakdown of what moves on containers and what moves on trailer on flatcar within the business? And then I guess just 
a comment on rail rates and the success of passing those through. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: We do not have the breakdown. I know our intermodal group does some tracking around that, 
but it's not a metric that we've ever published or cleaned up, so I don't have those numbers to share with you. And in 
terms of passing along the price increases, what we did is what we always do, which is to take those service parameters 
and pricing that the rails make available and try to expose it to our customer base where it make sense. 

So the fact that our volume was flattish and there was some mix movement is reflective to me as a fact that we were 
successful in some instances adding value relative to truck prices in some lanes, but obviously, some other business 
went away, and overall, the net activity was flat. So some yes, some no, a lot of change in the marketplace to make sure 
that the right freight is going on the right provider. 

<Q - Justin Yagerman>: Okay. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes Alex Brand from Stephens. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Kevin Sterling>: Good morning, John and Chad. This actually Kevin Sterling called in for Alex. Real quick 
could you guys maybe walk us through the quarter month-by-month in kind of how truck volume I guess progressed 
from January through to March? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: It really depends on if you look at on per business day basis or a monthly basis. But there 
was relatively consistent volumes for the first volume growth – for the first two months of the quarter, and then it 
picked up a little bit in March. 

<Q - Kevin Sterling>: Thanks, Chad. And one last question because most of mine have been answered, with the 
excess truck capacity out there in the marketplace, are you guys seeing a shift at all from intermodal to truck, or has it 
remained fairly stable? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: I guess the best answer there is that when the supply side moves like it has in terms of pricing 
and availability, you see a lot of shifting. So we have seen both situations where in some instances rail is a better 
opportunity to improve the economics and service, and in another instances there have been some freight that's moved 
back to truck. So, yes, we've seen activity both ways depending upon what just makes sense in terms of aligning the 
freight to the best provider. 

<Q - Kevin Sterling>: Okay, thanks for that color. And great quarter, guys, and thanks for your time this morning. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Tom Wadewitz from J.P. Morgan. 

<Q - Thomas Wadewitz>: Good morning. Let's see. And on the head count side, you had made some comments. I 
wanted to see if you could give a little further perspective on when you think you might ramp up the head count again 
and if there is a very tight relationship that we should think about between your ability to grow the gross revenue or 
grow the volumes underneath that. And if you don't add head count for a couple quarters, then should we just be a little 


more muted in the gross revenue growth expectation? Just a few more thoughts on how that relationship works. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: The first important point to reemphasize is that the way we manage personnel across our network 
is that the hiring decisions are really made locally by each of the managers across the network based upon their 
knowledge of customer commitments and growth and kind of productivity expectations. So we do not make top-down 
decisions about how and when we're going to add resources. We supervise and consult and share and intervene where 
necessary if something looks out of line, but for the most part, what you see in the first quarter of 2007 is really the 
reflection of what our network is telling us that the volume demands, and therefore, the overall need for people has 
slowed. 

What happens the remainder of 2007? We will again work to try to mirror the marketplace and stay flexible and move 
with that, so when the year is over, I think you'll be able to draw conclusions about our staffing levels and kind of how 
it correlated with the market, because we're pretty disciplined around those metrics, but we really can't predetermine or 
guide for you what we think is going to happen the remainder of the year. We're prepared to invest and add people and 
ramp up if the marketplace requires it. If the economy picks up, and volumes accelerate during the remainder of the 
year, we're ready to react to that. 

We've talked before about the long-term growth strategy of new geographies and new offices and most importantly, 
developing and promoting a new manager to kind of grow into that marketplace. That's a long-term investment that 
doesn't require a lot of absolute heads, because we start with fairly small offices. And we will certainly continue that 
regardless of the environment for the remainder of 2007, but that metric only would affect the number of branch 
openings. It really doesn't drive any meaningful change to the total head count. 

<Q - Thomas Wadewitz>: What's the typical – what's the appropriate time lag to think of in terms of you add a certain 
amount of head count in a given quarter? Do you have to wait really six months to see that head count productive in 
driving gross revenue growth, or is it shorter or longer than that? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: It depends upon, and each office can be different. So depending upon where they're at in their 
customer cycle, at times you can have a relationship where you've taken on a lot of new business, and you're trying to 
staff up for it, and you're sort of short on people, and feel – based upon typical productivity metrics. And you're trying 
catch up, and which a lot of the last three-years, there were times where many of our offices were going through that, 
and then at other times, you may have added a lot of talent, and you have a lot of capacity, and when freight volumes 
slow, then you can take some of those more experienced people and get them out selling and trying to find new 
opportunities in a more aggressive way. 

If you work on a contract bid, and you know that there's a lot more freight coming, occasionally an office will staff up 
in expectation of that business coming. So there really is no way for us to aggregate exactly whether we're behind the 
curve, ahead of the curve or right down the middle, because it is truly a decentralized approach and metric. 

<Q - Thomas Wadewitz>: Okay, and then looking at the gross margin expansion in transportation, I think historically, 
if you look at some other softer periods of truckload markets, you've been able to sustain that gross margin expansion 
for four or five quarters at a time. It hasn't typically been a one or two-quarter phenomenon. Is that a fair read of 
historical performance? And then I guess if you look at today's market, to the extent you're willing to comment, does 
today's market feel meaningfully different maybe than historical periods when demand was soft? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: The biggest thing that we've been commenting a lot over the last couple of years is that if you 
look at our business from a historical standpoint, the last several quarters we have behaved relatively consistent with 
that history in terms of margin expansion and volume tradeoff. The thing that was difficult to understand going back six 
to nine months ago was we were coming off of unprecedented price increases in the truckload sector since kind of 
literally almost back to deregulation. So with those kind of price increases, we weren't certain if when the volume or 
demand eventually slowed down, exactly how our margins and pricing and stuff would react. 

So my summation of the last three quarters would be that we have, in fact, reacted fairly consistent to what our history 
has been kind of going through these parts of the cycle. With regards to how long they last, I don't think that's as much 
a Robinson thing as it is a marketplace phenomena as to how long the freight stays slower or when does it fire back up. 
So I mean if the freight volumes continue to soften quarter-over-quarter, at some point obviously margin expansion 
doesn't work forever, and even as we get into the end of 2007, we'll be comparing to pretty favorable margins from a 
year ago. 


So it's really difficult and always has been difficult to predict how long they last or how long we'll sort of compare 
favorably quarter-over-quarter. That really is more driven by what the marketplace dictates rather than anything we can 
manage. 

<Q - Thomas Wadewitz>: Okay, great. I appreciate that perspective and congratulations on really impressive results. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Hoexter from Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Ken Hoexter>: Hi. Good morning. Just wanted to ask on the slower transportation or truck, I guess, gross 
revenue's obviously a little slower because of the economy. But you noted that margins had widened in particular on 
the truck side. Can you kind of compare and contrast here, because it seems like you're getting decent pricing, yet 
there's a lot more capacity available? I just want to understand the dynamics of how you're able to continue to get that 
pricing or at least I think you noted on the – it might had even be flat while margins are still expanding or capacity's 
loosening. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: I think from what we can gather, the fact that we always believe that our pricing to our customers 
is fairly consistent with market data. And from what we can gather, flat pricing in aggregate really is pretty consistent 
to the market in terms of what shippers are being charged and experiencing quarter-over-quarter. So for us in looking at 
it, what it's really reflective of is the fact that since there was more ample supply of capacity first quarter of '07 over 
'06, our cost of hire was less, which is what drove to the margin improvement. But I don't think we're doing anything 
unique on the shipper pricing side or sustaining contracts in any different sort of way. It really is just the timing of 
supply and demand and the buy-sell that we manage. 

<Q - Ken Hoexter>: Okay, and a lot of questions on the personnel and growth on the personnel side, but SG&A on a 
per employee basis was also down pretty significantly. Are there – and I guess it's been running at a negative rate for 
six quarters now. Is there any programs in place to continue to pull costs out, or is that just your revenues just 
continuing to grow at a much faster pace than your increasing costs? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: It's really just our revenues continuing to grow. There are portions within SG&A that are more 
fixed. They tend to grow but not as fast as the business does Things like rent and other things like that tend to always 
grow as the business grows, but not quite as fast. 

<Q - Ken Hoexter>: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks a lot for the time. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from David Campbell from Thompson, Davis, & Co. 

<Q - David Campbell>: Yeah, hi. I hear a lot about slowing economy and slowing economic growth and less business 
activity and dah-dah-dah-dah-dah from a number of companies, but then I look at your gross revenues, and they were 
up much better in the fourth quarter – I mean in the first quarter than they were the fourth quarter. And I – can you 
explain any of the reasons why? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Our best estimate of that like we said earlier, David, would really be driven by flat volume 
activity and – I'm sorry – flat pricing activity. But the volume and revenue increases coming from what we believe is 
taking market share by expanding our relationships. 

But we would certainly echo a lot of what others have been saying in the marketplace that the last several quarters, the 
growth rate and demand for truckload transportation services has certainly tapered off. But we have always felt and 
continue to try to execute that we can grow relationships and grow volume and expand our network even if the market 
is flattening out. 

<Q - David Campbell>: So you think that was more – probably there was more pressure on pricing in the fourth 
quarter than there was the first quarter? 


<A - John Wiehoff>: Yeah, I mean there's always seasonal differences around hurricane comparisons and different 
things. So it's hard to know for sure, but I think the pricing being flat kind of quarter-over-quarter was not terribly 
different than fourth quarter over fourth quarter. But clearly both fourth quarter of last year and first quarter of this year 
are different than if you were to go back a year or two ago where we were seeing double-digit price increases and 
meaningful shortages of capacity in a lot of areas. 

<Q - David Campbell>: Right, right. Can you tell us anything about your transactional or spot business versus your 
contractual business in the first quarter? How did – did that change in terms of percentages? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Nothing meaningful. Again, those categories are all sort of subjective, and we think of it as more 
of a continuum. So as a number of people have stated, and we would certainly second it, that there was a lot of bid 
activity on more contractual or committed activity. But most of that is rebidding previously contracted or committed 
activity, so it really doesn't shift the overall metrics around. 

<Q - David Campbell>: Okay. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Obviously whenever you talk about the spot market, one of the kind of primary metrics that 
everybody will look at is how much freight goes moved at the end of every business – goes unmoved at the end of 
every business day if somebody had a desire to ship it, and there just wasn't capacity. And obviously for the last several 
quarters, with supply and capacity being more available, there is far less freight that doesn't move or has to wait a few 
more days to move. 

That's a difficult metric to be precise about, because expectations and ship dates and plan dates move all over the place. 
But there's no doubt one of the ways that you can test the temperature of the market is the fact that most of the 
transactional freight that people have is generally moving on the day they wanted to move. 

<Q - David Campbell>: Yes, right. And a last question is you did acquire a flatbed company – and I forgot the name – 
last May. How is – is it – but you said there wasn't any significant impact on revenues from acquisitions. Is that 
understating the impact of that, or what would you mean? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: I carefully selected the term of "no financially material acquisitions" during 2006. The Sartell 
flatbed acquisition was very important to us in terms of our flatbed capabilities and how we've been growing the 
business, but it was less than 1% of the truckload net revenues. So from the standpoint of looking at comparisons and 
growth rates and percentages, with or without that acquisition, the messages and the numbers would all be the same, 
relatively constant in terms of their explanations. 

<Q - David Campbell>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Adam Thalhimer from BB&T Capital Markets. 

<Q - Adam Thalhimer>: Thanks. Good morning, guys, just a couple quick questions here. First of all, how do view 
your relationship with your carrier partners? And I'm just wondering as they're accepting lower payouts, are they upset 
by that, or are they just happy to have freight? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Carrier relationships to us are similar to shipper relationships in that we have tens or thousands 
of them, and they vary significantly. So we have carrier partners that we work with on a more dedicated basis where 
we'll continue to provide a year-round contracted rate for them. And we have many thousands of carriers that we 
interact with on a transactional basis on sort of the daily market price. So obviously, people generally like to make 
more if they can, and so I'm sure there's some capacity out there that was disappointed with a certain rate on a certain 
day or would like to have more. 

But when we manage those carrier relationships, and we think sort of about them in aggregate very much like we 
would describe on the customer side, the goal is to have meaningful business reviews and relationships with them to 
understand where they want committed or dedicated capacity and service expectations and therefore pricing. And if 
not, if it's a more fluid transactional-type relationship, then it is what it is, and their experience is just going to be 
reflective of what the marketplace gives them, not necessarily what C.H Robinson offers them. So if they end up 
getting upset with our price or two here or there, the conversation will very quickly move towards what type of a 


relationship they have with the market and what they have with us, and we'll try to move it to match their expectations 
better. 

<Q - Adam Thalhimer>: Okay, and then as people think through what would happen if – I guess the question would 
really be if the pricing that you're getting from shippers starts to move into negative territory as we – if the environment 
stays soft, I mean could the pricing that you pay out continue to move into further negative territories that you maintain 
in that spread? It sounds like from what you're saying or what you said on this conference call that that's a possibility. I 
mean you don't really precisely know what will happen, but you might be able to maintain that spread for longer than 
you're suggesting. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: It's driven by supply and demand. I mean it would depend upon the overall supply of capacity. I 
mean it's pretty basic stuff. If you have a load to move, and there's 10 different trucks who would all like to have it, the 
pricing dynamics are very different than if you have three shipments to move, and there's only one truck that's 
available. So what happens on the buy side and the sell side gets down to pretty basic supply-and-demand economics of 

– and then each capacity provider has different dynamics and metrics that they use in terms of assessing what they'll do 
any given shipment for. 
If you have a very dedicated network with a lot of head haul commitments, and you have to reposition capacity, you're 
going to be moving that equipment empty or with any amount of revenue on it. So sometimes one provider will go 
significantly less in the rate that they'll offer on a true backhaul lane, because they have to move the equipment 
anyway. So it's a function of how many trucks are there in the marketplace, what's their economic model, what does the 
commitment look like. 

So, yeah, it is really difficult to determine. But if you look at it on a longer-term basis, obviously if prices continue to 
decline – what we said the last few years is that when prices continue to raise or increase, in general, it's provided us 
opportunity to have a consistent gross margin percentage and therefore better net revenue increases. If over time, prices 
continue to decline, we would certainly work in the market to take advantage of whatever capacity was available and 
try to maintain those margins. But there's no doubt that over time, sustained price decreases would probably have a 
negative effect just like sustained price increases were positive. 

<Q - Adam Thalhimer>: Okay, that's fair. And then finally, just you mentioned that you kicked up the share buybacks 
a little bit. Can you just remind us what your authorization is? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: Excuse me. At the beginning of the year, there was about three million shares left on our 
authorization, and so we have – at this current pace, we have about another four or five quarters worth out on our 
authorization. 

<Q - Adam Thalhimer>: Great. Thanks for the time. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from John Larkin from Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - John Larkin>: Yes, good morning and thank you for taking my questions. Just had one related to some of the 
competitors out in the marketplace that seem to be either starting up truck brokerage capability – I know that FedEx, 
for example, just made a fairly big splash by announcing that they are starting a truck brokerage – whether you are 
actually losing some employees to these companies that are getting into truck brokerage, number 1. And number 2, as 
you backfill any of those positions with perhaps younger people and take your head count up 14%, whether having sort 
of a larger percentage of your employees coming from recent hirers, whether that isn't part the secret to your operating 
margin improvement? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Looking at kind of our head count, personnel, turnover, metrics, all of those seem relatively 
normal for the quarter, so we have always in the last 10 or 20 years I guess periodically lost people to competitors or 
startups or go out on their own. There was no unusual or different movement in that. 

I would say in aggregate, if anything, the level of new truck brokerage competitors has probably tapered off a little bit 
in the last few quarters rather than – because most of the competitors come from small startups in local marketplaces. 
The larger public companies that periodically announce it or go in and out of it really, at least historically, haven't been 
as longer-term factor in it. So our personnel metrics really remain pretty constant with the past 


<A - Chad Lindbloom>: And our variable comp plans are the – if not the complete difference, pretty close to the 
complete difference. You can even see – if you look at the cash flow statement, you can see what the equity-based 
charges were, and if you calculate those as a percentage of net revenue, you'll see that that made up about 1.6% on a 
2.2% total difference. 

<Q - John Larkin>: I see. That's very helpful. And then are the majority of the people you're adding in to grow the 
business, are they people that are unfamiliar with the business in general that you can bring into the operation and train 
the C.H. Robinson way? Or are these perhaps small brokers that are finding that they can't compete on their own and 
decide to more or less affiliate with your stronger, more multi-disciplinary platform? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: Our hiring approach has stayed consistent with the last 20 years, which is hiring 
inexperienced people generally right out of college and training them the way we like to. 

<Q - John Larkin>: Okay, that's very helpful. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our final question comes from Scott Flower. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Scott Flower>: Yeah, I just had a couple of quick follow-ups. I know we talked a little bit about market share, but 
one of your other goals was over time to gain market share within your carriers on the capacity side. And I'm just 
wondering how is that process working in terms of solving their problems and becoming a bigger share of actually their 
volumes and otherwise. How is that side of the market share equation working? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: We've put a lot of energy the last several years into what we called our carrier management 
programs, which I hinted towards briefly, which is really trying to make sure that we're having the same depth of 
dialogue with the capacity side that we are with the shippers in terms of understanding their network and their pricing 
expectations and hopes. And we feel overall like we've made pretty good progress in developing and expanding those 
relationships. 

One of the challenging dynamics in managing those carrier relationships I referred to earlier is that because carriers 
managed their network differently, especially larger carriers versus smaller carriers, when the market moves like this, 
you can see pretty dramatic variances in terms of how different sized carriers or different managed carriers will adjust 
to their pricing, because they have different routing dynamics in terms of whether they have to or don't have to 
reposition equipment. So one of the challenges that we have to manage through is making sure that we fulfill the carrier 
commitments and relationships that we have even when prices are moving pretty dramatically in the marketplace like 
they have the last couple of quarters. 

<Q - Scott Flower>: Okay. Thanks very much. 

Angie Freeman, Director of Investor Relations 

Thank you for participating in our first quarter 2007 conference call. This call will be available for replay in the 
Investor Relations section of our website at www.chrobinson.com. It will also be available by dialing 800-405-2236 
and entering the pass code, 11087430#. A replay will be available at approximately 2 P.M. Eastern time today. 

If you have any more questions about our first quarter results, please call me, Angie Freeman, at 952-937-7847. Thank 
you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the C.H. Robinson First Quarter 2007 Conference Call. You may 
now disconnect. Thank you for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 


and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


