Q2 2007 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Angie Freeman, Investor Relations 
• John P. Wiehoff, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
• Chad M. Lindbloom, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by and welcome to the C.H. Robinson Second Quarter 
2007 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Angie Freeman, C.H. 
Robinson Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead Miss Freeman. 

Angie Freeman, Investor Relations 

Thank you. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, CEO, and Chad Lindbloom, Vice President and CFO. John and 
Chad will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our second quarter performance and we will follow 
that with a question-and-answer session. I would like to remind you that comments made by John, Chad or others 
representing C.H. Robinson may continue forward-looking statements, which are subject to risk and uncertainties. Our 
SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's 
expectations. 

With that, I'll turn the call over to John. 

John P. Wiehoff, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

Thank you, Angie. A little while ago, we released our second quarter earnings. I want to start by highlighting a few of 
the key metrics on there that we focus at. Gross revenues increased 10.5% to 1.8 billion for the quarter. Net revenues 
increased 14.9% to 310 million. Our income from operations increased 25% to 130 million. And our diluted EPS of 47 
cents was 23% higher than the second quarter of 2006. 

Our results for the second quarter represent principally organic growth. We achieved our long-term growth target of 
15% in most of our key metrics and acquisitions did not contribute materially to any of the revenue growth for any 
service line. These results were driven by our core strategy of hiring good people, selling, executing and building out 
our network of relationships. 

Moving on to comments by revenue source, starting with truck transportation, which makes up about 75% of our net 
revenue. Our truck net revenue for the quarter grew at 15.6%. As a reminder, we define truck to include truck and LTL 
in all forms including dry van, refrigerated and flatbed; it also includes Europe truckload and LTL. In our release, we 
stated that our truck transportation growth was driven by increased volumes and an increase in our gross profit margin. 
Pricing on average in the quarter was essentially flat with a year ago. During the second quarter of this year, similar to 
the first quarter, our truck net revenue volume growth was about 7 to 8%, generating about half of our growth, with the 
remainder of truck growth coming from margin improvement. While we did achieve our long-term target growth of 
15% net revenue this quarter, our truck net revenue growth has continued to slow, corresponding to the slowing 
demand growth in the overall market. 


We think it's useful to briefly recap our truck net revenue comments and trends from the past few years to help put this 
quarter and our current views into context. Our primary measurement for truck growth is net revenues. 3 things drive 
growth in those net revenues: first, more truckload transactions or volume; second, price increases; third, gross margin 
percentage. So more volume is a good thing, the more you can charge is a good thing and the higher percentage of that 
margin that we're able to keep based on the buy-sell spread are the 3 things that will drive our growth. 

Our base long-term goal of 15% was set from our historical experience since deregulation. That base goal is driven by 
targeted volume or transaction increases approximating 15%, with modest 1 to 2% price increases and fluctuating gross 
margin percentages. When volume increases are significant, gross margin percentage tends to go down. When the 
freight market softens and volume growth slows, we typically experience expanding gross margins. Prior to 2004, our 
comments were generally focused on transaction volume and margin percentage with little change in prices. During 
2004, 2005 and the first half of 2006, the industry experienced significant price increases. During this period, we 
experienced truck net revenue growth well in excess of our 15% target, driven by double-digit volume growth, 
double-digit price increases and gross margin percentages that were seasonally consistent with historical ranges. 

For the third quarter of 2006 last year, we reported, consistent with others in the industry, that the aggressive growth in 
volume, demand and pricing had slowed. So for the past 4 quarters, we've experienced high single-digit volume growth 
and expanding gross margin percentages driving our growth with generally flat pricing, which brings us back to 2007 
and the key reference points for us analyzing our truck net revenue growth at mid-year 2007. First, we're in a soft truck 
market with weaker growth in demand than the past several years and generally flat pricing. We've grown our 
transaction volume high single-digits in the first 2 quarters of 2007 and we're generally at the high end of our historical 
ranges of gross margin percentages. 

Freight demand, our volumes and pricing and our margin percentages can change quickly, especially in the 
transactional spot market where we have significant exposure. While freight volumes, pricing and our gross profit 
margins will continue to fluctuate, we still believe 15% average net revenue growth is a reasonable long-term goal. 
Similar to the first quarter, we feel very positive about second quarter high single-digit volume growth in a flat-to-down 
market. Our model continues to take market share. On the challenge side, pricing and margin percentage comparisons 
will be much more difficult in the second half of this year. 

Moving on to our other modes and services, in our intermodal business we were able to add some new intermodal 
customers during the quarter. Our net revenue growth of 6.5% was driven by volume increases. 

In the global forwarding business of international air, ocean and customs brokerage services, we were also able to add 
new business and grow our volume and margin. Volume growth and margin expansion drove net revenue in excess of 
25% for global forwarding. During our second quarter, we opened 3 new offices in our global forwarding network and 
continue to build out our team and network in that business. 

Our transportation management business continues to add fee-based volume and add to our transportation net revenue 
growth. 

Our sourcing business continues to grow as well. Weather impacts on certain commodities drove price increases and 
margin compressions. That's typical for that industry, but we continue to expand our presence and scope in the 
perishable supply chain services. 

T-Chek had 5.4% net revenue growth for the quarter. Their growth continues to slow compared to previous years, 
given the current market conditions; however, they were able to add some new accounts during the quarter. 

Looking at operating expenses, we've talked a lot that one of our key goals is to make our business model as much 
variable cost-driven as possible. We spend a lot of time managing the people and the head count across our network. 
We added 162 people in the quarter, about 9% more than a year ago and about 2.5% more than the first quarter. Total 
personnel expenses improved from 47.9% of gross profits to 45.4%. Our variable cost incentive plans are driven by 
growth calculations. Those calculations are consistent with prior years; however, as our growth rate has slowed, so has 
the growth in the expenses related to those plans. We continue to push for productivity and network leverage and we'll 
try to grow our earnings faster than our net revenues. 


The last topic that I'll touch on is early in the third quarter we completed a small acquisition in Los Angeles, called 
LXSI. We're excited about a new location in the network and adding some expertise in domestic air and expedited 
services. These are both third party services that we plan to continue growing. 

That concludes my prepared comments. I'll turn it over to Chad. 

Chad M. Lindbloom, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, John. I'm going to quickly cover 2 different subject areas, both related to cash flow. One is our free cash 
flow and the other share-repurchase activity and the authorization that was mentioned in the press release. 

Our free cash flows for the first half of '07, as you saw, were slightly lower than in '06 for 2 primary reasons: 
fluctuations in working capital and an increased capital expenditures. Working capital fluctuations are primarily made 
up of accounts receivable and accounts payable going up and down. We are comfortable where our receivables and 
payables were as of the end of the quarter. There is – we have been over the last 2 years showing improvements in our 
use of working capital. It's just that there was a greater improvement in the first half of '06 than there was in the first 
half of '07, yet we still did improve it going into '07. 

On the capital expenditures side, the disproportionate growth in CapEx is driven by our new headquarters building. At 
the beginning of the year, we gave guidance that we thought we'd have 45 to 50 million of total CapEx, with about half 
of it being related to the building. We're still comfortable with that range; I think that we'll probably end up in the lower 
half of that range. So far we've had a total of 23.6 million of CapEx, 12.5 million related to the building. So we expect 
to have somewhere between 20 and 24 million more this year in the second half. 

On the share repurchases, as we mentioned in the press release, the board authorized us to purchase an additional – up 
to an additional 10 million shares above and beyond the 1.7 million shares we had left from a previous authorization. 
We expect that these authorizations will last us several years. The amount that we buy, if any, during a period will vary 
based on our cash position, potential uses of cash and market conditions. During the quarter we did repurchase 864,000 
shares and issued about 400,000 shares through option exercises and our employee stock purchase program. 

That concludes our prepared remarks and we'll now open it up for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you Mr. Lindbloom. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we'll begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator 
Instructions] Our first question comes from Justin Yagerman with Wachovia Securities. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Justin Yagerman>: Hey, good afternoon gentlemen and Angie. How are you doing? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Good. 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: Good. 

<Q - Justin Yagerman>: Just my first question, it relates to the hours of service announcement that we had this 
morning. If you could comment a little bit on how that announcement and the changes in the regulations, if they do go 
through, would affect your business and how you see that impacting the marketplace. 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: We did see the announcement. We have not yet had a chance to discuss the impact with 
many of our – really any of our carrier partners, so we'll need to discuss them before we would know for sure. But in 
general, when there have been any changes around regulatory-type things, the first question is will it drive any sort of 
underlying economics or cost changes to the asset providers based upon their productivity or restrictions. And then if 
so, how aggressive and successful will we all be in trying to pass those through to the shippers, who are generally not 


very excited about reasons like that to have to pay more. So, I think what will be happening soon is everybody will be 
crunching their network to see what type of an impact that's going to have. Obviously, working fewer hours would 
generally stir you towards maybe it's going to cost more or you'll have to have more capacity in order to meet the 
similar amount of needs as the past and then we'll – just like a fuel surcharge or anything else, we'll be working to try to 
adjust those costs and pass them through and crack them as best we can. 

<Q - Justin Yagerman>: And in an environment where capacity becomes harder to come by though. I mean, would 
you speculate that your business would benefit from that or is it that the REIT side of that equation becomes a hard 
factor to gauge in terms of figuring that out? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: I think we've learned the last 3 or 4 years that in general, as I suggested in my comments, 
price increases are positive to neutral for us. So if it does escalate cost, I think it will either be a neutral or a potential 
positive for us. As I suggested, from a margin percentage standpoint, over time that tends to equal out. So I'm sure like 
many other costs, over time it'll level out. But anything – in general, anything that causes challenge or change or 
transition gives us an opportunity to try to help both the customers and the carriers and is probably a good thing. 

<Q - Justin Yagerman>: Got it. On this acquisition that you guy made, the LXSI, you mentioned domestic air and 
expedited as the areas that you're targeting. Can you give a little more color around that? Is there any business from the 
US to Asia there? And how do you see that evolving within the general plan in that business? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: Those are both service offerings that we offer today, but they're both very small. And as 
ground transportation services evolve to more time-definite and faster turns, we've just been expanding our carrier 
relationships and our scope of offerings in terms of time-sensitive delivery both by air and by ground. This business in 
Los Angeles has some pure domestic business. It also has some international connected business, where there are 
components of it that are executed on the ground. So the way we think of it is that we're getting another location in the 
network with, we believe, a highly qualified team of people and some service provider relationships that will help us 
grow and expand the offerings in those categories. 

<Q - Justin Yagerman>: Is there ocean exposure there? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: I don't believe so. 

<Q - Justin Yagerman>: And just a question, the tax rate was even year-over-year but down from first quarter. How 
should we be thinking about that tax rate as we go out through the year, Chad? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: The tax rate is in the range of what we've guided people to and expect it to be in the 38 to 
38.5%. It's going to fluctuate based – it's very difficult to predict where we're going to be in that because it'll fluctuate 
based on how many options are exercised. FAS 123R made income tax expense much more volatile than it had been. 

<Q - Justin Yagerman>: So 38 to 38.5 for the rest of the year? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: That's kind of our normal range that we expect, yes. 

<Q - Justin Yagerman>: Got it. And I guess lastly before I turn it over to anyone else, as you looked at the quarter, 
how did you kind of see seasonality playing out throughout? Did you see a normal progression as you went through the 
quarter or was it generally choppy throughout? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: It was... 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: When you look at growth over last year and if you look at it on a per business day basis, it 
was the strongest in April and down a little bit in May and then about – the growth on a revenue per business day was 
relatively consistent in June compared to May. 

<Q - Justin Yagerman>: Not kind of what you would typically think of for a second quarter. 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: Well the May and the June were still growing and if you looked at sequentially, but it didn't 
grow as much as it did over previous year's month. 


<Q - Justin Yagerman>: Got it. 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: So there's still seasonality. 

<Q - Justin Yagerman>: Okay. And I lied, one last one. What did you buy back shares at average price in the quarter? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: Our average price was about – it was 53.28. 

<Q - Justin Yagerman>: I appreciate it. 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: No problem. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Next question comes from Tom Wadewitz of JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Thomas Wadewitz>: Yes, good afternoon. Let's see – wanted to see if you could provide some thoughts on gross 
margins. You mentioned that – I guess in the transportation piece in particular, you mentioned the comps were tougher 
in second half. Is it difficult to see year-over-year improvement given those tougher comps or is that something that's 
still – it's kind of realistic to think that there's some upside from where you were a year ago? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Yeah, there's potential for minor improvement, but within the range of what we would see as 
historical, we're already towards the highs, so there wouldn't be a lot of room. The one thing that I think is relevant 
about that though, is at least historically there's been that relationship between volume growth and margins that when – 
it usually historically has taken accelerated volume growth in order to start moving that margin percentage back 
towards the middle. So in general, our expectation would be that profit margins can stay higher in a soft market and 
you sell and you wait for the market to turn and volume to increase and when that happens you're probably going to 
sacrifice some margins. 

<Q - Thomas Wadewitz>: Right, okay, but – so it's realistic to think that you probably maintain some pretty strong 
margins, maybe a little bit of upside, but the pace of improvement probably slows a bit. On the volume growth side, 
given that it is a pretty soft market, the volume growth is – in transportation – is pretty impressive, how should we think 
of that going forward? Does that get tougher to sustain or can that actually accelerate? I guess it actually accelerated a 
bit in second quarter on a year-to-year basis versus first quarter, so any thoughts on how we think about that going 
forward? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: It's difficult for us to separate brand new customers from existing customers because there's a lot 
of churn in the IDs and – customer IDs and acquisitions or whatever. But our best estimate historically is that when 
we've been growing transaction volume at double-digits, something approaching our long-term goal of 15%, say in the 
12 to 13% range, that there's been an element of that, that is taking market share and getting new customers. And we 
know that we added a lot of new customer IDs in the quarter, just like we believe that we always can. But then at times 
we get a tailwind from the marketplace, where there's growth in the freight and growth in the volumes. And 
particularly, given our spot market capabilities, we think we get a decent share of that growth when the market takes 
off. So in a flat market, we would hope to continue to target this type of growth as taking market share and expanding 
our network and presence. And if the market got worse and started to decline, we could have a greater headwind that it 
would be tougher to take market share and when things pick back up, then we would look to try to grow volume faster. 

<Q - Thomas Wadewitz>: Do you have a sense of what the market looks like, whether there is some signs of 
improvement or does it still seem to be a pretty weak truckload market from a demand perspective? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: It's very difficult to tell. We really don't have any insight into that and it's hard – like we said 
before, when we analyze our business, there's per day, per month, holidays fall on different things, it's very hard for us 
to gain any insight especially even until a month or a quarter kind of progresses a little bit further, which is why we just 
stay away from speculating or trying to anticipate the next quarter. 


<Q - Thomas Wadewitz>: Right, okay, but based on what you saw in second quarter it wasn't; it was still a pretty soft 
market. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: As Chad said, May and June were consistent and down a little from April. 

<Q - Thomas Wadewitz>: Okay. What about your view – maybe I'll end with this last one to give others a chance – 
your view on capacity? Have you started to see some of the more marginal smaller providers go out of business or 
really come under a lot of pressure or has your ability to – the capacity you see in the market, has that remained pretty 
stable? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: There has been some churn in the carrier side of it. What's challenging for us is that we're not 
really on the leading edge of that, we just know those that were working for us who go away, we don't track the 
bankruptcies or anything like that. And even in good times, there's a certain amount of churn in there. So yes, I have 
heard anecdotally about different carriers here and there. We are not able to quantify that in terms of whether it's more 
than a year ago or how much more, but there definitely is a continued churn of some of the capacity. 

<Q - Thomas Wadewitz>: Okay, all right, great. Well thank you for the time, I appreciate it. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Ed Wolfe from Bear Stearns. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: Good afternoon. John, you just talked about the churn of capacity. Is the churn of capacity different 
than it was 6 months ago or 3 months ago? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: It's difficult for us to quantify that, Ed. I just know from visiting our offices and talking to our 
people, hearing some examples of that happening, but it's – we're not really able to quantify it. 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: Do you have concerns about finding capacity into peak season? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: No, no, I think the marketplace – because it's been soft the past several quarters, I think the 
marketplace should be able to react pretty well to whatever evolves in the next several months. 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: Okay. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: It could affect pricing though. Obviously if it tightens up, there's less empty miles, people will 
run further away and it'll affect pricing if it tightens up, but I'm sure the industry will get through the peak. 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: And if it were to tighten up, my guess is what you learned over the 3 years before this year is that, 
that works for you. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: When volumes increase, that – if price – if it drives price increases like it has in the last 3 years, 
that can be helpful for us. There is this trend that's always been there though, that when things tighten and volume picks 
up, margin percentage can – we sometimes have to pay more to take on that extra volume and that can pull the margin 
percentage down. So that phenomena that I tried to describe earlier that's been there from the beginning, works against 
you when volume picks back up, but yes, volume and price increases are good for us. 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: When do you think you'll have a sense whether capacity's tight enough in the peak that there could be 
some pricing? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: It really can move week to week. I mean, it's hard to say and it's seasonal too. Sometimes it will 
start to tighten up in the southeast or the Midwest but not in other places and it's kind of – our offices, we just sit back 
and watch it day-by-day, week-by-week and as – the story can change pretty rapidly as it goes through. So it's probably 
not a very fulfilling answer, but literally we just learn a little bit more each day and once over, we summarize it. 


<Q - Ed Wolfe>: Directionally, we haven't heard great things about July so far. Do you have any comments on July's 
demand? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: No. 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: Okay. When I look at your cost line items, your personnel, your other G&A, your depreciation as a 
percentage of net revenue just seems to get better and better at 58.3% and I look – the last 4 or 5 years, normally third 
quarter improves over second quarter. Is there anything in here that should concern me as I apply that last 5 years? The 
third year's been a little bit better than second year to my expense line items. Was there anything in here that was 
exceptionally... 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: No, there's nothing unusual. We did point out that many of our compensation programs, John 
mentioned it and it was mentioned in the release, are variable based on growth. The fact that even though we've grown 
significant – earnings significantly, it's lower than it was last year, so that's providing some of the leverage. But again, 
that's built into the model... 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: ...operating income growth? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: Pardon me? 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: Is that based on EBIT growth? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: Some programs are based on branch-by-branch specific, based on their pre-tax growth. Some 
are based on pre-tax, pre-bonus growth, restricted stock. And some other incentive pools are based on the average of 
earnings per share growth and operating income growth. So there are many different formulas. 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: Chad, the working capital – you made some comments about it, but it's now 2 quarters in a row 
where it's worked against you. Were your comments – I kind of interpreted... 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: It worked... 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: It's timing and it's going to come back, is that how I should – what you're trying to say? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: Well, if you look at historical quarterly cash flows, you'll see the first and the second quarter 
are the weakest and the third and the fourth quarter are greater, other than last year. And then last year we made some 
significant improvements in the working capital. If you look at something like our accounts receivable minus our 
accounts payable compared to a year ago, it grew slower than gross revenues grew. It's just that last year's improvement 
was so good and unusual. 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: Okay, so would you expect that, that bounces back a bit in the second half of the year? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: I don't know of any reason why it would react differently than it has in the past. 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: Okay. And the acquisition that you made, is that $26 million – that's gross revenue – I'm assuming 
it's got a similar transportation yield to your transportation yield and that you're going to report that in the airline? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: Yes and it would. Some of it would be reported in air freight. Currently we do have some 
domestic air, as John mentioned, and that is reported as air. It's primarily international air today, but there is also some 
domestic air. And that acquisition is about 45 to – about half air and half miscellaneous other services, including 
truckload and LTL. 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: Okay and when did you close that? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: July 13. 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: In terms of using your cash flow, your purchase – your rate of buying back stock was about twice 
what we've seen this quarter. Should we interpret with the larger buyback re-authorization, that going forward it's not 
fair – we should assume a bigger amount than we've seen in recent years? 


<A - Chad Lindbloom>: Like I said in our comments, we expect that authorization to last several years and that – the 
amount we buy back in any particular quarter, any particular year will depend on various factors, including our cash 
balance, any potential uses for the cash we see and market conditions. 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: Okay. In terms of acquisitions, can you give us a sense; are you still looking for other tuck-in, air, 
ocean? What are the areas that you're looking for? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: Yeah, we're looking for acquisitions to support any of our growth initiatives. Nothing has 
changed on our attitude towards acquisitions. 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: Okay, last question. On the sourcing side, you mentioned some pressures on the yields there. Can 
you talk about when you expect those to subside a little bit? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Most of them cycle through with growing seasons. There were a number of freezes and floods 
and it can raise prices compared to the previous year, but it generally lasts like 3 to 6 months. So this was typical 
quarterly fluctuations, the way I look at it, from quarter-over-quarter and I don't know that those same reasons for 
margin compression may or may not even exist in the second half of the year. 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: Right, there was some increasing prices of certain commodities. When you look at our 
dollars or cents per case of profit, even though our margin percentage was down, we actually made more per case than 
we did a year ago. 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: I get it, thank you very much. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Yes. 

Operator 

Thank you. Next question comes from Jason Seidl with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Jason Seidl>: Good evening gentlemen. A couple quick questions. You said that pricing was essentially flat for 
the quarter in your truck division, can you break out pricing between truckload and LTL? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: The reason – we don't and the reason for that is there are some definitions in terms of what is 
LTL and what is truck when we have different shipments that we consolidate and put on to a truck... 

<Q - Jason Seidl>: Like a multi-stock truckloader? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Pardon me? 

<Q - Jason Seidl>: Like the multi-stock truckload, is that what you're referring to? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Yes. So we do do some internal metrics around that, but we don't disclose anything. 

<Q - Jason Seidl>: Well, how about – have you seen some of the LTLs weakening of late because I know you 
probably noticed FedEx came out with the announcement the other day that they're reducing their fuel surcharge by 
about 25%, which is essentially a rate reduction. Are you seeing anything in terms of weakening LTL rates? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Nothing that sticks out to me. In our business, again it's different because we're generally 
sourcing capacity all in and so surcharges can be blended into the rate or calculated separately. All we can really do is 
look at the average price per transaction in one period to the next and it was generally flat. So there's – I'm sure there's 
variance within there amongst different carriers but nothing we can really pull out in terms of a specific carrier or LTL 
versus truck. 

<Q - Jason Seidl>: Okay. If I could just switch to your intermodal gross profit growth, obviously slowing a bunch 
from the first quarter, but you had fairly difficult comps over the prior year. What should we expect for intermodal in 
the back half of '07 here? 


<A - Chad Lindbloom>: We don't give any specific guidance other than our long-term 15% growth. So it'll really 
depend on how well we do at penetrating the market and continuing to add customers and continuing to add volumes, 
just like with the rest of our business. 

<Q - Jason Seidl>: Okay. And not to beat a dead horse in the share repurchase program, but given your average price 
in the quarter last quarter, there is no reason to believe that you wouldn't be almost as active, barring any massive 
increases in your share price during the quarter? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: There is no specific changes to the program or specific changes in the environment that we 
see today, but that's by no means committing that we're going to do what we did last quarter. 

<Q - Jason Seidl>: Okay, thanks for the time as always. 

<A>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Next question comes from Scott Flower with Banc of America Securities. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Scott Flower>: Yeah, good afternoon all. Just wondered – obviously there's seasonality and there's lots of mix 
effect, but – and again, I know that there's a component for you too when we're looking at net revenues on a total 
transportation basis, but the sequentional spread fell faster than it had sequentially 1Q to 2Q and again, I'm aware there 
could be all sorts of mix effects, but does that get to some of the transparency in the market moving quicker? Was it 
just a mix effect in the different componentry of business within your transportation portfolio? I'm just trying to get a 
better sense of why that moved as it did from 1Q to 2Q? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Just to be clear, Scott, you're talking about the gross profit percentage for total transportation? 

<Q - Scott Flower>: Correct, 17.9% in the quarter. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Compared to... 

<Q - Scott Flower>: What it was. In other words, the change in 1Q is close to 20% and what I – if I look at 1Q to 2Q 
changes over time, it seasonally tends to get a little tighter, but it doesn't typically tend to drop quite as much as we saw 
1Q to 2Q this year. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: You're talking sequential first quarters as the second quarters? 

<Q - Scott Flower>: Correct. And again, that may be just a function of 1Q is spectacularly good because rates came 
out faster, it could be a function of mix. Typically there seems to be some seasonality and understanding there's lots of 
complexity in terms of exactly where the net revenue margin actually is, but typically on an average basis it doesn't 
tend to drop quite as much 1Q to 2Q as it did this year and I'm just trying to get my arms around that. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: I think the biggest factor is the fact that it was 20.2% in the first quarter. 

<Q - Scott Flower>: Okay, all right 

<A - John Wiehoff>: We don't analyze it sequentially in changes like that. 

<Q - Scott Flower>: Okay. And then tell me a little bit – obviously you've been continuing to grow your transportation 
management business and I'm just trying to understand that on a miscellaneous basis; how that progresses, how that is 
being positioned in the marketplace because obviously that's continuing to grow more rapidly than sort of your overall 
book of business. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Yeah, it's a fee-based business. So basically rather than bidding on transportation at 
pre-determined rates or in a spot market, it's a longer term contract, generally at least a couple of years where we're 


providing route guide management and execution with our – generally very technology-driven, where we're helping a 
customer manage their process, distribute their route guide, score their carriers, do everything that a typical 
transportation management service center would do. 

There – I don't know the exact number, but there's like less than 25 customers in that business today. It's something that 
we've been focusing on for the last 6 or 7 years and it has continued to show a fair amount of demand in the 
marketplace. There are a lot of customers who are exploring the possibility of using a service like that. It's a 
challenging business line from the standpoint that it is a very automated process, there's a lot of set-up costs, there's a 
lot of – there's some standardization, but there's a lot of customization that goes on. So, we have been somewhat 
aggressively but also being very targeted in terms of the customers that we're taking on and trying to get smarter about 
how to implement and how to execute that business and understanding profitability and all those different things that 
we're working through. So yeah, it's a key growth initiative for us. We've been at it for 5 or 6 years and we're going to 
continue to learn and get smarter and work with the right customer opportunities to try to grow it. 

<Q - Scott Flower>: Right. And then just a couple other last quick ones. You mentioned in the release talking about in 
some of the air business that there's some project-based, I guess, efforts or transactions. And how should I think about 
that, is that more that those are one-offs or short duration and we should be just watchful of that as we look at that line 
item in terms of extrapolating or how should I sort of interpret that remark in the release? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: We have a couple of customers where we do sort of seasonal agricultural shipments and those 
shipments can start early or run late and the volumes can vary. And so they're recurring customers that we've 
referenced in several of the past years, but sometimes the volume activity will shift from quarter-to-quarter or be very 
high or very low in a given month, depending upon crop yields. 

<Q - Scott Flower>: Okay. And then this last quick question, if you could refresh us, how much of your business 
actually is order magnitude LTL versus truck? And I know there are gray areas, but I mean however you might define 
something as LTL-like versus truckload-like, obviously the predominance being more truckload-like. 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: We know that between 10 and 11% of the truck gross profits are generated from LTL. It 
could be higher than that because, like John said, depending on how you define LTL, we have a lot of multi-stop, 
multi-pick drops or multi-drop truckloads that get classified as truckload. 

<Q - Scott Flower>: Right. No, order magnitude's fine; I hear you. Thanks very much. 

<A - Angie Freeman>: Operator? 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Jon Langenfeld with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Jon Langenfeld>: When you look at that acquisition on the expedited side, how much competency do you have 
there? And I'm kind of thinking back to this flatbed acquisition you did, one in Minnesota in one of the comments you 
made, did this to help gain competency more than scale. How does that relate to this expedited one? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: When we've talked about it internally, I would say those 2 acquisition opportunities are pretty 
analogous that they are both service offerings that we offered to customers prior to those acquisitions. But in many 
cases there would be certain lanes or certain commodities where we just weren't competitive because we didn't have as 
broad a scope of carrier relationships or people who know the uniqueness associated with how to palletize a certain 
commodity or how to strap a certain thing onto a flatbed. So when we look at an acquisition like this, it's really not 
bringing a new service item to our offering or to our menu, but we hope that it's going to make us much more 
competitive when we're talking to a customer or quoting a customer because we'll have a much greater density of 
people who understand how to do those things, what types of capacity might make a competitive offering and we can 
share that knowledge across the networks. So yes, I do think those are both good examples of where we are using North 
American acquisitions to enhance our network. 


<Q - Jon Langenfeld>: And the main push, I mean from the owner of this organization to come into the C.H. 
Robinson umbrella in this particular instance, what would it have been in your mind? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: I think this one is probably fairly typical to many of the other smaller acquisitions that we've 
completed where you've got a fairly energetic entrepreneurial-type ownership. But at the same time a lot of their net 
worth and capital ends up being tied up in a very demanding, very stressful situation. There's a lot of pressures to take 
on receivables and maybe some operating leases from a financial commitment-type standpoint that constantly has you 
doubling down on the types of things that you want to do to serve your customers. And if you aligned with somebody 
like our network, you have so many more resources to leverage off of, you can diversify your personal situation a little 
bit and yet you can continue to work with those customer relationships and probably serve them in even a bigger or 
better way. And my sense is that, that was the driving motivation in this deal, just like many of the others. 

<Q - Jon Langenfeld>: Okay, that makes sense. And then switching over to the bid process this year, the elevated 
activity in terms of shippers bidding out freight, anything different you noticed in terms of trends, in terms of the type 
of freight you were getting commitments on or the duration or anything along those lines? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: No, not really. Most of the accelerated bid activity was really towards the beginning of the year. 
And I think, I guess probably the most interesting component of that will be to see what the fall peak season and the 
second half of the year turns out to be and what sort of contractual compliance there is to those new rate structures and 
kind of how the thing matures during the second half of the year. 

<Q - Jon Langenfeld>: Yes, I'd agree. Okay and then lastly, when you talk about the gross margins being near the 
high levels on the truck side, could you remind me, did that – did you basically get to those levels in the third and 
fourth quarter of last year? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Yeah, they moved pretty quickly there in the third quarter of last year. 

<Q - Jon Langenfeld>: Okay. All right, very good, thank you. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Yes. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from John Barnes with BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 

<Q - John Barnes>: Hi, good afternoon fellows. 

<A>: Good afternoon. 

<Q - John Barnes>: You mentioned your higher CapEx number because of the new corporate headquarters. Have you 
begun the move-in process yet? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: No, we'll be moving in sometime in the middle of October – during October. 

<Q - John Barnes>: All right, so it's going to be a fourth quarter expense. I mean can you quantify at all as to what 
kind of expense you're looking at incurring due to that move-in? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: Well, obviously all the cost of the building, plus the furniture and everything else will be 
depreciated over time. The move costs will not be significant. 

<Q - John Barnes>: Okay, so it's not a big margin impact... 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: No. 

<Q - John Barnes>: ...To the new facility? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: No, it will not – it should not be a big impact at all. 


<Q - John Barnes>: Okay. And then given that you had a little bit higher than normal CapEx this year than we would, 
should we see kind of a reversion to the mean next year or is there anything else major planned of this magnitude in 
'08? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: Well we do have some more land that sometime in the future we will likely build another 2 
buildings. We're not certain yet whether – when we will start the next building, but we'll let everybody know. Besides 
that, so far we've been spending 5 to $6 million or so a quarter on normal ongoing CapEx. We expect that to continue 
and to grow with the business. 

<Q - John Barnes>: Okay, so we should see the reversion of that, barring your construction of the next 2 buildings... 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: Yes. 

<Q - John Barnes>: ...For headquarters? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: Yes. 

<Q - John Barnes>: Three buildings, that's a good problem to have, right? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: Yeah. 

<Q - John Barnes>: All right. And then lastly, just looking – again, I don't want to beat the capacity situation to death, 
but I just want to make sure I got your comments right. You've seen some churn in your own carrier base, but you don't 
believe it's any concern, going into peak and at this point, you feel like you're adequately supplied with the available 
capacity you need. 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: That's correct. We stated that we think the industry and we'll have access to plenty of 
capacity to get through the peak season. 

<Q - John Barnes>: All right, very good. Along those lines, a number of the publicly-traded carriers that I follow have 
mentioned that they have gone out of their way to cut out hauling for brokers and other transportation providers that 
they felt like just the pricing pressure was too much to bear. I mean, have you seen – are you seeing more of your 
business with your smaller carriers? Has there been any kind of mix shift in terms of the size carrier you're dealing with 
or can you tell from the business you've done this quarter? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: No, there really hasn't been. We do kind of track the business activity by carrier size, and 
there's always minor movements. You can tell by lane sometimes when a carrier makes a different routing or pricing 
decision or sometimes you'll see minor movements in it. But we've been working really hard to try to differentiate 
ourselves in the marketplace. We've talked in the past about carrier management strategies. And I know that a lot of 
times, at least some asset-based carriers really move away from third parties and brokers that they feel are not going to 
have integrity in the relationship and maybe are going to try put accessorials on or take even more. And so we have a 
pretty good mixture of carriers out there and we're working really hard to try to preserve our relationship with all of 
them at all sizes. 

<Q - John Barnes>: All right, very good. Nice quarter, thanks for your time. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from David Campbell with Thompson, Davis & Company. Please go ahead. 

<Q - John Barnes>: Yes, thank you very much. And most of my questions have been answered, but I did want to 
know if you could tell me where the 3 global forwarding offices that were opened in the second quarter and the number 
of employees involved. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Well, they were all opened organically with 2 or 3 employees each, so it wouldn't be a 
significant head count. The locations were Singapore, Amsterdam and Seattle. 


<Q - John Barnes>: Okay and the one in Seattle is primarily – you mentioned it was global, so it's apparently ocean 
freight or... 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Yeah, we actually have had a domestic freight office there for quite some time and we felt there 
was an opportunity with some personnel to try to start coordinating some of the forwarding activity there as well. So 
we've had a presence in that marketplace before. 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: Most of these decisions are very personnel driven in terms of where we think we've got the 
right person to go do that, as opposed to some deep geographic analysis. 

<Q - John Barnes>: So they weren't driven as much by customer demand as they were by personnel? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Mostly. The first consideration is having the right caliber person who's ready to take on the 
opportunity. Obviously, we try to target them towards markets where we think there's opportunities or existing 
business, but it – number one criteria is absolutely the having the right person. 

<Q - John Barnes>: Right, right. And how do you see the international marketplace in the second quarter? Was it 
fairly stable for you? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: There's a lot of transition, there's currency movements and there's new capacity and a lot of 
opportunity work. We're relatively small from a market share standpoint in that, so we're out trying to build 
relationships and spread our story and do what we do, but there seems to be plenty of opportunity and plenty of 
transition in the marketplace. 

<Q - John Barnes>: All right. Well thank you very much, I appreciate your answers. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Donald Broughton with A.G. Edwards. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Donald Broughton>: Good afternoon gentlemen. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Good afternoon. 

<Q - Donald Broughton>: A little surprised with the strength of the top line and I'm not by the margin. And as I look 
through the entrails here, it looks like you had very broad-based growth by the lines of business we can see. Perhaps 
you can give me a little bit better understanding? Did you experience more growth in a few large key accounts, was it 
growth across your entire account base, was it a higher rate of addition of new accounts? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: The best answer to that is growth across the entire account base. We did sign up a lot of new 
customer IDs in the quarter. We are always adding a lot of new customer IDs and trying to grow them into top accounts 
over time, so we continued our aggressive marketing and signing up a lot of new customers and that is the primary 
growth driver. Our top 100, top 300 of the larger more mature accounts that we look at had less growth than we did as a 
whole during the quarter. 

<Q - Donald Broughton>: Because I know we've talked about over the last several months that certainly the 
conditions that we saw in '05, '06 really set up mini-distribution managers to be – well, in a position to be outsourced or 
at least a portion of those departments to be outsourced and that was a trend that could be working in your favor. Is that 
continuing to come to fruition for you guys or is that a theme that we should not be thinking about as a revenue driver 
anymore? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: I don't recall us specifically making those comments. I know that the way we think about it and 
have talked about it is that the significant price increases that I referenced earlier caused a lot of strain and a lot of 
reanalysis for a lot of us in terms of what was the most cost effective way to do things and mowed. So there was a lot of 


transition created that provided opportunities to rebid things or to try to help customers in new ways, but I don't really 
know for certain that it's caused any directional outsourcing or I don't really recall ever seeing that as a trend. 

<Q - Donald Broughton>: All right, fair enough. Thanks gentlemen. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Next question comes from John Larkin with Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead. 

<Q - John Larkin>: Thank you John and Chad for taking my questions. A couple years ago, you were using your 
balance sheet strength to do what I would call some accounts receivable financing for some of the carriers and that 
seemed to be a pretty profitable endeavor and also it differentiated you from some of the other truck brokers out there. I 
haven't heard too much about that the last couple of quarters. Has that been de-emphasized or is that actually one of the 
reasons why you're having so much success attracting capacity? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: Our – you're referring to what we call our Quick Pay program and it's... 

<Q - John Larkin>: Yes. 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: ...It's not financing accounts receivable for carriers. What it is doing is paying them in 2 days 
rather than 20 days, which are our normal terms. The reason we haven't talked about it a lot lately is it has stabilized, so 
it's growing with the business pretty consistent, somewhere around 30 to 35% of our payables are going – truck 
payables are going out through that Quick Pay program, but it hasn't caused major changes like it did a year or so ago 
when the use of it was increasing. 

<Q - John Larkin>: So you would expect that to stay at somewhere around a third of your total business being 
handled in that manner? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: Based on what we've seen, it's been relatively stable there for quite some time. 

<Q - John Larkin>: Okay. And then secondly, your ocean here and miscellaneous businesses has seem to grow very 
nicely during the second quarter and I'm wondering if that's a new emphasis on those 3 businesses that could ultimately 
lead to perhaps a little better balance and perhaps a little less dependency on truck. Is that something that is a strategic 
initiative or is that just happening based on kind of what's falling off the tree into your various offices around the 
country? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: I think it's been a growth initiative for the last 10 years that we want to build out forwarding 
business and, when we talked about the more recent acquisitions in Europe, especially that there was going to be some 
good mode diversification and we'd be able to sell into that. So absolutely, it's a growth initiative of ours and we not 
only consider it good to diversify, but it's also just kind of an organic growth opportunity that we've been working on 
for quite some time. So the only thing I would change in your statement is it's really not new, but yes it's a key initiative 
for us. 

<Q - John Larkin>: You just seem to get more traction here in the second quarter than perhaps you've been getting, so 
that's a good thing I guess. And then with respect to the domestic branches, I guess there weren't too many new 
domestic branches added. Are you getting to the point where you've got just about all the geographic markets covered 
and the domestic growth will therefore come just from expanding existing offices or are there still some areas where 
you feel like you would benefit by adding additional domestic offices? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: We still plan to open domestic offices for the foreseeable future. We've evolved that process 
where we've been sort of doing group interviews and the office openings the last couple of years have come more in 
clumps rather than spread more evenly throughout the year. So we're still expecting 3 to 5 of them in the second half of 
the year and that's already pretty much in progress, we just haven't announced the precise names or locations yet. But 


we still feel like for the foreseeable future, there's at least another 50 or 60 cities that it makes economic sense for us to 
have an additional presence in where we think we can help pursue those market share goals and carrier relationships 
more effectively by having a presence in those cities. And we'll continue to develop people for those jobs and identify 
them and put them into them as we think they're ready. 

<Q - John Larkin>: Are those 50 or 60 just domestic? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Yes. 

<Q - John Larkin>: Okay, that's amazing. Now, do you have any opportunities to maybe add multiple offices in the 
same city? Is that a strategy that makes sense, particularly in places like Chicago where there's a lot of freight and a lot 
of far-reaching geography to cover? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Yes, we already have 3 offices in Chicago and there are a number of other large cities where 
when we target the office openings, there may be a southern suburb and a northern suburb that we would have an office 
in. Obviously we've got 3 offices in LA and those are big marketplaces. Each of those offices will have slightly 
different levels of expertise and focus and different modes and they'll work together on different things. And they'll be 
a geographically spread so that we can kind of be on the ground marketing in efficient ways, both in terms of hiring 
people from local universities and communities, as well as just face-to-face customer and supplier-carrier interaction. 

<Q - John Larkin>: That's very helpful. That's all I had, thank you very much. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Thanks, John. 

Operator 

Thank you. And our last question comes from Jeff Fidacaro with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Ken Hoexter>: Hi, good afternoon. It's actually Ken Hoexter as well. Hey, Chad and John. Just on that 
miscellaneous expense or revenue side, is there something particularly or is it just the freight management where 
you've been growing? Just wondering why that's growing so much faster than truck is, just as a follow-on to previous 
questions. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Mostly because it's a newer service line with a limited number of customers, so when we've 
added some, it just has a disproportionate percentage increase. So it's really just coming off a smaller base of growth. 

<Q - Ken Hoexter>: Is that something you're trying to go back to your current base to increase penetration or is it that 
something you're doing with new sales? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: No, I described earlier, it's a business line that we think has a lot of potential, but we're growing 
selectively with the right types of opportunities to make sure that we evolve the service to the right sort of value at for 
the customer on the right kind of pricing. 

<Q - Ken Hoexter>: I just want to wrap up on that – on the share repurchase plan, I think – Chad, did I hear you right 
that you can do it over a couple of years or there is a certain timeframe you want to finish this? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: No, there's no – with the new authorization, just like with our previous one, the shares we're 
buying right now we're buying off of an authorization that was granted in 1999. So the 10 million share new 
authorization is expected to last several years. 

<Q - Ken Hoexter>: Okay, great. Thanks. 

Angie Freeman, Investor Relations 


Thank you for participating in our Second Quarter 2007 Conference Call. Before we conclude, I want to remind you 
that this call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of the C.H. Robinson website. It will also be 
available by dialing 800-405-2236 and entering the passcode 11092490#. The replay will be available at approximately 
7pm Eastern Time today. If you have additional questions about our second quarter results, please call me, Angie 
Freeman, at 952-937-7847. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation and at this time, you may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


