Q4 2006 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Angie Freeman, Director of Investor Relations 
• John P. Wiehoff, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
• Chad M. Lindbloom, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Thomas Wadewitz 
• Ed Wolfe 
• Scott Flower 
• Jordan Alliger 
• Jon Langenfeld 
• Kevin Sterling 
• John Barnes 
• David Campbell 
• Mike Marburg 
• John Larkin 
• Jason Seidl 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the C.H. Robinson fourth quarter 2006 conference call. 
[Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Angie Freeman, C.H. Robinson Director of Investor 
Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Freeman. 

Angie Freeman, Director of Investor Relations 

Thank you, and good morning everyone. On our call today will be John Wiehoff, CEO; and Chad Lindbloom, Vice 
President and CFO. John and Chad will provide some prepared comments on the highlights of our fourth quarter and 
year-end performance, and we will follow that with a question-and-answer session. 

I would like to remind you that comments made by John, Chad, or others representing CH Robinson may contain 
forward-looking statements, which are subject to risk and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information 
about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations. 

With that, I'll turn the call over to John. 

John P. Wiehoff, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

Thank you, Angie. Last night we sent out our fourth quarter and year-to-date 2006 earnings report. I'm assuming that 
everybody who is on the call has had access to that, but I want to highlight just a few of the key metrics that we look at 
that I'm going to refer to in my comments. 


At the gross revenue line item during the fourth quarter, we had 3.7% growth to 1.6 billion. Year-to-date that number 
was 15% growth to 6.5 billion. At the net revenue line item, fourth quarter growth was plus 18% to 278 million. 
Year-to-date, plus 23% growth in net revenues to 1.82 billion. Income from operations is the next key line we look at. 
Fourth quarter growth was 19%, year-to-date growth 28%. We also look at income from operations as a percentage of 
that net revenue, which was 38.6% for the year. Last metric is earnings per share growth, which was up 32% for the 
year. 

Every time we have one of these calls, we like to remind everybody that our definition of success has been and will 
remain sustained 15% growth in all of these categories, so that's what we're targeting. And overall for 2006, we think 
our people did a great job of executing, and we reached our goals, and our growth goals, and most of our metrics, and 
we feel pretty good about our results for 2006. 

Specific comments by a revenue type starting with truckload and the North American truck load market. For those of 
you who follow our story and have listened to the calls for the last couple of years, we've talked consistently about both 
volume growth and margin growth driving net revenue growth for many of those periods in excess of our long-term 
growth rate of 15%. 

There's been a lot of discussion about how those volume and margin increases have been driven by unprecedented 
industry price increases and growth in the demand for North American truckload services. During the second half of 
2006 and especially during the fourth quarter of 2006, I believe that everyone in the industry is relatively aware of the 
fact that the growth in the demand for those North American truckload services slowed significantly. 

During our fourth quarter, our slower gross revenue growth was a function of modest price declines and fuel declines, 
leading to what we would estimate overall mid-single-digit pricing declines. We had volume increases, which we 
believe were driven largely by market share and customer expansion in our growth, and then some margin expansion 
that did allow us to achieve our long-term targeted growth rates in net revenues for the quarter. 

In the intermodal mode, as we stated in our press release, the fourth quarter was the continuation of the environment 
that we experienced throughout 2006. We've talked before about how the market condition changes over the last couple 
of years have resulted in quite a bit of service changes and price changes in the rail networks and how most of the 
freight that we work with is multimodal freight that can go by truck or rail services. As a result of continually 
re-evaluating what types of freight and what types of services are appropriate on the rail, we continued to move less 
volume at higher prices for our rail partners and higher margins for ourselves during the fourth quarter of 2006. 

In the international forwarding arena, we've talked in the past and we continue to build out our network by expanding 
into parts of the world and regions where we don't currently have a presence. Last year, our primary acquisition was in 
Germany. We acquired a company in August of '05 that has been with us for a little more than a year. During the fourth 
quarter of 2006, our growth in the global forwarding piece was almost entirely organic. There was an additional 
acquisition in December 1 of 2006, where we acquired a business in India. While the revenues of that acquisition were 
not material, it was a pretty important strategic move for us to get – establish our presence in a part of the world where 
we previously only worked with agents. So we're pretty excited about that company and the growth of our network in 
that part of the world. 

In the sourcing area, we've talked before, again, about how our sourcing team manages both the buying and the selling 
of fresh fruits and vegetables, but in addition manages the perishable transportation and produce freight within 
Robinson. Our sourcing division had a very successful 2006. You can see the sourcing net revenue growth that's carved 
out, and that team also has contributed meaningfully the truckload net revenue growth, as I mentioned, on the produce 
and perishable freight. 

We continue to integrate and grow with the FoodSource acquisition that we completed a couple of years ago and feel 
pretty positive about how our produce division continues to identify and work with new and different ways to add value 
to perishable supply chains and distribution in the marketplace. 


On the information services line item, our T-Chek subsidiary had a good year. We've discussed how some of their 
results, while they are driven primarily by customer growth and market share penetration and truckload volume, some 
of their growth is linked to the overall level of truckload activity, and some of the transaction fees that they can earn are 
helped by higher fuel prices. So they had a little bit more of a challenging environment, but we were happy with their 
growth during the quarter and happy with their year as well. 

Moving to the personnel and SG&A, our year-end head count, 6,768 people, reflects a 178-person increase from the 
end of the third quarter. It's interesting to note, though, that 160 of those 178 people came from the acquisition in India 
that I referenced earlier, which means that we only added 18 people during the quarter to the remaining portions of 
Robinson. 

I guess the message there is that in our variable cost management and reflecting the changes in the North American 
marketplace and volume activity that we discussed, it's relevant to note that already during the fourth quarter of 2006, 
our network has been managing themselves more aggressively by slowing the rate of head count growth to match the 
rate of growth and the volume activity in the truckload network. 

In terms of looking forward and talking about 2007 before I turn it over to Chad for a few more comments. As most of 
you know, we do not give specific guidance. When we look at our business and we look at the marketplace, one of the 
things we are all in agreement at Robinson is that the markets are moving quicker, and prices on both the shipper side 
and the carrier side are moving and reacting faster than they have in the past, largely due to automation and better 
information that is available in the marketplace. 

So we do believe that our model is becoming more and more relevant. And yet at the same time it's becoming more and 
more challenging to really try to predict or anticipate what the markets are going to do and how things are going to 
react. But in terms of what's on our mind, we do know that going into 2007 and through January of 2007, that volume 
growth will be more of a challenge for us because of overall industry trends of slowing growth in the demand for 
truckload transportation services. 

As I mentioned, that can change relatively quickly. The spring peaks around March and April are very relevant to the 
first and second quarter results, and it remains to be seen what type of activity those will provide. So, again, it's too 
early to even really be predicting what sort of environment is going to be for the remainder of the first quarter. But with 
a slowing growth rate in the demand for truckload services, we know that we need to focus on selling and market share 
and relationships and do all that we can to focus on volume growth for this part of the cycle during 2007. 

We know that our long-term success formula requires volume growth, as well as good margins on the freight that we 
move. So while margin improvement that helped us achieve our growth goals during the fourth quarter of 2006 can 
continue to help us for some period of time. That's not the recipe for long-term success. We need to grow our volume 
and achieve our growth target in different ways for periods going forward. 

The last point that I think is relevant is that we have added a lot of people and a lot of resources to our network during 
this growth spurt over the last two or three years. And one of the things that we have a history on and will be focusing 
on again, too, is to really focus on leveraging that people investment to greater productivity and managing through 
different parts of the cycle to continue to achieve our long-term growth. So we will see what 2007 brings to us. But we 
remain very confident in our model and our ability to execute. 

With that, I'll turn it over to Chad for a few more prepared comments, and then we'll open it for questions. 

Chad M. Lindbloom, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, John. I'm just going to focus on a few things that should help you update your models going forward. I'm going 
talk about our cash flow, including CapEx, our dividend share repurchase plans, and then I'm going to touch on the tax 
rate. 


As you saw, our cash and investments increased during the quarter up to $473 million. We have and will continue to 
see large fluctuations in our daily working capital requirements. We happened to finish the year with our receivables in 
really good shape and our payables actually extended a little bit. So we had about 12 net days of working capital, or the 
difference between receivables and payables invested, which is on the low end of what we historically see. 

In addition to that, the fact that our fourth-quarter gross revenues were relatively low, that shows you that due partially 
to the lower rates like John mentioned, that also contributed to the lower working capital because the gross amount of 
money flowing through was lower. It's also important to note that the $98 million of accrued compensation on our 
balance sheet will all be paid during January and February. Like in all years, that is a large cash outflow at the 
beginning of the year. 

On the CapEx side, in 2007 we expect our CapEx to be somewhere between 45 and $50 million. About half of that is 
related to the new corporate headquarters that is currently under construction. And the other half is kind of our normal 
ongoing investments in technologies, desks, and phones. 

I just want to remind everybody that we did announce a significant increase in our dividend, the first of which has 
already been paid in January. We went to $0.18 from $0.13, or a 38.5% increase. 

During 2006, we also had significant increases in our share repurchases, up to about $68 million net of re-issuances 
through the stock option and employee stock purchase program. We will continue to evaluate our cash position and use 
share repurchases as a variable way to redeploy capital or return some excess capital to the shareholders. 

On a go-forward basis, we continue to expect our tax rate to be between 38 and 38.5%. During the quarter, we had a 
one-time foreign tax credit that we got related to our operations in Mexico. So there was – that had about a 1% decrease 
to our effective tax rate in the quarter. And again, that was an unusual item. There may be items like that in the future 
where we have opportunities to do some tax planning to lower our rate, but our kind of base rate going forward that we 
use internally is 38 to 38.5%. 

With that, we'll turn it over to questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you, Mr. Lindbloom. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Tom Wadewitz with J.P. Morgan. 
Please go ahead. 

<Q - Thomas Wadewitz>: Yes, good morning. Let's see, I wanted to see if you could give us some kind of thoughts 
on the pace of employee addition. I know you noted obviously that it slowed quite a bit ex that acquisition in fourth 
quarter. Given the kind of soft truckload market, could employee count be flat in '07? Or is there still some growth that 
you would expect? So any thoughts on the employee growth rate? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Yes, we would definitely expect to continue to grow our employee head count during 2007. We 
do intend to open five to seven new offices, similar to what we've completed the last couple of years, as we build out 
our network into new geographies. Since we open with a limited number of people, that investment doesn't have a real 
disproportionate impact on our personnel, and we think it's the right long-term strategy to keep planting those seeds and 
expanding the network that's out there. 

We also know that a lot of our offices have new commitments and have growth expectations and will be adding people 
to the network. So as we've talked a number of times, we do not have pre-committed goals or pre-committed amounts 
of head count. It's a very fluid situation based upon a branch-by-branch assessment of what their volume and needs are. 
But as the volume growth slows, we will focus more on productivity and taper off that hiring to make sure that our 
personnel stays as variable as possible. 


<Q - Thomas Wadewitz>: But you think it's realistic to think that that pace of employee growth is probably more 
moderate in '07 versus the last few years? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Yes. 

<Q - Thomas Wadewitz>: Okay. If you look at – I guess a couple different ways to look at it, but if you say net 
revenue per average employee or per quarter-end employee, the pace of increase on that metric was rather slight in 
fourth quarter versus the pace you've seen. Would that perhaps increase in '07 as you look to leverage the existing head 
count? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: No, we try to increase it every year, and the bigger and more diverse we get, the more you really 
have to break that metric down to a branch-by-branch, business line-by-business line, because we added 160 people in 
India in December who really didn't contribute much from a revenue standpoint. And in different environments 
depending upon the specific types of freight you're working with, it can skew the productivity metrics. Absolutely it's 
true that we will be focusing in on productivity metrics and trying to improve the net revenue per person, per month, 
per load, per whatever, all the various things that we use to manage the network. 

<Q - Thomas Wadewitz>: Okay. And then one last one, I'll pass it along to someone else. The gross margin expansion 
was pretty impressive in fourth quarter. And I'm wondering if truckload market stays weak for another couple quarters, 
can you sustain that type of pace of gross margin expansion or is that tough to do for more than a quarter or two? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: It's really difficult to predict. The margins during the fourth quarter of 2006 are on the high end 
of the range that we've experienced over the last 10 years. We certainly could stay on the high end of the range during 
2007. And what that will do from a comparison standpoint is make it more difficult as the year wears on and we start to 
compare it to higher margins in the second half of 2006. 

Like I said in my prepared comments, eventually the formula needs volume growth to achieve our long-term targets. If 
2004 and 2005 become aberrations or blips where volume and pricing went way up and we go through an extended 
period of declining volumes and declining prices, it'll be very difficult, if not impossible, to just keep expanding 
margins forever. 

<Q - Thomas Wadewitz>: Okay, great. Congratulations on the quarter, and thanks for the time. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Ed Wolfe with Bear Stearns. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: Okay, thank you. Good morning, guys. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Good morning. 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: Chad, you said 98 million in cash comp in the first quarter. What was the cash payment in first 
quarter '06? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: If you look at the previous-year balance sheet, basically that whole amount was paid out. So, 
I just don't remember the number off the top of my head. 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: All right, if you 


<A - Chad Lindbloom>: About 94 million. 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: 94, so similar kind of number? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: Yep. 


<Q - Ed Wolfe>: And you said there is 160 people in India and they're not generating much revenue. How do you look 
at that? I mean, do you start to remove some of these people, or do you start to build pretty quickly revenue, or how do 
we think about a dilutive situation that's strategic becoming less dilutive? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Well, first off, as you all know I'm sure, the labor market and associated costs are a lot of 
different during – in that part of the world than they are elsewhere. And my comment was really focused on the fact 
that we only owned the business for a month, and yet all the head count is in there for the end of the year. 

So the business that we bought is profitable, and we have hopes to grow it and don't have any meaningful changes 
planned to the model other than just to grow it and to continue to invest it. But the relationship of head count and labor 
relative to the net revenue that came with it is very different than the North American truckload market. So if you're 
doing year-end averages or trying to compute shortcut productivity metrics, it might be misleading in the trends. 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: That's fair. And is there a chance at some point that some of your U.S. people move to India like 
we're seeing, you call American Express, and you get somebody in India – is that part of the thought process here over 
time or is that completely unrelated? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Not in the short term. We have some integration work to do and would need to grow more. 
That's certainly a possibility. It would be on a pretty targeted basis with a limited number of people. 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: Those people are focused completely on international freight forwarding. 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: Yep. Hey John, the truck market. For the last two years, you've really been consistent saying you're 
seeing more and more small capacity enter the market when some of the large truck guys have been saying that's not 
going on. Are you starting to see some of these small guys leave? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: You know, one of the points that we've continued to emphasize is there's a permanent churn. 
While we've been adding a lot of new ones, a lot of little ones drop off for us, even in the last couple of years as well. 
Each year we're signing up thousands of new carriers, but we lose thousands too that we don't know if they disappear or 
just choose not to work with us anymore or whatever. And our activity through to date has remained consistent that we 
are finding a lot of new small carriers to try to do business with, and some drop off as well. So we have not seen any 
changes in that behavior. 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: I know you're very good at screening, but are you seeing any increase in bad debt from these guys or 
bankruptcies, or your threshold that is harder to find guys at keeping your threshold, anything like that? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: No, that – again, since we're paying them, the bad debt thing really isn't an issue, it's more a 
matter of if you have bad service experience or freight claims or something because they didn't do what they committed 
to do. And that is where our experience of filtering and phasing them in slowly on the right types of freight to make 
sure we establish a track record before we give them a $1 million cargo load would be relevant to making sure that we 
don't ever have too many issues with that. 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: On the sourcing side, there's been some concerns about the produce in California. Can you give an 
update of what you are seeing on that side and kind of talk about what the potential impact could be from that? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Yes, I presume the primary thing you are talking about is the citrus freeze, which was a pretty 
significant deal to the industry. It always takes longer and is a little more confusing to try to figure out exactly what the 
damages were or what the impact will be. But there's no question that the major citrus markets have less product than 
they did a year ago. 

And kind of very similar to the truck market, there is lots of analogies between the fragmentation and the supply and 
demand changes. So what happens in the citrus world is there is just a lot less product flowing, but prices are 
significantly higher. And it's a challenge of trying to figure out who gets the product and at what prices and what 
margins will be. 


So we do expect some volume declines in our citrus sourcing related areas. Hopefully we'll be able to have some 
improved margins on areas where we do handle product. Citrus is not a major percentage of the produce that we work 
with. I think it depends upon exactly how much of the product goes away, but it could have a couple of percentage 
point impact on our volume, but hopefully we can make up for that in pricing or margin. 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: Okay. And then, in your release, you talked about part of the yield expansion has to do with mix with 
your miscellaneous transportation stuff. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Correct. 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: Talk a little bit more, why are you growing your customs business faster, for instance, and what else 
is in this – what other kind of added-value services are in this, and how should we think about the growth of this line 
item? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: There's two primary services in that line item – the first is customs as you mentioned, and the 
other one is freight management, where we're running the route guide for selected customers. So we're coordinating 
their load tenders to their core carriers, so we're just collecting a fee to do that as well as scheduling appointments. And 
it's actually the management fees and other that grew faster than the customs during that time. But we did have 
significant increases in customs as well. There are cases where we do customs only for customers, and there's also 
cases where previously we already had the freight, but did not have the customs. And we've added the customs services 
to it as well, which is why occasionally those customs can grow faster than air and ocean. 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: What should we think about, you're growing 40% off a small base, can this continue for at least 
several quarters visibility-wise? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: We have limited visibility into the future of that, volume-wise, just like we do with all of our 
other businesses. But yes, you're right, it is a smaller base. And it's going to be volatile, I would say. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Even though it's fee based, the fees are generally per transaction. So it's the transaction volume 
that's going to drive it, which is why we have limited visibility into it. I do know that especially on the freight 
management, we signed up some new customers during 2006 that help drive that growth during the last half of the year. 
So that a higher percentage growth early on might be more reasonable, but obviously 40% gets tougher to sustain the 
bigger you get. 

<Q - Ed Wolfe>: I would think so. Thanks a lot for the time, guys. Appreciate it. 

Operator 

Next question comes from Scott Flower with Banc of America. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Scott Flower>: Yes, good morning, all. I was wondering, could you give us – obviously you talked a little bit 
about head count. I'm just trying to – is that managed more at the branch level? Is it decentralized in the 
decision-making? I mean is there obviously an interplay with headquarters? I'm just – I'm trying to get a better sense of 
how you're able to manage it so quickly, so fast. I mean is it because it is more responsive at the branch level? I'm just 
trying to get better sense how you manage that item. You talked a little bit about it, but I wanted to get a little more 
color. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: It is very much managed at the branch level. We have a decentralized hiring and firing and 
people management decision process, which is why we talk so much about the significance of our branch managers to 
the business model at Robinson. Because they are very much treated like independent business owners who have to 
make their own decisions around staffing levels and balancing what they know to be future commitments and 
productivity goals and different things that they are managing internally. 

Obviously here at Corporate, we have branch supervisors who are very attuned to best practices, productivity metrics, 
comparing the offices, and helping establish kind of the broad parameters that we want to live under. And then 


intervening where appropriate if somebody looks out of line as to what those might be. But on a day-by-day, 
month-by-month basis, we're relying very heavily on that leadership team of managers to execute the model and make 
those decisions. And when you see a change like our fourth quarter hiring patterns, it's because that's how the network 
reacted to the changes in the marketplace. We did not change any of our overarching parameters on how we manage 
the business. 

<Q - Scott Flower>: Okay. And then just a couple others. And I know that it's always a balance in terms of – you're 
not necessarily spot a contract, and there's a lot of blurriness. But I mean, as we moved through the second half, did you 
find that you were focusing more on the transactional side of the spectrum in taking advantage of perhaps some of the 
greater weakness there in terms of the capacity they are supplying? I'm just trying to get a better sense of as you went 
through the second half and particularly fourth quarter, did the pendulum swing that direction? And did you move that 
way in terms of the types of business you wanted to deal or were dealing with? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: I don't think there was any meaningful or measurable mix. You are very correct that the lines are 
blurry and it's tough to categorize these things. But in general, when freight volumes are surging, a lot of that 
incremental unplanned freight would fall squarely into anybody's definition of spot market activity. And if anything, 
when volumes decline or slow like they did in the fourth quarter, there would be less of that, and that the margin 
opportunity comes more from where there are annual pricing contracts in place and the cost of hire would soften. 

<Q - Scott Flower>: Okay, and then just two last questions. One is, as you went through fourth quarter, was there any 
monthly variations that you saw in demand? I mean there has been much made of – and again, this may not pattern 
with what you see in your business, but the ATA data suggesting that December was slightly better than November, 
and November was a far worse month. As you looked at fourth quarter, was there any significant variation in demand 
trends? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: That's a tough metric to get around. We put in our release that volume growth was relatively 
consistent, but the margins expanded a little bit. Part of the challenge with the numbers is some are talking sequentially 
and some are talking compared to 2005. And October, as we mentioned on our last call, was a challenging comparison 
because you had the hurricane in October of 2005. And while that didn't affect us real directly, it clearly affected fuel 
prices and pricing and margins and comparison. 

So it was a tough quarter in terms of really trying to compare precisely growth rates and margins from a 
month-to-month basis. But when you step back and look at the overall results of the quarter, there's no doubt that there 
was a slowing in the growth rate of demand relative to the last couple of years. 

<Q - Scott Flower>: I mean, did it feel any better by the end of the quarter or not really any different? I just want to 
make sure, you're saying fairly consistent. There really wasn't a lot of variation as you looked at just the months across 
themselves versus what's traditional fees. 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: No. Not from a volume standpoint. 

<Q - Scott Flower>: Okay. And last question I had, and I know you broached it a little bit, but I wanted to maybe get a 
little more color on capacity. I know you said there's a permanent churn, and I understand that. But when you look 
within your individual carriers, I'm just wondering, did you get any sense that – maybe counterintuitively – that they 
were actually were slightly – and this may seem strange – adding some capacity just because the driver supply issues 
were maybe a little bit less difficult than they had been, or do you not necessarily get that visibility in looking and 
dealing with your carrier relations? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: We don't really have kind of the global visibility to that. At any point in time, literally when 
we've got 40,000 carriers under contract at any moment, there are many of them that are adding trucks, adding drivers, 
taking on volume. Whether that's because equipment is coming downstream in the resale market or because they're able 
to get drivers in a softer market, that would be hard for us to kind of generalize about. But like I've mentioned, it's 
really the fragmentation of the market and the fact that there's kind of growth and failure in all different environments 
is part of what we see on a permanent basis. 


<Q - Scott Flower>: Okay. Well, thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Jordan Alliger with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Jordan Alliger>: Yeah, hi, morning, just a question. You had mentioned that volumes are obviously going to be 
important. You guys will be focusing on selling and market share. I'm just curious how the other truck broker 
competitors that your sales and marketing guys might be seeing are acting, presumably with some of the demand 
slackening, I guess from a broker service standpoint? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: I guess you'd have to ask them, but from our standpoint, the market is very fragmented, and it's 
really hard to kind of identify any one in particular. 

I would say the most relevant thing that we see and that our transportation leadership team talks about is that there 
clearly, compared to five or 10 years ago, is a tremendously greater amount of information in the marketplace about 
changes to supply and demand and pricing and the way markets move that – 10 years ago transportation truck load 
prices would move, but a high percentage of pricing would stay consistent for an annual contract, or spot markets 
would kind of move more gradually, where today when supply and demand starts to move, a lot of people are reacting 
to it much quicker – shippers, carriers, and I presume our competitors, as well too, that drive the markets in one 
direction or another. So specifically what decisions anybody else is making in terms of how to change their pricing or 
how to sell or what to do, I couldn't comment on, but I know in aggregate, the market is moving faster and adjusting 
quicker than it used to. 

<Q - Jordan Alliger>: So maybe it's sort of in the same vein, if I am hearing correctly, a lot of the margin 
improvement you saw this quarter isn't really tied so much to a lag between the purchase transportation costs that you're 
getting from the trucking providers versus the selling price you charge to customer. That pretty much evaporates 
quickly, and it's more the annual contract increases as you noted? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: It's a very customer-specific thing. It really depends upon – there can be some instances where 
you honor annual rates and you do worse at times and better at times, and when the cost of hire drops, you do better 
during that part of the cycle. But most shipper relationships vary in terms of how and when they re-bid them and how 
they adjust their pricing. You can have a lot of customer contracts in place that basically are evergreen until either side 
decides that they're going to give 30-day notice and not live up to the pricing anymore. 

There are customer contracts out there today where providers do benefit from a higher billing rate and a lessening cost 
of hire for whatever predetermined period of time until somebody decides to change it, and that can carry on or get 
changed tomorrow, depending. So I think the way you phrased it I would disagree with a little bit in that there can be 
some instances where the margin improvement is driven by remaining contracts and not just prearranged price 
increases. 

<Q - Jordan Alliger>: Are you seeing more of your customers coming out there and coming back to you and saying 
we've got to re-look at contracts? We want to redo it, we want to re-price it? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: I think our transportation team believes that the level of bid activity is slightly higher than it's 
been the last couple of years. But when a shipper decides to rebid freight, that doesn't – you have to understand how 
they're approaching it and what their objectives are and are they bidding all of the freight, are they looking for price 
decreases? Are they bidding to their incumbents or to a broader audience? So we do believe that bid activity is 
increasing, but that's just the first step in the process of adjusting to the market. 

<Q - Jordan Alliger>: Great. Thanks very much. 

Operator 


Our next question comes from Jon Langenfeld with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Jon Langenfeld>: Good morning. Wanted to go a little bit further into this employee productivity. I know in the 
robust market when things are going well and employee productivity expands. But when things start to slow, is the base 
of the new employees you've added, the less-seasoned employees, are they big enough to make a difference in terms of 
being able to expand the employee productivity of the overall employee base? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: Part of it is when you go through periods of high growth like we did. If you look back to 
'99-2000, when we went through high growth, and then 2001 and 2002 there was a significant slowdown. The 
percentage of the employees that are new in a slowdown reduces because the people – we're hiring less new people and 
on average the employee base gets more experienced, which does create some productivity for the employees. So just 
like in times of extremely high growth, where we experience increased productivity just because there's so much 
business and people are doing more loads. Sometimes in times of slowdown, we have also experienced increased 
productivity on average because the average person is more experienced. 

<Q - Jon Langenfeld>: And a typical hire, obviously the answer depends. But on a typical hire, does it take one or two 
years to really hit their stride in terms of productivity? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Ideally, they'll continue to improve during a several-year period of time. I think we've 
commented before that the first three to six months are very important. They come up the curve quite a bit. But then 
depending upon the role that they go into, there can be continued improvement for a number of years. The other thing 
that happens, though, is our people would generally start sort of more operationally, if you will, but then ultimately 
become more sales-oriented. They hopefully are selling from the beginning. But the opportunity to really establish new 
relationships or bring in large amounts of business, that's where it's maybe not so much in years two, three, four, a pure 
productivity thing, but your ability to contribute to the success of the team continues to ramp up pretty meaningfully. 

<Q - Jon Langenfeld>: Okay, that makes sense. And then switching gears to intermodal. How much of the change in 
freight is being driven from you prompting the customer to change versus the customer coming to you and saying, 
"Hey, let's move this over to truck"? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: That's always a mutual process. We are always talking to our customers about what the tradeoffs 
are. So we're – we believe – we're hoping that we perpetually are offering choices and looking at mode conversions. 
And, yes, a lot of that freight converts because we offer an alternative at a price saving to truck rates that were 
escalating pretty fast. So I would say it's always a mutual thing rather than it being driven by us or them. 

<Q - Jon Langenfeld>: Okay. And then you kind of answered this question before. But in terms of that transportation 
management fees where you're in the miscellaneous category, I mean, are you still seeing some pretty healthy growth 
from existing customers as well as the new customers being added? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: In the customs brokerage line item of that category, yes. On the transportation management fees, 
there is a fairly limited number of customers that make up that management fee category, like less than 25, I don't know 
exactly what the number is. So the higher growth rate is by signing up new customers, it's not driven by expansion of 
those existing relationships. 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: Those relationships we tend to manage all of their truck load freight. So really the 
penetration – there is no further penetration for the customer. So the fees from existing customers are volatile based on 
what their total volumes are doing. 

<Q - Jon Langenfeld>: And if you had to compare that base of a couple of dozen customers to three, four years ago. 
Were we talking just a handful then? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: I think we started about four or five years ago. 

<Q - Jon Langenfeld>: Okay. Okay. That's a good base comparison. Thank you. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from Alex Brand from Stephens. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Kevin Sterling>: Good morning, this is Kevin Sterling calling in for Alex. Just a couple quick questions; most of 
mine have been answered. John, talking about the slowing environment, and with slowing volumes, looks like you 
continue to get nice operating leverage. Do you think you can continue to expand your operating margins if volumes 
continue to slow in '07? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: It gets more challenging. As we've talked before, we plan for 15% growth, that's what our 
long-term model is based on. And so what that means, when we look at incentive contracts, when we look at 
occupancy, when we look a lot of those underlying cost drivers, there are several frames of reference where that target 
comes into play. When we have growth that's higher than that, it obviously creates a nice environment for leveraging 
those operating expenses and growing our earnings faster. As we come down to 15 or get below 15, leveraging those 
earnings becomes much more challenging. 

<Q - Kevin Sterling>: Okay. Thank you. And my last question here. Maybe you could talk about some of your other 
product lines, kind of what you're seeing, maybe on the intermodal landscape and on your air and ocean business and in 
terms of pricing and volume and, I guess kind of get a general feel for what you're seeing out there particularly on 
intermodal? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: For intermodal, I guess I did comment a little bit on before that in general the railroads have been 
changing some service offerings, escalating pricing to adjust to the market opportunities. So there has been a fairly 
meaningful shift in some of the types of freight that are being handled by intermodal. So for the last couple of years, 
we've seen flat or modest declines in volumes with pricing and margin improvements, and I believe that's what the 
railroads have been experiencing, largely through intermodal, as well too, particularly on the over-the-road, IMC-type 
freights separate from the international connected train loads that come off of the ports. 

So I know that similar to kind of what we talked about on the truck load side, if the growth in demand slows, that 
pricing and equipment availability will change in the intermodal world just like it has on the truck load world, where 
there would be an opportunity to go for more volume activity and to try to be more price competitive with some of the 
products. So we obviously are working with the rail partners just like we work with the truck load partners to figure out 
how they're going to adjust to the marketplace and what that's going to do to pricing and what that will do to the 
competitiveness of the products. That's what we see in the intermodal world today. 

In the forwarding world, it's a lot more complicated and we're a lot smaller player relative to it. I know that there have 
been some pretty meaningful declines in some of the prices due to additional ocean capacity that has come on. So 
there's been some challenge in some of the growth and customer relationships to adjust to this new capacity and 
declining prices, particularly in certain lanes. But on the forwarding side, we are relatively new to it and working hard 
to kind of sell high service, high customized type relationships where we can try to add a lot of value with our people 
and our information. And the buy-sell thing is probably less of a direct correlation to our growth and success than it is 
just adding offices and adding people and selling to it. 

<Q - Kevin Sterling>: Okay, John and Chad, thanks for your time today. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from John Barnes of BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 

<Q - John Barnes>: Hey, good morning, guys. Chad, on the use of cash going forward, I mean do you have a target 
payout ratio on your dividend that you're trying to adhere to, or you just kind of looking at what opportunities are out 
there in terms of gauging what your dividend policy is going to be going forward? 


<A - Chad Lindbloom>: We do have a targeted dividend payout ratio in the neighborhood of 40%, 40 to 45, and that 
is up significantly over the last four or five years. When we first went public, our payout ratio was closer, our target 
was closer 20 to 25%. So that is currently our payout ratio, but even with that payout ratio, the business if we do not 
find opportunities, acquisition opportunities tends to generate excess cash. So we use the share repurchase more as the 
variable way to redeploy capital. So there is no targeted number for share repurchases. It could go down next year if we 
find some large acquisitions, or it go up next year if we don't find any additional acquisitions. So that's where the 
variability of return on capital will come. 

<Q - John Barnes>: Okay. So we should expect just kind of the normal steady state on the dividend growth and then 
any excess, you're just going to do it for the share repurchases. There's no goal on that. You don't have a number in 
mind at the beginning of the year. I mean, do you have any kind of number in mind on share repurchase for making 
sure the options aren't dilutive or something like that? Or is it just you go into it and say, "Any excess we're going to 
kick over into share repurchase"? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: Well, we have always – since we've been public, we've tried to manage dilution of not only 
our option program, but now our restricted stock program as well as our employee stock purchase program. So that's 
kind of the minimum numbers. We've always tried to keep those programs as anti-dilutive as possible. Obviously you 
can never be perfect and buy back the exact number of shares. So that is kind of the base number and then we use – the 
rest is based on redeploying or returning excess capital. 

<Q - John Barnes>: Sounds good. All right, guys. Thanks for your time. Good quarter. 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: Thanks, John. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from David Campbell with Thompson, Davis & Company. Please go ahead. 

<Q - David Campbell>: Hi, thanks. Most of my questions have been answered, but you did say in India that you added 
the 160 people in the fourth quarter, I think it was, whatever it was. But what about branches? Of the five branches in 
the fourth quarter, how much of that was India? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Actually that's a good question, David, because seven of the – we did add seven offices in India. 
As we've talked before, our definition of an office is really a management center that's controlled by a P&L. And so 
periodically, every couple of years, we've had a couple of consolidations, particularly in the sourcing area, where we 
still have two geographic presences but they are managed together. So during the quarter, while we show an increase of 
five, it was actually seven from India, offset by a couple of redefined consolidations in other parts of the business. 

<Q - David Campbell>: The – consolidations in the United States? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Correct. 

<Q - David Campbell>: And what about Europe in terms of branches? Were there any added there in 2007? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: There were none during the quarter. I don't remember, I think there were two or three during the 
year in Europe. 

<Q - David Campbell>: So you would end up with 20? No, 17? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: I don't know what the precise number is, but in that neighborhood, somewhere around 20. 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: I think it's 18 or 19. 

<Q - David Campbell>: Okay. Yeah, right. And so there are 18 and 19 at the end of the year. And more people, I 
would imagine, as well. 


<A - John Wiehoff>: During 2006, our growth in Europe, since we did the acquisition in 2005 and added nine or 10 
offices and opened a few truckload offices. During 2006, we did open one or two incremental offices, but in general 
our head count and office count was relatively flat in Europe as we continue to integrate in those offices and try to drive 
the organic growth in the investments that we've made. 

If you look at our kind of European business holistically now between the truckload and the forwarding piece, we've 
grown it pretty fast from a location and acquisition standpoint for the last couple of years. And we're in a little bit 
slower growth mode in terms of adding offices and heads for 2006 and 2007, just to let it get integrated and do the 
systems work and get the productivity levels up a little bit, and then we'll be back to more aggressively opening offices 
or looking at further acquisitions. 

<Q - David Campbell>: [inaudible] is very insistent about controlling imports and exports in Europe with having their 
own rail – non-asset-based rail and road network. Is that something that you're in the long run likely to do more of, or is 
that not part of your thought process there? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: You know, in the long run, I guess we'd all like to control everything. So yes, integrated services 
and putting the modes together on a customer-by-customer basis is part of that integrated offering that we all have 
some degree of aspiration to. 

A lot of customers do prefer to separate their providers and manage the process themselves. And when we've talked 
about our goals and our direction of individual mode competency versus the integrated logistics, we want to make sure 
that we think we're the best at each offering that we provide out there. So today in Europe, especially, where we're 
smaller and developing at a different pace, we're really focused more on becoming very good truckload service 
providers, very good rail providers, very good forwarding providers. 

We don't have a lot of integrated door-to-door control across Europe right now, just because we're building our 
competencies in each of those. But within Europe and globally, that is part of the long-term vision, is to just get better 
at each of those offerings and then sew them together for the customers that want it. 

<Q - David Campbell>: Okay. Thank you very much for your help. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Mike Marburg with Ramsey Asset Management. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Mike Marburg>: Hi, guys. In 2004, you kind of had the opposite scenario in terms of capacity from a loose type 
perspective in volumes, and gross profit yields for a couple quarters took a hit. Would you expect that the reverse to 
happen now, or is there any reason why we won't see shippers – you said bid activity is up. But is there any reason why 
we shouldn't expect things to return to a little bit more of a normal environment after a couple of quarters, like it did in 
2004? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: That would be the normal historical expectation, I guess, on how the model and marketplace 
would react. The only caveat I would reiterate, which I said earlier, is that the market is reacting quicker than ever to all 
of the different changes out there. So, I don't know exactly what is on each shippers mind in terms of how aggressively 
they're going to react to a softening marketplace. Some of them may be very happy to just see flat rates and have higher 
service relationships in terms of load acceptance and others – some may be looking very aggressively to recover some 
of the cost increases and try to do bids quickly and try to drive rates down. If you do that, the risk is that you lock into 
lower pricing and suffer severe service failures if and when the market tightens back up. And it could do that very 
quickly entering 2007. So I think that's the tradeoff that we and every other shipper out there has to kind of think their 
way through. 

<Q - Mike Marburg>: Okay. Thank you. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from John Larkin with Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead. 

<Q - John Larkin>: Hey, good morning, John, good morning, Chad. Thank you for taking my questions. You 
mentioned the 15% growth target again. Could you give us just a little more on that in terms of whether it's a five-year 
objective, a 10-year objective, and whether that's kind of a long run average growth objective, for gross revenue, gross 
profit, EBIT, net income, EPS, all of those measures, and whether in good years you might expect to do 20 or 25, and 
in perhaps more challenging years something less than 15%. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Yes, when we went public 10 years ago, that was our 20-year growth average. And we said that 
we didn't see any reason why for the next five to 10 years we couldn't sustain that 15% average. And so it's been 10 
years, and we're making the same statement. I would probably describe it as a five- to 10-year rolling target. That it's a 
long-term target that – obviously the world can change and we can change, but today, for the foreseeable future, that I 
would quantify to be the five- to 10-year timeframe, that is still our long-term target. 

And it definitely applies to all the key metrics that I talked about before in terms of gross revenues, volume, net 
revenues, income from operations, and EPS. We have always fluctuated between the single digits and 20s to 30s 
depending upon the cycles in the market and where the leverage is coming or not coming from on a quarter-by-quarter, 
year-by-year basis. 

<Q - John Larkin>: Okay. That's very helpful. Also there's been a lot of talk this morning about productivity and what 
a great job you all did in kind of slimming down the rate of growth of head count to reflect the lower growth in 
transactional volume. But as I run around the industry, I hear a lot of talk about electronic load boards and that sort of 
thing. And on the one hand, I would think that that might be a competitive threat to C. H. Robinson. On the other hand, 
might be a mechanism for you to even automate more fully more of your what I would call mundane, run-of-the-mill 
transactions, freeing up perhaps the manpower to do more selling activities. Is that a fair vision of how that's playing 
out? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: There's no question that technology evolution is both an opportunity and a threat for us, just like 
everybody else in the industry. I think the load board thing is sort of tangential to it. That really doesn't have much of 
an impact. That is just kind of some automated matching that is going on over in the corner that's a very small 
percentage of what happens out there. The true automation productivity gains come from the routing algorithms, the 
track and trace information, the reporting analytics that you can provide to a customer to really help them with. So, 
there are – the whole discussion around technology impact and the evolution on our ability to sell our competitiveness, 
our productivity, all of that, is absolutely relevant, but it's a much broader, complicated conversation. 

<Q - John Larkin>: Okay. That shed some light on it. With respect to the fourth quarter and perhaps what you're 
seeing so far in January. Are there any particular regions of the U.S. that have been particularly soft? We've heard from 
a number of trucking companies that would suggest that a couple of regions, particularly the Southeast and the 
Southwest, have been exceptionally difficult. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Not really. Our business is very spread out, and it's hard for us to really analyze regionally, but 
we can sort of at times get anecdotal comments or input from the offices in those regions. But I'm not aware of 
anything over the last four or five months along those lines. 

<Q - John Larkin>: Okay, thank you, and then one final question on the intermodal side. As some of the railroads at 
least are asking their IMCs to provide their own boxes and their own chassis, is that ultimately something that C.H. 
Robinson would use some of its capital that do to really carve out a strong position there? 

<A - John Wiehoff>: We did do some of that eight to 10 years ago and then stopped doing it because it didn't seem 
like that was the right thing for our customers or for us. We do continue to talk with our rail partners about – the real 
underlying issue there is all of the rails need to experience a better return on investment in the equipment that they have 
that's running on the freeloading containers that don't get used real effectively. And one way or another, all of us in the 
intermodal industry have to help the railroads improve that metric and improve the return on that capital. 


I've never really completely understood why it would make sense for that to be our capital rather than a third party or 
the rail's capital or that it really matters; it's really about improving the management process, and that's what we are 
trying to work on. If the ultimate formula for managing that most effectively with our customers and our rail partners 
would be for us to put some limited amounts of our capital forward, we have done that in the past and would do it 
again. But today, we feel pretty strongly that it's about information management, process management, and improving 
the return on investment for whoever puts up that capital rather than somebody just stepping up and writing a check. 

<Q - John Larkin>: Okay, that's very helpful. Thank you for answering my questions. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Thank you, John. 

Operator 

Our final question comes from Jason Seidl with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Jason Seidl>: Thanks, gentlemen. When you look at any acquisition opportunities – obviously you guys have a 
lot of cash even after you're going to have your 90-plus million payout here. You're going to generate a lot this year. 
Where should we look, or should we continue to expect you guys looking on the international basis for acquisitions? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: Yes. We've talked about that. We will do acquisitions to support any of our business lines or 
to expand into new third party logistics services. Over the past few years, you're right that we have been focused – if 
there is a focus, or there's probably a slightly more focus, on expanding our international forwarding network. That's 
where we are being more proactive. But we continue to look at other acquisitions that we become aware of in any 
business line. 

<Q - Jason Seidl>: And can I assume that – this acquisition in India, this is your first foray – I mean it's probably 
going to be several other add-ons. That's probably a pretty quick growing marketplace? 

<A - Chad Lindbloom>: Yes, there could be further acquisitions and some organic office openings as well in India. 

<Q - Jason Seidl>: Okay. Perfect. That's all I have, guys. Thanks. Nice quarter. 

<A - John Wiehoff>: Thank you. 

Angie Freeman, Director of Investor Relations 

Thank you for participating in our fourth quarter 2006 conference call. Before we conclude, I want to remind you that 
this call will be available for replay in the Investor Relations section of the C.H. Robinson Web site at chrobinson.com. 
It will also be available by dialing 800-405-2236 and entering the passcode 11080688#. The replay will be available at 
approximately 2 p.m. Eastern time today. If you have additional questions about our results, please call me, Angie 
Freeman, at 952-937-7847. Thank you. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2016, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


