Q1 2007 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• David Mangum, Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 
• Pete Kight, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the CheckFree Sponsored First Quarter Earnings Release 
Conference Call. [Operator instructions.] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. David Mangum. 
Sir, the floor is yours. 

David Mangum, Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. With me today on the call is our Chairman and Chief Executive 
Officer, Pete Kight. Before we start, please note that some of the statements we will make today will not be historical, 
but rather forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
These statements reflect management's intentions, plans, beliefs, expectations, or projections of the future. However 
CheckFree's actual results may differ from these current expectations. 

Forward-looking statements involve various risks and uncertainties including those inherent in our business and others 
that we detail from time to time in our publicly filed reports and press releases, including the press release issued earlier 
today, and filed on Form 10-K – Form 8-K excuse me, and our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2006, filed 
September 8, 2006, particularly the section titled Business – Business Risk Factors. 

Please also note that in accordance with the Sarbanes-Oxley act of 2002 and Securities and Exchange Commission 
requirements, CheckFree publicly discloses all financial results using Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or 
GAAP. However, in today's call, we will also discuss our non-GAAP performance measures of underlying net income, 
underlying earnings per share, and free cash flow. 

Our underlying numbers and free cash flow are reconciled to their appropriate GAAP equivalents in our press release 
and the accompanying attachments, which were distributed at 4 PM today. The materials are also available in the 
'Investor Center' section of our website at www.checkfreecorp.com. 

For the first quarter CheckFree's consolidated revenue was $228.6 million, reflecting 7% growth over the first quarter 
of last year. GAAP net income for the quarter was $31.4 million or $0.34 per share and underlying net income was 
$38.6 million or $0.42 per share. Free cash flow for the quarter was $37.1 million. 

Now I would like to turn the call over to Pete Kight. Pete? 

Pete Kight, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks Dave. Q1 represents a good start to our fiscal year and as you are about to hear in greater depth, consumer 
service provider transaction growth was in fact on-track for Q1. Investment services also executed well. Software did 
even a bit better than expected and that provided us with, what I would describe as a well balanced first quarter. 


So first things first; last quarter I promised an analysis of transaction growth in the EC business. As you, I am sure, will 
recall; we resisted the temptation to provide early opinions on the slower than expected Q4 transaction growth because 
we wanted to do enough core research to be confident we understood the underlying causes. 

We have been able to complete a significant amount of historical data analysis in payment transaction research since 
that time. We are also able to complete the first stage of what I expect to be a very significant and ongoing consumer 
behavioral research process here at CheckFree. We received excellent support from a number of our larger bank clients, 
which gave us unexpectedly broad access to online billing and payment consumers. While this first stage is not large 
enough to be statistically as precise as we'll require going forward, the sampling was large enough to provide what we 
believe to be a sound analysis of the transaction patterns and causes. 

So I will summarize the general findings coming out of the analysis of the fiscal 2006 Q4 transactions and the 2007 Q1 
transactions. I will then provide you with a deeper review of the specific factors that additionally affected Q4. I will 
then move on to discuss the trends in CSPs, the Consumer Service Providers --the consumers and transaction growth 
going forward to give you a greater view into our approach on how we are using the consumer insight to drive deeper 
adoption into the mainstream and increase transaction usage among active users as they mature. 

When Dave reviews the financial outlook later in the call, he will describe our overall view on 2007 transaction growth 
which you will find to be in line with our expectations. 

So to start I will report that we found no change in consumer preference. We found no change in consumer choice of 
payment types and no change in consumer behavior related to CSP or bank-based online billing and payment. The 
consumer looks sound and looks fine. 

We did find that calendar based cyclicality in consumer billing and payment patterns that has a much greater effect on 
the balance of quarterly volume than we previously understood. We previously recognized the monthly calendar 
patterns but did not realize that as the active consumer base grew significantly to outstrip the impact of new CSPs 
added to the system and new consumer additions, that a strong quarter-based cyclicality emerged. Under regression 
analysis we identified that a combination of the sequence of payment processing days relative to month-end, week-end 
and holiday non-processing days, and the sequence of the months within a given quarter have a material impact on the 
number of transactions processed for the quarter. Examples of sequencing calendar day effects are: quarter-end months 
that have a longer – quarter-end months that are longer leading into quarters that start with months that are shorter and 
months that begin on weekend days. Because our due date processing does not count transactions based on the credit 
date but rather it counts transactions on the date that our system processes, these calendar effects are accentuated. 

Our regression analysis of the core growth in consumers and consumer transaction activities then back over the last 
four years, along with an analysis of processing day patterns, reveals that consistently calendar Q2 and Q3, which are 
our Q4 and Q1, are consistently low quarters for transaction volume and hence will show lower sequential transaction 
growth. This pattern has previously been matched by earlier higher percentage new user volumes, relative to the 
smaller active consumer base combined and mixed in with market share wins and the pace and timing of large 
marketing campaigns by our CSPs. But in short what we are seeing is simply uneven transaction spread between 
quarters that has nothing to do with overall annual transaction growth. 

In Q4, we had several anomalies so now I will go back to adding in specifics on the fact that Q4 actually had several 
additional factors that affected it. Q4 we had several anomalies that magnified the cyclically slower transaction 
calendar. March 2006 ended on processing days whereas April which begins Q4, began on two non-processing days. 
This is one of the patterns that results in actually shifting transactions out of Q4 April and pulling them back into Q3 
March. 

We also had a change in the processing model of our largest client bank, which you will recall has been moved to the 
higher consumer valued payment date or risk model. This processing change involved a different handling of payment 
scheduling than was in place in January at the beginning of Q3. And this change pulled an even higher number of 
payments from Q4 April back into Q3 March, for the reasons I just outlined. So the result, if you look at that, Q3 
artificially benefited from volumes at Q4's expense. We actually shifted transactions out of Q4 and back into Q3. 


That set of factors that created the Q4 sequential transaction results, a processing model change for the major client 
banks, was a one-time event. The calendar events are now in our model and can be reflected in future forecasts, and 
that's the reason why I point out that this quarter's transaction growth is actually exactly on the projections that this 
model shows should be for Q1, with Q2 and Q3 being larger transaction volume quarters. 

Last quarter we compounded the issue by reporting overall transaction growth as a combined number, adding to our 
CSP transaction growth. The number is from the non-bank based payment services and the low cost, low growth 
biller-direct transactions. These non-bank transaction volumes represent a slower growth side of the business and 
combining those two together with the core CSP transaction number simply comes out on average to look like a lower 
number. 

For our most recent quarter, fiscal '07 Q1, we reported 4% growth in the CSP channel, which based on analysis, 
represents growth exactly consistent with previous first quarters. Adding in the 2% growth we experienced in non-bank 
channels brought the average down to 3% and thus going forward we will report the CSP number separately since that's 
actually the underlying driver of the EC business. 

The second tier of this research was on consumer behavior, and research has confirmed that there were no material 
shifts in the way electronic billing and payment is being adopted or utilized by end users. Consumer attention to CSP 
was consolidated, sometimes referred to electronic billing and payment, appears to be in line with our previous 
analysis. We found no migration to other payment format nor do we find any new payment shifting or consumer driven 
change in patterns. The patterns are purely cyclical in the calendar. Consumers appear to stay consistently committed to 
EVP once they have engaged. 

We found a number of areas in our behavioral research that we think provide opportunity for us. One is both an 
opportunity and a necessity that we are tracking. We found that as we penetrate deeper into what is now the mainstream 
consumer market, new users are averaging a slightly lower number of transactions per month when they come onto the 
system. As we refer to consumer usage comparing behavior between high volume users and low volume users, and 
faster growing users comparing to slower uptake new users, we think we have got a number of significant opportunities 
to increase organic transaction growth. 

We want to increase both new user uptake and raise the total transaction average among the core active base. 
Obviously, it's particularly important as this core active base gets so large. We think we are finding opportunities in 
both technical design and information and marketing communications that can have an impact here. As market 
penetration continues and CheckFree's overall base continues to grow, the law of large numbers, obviously, 
increasingly applies. Gaining greater transaction share from the existing consumers is going to be an important 
requirement to make these increasing numbers work to our benefit. You will see us driving hard in this area through the 
rest of fiscal 2007 and on. 

Another issue and opportunity is the recent reduction in large CSP marketing programs, and this is another issue where 
over the last several quarters – it's the first time in quite a while that the CSP marketing programs among the big CSPs 
have been below normal. So we have actually had a pure organic to transaction growth model to see for the first time in 
a while. But it's important for us to – obviously as we recognize this – to understand why are the CSP marketing 
programs over the last two quarters below previous levels. Obviously we need to determine if this is a long-term cost 
saving or a strategic shift decision within the larger CSPs. 

We spent a lot of focus on that and the feedback we have received in the case of strategic position of online transaction 
services and specifically electronic billing and payment has not lessened in the market. CSPs expressed a consistent 
position that online transactors were the most profitable and highly valued consumers and the importance of gaining 
consumer market share has actually increased in proceeds' strategic value and thus they are focused on online 
transactors, is, if anything, up. 

Our expectation, based on our conversations with the CSPs, is that marketing is going to return to its recent historical 
norm over the next 12 months. We will continue to work to gain better visibility into the major CSP marketing efforts, 
but obviously we can't control when the marketing takes place. It's important for us, though, to be able to track that it is 


going to get back to norms over the next 12 months. 

As part of this CSP research, we do believe there is heightened interest in making sure among the banks, that electronic 
billing and payment costs continue to decline on a per user basis as the penetration in the banks increases. This is very 
consistent with their desire to increase their penetration of transactors and obviously to make sure the costs are 
continuing to be cost-efficient to them. 

Providing greater user interface and information control flexibility that we recognized on the user value side, and 
projectable long term cost efficiency models to the financial institutions have been our two highest priorities. Our view 
is, this confirms we are focused on the right things. Obviously as we continue to grow this is going to only increase in 
importance as we increase penetration in the banks. We know how to get there but we will need to work hard to make 
sure that we stay ahead of expectations in this area. 

Final area of our research just to make sure we had covered all the bases, was at the macro level. Are there any 
macroeconomic or consumer trends that might have an underlying effect in terms of transaction growth? Other than a 
unconfirmed view that more consumer debt might be getting paid off currently and thus potentially eliminating a 
consumer debt bill, we found no macro issues whatsoever. 

In summary, we think the annual growth patterns for electronic bill and the payment are consistent with its historic 
trends. Consumer preference for CSP based consolidated electronic transaction management appears to be consistent 
and unwavering. That said, we believe continuing to understand consumer behavior at a much deeper level, both in 
terms of adopting new services and utilizing services more completely, represents significant untapped opportunity for 
CheckFree and our CSP partners. This analysis is only in its earliest stages and I expect we will gain a great deal of 
additional insight over the coming quarters. 

While we are encouraged by the strength of our CSPs convictions on the value of electronic transaction services and 
their consumer strategy, we are acutely aware that we need to remain aggressive in our innovation and ongoing 
development to stay ahead of costs and service expectations in the U.S. banking market. 

Now I'll share quarterly results of our other two divisions. In Investment Services we reported more than 2.3 million 
accounts on the system and interestingly we saw continued traction with our APL platform, with our pipeline 
continuing to increase. We continue to ramp-up our next generation infrastructure EPL. We continue to see strong 
interest in the traditional APL platform services. And as I noted last quarter we are strengthening the APL 
infrastructure as a result. We continue on pace for the first page client migration to the EPL platforms in the second half 
of this fiscal year. 

As I noted earlier in the Software division we reported license sales that exceeded our expectations for the quarter. For 
the first quarter, which is traditionally a slower one for us, we capitalized on several sales opportunities in both 
securities and global treasury software channels. We continue to see success from this unit based on the combination of 
improved processes and improved execution strategy. We are very encouraged by the results of marrying our Applied 
Operational Intelligence approach with the needs of the businesses in these target markets. 

I have indicated previously that we want to see this division increase its growth as our execution model is strengthened. 
I think there is opportunity to grow here. Applied Operational Intelligence isn't just a boast phrase for this division. Our 
solutions in treasury transaction processing and back-office risk management are right at the core of high value 
opportunity IN financial services. I think there is lot of opportunity to increase profits, cut costs and effectively manage 
large areas of risk in this expanding global financial services market. 

I am going to now hand it back over to Dave, who will give overall view on expected 2007 transaction growth, some 
color on Q1 financial results and a look ahead to Q2. 

David Mangum, Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 


Thanks Pete. To better align with the transaction impact Pete has shared with you and to make our key product lines 
and trends as directly transparent to investors as possible, we are updating our reporting metrics. Please note that this 
quarter we have begun reporting our payment transactions and associated revenue in two categories: Consumer Service 
Provider or CSP transactions, which represent our traditional online payment transaction delivered through our 
financial services channel; and non-CSP transactions, which reports our – which reports transactions for the other bill 
payment channels we serve, such as walk-in, telephone and biller-direct. We believe these two categories will facilitate 
your modeling and ongoing analysis of our business. We will continue to report electronic bills and other EC revenues 
separately from these two categories. 

Given the quarterly transaction fluctuations that Pete just described, I would like to focus for a moment on annual 
transaction growth, to provide you some insight into the longer-term business trends, we are tracking and analyzing. 
For our CSP channel for 2007, we are anticipating nearly 25% annual transaction growth overall, resulting from 
traditional transaction growth of almost 30% from our CSP channel in general, and a lower transaction growth rate at 
our largest, and the industry's most penetrated consumer service providers. 

Through our non-CSP bill payment channels, we are projecting single-digit percentage growth for fiscal 2007. This 
includes strong growth at phone charge and essentially flat performance at check prepay, and through the biller-direct 
channel. We are thus expecting total transaction growth to be a little below 20% for the year. We do expect to be able 
to substantially improve these metrics in the future with more sophisticated consumer research, improved and more 
targeted marketing and better overall execution. 

Now I will review some highlights from our performance in the first quarter and our expectations for the second quarter 
and the rest of the year. Our software business posted a strong start to the year driven by better than expected license 
sales in both our Securities and Global Treasury product lines. Our Investment Services, steady portfolio growth 
resulted in 12% revenue growth in the first quarter. 

We generated $37.1 million of free cash flow in the quarter and we utilized the full $100 million approved by our 
Board of Directors to purchase more than 2.6 million shares at an average price of $37.91 per share. 

As to our long-term data center strategy that we shared with you in detail last quarter, we purchased land for $7 million 
and equipment, and other services of about $500,000 during the quarter. The other services and equipment are labeled 
Data Center Reimbursements on our free cash flow statement with the corresponding reimbursement amount from our 
bank Syndicates in the Financing section of the cash flow statement. 

Our bank syndicates purchased a land on our behalf and hence the land purchase itself is not reflected in those two 
categories. However, all of the land and equipment has been recorded on our balance sheet as property, plant and 
equipment, with offsetting long term debt. For the remainder of the fiscal year we now expect to spend as much as $40 
million of additional capital on this strategy for an initial data center. The capital will be reflected as capital 
expenditures offset by financing cash reimbursements in our free cash flow calculations. 

Turning now to the second quarter, we anticipate total company revenue in the range of 230 to $235 million, and 
earnings per share of 33 to 35 cents on a GAAP basis and 40 to 42 cents on an underlying basis. We are projecting 
sequential transaction growth from the CSP channel of 5 to 7%, and flat to a modest sequential decline in our non-CSP 
transactions, where one customer is taking 3 million low priced and low revenue biller-direct transactions in-house. 

You will recall we reported a similar loss of low value transactions in Q2 of last year. The two combined to hamper the 
annual growth rates in non-CSP transactions that I described earlier. We expect the two categories to net to about 3 to 
5% sequential transaction growth overall for the quarter. We do expect transaction growth to be up from these levels in 
the third quarter with more modest growth in the fourth quarter, consistent with our historical performance. We also 
plan to substantially increase marketing spending in EC in Q2, to test some of the concepts we identified in our 
research. 

In Investment Services we expect portfolio-based revenue to continue to grow at about its current pace. In Software, 
due to the strong start in Q1, we expect flat to modest sequential revenue growth in the second quarter. We do not 
expect greater revenue performance for the year than originally planned from that division. 


With this start we continue to expect full year earnings per share of $1.58 to $1.62 on a GAAP basis, and of $1.90 to 
$1.94 on an underlying basis, with free cash flow in the range of 190 to $195 million. 

Now I will turn it back to Pete for some closing comments. Pete? 

Pete Kight, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer 

So again in summary, I would say the first quarter was a good well-rounded performance. Our Investment Services 
Division continues to see very good strength in the pipeline for the traditional APL services platform. That platform has 
solid performance in its core services, and even some of its greater innovations, like multiple strategy portfolio, that 
have been a tremendous success and are in fact still being innovated. But it still is a bit surprising to me that even in the 
face of the pending new platform introduction, we continue to gain ground in this area. Obviously, that's a net positive 
for the business, it's great for the growth but it does add complexity to managing both the growth and the development 
simultaneously. 

Our new leader in CIS Mike Gianoni is already deeply engaged in the markets, evaluating our clients' appetite for 
incremental innovations in APL necessary for serving their immediate needs. Obviously, it's a little higher than we 
originally thought, but in fact it's being balanced with more growth in APL than we thought. At the same time we are 
assuring that we keep EPL on track. I am personally a big believer in separate accounts and as the marketplace 
continues to innovate in this space, I continue to see greater opportunity ahead. 

The fact that the Software Division is slightly ahead in performance is also a good indicator of the core strength of that 
business. As our management of that business has improved over the past two years and performance has gained 
consistency, our focus has been in two areas; increasing our global presence as financial services has become a global 
industry. And we have also been looking for opportunities to grow that business, because I believe its position in the 
high-value backend infrastructure of the dynamic financial services market, makes it very well positioned in what I 
think is a long term strong market. 

Our research in the Electronic Commerce division's transaction flow, uncovered a lot of opportunity. While it's 
important to note the quarter's cyclicality doesn't reflect the negative trend and annual growth looks on track, there are a 
number of areas we have uncovered that we think we need to focus on. We need to understand why some consumers 
automate all their payments and some are selective. Why some consumers receive all available e-bills and some don't. 
Why new users put fewer initial bills on the system. There are innumerable areas for our ongoing research that could 
result in important improvement. 

And while the key driver of the business, the CSP transaction growth appears solid and consistent, I am not at all 
satisfied with the growth of the non-CSP transaction business. It's not the core driver that drives the biggest values over 
the long term in the business. But it is an area I think that should be growing better than it is. 

The biller market has shifted away in our walk-in bill pay business. It shifted away from utilities paying the walk-in bill 
payments fee to where the consumer now has to pay the walk-in fee, and that's clearly been a challenge to the unit. We 
are growing the consumer-fee side of this business very rapidly, but it's not fast enough. 

I care much less about commodity biller direct payment. Although I don't want to lose any market share. Loosing 2- or 
3-cent transactions isn't nearly as important. But walk-in and phone-based transactions are service areas that we should 
be growing in. We will be focusing on growing those lines faster. 

In relation to the remainder of the year, I characterize the first quarter as a good start with opportunities for continued 
improvements. And I can assure you we will focus hard on making those opportunities work for us. 

That concludes the prepared remarks, operator we can open up for question. 

Q&A 


Operator 

[Operator instructions]. And we will take the first question from Liz Grausam [Goldman, Sachs]. Your line is live. 

<Q - Elizabeth Grausam>: Hi, looking at your transaction trends in the CSP channel. Actually looks like they 
decelerated again sequentially. We had expected some rebound at your largest customer given the platform transition. 
Can you help us understand what's going on at that account. Is the platform transition fully through and you are seeing 
an uptick back to normalized levels at the account? 

<A - Pete Kight>: I am not going to carve out an individual financial institution, but I can tell you our analysis of Q1 is 
that transaction volume is – absent the fact that there were no significant marketing programs in place in any of the 
major CSPs, the Q1 transaction volume is underlying that, exactly where it's been for the last four years. 

<Q - Elizabeth Grausam>: And in terms of the timing on those marketing programs coming back, can you give us 
some insight on sort of the course of the next 12 months. Do they start coming back on line in the current quarter and 
how we can get some insight into that? 

<A - Pete Kight>: So again there is a limit to how much the – especially the big financial institutions are willing to tell 
us in advance about what it is they are going to do and then there is obviously some limitation on when they do tell us, 
whether we are allowed pass that along or not. So I can tell you that we expect more of the Tier I banks to be layering 
in marketing programs over the next 12 months. 

There is a number of different reasons we came across for why the last 2+ quarters didn't have much marketing in them 
at all. Some were simply the fact that there was internal integration going on and the bank didn't market for a specific 
reason. There was, at least, some cases where they actually wanted to see what the organic uptake was of electronic 
transaction services without marketing supporting them. Per feedback we got from that was they weren't satisfied with 
that uptake, so they intend to return back to marketing to drive what they consider to be a important strategic initiative 
to gaining consumer market share. It's just really across the board, but at the end of the day, the thing most important to 
us here is is it something that's going to last a long time based on a shift, or is marketing going to return. And across the 
board, the feedback we got was they expect to market on more historical levels over the next 12 months. 

<A - David Mangum>: And Liz, this is David, I might add a little bit of color to part of how you phrased your first 
question, as you are looking at what I think you described as a deceleration in Q1 in the CSP channels, do remember 
that we brought over the Wachovia volume in a migration in Q4, which helped Q4's OpEx a little bit and of course that 
kind of migration did not repeat itself in Q1. 

<Q - Elizabeth Grausam>: All right, thanks. And then, on your marketing spending, I think David you said your 
marketing spending was going to uptick in Q2. Can you help quantify what that might be and what programs you might 
be supporting? 

<A - David Mangum>: Yes. I would be happy to help to quantify. I think we are not going to go into the programs too 
much, frankly for competitive purposes. But, I can tell you that we are going to test some marketing in the CSP channel 
alone. It's going to be more than a penny's worth of earnings per share in terms of the actual spend in Q2. 

<Q - Elizabeth Grausam>: And do you expect that to carry forward or just in the quarter? 

<A - David Mangum>: No, we actually expect to run these test programs and then evaluate them and think about that 
more from sort of a campaign management perspective over the long-term. 

<Q - Elizabeth Grausam>: Okay. Thank you 

<A - David Mangum>: Thank you. 

Operator 


Thank you. We will take the next question from Craig Peckham [Jefferies & Co]. Sir your line is live. 

<Q - Craig Peckham>: Hi, I wanted to drill down a little bit more on some of these historical CSP growth trends. 
Could you just elaborate a bit on what was behind the 9% increase in the March quarter of 2006 and then also 11% in 
last year's September quarter? 

<A - David Mangum>: Yeah, Craig this is David, actually maybe I will take it in reverse order, Pete. You can talk 
about the March quarter, I will talk a little bit about September. 11% last September, Craig, is fueled by the Fleet 
migration to our platform. And if you back that down you will find yourself at about let's say 5% sequential growth, 
without that single event. And then Pete, you want to talk some more about April and March and the March quarter 
being at 9% versus the -


<A - Pete Kight>: So what we had when I tried to describe in the anomaly on Q4 it is that the Q3, or the March 
quarter, besides being a naturally strong transaction quarter --because of these cyclical reasons of the calendar based on 
the way the quarter is flanked by long months – with high value transaction days inside the month. It's complicated but 
we got there. It is naturally a strong calendar quarter, based on the cyclical nature of calendar Q1 and Q4 being the 
strong transaction quarters and actually stealing transactions from the two middle quarters. But the issue with the 
March quarter having even a stronger is the fact that they were two anomalies that actually pulled a significant volume 
of transactions out of Q4 into Q3 to create that 9%. One was the fact that April started on two non-processing days, and 
the way our processing systems works, it will essentially pre-process those transactions and count them in March. So it 
counts two full days of Q4 into Q3. Added to the fact that the processing change with our major, major financial 
institution client was a processing change that left at the beginning of that quarter in January, all the transaction volume 
in the quarter that processing change went into place and that processing change actually pulled additional transactions 
out of those first two days of April and pulled them into March. So we ended up with both the calendar and a 
processing anomaly on top of what is, as I am describing, a natural calendar cyclicality that makes the last calendar 
quarter of the year and the first calendar quarter of the year the strongest transaction quarters. And we end up with a big 
quarter that makes the April or Q4 quarter look even lower. 

<Q - Craig Peckham>: Okay. Sorry to make you go through that again. We will look forward to some quarters that 
end mid-week. 

<A - Pete Kight>: We are coming on two now. 

<Q - Craig Peckham>: The second question: could you talk to a little bit about what is happening on the enrollment 
side, it looks like you made one revision to the number of active subscribers at the end of last quarter, but net-net about 

0.5 million new subscribers. Did the analysis you did on the customer base produce any new learnings on enrollments? 
<A - David Mangum>: So, again maybe we will split those, and you can talk about the new learnings on consumer 
enrolments. In last quarter's count of consumers we actually had a double calendar of some of the Wachovia 
consumers. And so we actually posted about 3% consumer growth last quarter and that was actually a double count of 
Wachovia consumers who were already on our system for First Union, so then switch to a Wachovia customer ID and 
weren't cleaned out of our database. So a fairly simple change to get those out and then as a result then in Q1 you see a 
very nice return to 5% consumer growth. So that's really the Q4 and the Q1 you see noted in the back page of the 
earnings release. In terms of sort of consumer learning and new consumer behavior insights, I'll turn it back to Pete for 
that. 

<A - Pete Kight>: So again, in the absence of consumer marketing by the major CSPs, I am actually a little bit 
surprised with the new user growth is as consistent and positive as it has been. There is a stronger straight organic 
growth underlying that than I would have thought, but the fact is we want the CSPs back in the market marketing and 
it's obviously very important that we are able to track and have confirmed it. The banks view and value it the same way 
and intend to return to marketing and in fact we have alluded to it last quarter but I can definitively confirm this quarter 
we have a much better marketing relationship with an increased number of Tier I banks coming out of what's really 
been a lot of analysis in the industry on just how valuable are these transactors. The fact is in this current marketplace 
in U.S. financial services, consumer deposits – the consumer accounts are very highly valued. That is where the battle 


is taking place and the transactors are the highest valued consumer accounts. So again, the analysis is telling us we are 
in at least a strong position in terms of consumer adds, in terms of CSP value, in terms of annual transaction growth. I 
like everything about it. 

What we did find in the research that are the two issues that I consider the most important to track in terms of our need 
to turn those into positives, otherwise they could become challenges. But one is the fact that new users coming onto the 
system right now are coming on, on average, with a slightly lower overall average number of bills to pay than 
historically users have come on and loaded in initially. That's an issue we want to track, understand, then do something 
about. And we think we can – and we have today much better insights, both on our own system as well as with 
financial partners on why consumers are doing what they are doing, what they're doing, and getting access to putting in 
tests on fixing it so that we can increase the number of transactions, we can increase the uptick of e-bills and all that 
sort of thing. So that's clearly what – again I alluded to last quarter; I thought we had uncovered as much opportunity as 
anyone else with this consumer research. I frankly – I think we are behind on the consumer research. If we hadn't had 
this transaction anomaly, we would have needed to invent a reason to go understand how important this consumer 
research is. We are in a business today where the consumer research is as important as the CSP relationship to us 
because we need to help the CSPs drive this transaction utilization. They want it and we want it, so it's very important 
to us. 

Then the other piece we uncovered is that there is no question that we want to specifically track and make sure we both 
set the right expectation and track ahead of that expectation on providing the kind of control value that financial 
institutions want, so that they can get what they want out of the consumer relationship in terms of being able to control 
the user's information flow, and even how they use the bank services. And then obviously, the – always an underlying 
part of doing business in U.S. financial services, we need to keep the cost efficiency driving so that we stay ahead of 
their expectation that these transaction users are significantly more profitable than they are costly to support. And that 
again is a clear underlying result of the research. 

<Q - Craig Peckham>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. We will take the next question from Tony Wible [Smith Barney Citigroup]. Sir your line is live. 

<Q - Tony Wible>: Good morning. I was wondering – sorry, good afternoon. I was wondering if we could comment 
on Wells Fargo and any traction that you guys may have seen with, I guess, trying to wean more volume away from 
Metavante? 

<A - Pete Kight>: Again, we are just very cautious about carving out individual banks – I would tell you we have a 
healthy relationship with Wells Fargo, I like its direction but wouldn't call out any fundamental change in our 
relationship. 

<Q - Tony Wible>: Can you just remind us how that relationship is structured today? 

<A - David Magnum>: How it's structured? 

<Q - Tony Wible>: Yes, exactly how do you get the splits in incremental transactions between you and Wells and 
Metavante? 

<A - David Magnum>: Quiet honestly I am not sure we know. We receive transactions for a number of merchants out 
of the Wells Fargo payment warehouse, I don't know how many go to Metavante versus CheckFree, and as Pete 
described, I don't think there is much difference or change in direction in terms of the relationship or the trajectory of 
growth in terms of the volume CheckFree is getting from Wells Fargo. 

<A - Pete Kight>: I think the only thing we have called out before is we do drive electronic delivery of bills primarily 
for Wells, so if a customer is receiving bills electronically it's likely that a majority of that customer's transactions come 
to us. I think that's the only fundamental piece of it that we've called out. 


<Q - Tony Wible>: I am sorry if I missed it earlier, but did you guys provide any sequential kind of pricing guidance 
in the EC side on both the CSP and non-CSP? 

<A - David Magnum>: Actually we did not in the formal part of the call. So please let me address that now. I'd look 
for maybe a penny reduction in the CSP pricing going into Q2, and actually flat to maybe an increase on the non-CSP 
transactions. And I don't think those trends are going to fundamentally change as you go through the course of the year 
from there, Tony. 

<Q - Tony Wible>: Okay. And within the next nine months are there any renewals that we should keep in mind for 
modeling purposes? 

<A - David Magnum>: You know, I think consistently given our market share, there are renewals going on in this 
space literally all the time. So most of our transaction end are – are then price conversations that help you model, 
incorporate all of those. 

<Q - Tony Wible>: Okay, great. Thank you, guys. 

<A - David Magnum>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. We will take the next question from Andrew Jeffrey [SunTrust Robinson Humphrey]. Sir your line is live. 

<Q - Andrew Jeffrey>: Hi, good afternoon. In sticking with your full year guidance, obviously, you've wound up sort 
of backend loading the year here, aside from the apparently conservative second quarter sequential earnings guidance. 
Can you talk, David, a little bit about where you plan to get the operating leverage that gets you up a pretty steep ramp 
in 3Q and 4Q? 

<A - David Magnum>: Yeah, I would be happy to Andrew. I mean I think it's not fundamentally different than when 
we talked a couple of months ago as we were going into Q1. Yes, it is a backend loaded year. A couple of things work 
into the mix for the calendarization of the year. The first is continuing to sort of catch ourselves up on an expense base 
that was frankly too high as we exited Q4. And we actually are investing a little bit back into it to test some of these 
marketing concepts in Q2, as you can tell from our outlook for Q2. That's a conscious choice. In Q3 and Q4 we will be 
back in terms of focusing on expense management, investment management. As you might imagine, we have gone 
through a thorough investment reviews all across the company, trying to make sure we are balancing risk and return in 
the near-term and long-term. So, you will see that contributing to earnings or operating leverage in the back half of the 
year. 

<Q - Andrew Jeffrey>: Okay. 

<A - David Magnum>: In addition, quite honestly, Software drives an awful lot of that leverage. When you look at the 
software business and what we think it's going to drive this year, it is multiple cents of incremental earnings in Q3 and 
again in Q4, and that's an awful lot of the leverage story in terms of the back half of the year. We also will expect to be 
selling and earning revenue from some of the newer products in the Electronic Commerce division, really weighted 
more towards Q4 than any other quarter. That will drive a little incremental leverage as well in Q4. But your model, I 
mean, fundamentally you have got a 26% margin in Q1, flattish in Q2, incrementing up in Q3 and then again in Q4 to 
pretty strong levels, and stronger maybe than we would want to see for the long-term, as you well know. But a pretty 
strong backend loading of the year, as we sit here today. Again, a lot of that coming from the software ramp. 

<Q - Andrew Jeffrey>: Okay. Any appreciable leverage filtering down to the gross margin in the bill pay business 
specifically, or is the increment more going to wind-up on SG&A on the consolidated P&L? 

<A - David Magnum>: I think the software increment really is an SG&A and a gross margin kind of conversation. 
That's the software piece that is you are applying. The EC leverage you will see, I think will really show itself in Q4, as 


we sell the additional products, and the additional products don't come – actually let me rephrase it, let me say that 
more positively: the additional products come with pretty strong incremental margins. Again, we are bringing more 
value to the bank customer, more value to the CSP customer, packaging products based on some things we are frankly 
already pretty good at. 

<Q - Andrew Jeffrey>: Okay. Thanks a lot. 

<A - David Magnum>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. We will take the next question from Greg Smith [Merrill Lynch]. Your line is live. 

<Q - Greg Smith>: Yeah, hi good afternoon. Looking at some of the CSP data for the first time, if you just take the 
September quarter a year ago versus this September quarter and adjust for TransPoint, if my math is right, it looks like 
we have 24% transaction growth and then just 3% revenue growth, so pricing down about 17%. If that math is right and 
this is sort of symbolic of where the business is right now, how do we get confidence that that revenue growth rate can 
actually accelerate from here, or is there something I am missing in my math? 

<A - David Magnum>: No I think your math may be directionally correct, Greg, I mean, remember what you are 
washing into that math though, is TransPoint and then this pretty substantial float impact from two quarters ago. That 
would be fully in your first quarter of last year. 

<Q - Greg Smith>: Okay -


<A - David Magnum>: Not in your first quarter of this year at all, now, at the end of the day Q1 is our lightest total 
revenue growth quarter. No question about it. This plays into the leverage question and answer that Andrew was asking 
just a moment ago. I do think you are missing float, but you will see pretty solid revenue growth from this channel in 
Q2 and Q3 as we drive higher volumes, and then some incremental impact from the new products I am describing in 
Q4 above and beyond purely transaction-driven revenue growth that you will see in Q4 this year. 

<Q - Greg Smith>: Okay. That's helpful. And then in the walk-in bill payment business, it sounds like there is sort of 
this market structure change going on where consumers have to pay versus the billers, and is that something that you 
were well aware of going in with the APS acquisition, or is this something that sort of happened suddenly and maybe 
caught you and other providers by surprise? 

<A - Pete Kight>: So this is Pete. I would love to say that we knew all about it but the fact is while we knew that there 
was some movement in that space, we flat underestimated both the speed and the ubiquity of the change. We did not 
think – we made a conscious analysis that we did not think the Public Utility Commission the structure around the 
states that are the biggest drivers of that business – we just didn't think they'd fold their hand as fast as they did, and 
that the market would change as fast as it did. So we underestimated the shift and we're caught behind and we are 
having to adjust to it. And so, it is very frustrating because the consumer fee paid business, they are doing what I would 
have previously thought as a very good job growing that business, the consumer fee paid side is growing ahead of 
expectation but it is not growing fast enough to make up for the fact that these consumers leave in the first round of no 
longer having a free payment service. And we have to go back and capture them someplace else or get them to come 
back again and agree to start paying, and that takes time. So I would have to admit we got caught behind in our analysis 
on that. 

<Q - Greg Smith>: Okay and then just lastly, how is your appetite and pipeline for acquisitions at this point? 

<A - Pete Kight>: I would say it's as healthy as it's been. I like the strength of our underlying business, I feel confident 
in the free cash flow and the strength of the business on its ongoing basis, and based on the fact that you want to feel 
confident, if you are going to spend money in acquisitions, and you think there's opportunity to grow in some of the 
areas in acquisitions, I'd say to answer to both those questions is, yes. 


<Q - Greg Smith>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. We'll take the next question from Tien-tsin Huang [JP Morgan]. Your line is live. 

<Q - Tien-tsin Huang>: Hi, thanks. Just a quick question, I guess, on 3Q guidance again, the revenue range that you 
gave was actually right in line with my number but the EPS was lower. And you talked about margins being flat, could 
be potentially down if my math is right sequentially. Anything beyond that penny in the EC marketing that we should 
think about in 2Q. I know – obviously you talked about software in the second half of the fiscal year but anything else 
that's unusual that we should consider? 

<A - David Magnum>: Yeah, the software margin actually should go down in Q2, Tien-tsin, that is really more of a 
timing of investments kind of thing than it is anything conscious or a big program, it's timing of some R&D 
investments and some consulting investments. That margin will actually go down a few points which does play into 
your view of the earnings itself. CIS margins are probably flat, there are a couple of other investments you know – the 
DR stuff continues to sort of ramp more moderately but it does continue to ramp and I guess, I would say all those 
things sort of figure into what looks like sequentially flat earnings. 

<Q - Tien-tsin Huang>: Okay. And then can you characterize the trends again for us in the different non-CSP 
channels, I think missed some of that, between biller-direct, walk-in and phone? 

<A - David Magnum>: Yeah, I would be happy to. I mean the phone pay is growing quite well as you might expect. 
Now some of that is off of a comparable from last year that was a partial year but it's growing quite well on a 
year-over-year basis. On a sequential basis, it's growing roughly single digits. On a year-over-year basis, though the 
biller-direct channel on an annual basis is single-digit growth. Now that's harmed by losing a couple of biller-direct 
customers who are processing the 2 and 3-cent transactions Pete was mentioning earlier, one last year and one this year. 
Without that that channel would be growing mid-single digits, that kind of number. And then check prepay is growing 
single-digits as well. So all in you have low single-digits for the year, it's a mix of those three lines. No one of them 
other than phone charge is growing obviously a great deal north of that single-digit and there simply aren't a lot of those 
phone based transactions relative to the rest of the base. 

<Q - Tien-tsin Huang>: Got you. Anything that you can do on the – you talked about the structural performance 
around walk-in bill pay, is there anything that you can do to reverse that trend at this point or are there actually market 
share losses here that we need to think about? 

<A - Pete Kight>: No, not losing market share, it's just, what we need to do is continue to build a business that's based 

– the business we acquired was primarily, I mean, vastly designed for the utility biller fee-paid business. It was built by 
a utility, so it was clearly designed to service utility fee paid bill pay business. And that business is in our basic 
assumption now going away. And so we are in the process of building out faster than we originally had intended, 
consumer fee paid business. And we absolutely are doing that. And that business is growing very rapidly, it's growing 
faster than the fee paid business is going away, but the fee paid business has a higher transaction dollar amount linked 
to it, actually doesn't have quite the same margin, the margin is perfectly good in the business. We simply have to grow 
the business. 
Ironically the reason we bought it was we – we bring the consumer fee paid approach to it and we obviously worked 
previously in the biller fee paid business and we knew that was what we brought to the business, we just didn't expect 
the other side to move away as fast as it is doing. So we have accelerated the growth in the consumer fee paid side, we 
are adding lots of new retail outlets. To some degree, we are not moving quite as fast as we were originally because the 
new retail outlets we're adding, primarily are big chains. And big chains take longer to implement than lots of small 
outlets where you implement pretty rapidly because you have to get data process interfaces into the existing register 
systems and things like that. But in the long run the big chains are where the volume we think is going to come from 
and we have got some big names in those chains that will be coming on through the rest of this year. So I like the trend 


in the business. I am just frustrated at the fact that we got caught behind and we simply need to keep accelerating to 
catch up and get ahead. 

<Q - Tien-tsin Huang>: If I could just ask one more question on the buyback front. Now that you are done with the 
prior authorization, given your free cash flow would you consider initiating another buyback program here? Thanks. 

<A - David Magnum>: Tien-tsin, we continue to believe we should be routinely buying back stock. We don't have an 
authorization right now but we will be looking to that in the coming couple of weeks. 

<Q - Tien-tsin Huang>: Thank you. 

<A - David Magnum>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. We will take the next question from John Kraft [D.A. Davidson]. Your line is live. 

<Q - John Kraft>: Good afternoon, gentlemen. Pete, just to clarify that last discussion about the walk-in and the 
consumer pay market, is that new – the bill pay offering to retailers, I think it's called Link Pay, is that in response to 
trying to more aggressively target that or am I – is it a different product? 

<A - Pete Kight>: Different product I think, we are – primarily our business is billed under the CheckFreePay logo. 
And our focus is on signing up significant large retail chains. We are actually not trying to sign up – the way the 
business had previously been built, we are not trying to sign up individual retail outlets, we think the future of that 
business is in large chains that can cover a lot of ground rapidly and where the transaction process can be more 
automated by integrating in with existing at point of sale technology. And again, I like the trend, I like where it is that 
we are. But fundamentally we are starting out behind, because the original fee paid business went away faster than we 
thought. So, we simply had to keep accelerating, that's what we are doing and I believe by the end of this year, that we 
will catch up. But again right now, I am just admitting that we started out behind. 

<Q - John Kraft>: Okay, well let me change gears. You also said that the large CSPs recently have been reducing their 
marketing programs. But about the smaller CSPs and maybe some of your resellers, have you seen any sort of an uptick 
there? 

<A - Pete Kight>: Well so yeah, we actually have a very good marketing program where we work with, what I'd say, 
the mid-tier CSPs, Tier II, and have a very good building pipeline of marketing services that, where we track exactly 
what is spent, what the return is on it. We know based on certain types of automated email enrollments, automated 
electronic bill enrollments, so a number of different programs that we rolled out, we track on a per click per transaction 
basis, exactly what the response is, what the uptake is, based on the dollars spent. We've spent most of that time with 
the Tier II because historically the big financial institutions don't want our help. That's just kind of the way the system 
works, and what appears to be changing is we are getting much more involved – getting offered to get much more 
involved with bigger CSPs. So, we are getting a better seat at the table to help them. And I think that is a reflection of 
their – they have learned a lot, they've – not appeared, they have recognized that if they are not in the market 
marketing, they are not happy with the uptakes, so again that's why we reported the confirmation we expect their 
marketing to return in the next 12 months. But again I can't tell you one bank versus another, exactly what quarter they 
are going to do, simply that I do believe we'll see a return to historic – what I would call natural marketing trends in but 

– they are targeting of – trying to acquire online transactors. 
<Q - John Kraft>: Okay, fair enough. And just one last question, in the research, the analysis that you all did, at least 
last quarter one of the possibilities or the most suggested reasons for the slowdown was that there was some payment 
skippers in April around tax time. Is that something that turned out to be legitimate, I didn't hear you discuss that and 
was you theoretically I guess see some sort of a catch up, did you see any of that? 

<A - Pete Kight>: So, literally which is why we resisted, I guess, it's the one credit I get for making you all mad by not 
guessing earlier that there's absolutely no consumer result of the Q4 anomaly. The consumers didn't do anything 


differently. If you look at anything, you look a little bit more on historic trends than in previous quarters. This literally 
we didn't find any consumer change whatsoever. We didn't have an increase in skippers, we didn't have an increase in 
people who recalendarized – I mean the consumer didn't do anything, Consumers paid their bills on the days they 
normally pay bills and the calendar causes those transactions to fall to an increasing degree in Q4, out of Q4. It's the 
way the calendar works. 

I realize it's complex to go through this. I am – now I am not going to admit how many times I had these people taken 
me through the regression, testing in the math models to prove the calendar sequelization of it fits. But when you really 
get down to the issue of quarters that start on short months in the way our processing works and tracks the transaction 
on the day that it's processing as opposed to the day that it actually posts the transaction. It comes right out. There are 
two quarters that are always going to be lighter based on the calendar. There are two quarters that are always going to 
be higher. It does, in fact, average out over the year exactly as you'd think. I thought previously it averaged out over the 
month in a quarter, and it turns out that it doesn't because of the way quarters are calendared. 

<Q - John Kraft>: Okay. I appreciate that help. Thanks guys. 

<A>: Thanks John. 

Operator 

Thank you. We'll take the next question from Wayne Johnson [Raymond James & Associates]. Your line is live. 

<Q - Wayne Johnson>: Hi yes, good afternoon. Could you remind us which quarter, in which year was the pricing 
change at APS? 

<A - David Magnum>: The fee changes have been steady – excuse me – steady is the wrong word. The fee changes 
have happened fairly routinely in the APS transaction. They have accelerated in the last three quarters. But this change 
from what's essentially a biller paid model to consumer fee-paid model. 

<Q - Wayne Johnson>: Right. That's what I was referring to. 

<A - David Magnum>: Yeah, it has been an ongoing change but it has absolutely accelerated it, I think Pete was 
describing earlier in the last three quarters and that's the trend but, that we are behind on. 

<Q - Wayne Johnson>: Okay. And then could you talk a little about what the additional products are that the 
E-commerce division is going to be offering in the Q4? 

<A - Pete Kight>: No, that will be a short conversation. But what – we will be happy to talk about them in Q4 as they 
come out. But we just don't have any desire to advertise them ahead of time. 

<Q - Wayne Johnson>: Okay. Will we expect ranges .. 

<A - David Magnum>: Okay – a little bit more in that. We'll be announcing several of them at BAI in the next couple 
of weeks, and that's really will bring a little resistance to pre-launching in front of that, if you know what I mean. 

<Q - Wayne Johnson>: Uh-huh. That's fine. And just so I am understanding, so the CSP is essentially if we go to the 
where the old model works, is the full service plus the bill, electronic bill paid financial institutions, payment services 
together. Is that right? 

<A - Pete Kight>: Yes, so this – that's how we got caught into lumping them all together because we moved away 
from full service versus transaction fees because full service fees we have been – as we moved away from subscription 
based to transaction based, but those different definitions ended up being counterproductive. And we took two big a 
shortcut last quarter for which I apologize. But the CSP-based transactions, the CSP transaction number that we will 
report are the CSP driven transactions that we provide to the financial institutions, financial service companies; we 
supply bill pay services to. And non-CSP is everything else from biller direct to walk-in bill payment to a home-based 
bill payment. And we are going to separate them that way because the obviously, the U.S. financial services industry 


drives the bulk of EC business, that's the number you want to track to track the health of the growth – of the consumer 
business in the U.S. that we serve in the non-bank transactions. We've invested in them; they are important; they add 
value to the bottom line. You should track them and hold us accountable to them but their growth has nothing to do 
with bank transaction growth in the U.S. 

<Q - Wayne Johnson>: Right. I got that. And just thank you very much. That was a helpful explanation. And if I 
could just have one quick follow-up, some of the financial institution customers whom you guys serve were some of 
the fastest growing in terms of adding new checking accounts per quarter. And so, are you seeing, are you saying that 
for some reason there is a slower adoption among those new checking account users, or is there something else that's 
going on there? 

<A - Pete Kight>: No. I mean if I can figure out how to align with it I suspect I'm in there somewhere. I think we are 
helpful causation factor to the fact that our financial institutions are opening up more DDAs than people who were 
trying to provide just a low-cost down and dirty yeah, we do bill pay too. I think you are going to see a continuing 
differentiation between people who have fully capable online banking and electronic bill payment integrated services 
versus people who have yeah, I check the box and offer bill pay also. I've mentioned for a year now we are picking up 
market share because of that differential. And so I think the only thing that we've seen over the last two quarters is we 
saw some testing from those CSPs on, do they need to keep spending marketing money to keep acquiring online 
customers? How fast they have been acquiring them or is that organic growth high enough, can they spend some of that 
money someplace else with the return? And all right, I am telling you that the information we got back is that they 
value the marketing dollars they spend on transactors higher than what they have spent them on in the recent past and 
that's why they will return marketing dollars to marketing to online transactors. I think the two are tied. We don't think 
it's a mystery that the fastest DDA growers are our customers. 

<Q - Wayne Johnson>: Thank you so much. 

Operator 

Thank you. We'll take the next question from Nik Fisken. [Stephens Inc.] Sir, your line is live. 

<Q - Nik Fisken>: Good afternoon. I've got a couple left. David, are we going do a second disaster recovery center? 

<A - David Mangum>: Not in the near term. We are going to continue to assess when we need the second site, and 
right now we are focused on the one – you recall last quarter we talked about the most this strategy could be in this 
year. We have now resized that to the 40 million plus ongoing that I talked about earlier, and that is focused on just one 
site for now. 

<Q - Nik Fisken>: And so the CapEx guidance of 55 to 60 is still the same? 

<A - David Mangum>: That's correct 

<Q - Nik Fisken>: Okay. 

<A - David Mangum>: And that's just to be clear Nik, that's the CapEx without the data center strategy. 

<Q - Nik Fisken>: Right. Okay. What do we assume in the share count for the 1.90 to 1.94? 

<A - David Mangum>: What do we assume in the share count? 

<Q - Nik Fisken>: Yeah, what share count are we assuming? 

<A - David Mangum>: On a full year basis? 

<Q - Nik Fisken>: Yeah 

<A - David Mangum>: At its simplest level. If you'll hang on just one second ... 


<Q - Nik Fisken>: If you want to give me the December quarter, I'll take that as well. 

<A - David Mangum>: I don't doubt it. So the December quarter is going to be closer to 92 million. 

<Q - Nik Fisken>: Okay. 

<A - David Mangum>: And the full year number is going to be back to approaching 93 million, so about maybe 92.7, 

92.8. 

<Q - Nik Fisken>: Okay. And any changes competitively, now that Princeton is owned by a new owner, Metavante 
has been pretty quite. 

<A - Pete Kight>: The only thing I will tell you is I'll reiterate what I said last quarter and that is I expect to gain 
market share this year. 

<Q - Nik Fisken>: Well said. Good enough. Thanks. 

<A - David Mangum>: Operator, we have time for one more question. 

Operator 

Thank you. We'll take the last question from David Koning. [Robert W. Baird]. Your line is live. 

<Q - David Koning>: Yeah, hi. Just a couple of quick ones, e-bills continue to ramp nicely. I am wondering what your 
full year expectations for growth there is and maybe outline a little bit of the seasonality to growth? And then secondly, 
corporate expense is a little bit higher this quarter. I am wondering maybe what happened there and if it's coming 
down? 

<A - David Mangum>: Yeah, a couple of things. On the e-bill I can not think we are going to break that one out and 
talk about the annualized growth, and I wanted to make sure you had a shape for how particularly the CSP transactions 
are growing in much the traditional fashion you've come to expect but I don't think we'll do that with e-bill on this 
particular call. In terms of the corporate expenses, a couple of things at work here as the pieces kind of come together. 
Q4 of last year included a tax credit from Georgia, which did hold down Q4 a little bit. We also, as we went into a 
negative Q4, as you might imagine had quite simply some accruals reversed given that the year didn't turn out as well 
as we might have thought going into Q4. We also had a bad debt credit on a formula based reserve in Q4. All of these 
things which sort of flipped as you head back into Q1 and we get back onto sort of more normalized run rate. 

<Q - David Koning>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - David Mangum>: Thank you David. 

Pete Kight, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer 

So, in closing, I will express a – I guess what I really had to express is just an appreciation for your willingness to await 
and to understand the calendar cyclical process that's taking place here. We did not give you the prior to what it is that 
when it hit us last quarter, any real expectation that there was some kind of cyclical nature to a quarter-by-quarter basis. 
We had talked openly about monthly cycles but quite frankly, we did not see the quarterly cycle until we had this 
quarter and caused us to go back and do the stripped out regression testing that we did which was very deep, it was 
clearly for me a very complex process as I – I've got to appreciate how much work is involved and really stripping out 
of all the other new adds to transaction data to really look at the underlying calendar. And the fact is, I will tell you I 
was surprised to see the effect of the balance of transactions that shift between the – what is in essence the quarters that 
start with long months versus the quarters that start with short months, and then how much effect it has based on where 
our people called the value of the opening days are relative to whether they are holidays or weekends, if it is the 
underlying effect. 


I'll reiterate one more time. There isn't any consumer change at all, and the CSP change that we saw which is reduction 
in marketing over the past two quarters, doesn't appear to be anything, other than bad luck and timing and we expect to 
have been told that that marketing money will return to the market. That's a difficult situation for us to have been in and 
as shareholders and analysts who follow us, the difficult situation we ended up putting you in because we didn't 
understand this prior to this. We've done a lot of work, had a lot of people putting in a lot of hours to strip this out. I can 
tell you, I am confident we understand what the calendar cyclicality is and that is in, will be in our projections going 
forward. 

Again, I think we will do a better service to you by simply reporting the CSP growth and understanding that's the 
underlying driver of the business. We will certainly report the non-CSP growth and invite you to hold us accountable to 
fix in the growth of those businesses. So we get them up to where they should be. Again, there is a lot of work and I 
appreciate the work people did here, but of course it was obviously very frustrating to sit and having to wait for it. I 
appreciate your doing so. Again thanks for your time. I'll look forward to talking to you. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you very much ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude your conference call. You may disconnect your lines 
and have a wonderful day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2008, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


