Q3 2006 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• David Mangum, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Pete Kight, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the CheckFree Sponsored Third Quarter Earnings Release 
Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. We will open the floor for your 
questions and comments following the presentation. 

It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, David Mangum. Sir, the floor is yours. 

David Mangum, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. With me today is our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, 
Pete Kight. Before we start, please note that some of the statements we will make today will not be historical, but rather 
forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These 
statements reflect the management's intentions, plans, beliefs, expectations, or projections of the future. However 
CheckFree's actual results may differ from these current expectations. Forward-looking statements involve various 
risks and uncertainties including those inherent in our business and others that we detail from time to time in our 
publicly filed reports and press releases, including the press release issued earlier today and filed on Form 8-K, our 
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2005, filed February 8, 2006, our Form 10-Q for the quarter year ended 
September 30, 2005, filed November 8, 2005, and our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2005, filed 
September 2, 2005, particularly the sectioned titled Business – Business Risks. 

Please also note that in accordance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Securities and Exchange Commission 
requirements, CheckFree publicly discloses all financial results using Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or 
GAAP. However, in today's call, we will also discuss our non-GAAP performance measures of underlying net income, 
underlying earnings per share, and free cash flow. Our underlying numbers and free cash flow are reconciled to their 
appropriate GAAP equivalents in our press release and the accompanying attachments, which were distributed at 4 

P.M. today. The materials are also available in the investor center section of our website at checkfreecorp.com. 
This past quarter the divesture of our M-Solutions business which was a component of CheckFree investment services 
traded a unique situation for our presentation of underlined results. SFAS 144 accounting for the impairment or 
disposal of long lived assets requires us to report the results of operation from the disposed business including any gain 
or loss on a sale as an income statement item separately catching income from discontinued operation on our GAAP 
basis income statement. This treatment is required for all periods presented not just the period in which the sale took 
place. For underlying and for consistency purposes, we are reporting M-Solutions as we historically reported it as a part 
of our operations and for the partial period for which we owned it in the third quarter. Therefore our third quarter, 
fourth quarter and fiscal year end reconciliation of GAAP to underlying results will show the impact of the divestiture 
on revenue and operating income in total and for the investment services segment. 

For the third quarter CheckFree's GAAP consolidated revenue was $226.9 million and underlying revenue was $227.7 
million, reflecting the difference in M-Solutions reporting I just described. GAAP net income for the quarter was $37.7 


million or $0.40 per share and underlying net income was $40.1 million or $0.43 per share. Free cash flow for the 
quarter was $62.3 million. 

And now I will turn the call over to Pete Kight. Pete. 

Pete Kight, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Good Afternoon. You've had an opportunity to review the press release we issued earlier today, you saw that we 
reported strong performance across the board. In our Electronic Commerce division we processed 293.3 million 
transactions during the quarter, representing a 8% sequential quarterly growth. In our full service category we 
processed 206.7 million payments this quarter. This represents a 9% sequential increase with strong transaction growth 
across the board. In addition in a migration that has been anticipated for some time, Wachovia converted nearly half of 
its legacy consumers to CheckFree during the last week of the third quarter and we expect the full migration to be 
complete by mid May. 

For Payment Services which included a full quarter of phone charge transactions we processed 86.6 million payments 
this quarter representing 7% sequential quarterly growth. We delivered 46.7 million electronic bills during the quarter 
representing 3% sequential quarterly increase. Within our Electronic Commerce division, we continue on pace with the 
integrations of both Aphelion, our Health Club Management solution, acquired in late 2005, and PhoneCharge acquired 
earlier this year. Both business units have performed well with PhoneCharge slightly ahead of expectations for 
transactions processed and revenue generated during its first reporting quarter. 

In our Software division sales this quarter exceeded expectations led by licenses for our Operational Risk Management 
or what we refer to as ORM solutions. For a bit of background here I will tell you that I like the position and execution 
of this software segment. Operational Risk Management addresses broad financial services market need that has 
intensified with increasing regulations and tightening budgets. The current business environment has led to more 
stringent operating requirements for financial institutions and corporations. This increased complexity has prompted 
our clients to seek technologies that can streamline the management of financial transactions and increase their control 
across the enterprise. The strength of CheckFree's Operational Risk Management software is in support of these 
complex back office processes that allow our clients to operate more efficiently, to keep pace with these increasing 
regulatory requirements, and to compete effectively in doing so. 

The solutions allow the client's organization to perform consistent, repeatable, and compliant processes at the enterprise 
level. Account reconciliation and settlement, exception, and risk management, work flow, and business intelligence are 
among the complex back end areas where our Operational Risk Management software continues to excel. Most of you 
who are listening to this call can go back behind the scenes at your own firm's operations area and you will see and hear 
about increasing requirements for Operational Risk Management in your own operations. Now I expect if you look 
very far you will probably see some of our software back there helping your people handle it. 

In our Investment Services division, the accounts on our system increased to almost 2.2 million through the end of the 
quarter. During the quarter we announced the divesture of our of M-Solutions business unit. We continue to focus on 
our primary strategy within this division of driving growth in the managed accounts market in delivering CheckFree 
EPL, the next generation platform. We are on track with the multi year investment in CheckFree EPL. This summer we 
expect several beta clients on the platform which will provide the first real time, end-to-end operational experience for 
the project. To confirm that EPL will deliver the business, operational and cost efficiencies that broker dealer firms, 
money managers and registered investment advisors need to expand the reach of these tailored account products. We 
continue to make progress on our high availability disaster recovery initiative. As an important part of our strategy, we 
recently closed on a lease that we plan to use for two data centers over the next 2 years as a part of this plan. 

And now back to Dave who will provide some color on the quarter's financial results and a look ahead to Q4. Dave. 

David Mangum, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 


Thanks Pete. Total business performance exceeded our expectations in the third quarter. Performance was largely 
driven by stronger than expected software sales, a good start from the PhoneCharge acquisition, additional float 
revenue, and an improved full year tax rate. On February 6 we completed the divesture of M-Solutions, a unit within 
CheckFree investment services, we recorded a pre-tax GAAP gain of $12.8 million. From a cash flow perspective, the 
sale generated $18.6 million in cash flow from investing activities, while the related cash tax payment of over $7 
million will represent a reduction in cash flow from operating activities and thus free cash flow in the fourth quarter. 

In Electronic Commerce we reported transaction growth of 8% at the high end of our expectations; excluding over 4 
million PhoneCharge transactions, growth would have been about 7%. We reported strong core transaction growth 
across our full service customer base in the quarter. Due to reduced guaranteed minimum revenue commitments and the 
conversion of a large client to the risked base processing model, revenue per transaction declined by $0.08 in the 
quarter which reduced the Electronic Commerce margin by approximately 3 percentage points for the quarter. 

In Payment Services the addition of the PhoneCharge transactions at greater than $2 per transaction resulted in an 
increase in revenue per transaction of about $0.10 for the quarter. Our software business reported a strong quarter with 
a significant increase in sales fueling an operating margin of about 25%. In investment services we recorded another 
quarter of steady portfolio growth with revenue and operating income offset a bit by the February divesture of 
M-Solutions. Margins continue to hover in the mid- to high-teens as investment in EPL remains on plan. We generated 
$62.3 million of free cash flow in the quarter, with cash flow from operations of $72.5 million offset by capital 
expenditures of $10.2 million. In addition we repurchased more then 150,000 shares of our common stock for 
approximately $7 million. 

Turning now to fourth quarter expectations, we anticipate consolidated revenue in the range of 226 million to $231 
million and earnings per share of $0.30 to $0.33 on a GAAP basis and $0.39 to $0.41 on an underlying basis. In 
Electronic Commerce we expect sequential transaction growth of 5 to 8%. In the full service category we expect the 
migrations of Wachovia transaction to CheckFree to be complete by the middle of fourth quarter and we expect full 
service revenue per transaction to decline about $0.04 due to standard volume pricing trends and the full quarter effect 
of the risked base processing conversion in Q3. 

In Payments Services we expect to return to more modest transaction growth, we expect revenue for transaction in this 
category to remain relatively flat. We expect the underlying operating margin in Electronic Commerce to fall a couple 
of percentage points in the fourth quarter. Coming off of a strong third quarter for software we expect flat or modestly 
lower revenue in the fourth quarter with expected margins moderately lower than third quarter performance. Within 
Investment Services, we expect portfolio based revenues to continue to grow at a similar rate to Q3, but to be offset by 
the full quarter effect of the M-Solutions divesture. We expect our operating margin to remain in the mid- to 
high-teens. Last week we filed an 8-K announcing 2 new financing arrangements. First we replaced our $185 million 
revolving credit facility with a new $300 million facility. The second arrangement provides up to $100 million of 
financing for the purpose of leasing from a bank syndicate two data centers that will be built over next 2 years. When 
combined with existing cash and investments and our ability to generate free cash flow, these 2 agreements provide 
substantial flexibility for us as we evaluate uses of capital. We are increasing our full year financial expectations based 
on our strong overall performance year to date. Full year earnings per share expectations are now $1.34 to $1.37 on a 
GAAP basis and $1.72 to $1.74 on an underlying basis. We continue to expect to spend more than $45 million on 
capital expenditures and now expect to report full year free cash flow of about $175 million. 

Now I'll turn it back to Pete for some closing comments. Pete. 

Pete Kight, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

The quality of our execution this year, I think has positioned us into a position of relative strength, one that in my view 
allows us to increase investments in the areas that will position us well for future growth. We will balance our 
investment across 3 areas. Most important to securing continued growth and important market leadership. We will 
continue to strengthen our core competencies to meet the needs of our clients and their customers, enabling efficiency 


in the complex back end infrastructure of financial services management. 

We intend to significantly enhance our products and services with accelerated innovation in order to stay ahead of what 
we believe is a trend of the increasing expectations in the market and we will continue to accelerate investment in 
enhancing the quality, efficiency and the security of our processing infrastructure that supports our core services. 

In Investment Services this means continuing our redesigned and roll out of check for EPL which will deliver the 
business operational and cost efficiencies that will help our money manager and broker dealer clients expand their 
ability to service the household of the future. 

For our core infrastructure we also will continue our focus on a high availability disaster recovery capability, investing 
what is needed to create the higher standards we think will be required in financial services. This initiative is capital 
and labor intensive, but it is far too important to the future of financial electronic commerce to not make the necessarily 
investment. I believe every financial services provider will be making this type of increased investment eventually, we 
think it wise to do so now over a controlled timeframe and with the opportunity for efficient planning. 

Overall I am clearly pleased with our execution in the third quarter and through out this year. Our fairly conservative 
business approach is to use this success to invest more heavily in the areas that provide the most value to our clients 
and to their customers and secure the growth channels through which we can continue to execute. I am very pleased we 
were able to both raise our outlook for the year a bit and at the same time increase our investment in the future. 

That concludes prepared remarks, Operator you want to open it up for a question? 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you very much ladies and gentlemen [Operator Instructions]. 

And we will take the first question from Bryan Keane. Sir please state your affiliation then state your question. 

<Q - Bryan Keane>: Hi, it's Brian from Prudential, Dave just looking at some of your comments about the guidance, 
you know the quarter underlying with 43 and then your guidance 39 to 41 which looks to me that there's a little hit in 
the margin in the fourth quarter and I think you talked about it in the guidance that E-commerce margin will be hit a 
point or two, can you just talk about what's in that number that's dragging the margin down? 

<A - David Mangum>: Yeah I would be happy to Brian. In Electronic Commerce specifically recall that the risked 
based migration of the large customer happened about the middle of Q3. We will have the full quarter effect of that in 
Q4, so you will find that revenue per transaction in full service for instance is dropping a little further then you might 
typically model. Typically you'll model that $0.01 to $0.02 drop we talk about on a normalized basis. I am suggesting 
you want to model $0.03 or $0.04 cents to that drop now instead, so you'll see that translate into a bottom line effect 
because that float revenue that comes from the processing is of course 100% margin. In addition Pete described a few 
moments ago some of the ongoing investments in what we will call a better and continuous availability from a disaster 
recovery perspective. Some of those do kick in in Electronic Commerce specifically in the fourth quarter, but the real 
driver is just that risk based processing migration, the full quarter effect to Q4, that will drop the margin a point or 2 
points in the fourth quarter for E-Commerce alone, that will of course have a bit of a concurrent affect on total 
company margin in the quarter. 

<Q - Bryan Keane>: In some of the investments that Pete was alluding to, do those stop at the end of this fiscal year or 
do they carry on at the same kind of level in the fiscal year 07? 

<A - David Mangum>: Yeah I think, or at least I hope what was clear in the comments is that we are embarking on 
what will be an ongoing investment in being very good at making our services continuously available for the long term, 
so we are embarking on that over the course of fiscal 2006 embarking on making sure we have excess capacity in the 
form of dark fiber, making sure we have co-location arrangements in the near term that are everything we expect them 


to be and then from a perspective of the data centers we referenced in the comments we have a long-term capacity to be 
continuously available and have that be a high value service we offer as differentiated to our customers. So we are in 
the middle of fitting this kind of investment into the ongoing operations of CheckFree. 

<Q - Bryan Keane>: Okay and then just finally the sales and marketing line I recall from last year in the fourth quarter 
it jumped, is that, we probably should model it the same way for a pick up in sales and marketing in the fourth quarter 
sequentially as well there? 

<A>: Yeah I think you will see a pick up, I don't know that it will be as big a jump as last year, last year recall we had 
some build up of programs and things we were going to run, you will see some of that along with the traditionally 
higher commissions in variable comp expense in the sales force, but maybe not as big as you might have modeled last 
year Brian. 

<Q - Bryan Keane>: Okay that's helpful, thanks and great quarter. 

<A>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you we will pick the next question from Tien-tsin Huang. Sir please state your affiliation then pose your 
question. 

<Q - Tien-tsin Huang>: Hi it's Tien-tsin from J.P. Morgan, just a follow up question about the large client conversion 
the risk based pricing was that delayed in terms of the timing? 

<A - David Mangum>: If it was delayed, it was at the margin. What actually happened Tien-tsin, to be perfectly frank, 
was the impact on risk based revenue was frankly less then we modeled in sort of the overall balances decreased at a 
slightly slower rate then expected. 

<Q - Tien-tsin Huang>: Okay so there is a little bit of a spill over effect going into the fourth quarter, plus the 
Wachovia kicking in will explain some of the down tick in the revenue per? 

<A - David Mangum>: That's correct along with that you'd add to that you know sort of the traditional drop in rev per 
transaction we see quarter-over-quarter. 

<Q - Tien-tsin Huang>: Okay great that's helpful and then I guess revenue per transaction on the payments side was a 
bit higher than expected, I think it was like a penny better then what you planned. Sounds like PhoneCharge performed 
better then expected, but how about the rest of the rest of the Payment Services businesses? 

<A - David Mangum>: Yeah, I think the rest of Payment Services was about on plan for the quarter, we saw solid 
progress from account balance transfer. Fine growth from biller-direct transactions, the walk in transactions were about 
what we expected. I think one of the things you may see as you analyze that penny that you are referring to from a 
modeling perspective is we do have an ever increasing book of credit card transactions happening in that telephone Bill 
Pay business that PhoneCharge brings. Those come at a higher price, but at a lower gross margin given interchange, but 
that may also, that blend and that mix may also account for that penny you are talking about. 

<Q - Tien-tsin Huang>: Got you, and then also on payment I understand that MBNA is a client already there, given 
the merger with BofA, how should we think about that rolling up into the broader BofA contract? 

<A - David Mangum>: Well I'll give you a couple of data points and this is probably a good moment to chat about, 
obviously BofA's metrics now include MBNA in all of their Electronic, Billing and Payment metrics, but for us MBNA 
has been and will continue to be a payment services customer you given that they take biller-direct transactions. From 
the perspective of BofA I don't know what the integration plans are, but I will point out to you that BofA processes its 
own biller-direct transactions. And we will see what the integration plans are for MBNA, but to your point the MBNA 
transactions and consumers are payment services biller-direct customers of ours. 


<A - Pete Kight>: So overall Tien-tsin, we are pretty big fans of the BofA move with MBNA both because we think it 
helps their overall strategy, we kind of believe that MBNA was extremely well-run organization and so we think both 
the BofA is going to benefit from MBNA's operational and strategic skills and MBNA is going to benefit from BofA's 
just tremendous retail reach and scale. overall you know we'll trade off what's probably going to be some cost 
efficiencies that Bank of America is going to earn out of the deal, my guess is over the long run we will gain in the 
overall growth of the combined organizations, but as of right now we like what we are seeing and we like the 
opportunity to work with the combined organization and think there's opportunity there. 

<Q - Tien-tsin Huang>: Great, thanks. I would like to sneak in one more, you got really strong free cash flow this 
quarter I think up 25% despite the TransPoint roll off. Any new thoughts on use of cash going forward? 

<A - David Mangum>: No I don't think any new thoughts, we continue to think that the best first use of cash is to find 
additional avenues for growth for shareholders. We do as you noticed in the quarter think we can and should routinely 
be buying back stock, but I wouldn't call any of that a sea change in our approach to using cash. 

<Q - Tien-tsin Huang>: Great thanks, nice job guys. 

<A - David Mangum>: Thanks Tien-tsin. 

Operator 

Thank you our next question is coming from John Kraft. Sir please state your affiliation and pose your question. 

<Q - John Kraft>: John Kraft, D.A. Davidson; good afternoon gentlemen, nice job in the quarter. 

<A>: Thanks John. 

<Q - John Kraft>: Dave I just wanted to clarify a couple of things that you said wording wise to see if I am reading 
into this more than I should be, you said the TransPoint revenues were reduced in the quarter. Are you suggesting there 
could be more of a fall-off later or are we completely finished with that attrition? 

<A - David Mangum>: No I am sorry if that wasn't clear. The TransPoint minimums expired 12/31, so we have 
translated that into a drop in revenue per transaction that you saw in the March quarter and we should not see another 
sequential drop related to the TransPoint. 

<Q - John Kraft>: Okay, finally through. 

<A - David Mangum>: Finally through, but on an annual basis we will probably talk about it once or twice more, I am 
sure. 

<Q - John Kraft>: That gives us something to do. Now on PhoneCharge you also said greater than $2. Are you 
suggesting that there is pricing increases possible or I guess how is pricing trending in that particular unit? 

<A - David Mangum>: Pricing is actually trending modestly up but it speaks a little to the mix issue I was describing 
in answer to Tien-tsin's question. The higher mix, actually let me step back for a moment, the majority of these 
transactions are e-Check or debit transactions, but credit card is growing well inside the base, so the more credit card 
transactions, the slightly higher the price can be on a blended basis, but again that comes with interchange and a bit of a 
lower gross margin, so pricing can slowly go up over time. We don't model it as much of a change that you will really 
notice, as you can tell from the expectations for instance in Q4 which is for that price to be flat on an overall basis 
inside payment services, maybe drop a penny, so you don't see a trend that's going radically alter the shape of the 
pricing curve in payment services in aggregate trajectory, if that helps you think about it. 

<Q - John Kraft>: No, it does, it does. And then regarding the software business in the quarter obviously strong, is it 
fair to say that some of the deals that you thought might have come in Q4 actually just happened a bit early? 


<A - David Mangum>: Well I think I'd go back to our comments from a quarter ago, you know all along we've 
believed, or at least I believed that Q3 would likely be our strongest quarter, counter to our history. We thought Q4 
would be strong, but not as strong as Q3. I think what we saw our software overachieve even that expectation and I 
wouldn't describe it as deals being closed earlier necessarily, strong performance and we expected a strong Q4, but I 
don't think of it so much as being pulling deals in from Q4, I think that team from an execution standpoint has built a 
solid pipeline and frankly executed on almost everything they said they would do this quarter. 

<A - Pete Kight>: Yeah but what you are asking is sort of a classic software deal of draining the pipeline, no I don't 
think that's what happened. I think they really just executed directly on plan and quite frankly Dave and I never sort of 
assumed software's going to execute directly on plan -- that was a very well executed quarter. 

<Q - John Kraft>: Okay. Good enough, thanks guys. 

<A>: Thanks, John. 

<A>: Thanks, John. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from Greg Smith. Sir, please state your affiliation then pose your question. 

<Q - Greg Smith>: Yeah, hi, Merrill Lynch, good afternoon, is it possible to get organic revenue growth overall taking 
out the revenue, the guaranteed revenue minimums and also acquisitions? 

<A - David Mangum>: Well, there are a couple ways to go at that John, – Greg, in terms of the revenue minimums I'd 
point you back to our comments really from the August call, where we talked about the full year difference in 
TransPoint revenue, going from guaranteed revenue of 50.5 million in '05 to becoming approximately 24 million in 
2006, 21 million of that you will recall we said was guaranteed in the first half of the year, which I think gives you 
enough to think through the volume base revenue that you'd find, on a full year on a half year basis, and the second half 
of the year without TransPoint. If you aggregate all of the '06 acquisitions and divestitures, you are talking about 3 to 4 
points of growth overall and that you can build back to as well, if you walk back to what we said about IDS Aphelion 
and M-Solutions and PhoneCharge, I think, you will find an ability to go at just that kind of a calculation. 

<Q - Greg Smith>: Okay, hoping you'd you make it easier for me. – no problem – I have got Excel, I'll be okay, And 
then, as you think about full service pricing once we now that we have grown over the guaranteed revenue minimum, 
but we've got the BofA issue and Wachovia coming in, once all that stabilizes what kind of annual decline should we 
expect in full service pricing? 

<A - David Mangum>: Yeah, I think that the normalized decline in the near term is still going to be 12-15%, you have 
seen 15 to 17, I think modeling at about 15 is a perfectly good place to be – again a normalizes base, when you can 
wash some of the noise you described out the number. So I would hold at 15. 

<Q - Greg Smith>: Okay, and then lastly just kind of a boarder strategic question, are their any areas of bill payments 
that you feel you're not in any other strategic areas, you've got the walk in, you've got phone based, you've got online is 
there anything you feel like you're sort of missing from a strategic standpoint? 

<A - Pete Kight>: Well, we asked ourselves that quarter – that question every quarter internally in several different 
ways, in several different parts of the company. And we have different viewpoints on what we might be extending into 

– I would say other than outside the U.S., we aren't in any parts of the billing or bill payment business that are 
significantly different from where we are today. The question is whether we should be extending a little bit further into 
some of the areas that we're in today. And fairly quickly, you get into the probably the bigger question is should we be 
involved more in leading the progress towards where the DDA is today, where the investment accounts are today, and 
where the household financial services account of the future is going to be, and I would say, we're probably more 
focused on that than we are on individual payment. 

<Q - Greg Smith>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A>: Thanks Greg. 

Operator 

Thank you. We'll take the next question from Wayne Johnson. Sir, please state your affiliation then pose your question. 

<Q - Wayne Johnson>: Yes, good afternoon, Raymond James, my question is as far as Wachovia conversion goes, 
which geographies have already been converted and have you been able to track the transaction trends of those 
particular subscribers? 

<A - David Mangum>: Yeah, Wayne, off the top of my head, I don't have the geographic information other than I 
know Atlanta indeed converted during that March conversion. It's too early really to have a good view of trends, we 
saw the number of consumers and transactions we expect to move over, but given it's been at least a little over 3 weeks 
of processing, it's probably too early to talk about trends. 

<Q - Wayne Johnson>: Okay. And I was also wanted to follow up with the competitive question, credit cards being an 
option for consumers out there to pay bills online Visa putting a lot of effort or money anyway in to advertising, print, 
and television and what have you for EVPP services and I am assuming other credit card issuers may want to follow 
that, how do you guys view that competitive market and just any comments you have on that would be helpful? 

<A - Pete Kight>: Sure, the only part of your question that I am not sure would be accurate is that I don't have any 
information that says overall spend by the credit card companies is higher or lower on this initiative than it's been over 
the last couple of years. I do recognize that Visa's running the current set of ads, I don't know that there are spending 
more money today, then they did I think 3 years ago when they did this before, but they are spending more money then 
American Express did over the last couple of years or MasterCard a year and a half ago, but we don't see any difference 
at all this is exactly what the 3 card companies have done sort of trading off one among the other over the last 4 years 
as we have been tracking it, we don't see any change in behavior among our customers, we don't see any change in the 
results, it's still very highly skewed towards people chasing miles, to get the benefits on their card, the list of billers that 
are willing to accept credit cards comes and goes, changes not dramatically, but changes sort of every six months as 
they get pressured to expand their acceptance and then they get pressured to cut back their acceptance because of cost, 
but overall I would our analysis is that it isn't very different than it has been over the last for sure 3 years. 

<Q - Wayne Johnson>: Okay thank you that's helpful and just one other follow up. Can you comment on how many 
more billers you guys expect to add to your system, or major billers, I guess I should say and could you comment on 
what you think the penetration of the billers that you have on your system, how many subscribers are paying their bills 
online versus paper? 

<A - David Mangum>: Yeah I will talk to you a bit Wayne about the count; Pete you can talk a bit about penetration 
overall and how the billers are thinking about it. We will probably add I guess about 25 or so new major billers to the 
system over the full year this year. We are about 3 quarters of the way there this year, recall that we are targeting the 
top few 100, 400 maybe 500 major billers who can deliver that meaningful content on a national and a regional basis, 
so you shouldn't expect to see that number continue to grow over time against the 25 where you have seen perhaps 
larger numbers in the past. We don't see a decline in interest in the product at all, I mean that's a good place to toss over 
to you Pete about how the billers are thinking a little bit. 

<A - Pete Kight>: We actually did have a very good quarter this quarter in signing what we call both Tier 1 and Tier 2 
which were the top 2 tiers of billers. We had a big uptick this quarter in closings. Our viewpoint is very consistent with 
what we have been analyzing for the last six quarters and that is the billers care a lot about bank penetration and as 
bank penetration moves up and Wachovia's conversion is going to help that significantly. We think we have a couple 
additional big financial institutions that will expand their electronic billing footprint with us over the next couple of 
quarters, but those are all things that continue to build the overall trend. Again this is as we talked about a lot, the way 
this penetration occurs, it is over time and it builds on its own momentum, so as the numbers increase the number of 


people who then are able to increase the number of bills continues to get larger, so it grows off a ever increasingly large 
base and those economics work in our favor. We are very positive on the trends, we continue to focus very carefully on 
working closer we have been working very closely with the banks, we are continuing to work on ways in which we can 
work more closely with the billers as they pick up momentum, like the trend I wouldn't say there's anything dramatic 
that's going to change in the near future, but we do have all the information we are tracking says that it will continue its 
rise. 

<Q - Wayne Johnson>: Terrific, thank you very much. 

<A - David Mangum>: Thanks, Wayne. 

Operator 

Thank you we will take the next question from Andrew Jeffrey. Sir your line is live. 

<Q - Andrew Jeffrey>: Hi, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, as the nature of your business changes, as the mix of the 
business changes, can you talk a little bit about what you think the potential profitability is longer term? It would seem 
that the business particularly is more transaction that go a cross Genesis so you know the common back end that would 
afford greater incremental operating leverage. I am just wondering if there's some point at which you are going to 
address that or how you view that at this point? 

<A - David Mangum>: I don't think our view of that has changed; I think it's fair of you to ask us, we'll have an 
evolving transaction mix but fundamentally the bulk of the transactions if you do the analysis on EC is still full service 
EBP and sort of bank based transactions. So culturally and philosophically, we continue to believe that the operating 
margin, the target operating margin for this business is in the mid-20's to the high 20's. So that's in mid-20 up to a 29% 
range we've probably talked about for sometime. I don't think the mix has changed such that we can be prepared to talk 
about anything beyond that, in fact we think it's a very strong place to target for the long-term, from an efficiency 
standpoint, from a growth and a sustainability standpoint. 

<Q - Andrew Jeffrey>: Okay. And as it pertains the disaster recovery offering. Is there a point at which you look to 
resell that or is it strictly in your minds going to be something you offer as a value added service in a point of 
competitor differentiation as you put it? 

<A - Pete Kight>: I would say there is the – to varying degrees the answer is yes to all of your questions. There are – 
there will be a lot of different levels of but, you know, in old terms what's called disaster recovery and we are now 
referring to as continuous availability, and we intend to have essentially an unlimited Six Sigma offering and we do 
believe that we'll likely have the opportunity to offer a broad array of customers the option of what level of availability 
they would like and within that range from a very good disaster recovery assurances all the way up to continuous 
availability in all circumstances which we believe there is probably opportunity to position some part of that scale as 
higher value that could be sold and it's fairly early in the process, but it is very clear that our intensions are to offer a 
range of services and give our clients the ability to pick exactly what they want. 

<Q - Andrew Jeffrey>: Okay. Thanks very much. 

<A - David Mangum>: Thanks Andrew. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from Dan Perlin. Sir, please state your affiliation and pose your question. 

<Q - Daniel Perlin>: Thanks. Stifel Nicolaus & Company. My question really is on I guess it's three of them, 
investment service margins, as we think about it over the next, let's say 12 or 18 months or something within that time 
horizon. I'm wondering to what extent we are going to see margins actually possibly significantly improve, once you 
make this conversion from kind of APL to your new platform EPL, because if you go back and you look at margins on 


that business when you guys were running at half the number of portfolios, I mean it was, you know, in the upper 20's 
and I suspect there is some duplicative costs today but once you've switched that off, I would say you know be possible 
for you to get back in mid-20's. Is that a fair assessment or just you know crazy thinking? 

<A - David Mangum>: I think Dan that your assessment is fair. I probably disagree with you on the timing of that 
potential. We are going to do, as we have talked about earlier in the call. We're going to start some betas in the summer. 
We will start some migrations over the course of fiscal '07, that means as you run toward fiscal '08 you will be doing 
the bulk of the migrations. So I might dispute your timing, in other words you are too early in how you think about a 
return to higher profitability over an elimination to use your terms of duplicative costs but we certainly are making the 
investment in EPL expecting to run this business at something closer to historic profitability level for the long-term 
absolutely. 

<Q - Daniel Perlin>: Great the other question I have is you know when you talk about the context of the data center 
for disaster recovery, but I am wondering if kind of in conjunction with that you're not going to do some sort of roll up 
strategy within the PhoneCharge and EPS business where you kind of running today on you know the spare platforms, 
but you are going to spend all this money for these data centers to the extent that you can consolidate that platform for 
either last minute bill pay or walk in bill pay, is that something you are contemplating? 

<A - Pete Kight>: You know you are certainly looking along the right part of the business that's, you know our 
estimate right now with no new acquisitions, no other changes, by the time we turn the new data centers' light we will 
at that time be running 9 different data centers, so there's no question there is opportunity for increased efficiency as we 
bring up the new data centers. 

<Q - Daniel Perlin>: Okay and then lastly I think the follow up on Wayne's question about the competitive market 
with the card companies, Visa, MasterCard associations in particular, one of the things I guess we kind of tossed 
around in the past is your either ability to partner with or potentially acquire something in loyalty, tying to bill payment 
and I would just like to get an update on that? 

<A - Pete Kight>: There is definitely, it's interesting to watch as the overall cost of electronic banking including 
electronic billing and payment. If you track the financial institutions' cost you know they have come down dramatically 
in the last 4 years and there is simply no question that this is a tremendous profit tool for especially the big financial 
service organizations, so certainly I do believe is going to be increasing room for the financial institutions to be more 
creative going forward. And one of the things which I probably should have added to the credit card question is there is 
no question that we will end up adding certain components of credit card and debit card access to our core, bill payment 
platform choice. So you will have the opportunity as a consumer to choose for individual payments, what type of 
accounts you want those payments to come out of. And I think at the same time, we're going to continue to see changes 
in the way in which credit and loyalty rewards are issued through these organizations, particularly as you see 
transaction accounts start to align but within the big financial institutions with investment accounts, there is going to be 
rewards for making transactions, there is going to be rewards for incoming transactions. I think it's a pretty dynamic 
marketplace over the next five years. 

<Q - Daniel Perlin>: Is that something that you think you would have as part of your upfront offering or would be the 
end result of the financial institutions offering it and then applying it to electronic bill payment? 

<A - Pete Kight>: Wouldn't be prepared to comment on that at this stage. 

<Q - Daniel Perlin>: Okay, great. Thank you very much, good quarter. 

<A - David Mangum>: Thanks Dan. 

Operator 

Thank you very much. Our next question is coming from Elizabeth Grausam [Goldman Sachs]. 


<Q - Gregory Gould>: This is Greg Gould in for Liz. We have got two conference calls on at the same time. Dave I 
wanted to get a little more clarity on the software business, someone had asked earlier about organic growth for the 
whole company. Could you help us with the, what was the organic growth with just the software piece and what kind of 
organic growth should we think is reasonable going forward with all the positive trends you talked about earlier on? 

<A - David Mangum>: Yeah I think that that's and Greg I don't remember if we've talked about this much that's a – 
that long term growth approach for software is a significant topic for us internally. We think we are executing very well 
and we are asking ourselves the question of how fast can we grow that business over the long term. And so I'd continue 
to tell you we are analyzing that and thinking about that on a quarterly basis, and we owe you an answer to that over the 
long term, but we're working on it as hard as we can. In terms of the actual acquisition fueled growth, I think what you 
find for that segment if you're looking at sort of on a year-to-date basis, it's a little tough to tell but an awful lot of the 
growth is of course coming from the acquisition of Accurate which is really performing well for us, along with a very 
solid organic growth in the securities channel, will link to the ORM solution selling that Pete described in the 
comments. Off the top of my head I actually don't have that number in front of me, I'll be happy to get it back to you a 
little bit later in terms of the mix there but remember Accurate was a late '05 acquisition not an '06. 

<Q - Gregory Gould>: Right. 

<A>: So while it's helping a lot, it is not the answer here for growth in software. 

<Q - Gregory Gould>: Okay. And then one other question for walk-in bill payments, we've seen a big or an uptick in 
Western Union's consumer to business division. Are you seeing a similar trend with APS? 

<A>: In terms of – can you describe that a little bit more, the uptick you're seeing in Western Union relative to what 
you'd expect to see from APS? 

<Q - Gregory Gould>: It just – it's momentum – it just seems that industry momentum has picked up a bit. Are you 
seeing something similar? 

<A>: Yeah, I think that maybe the direct core, or the direct comparison there to the transactions you are talking about is 
what we would call a non-contracted bill payment transaction. 

<Q - Gregory Gould>: Right. 

<A>: So, the consumer who's making a transaction for any biller we can pay rather than those who have authorized us 
to be their provider in geographic area. That's a book of transaction that is growing very nicely for us. The authorized 
business you'll recall is a modestly growing business and that is still the majority, in fact the significant majority of all 
transactions, but yes on a non-contracted basis, which again is what I think would be sort of the analogy for a Western 
Union transaction, we're seeing very solid growth 

<Q - Gregory Gould>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

<A - David Mangum>: Sure, thanks Greg. 

Operator 

Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen, our last question we have in queue is coming from Craig Peckham. Sir 
please state your affiliation and pose your question. 

<Q - Craig Peckham>: Hi, Craig Peckham from Jefferies. Thanks for letting me in under the wire here. I wondered if 
you could just take a step back for a second. As we look at the year obviously it's been pretty tricky with the revenue 
coming and going but, are there any investments as you look at the year that maybe you feel like you've had to be a 
little bit more restrained on timing wise I remember back in the fourth quarter, I think you said you were behind the 
plan at that time in terms of some of the discretionary spend? 


<A - David Mangum>: I would say, Craig, that I think we posted a very strong year, an especially strong year given 
the things we've had to manage this year. I don't know that there is anything that we have to use your word sort of 
turned off at any point. You'll recall we've talked before about wishing we had actually invested more, invested faster. 
That's not because we shut off faucets for lack of a better metaphor right now. It's because we didn't hire as fast as we 
might have expected; we didn't pull off programs as quickly as we might have hoped. But I'm not aware of us shutting 
down anything as we talked about long before the year started, the quarters were never going to be perfect this year, but 
I think should we go ahead and achieve the expectations we have for Q4 we'll have posted a very strong year while still 
investing in an awful lot of programs, initiatives and ideas for the long term. 

<A - Pete Kight>: Yeah, I would really say that I think the opposite was the – we try to push the opposite side of that 
case which is we actually tried to invest faster, we did increase our investment and again as I announced today, we are 
going to step up the investment a bit more you know what we found out was we could only execute so fast. I wish we 
could have executed faster but it's my job along with the other leaders here to make sure we don't invest faster than 
unwisely. So I think, we did a very good job of investing well as fast as we could, probably if we could have invested a 
little bit faster and executed well, I would have liked to have, we certainly didn't hold anything back we actually tried to 
speed it up a bit. 

<Q - Craig Peckham>: Pete, how do you think, you'll end up getting paid on the disaster recovery investments, I mean 
is this something that you're hearing more and more from customers currently, do you think that there's any clients that 
this may have been a swing factor for? 

<A - Pete Kight>: So, we have heard fair amounts from our clients and it's cascaded starting with the biggest which the 
biggest isn't a customer, happens to be the U.S. government, and we work very closely with them, whether we want to 
or not, we're considered to be a major infrastructure supplier to the U.S. financial services systems. So we are audited 
by the same group of organizations that all of the major banks are. We have very close working relationships with them 
and we understood very clearly fairly long ago that the requirements were going to go up dramatically starting with the 
biggest suppliers. And we're among the very biggest suppliers. And we heard that loud and clear and we also happen to 
believe that they are correct and that we should be well ahead of any kind of problems that are introduced to the U.S. 
financial services systems from a security or a tax standpoint. So we started investing ahead of time, we were ahead 
when the big financial institutions started bringing in their higher level requests, we've stayed ahead as sort of 
awareness of where we are all headed has started to move out through the financial services industry. And I can tell you 
it's a much bigger deal with much greater awareness among parts of the financial services industry but it will get 
everywhere. And as I said, there is just no question, that's going to be ultimately be required. It isn't necessarily going 
to be required to go as far as we're going to go. We do believe there is opportunity to be able to accrue additional value 
for the highest level with continuous availability. We don't have really any detail we're prepared to talk about today, but 
we do believe both in terms of a differentiator, in terms of continuing to define a level of quality that you are going to 
need to have to compete in this space. And the ability to be able to define what you can get paid for in the space, we 
think we are doing the right thing by investing ahead of the market here. 

<Q - Craig Peckham>: I'll take the liberty of one more question since I'm the last one on the call but can you give us a 
refresher David on the economics and on the bill presentment side? I believe the revenue is still – have reported in the 
other revenue component of e-commerce but if you could give us kind of sense of how the business was in there if you 
could? 

<A - David Mangum>: Yes, I will be happy to Craig, no problem with one more question. The actual revenue for 
e-bills at on the average of about $0.20 a bill is actually appearing in payment services revenue right now. And that's a 
metric that I am not sure Craig, if you and I've talked about it directly but certainly with others, we are going to be 
looking hard at our metrics which has served us very well for the last three years or so. As we enter 2007 having added 
PhoneCharge and now seeing revenue per transaction in payment services being north of that in full service, then you 
are seeing a $0.10 increase for instance in payment services certainly gives us all the reasons in the world to look hard 
at metrics and make sure we can give you the most efficient modeling tools for the next three years if we can, as we 
head into 2007. So we'll take all of these on but to answer your question directly the revenues are actually in payment 
services for the moment and we will be thinking about those metrics as we go forward. 


<Q - Craig Peckham>: Thanks. Great quarter. 

<A - David Mangum>: Thanks a lot Craig. 

Pete Kight, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

That's great. Operator that's all the time we have available for today. I want to thank everybody for spending an hour 
with us here at the end of the quarter and look forward to talking to you at the end of the fiscal year. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you very much ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's conference and you may disconnect your lines 
and have a wonderful day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2008, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


