Q4 2006 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• David Mangum, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Pete Kight, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Bryan Keane 
• Tien-tsin Huang 
• Elizabeth Grausam 
• Greg Smith 
• Cannon Carr 
• Wayne Johnson 
• John Kraft 
• Andrew Jeffrey 
• Tim Murray 
• David Koning 
• Daniel Perlin 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the CheckFree Sponsored Fourth Quarter Earnings Release 
Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode and we will open the floor for 
your questions and comments following the presentation. 

It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, David Mangum. Sir, the floor is yours. 

David Mangum, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. With me today on the call is our Chairman and Chief Executive 
Officer, Pete Kight. Before we start, please note that some of the statements we will make today will not be historical, 
but rather forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
These statements reflect management's intentions, plans, beliefs, expectations, or projections of the future. However 
CheckFree's actual results may differ from these current expectations. 

Forward-looking statements involve various risks and uncertainties including those inherent in our business and others 
that we detail from time to time in our publicly filed reports and press releases, including the press release issued earlier 
today, our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2005, filed November 8 2005; our Form 10-Q for the 
quarter ended December 31, 2005, filed February 8, 2006; our Form 10-Q for the quarter year ended March 31, 2006, 
filed May 9, 2006; and our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2005, filed September 2, 2005, particularly the 
section titled Business – Business Risks. 

Please also note that in accordance with the Sarbanes-Oxley act of 2002 and Securities and Exchange Commission 
requirements, CheckFree publicly discloses all financial results using Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or 


GAAP. However, in today's call, we will also discuss our non-GAAP performance measures of underlying revenue, 
underlying net income, underlying earnings per share, and free cash flow. 

As we mentioned during last quarter's call, SFAS 144, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived 
Assets, requires us to report the results of our M-Solutions business, which we disposed of in February 2006, including 
any gain or loss on the sale as an income statement item separately captioned "income from discontinued operations" 
on our GAAP basis income statement. This treatment is required for all periods presented not just the period in which 
the sale took place. For underlying and for consistency purposes, however, we have reported M-Solutions as we 
historically reported it as part of our operations. Therefore our fiscal year-end reconciliation of GAAP to underlying 
results show the impact of the divestiture on revenue and operating income in total and for the investment services 
segment. 

Our underlying numbers and free cash flow are reconciled to their appropriate GAAP equivalents in our press release 
and the accompanying attachments, which were distributed at 4 o' clock today. The materials are also available in the 
Investor Center section of our website at checkfreecorp.com. 

For the fourth quarter, CheckFree's consolidated revenue was $224.9 million reflecting 12% growth over the fourth 
quarter last year. GAAP net income for the quarter was $29.4 million or $0.31 per share, underlying net income was 
$36.5 million or $0.39 per share. Free cash flow for the quarter was $29 million. Our GAAP consolidated revenue for 
fiscal 2006 was $879.4 million representing growth of 17% over the previous fiscal year and underlying consolidated 
revenue of 884.4 million represented a 17% growth over the previous fiscal year as well. GAAP net income for the year 
was 127.2 million or $1.36 per share. Underlying net income was $168.8 million – $160.8 million or $1.72 per share. 
Free cash flow for the fiscal year was $170.2 million. And now I would like to turn the call over to Pete Kight. Pete. 

Pete Kight, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. In opening, I will say that I am pleased with the results of our overall fiscal 
2006 performance. CheckFree posted solid results for the year while managing though a lot of moving parts during 
2006. We absorbed a lot in one year while continuing to invest in the business and I am proud of what these people 
accomplished this year. 

For the fourth quarter, however, our Electronic Commerce Division reported lighter consumer transaction growth and 
the division fell short of our expectations as you are now aware. We processed 302.2 million transactions during the 
quarter representing 3% sequential quarterly growth. For the year, we reported 1.13 billion transactions representing 
25% annual growth. 

In our Full Service category, we processed 217.2 million payments this quarter representing 5% sequential quarterly 
growth. For the year we processed 793.7 million full service transactions representing a 34% annual increase. 

For Payment Services, we processed 85 million payments for this quarter and that's a 2% sequential quarterly decline. 
We processed 338.5 million payment service transactions for the year representing 8% sequential annual increase. 

We will continue to research the causes of the Q4 transaction and growth softness in more depth. It appears that 
combination of a recurring trend we have seen previously where there are fewer billing cycles in April and therefore 
consumers make fewer payments in the month and a temporary disruption in consumer transaction behavior at our 
large bank clients that switched to non-flow or what we call risk-based processing. The April comp and payment 
transactions is a calendar-based transaction issue, it's not a bank-based phenomenon. As consumer transaction growth 
slowed in all payment channels, in the online channel, the walk-in channel, and the IVR phone payment channel and in 
fact we saw a 4% growth in bank-based payments, but a decline in the growth of our non-bank payments, the net yield 
about 3% average. 

The slowdown appears unique in the fourth quarter as our consumer transaction growth rate is back to traditional levels 
entering the first quarter of fiscal 2007. 


The addition of both new consumers and new financial institutions was healthy for the quarter. Retention was up for 
both. E-bill growth is accelerating with solid increases in volumes and good numbers for new biller signings throughout 
the year and our Q4 new biller signings were particularly strong. As e-bill is an important value-added catalyst to 
consumer usage, we believe increased biller participation is particularly significant. It's an area where we have been 
focusing and our expectations for 2007 are high. 

We delivered 50 million electronic bills during the fourth quarter, which represents a 7% sequential quarterly increase. 
For the year, we reported 184.6 million e-bills, a 32% increase year-over-year. Overall for the year, I am pleased with 
the performance of the EC Division. With 14% sequential annual growth, this unit provided solid results, especially in 
a year of managing so many events. I expect EC to do well in 2007. The division has an added objective to gain market 
share in 2007, I think it has a very good chance of accomplishing that. 

In our Software Division, we reported sales in line with our expectations for the quarter with all products lines 
contributing to the result. Overall for the year, I am pleased with the software unit's solid operating performance. 
Combination of improved processes, enhanced product offerings, and an improved execution strategy based on our best 
installed solution commitment have contributed to the unit's success in '06. 

In Investment Services, we reported almost 2.3 million accounts on our systems through the end of the quarter and for 
the year representing a 20% increase in portfolios under management year-over-year. We continue to ramp up 
CheckFree EPL, our ability to attract new customers and retain our existing customers remains high. The operational 
model we have created allows us to support both APL and EPL and meet the needs of the separately managed account 
industry. 

We expect the first few clients to migrate to the CheckFree EPL platform in the second half of fiscal '07. Overall, our 
initiative to improve capabilities related to high availability and disaster recovery is on track. We continue to invest on 
schedule and we will consider this a key investment opportunity throughout the next year. Now I'll turn you back over 
to Dave for a closer look at the quarter's financial results. Dave? 

David Mangum, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks Pete. I'll review our fourth quarter results, describe some changes we plan to make to reporting metrics as we 
enter 2007, and then review our financial expectations for 2007. 

Total transaction growth for the fourth quarter was 3% with 5% Full Service transaction growth. Full Service revenue 
per transaction decreased by $0.03 in the quarter. In addition to normal quarterly declines from tier-based pricing, 
revenue per transaction reflects a full quarter impact on float revenue related to the late February conversion of our 
largest customer to risk-based processing. 

In Payment Services, revenue per transaction remained flat in the quarter. Transactions declined in our walk-in and 
phone-based payment channels and the biller-direct transactions remained flat. In aggregate then, the decline in float 
revenue combined with lower than expected transaction growth resulted in a sequential quarterly decline in Electronic 
Commerce revenue of $2.9 million in the quarter. 

In Software, total revenue was about flat sequentially as we expected. Our operating margin in Software was 15% in 
the quarter reflecting seasonally high accelerated commissions and continued investments in the business. 

In Investments Services, we reported another quarter of solid portfolio growth. Sequential quarterly revenue and 
operating income were affected by the February divesture of M-Solutions and operating margins remain in the 
mid-teens. 

Overall, despite managing several moving parts, we did a solid job of maintaining operating margins in line with our 
expectations throughout the year. And I am pleased with our full year results. 

Now I will turn to reporting metrics for fiscal 2007. The convergence of revenue per transaction between our Full 
Service and Payment Services categories means that the distinction between the two categories is leaving its relevance. 


For Q4, for example, revenue per transaction for Full Service was $0.50 while revenue per transaction for Payment 
Services was $0.55. When combined with the emerging relative importance of our electronic billing business, we 
believe it is time to restructure our performance metrics to be more useful to investors for modeling purposes. 

Starting in the first quarter of fiscal 2007, we will begin reporting total payment transactions with related revenue and 
revenue per transaction, total e-bills delivered with related revenue and revenue per e-bill and total other Electronic 
Commerce revenue unchanged from historical reporting, which includes our health and fitness business and other 
implementations and services revenue. 

Additionally, to provide investors with the ability to gauge adoption progress in the emerging electronic billing and 
payment market, we will continue to report Full Service EBP active subscribers as we have done for the past four years. 
To assist you with modeling the transition to these metrics, we have provided you with eight quarters of historical 
results restated to reflect these performance metrics in Attachment D of our press release. 

Turning now to fiscal 2007 financial expectations, we expect the GAAP earnings per share of between $1.58 and $1.62 
and underlying earnings per share of between $1.90 and $1.94. This represents 10 to 13% growth over fiscal 2006. As a 
reminder, we divested the M-Solutions business in February. Excluding that divestiture, underlying EPS was $1.70 in 
2006 and growth would be 12 to 14% year-over-year in 2007. 

We expect to post this type of growth despite the carryover impact of the loss of high margin, TransPoint minimum and 
float revenues in fiscal 2006. In addition, we expect to maintain CheckFree's underlying operating margin in our 
targeted mid to upper 20% range for the full year. 

In Q4, we began execution of our long-term data center strategy. In fact, about $2 million of capital expenditures 
started in Q4, which we did not originally anticipate occurring until FY 2007. We currently expect the construction 
portion of the project to cost $100 million over the course of the next couple of years with as much as $85 million of 
that coming in fiscal 2007. 

The construction costs will flow through capital expenditures on the cash flow statement. However, we will receive 
dollar for dollar reimbursement from the financing facility. The reimbursements will flow through the financing section 
of our cash flow statement. Because of this, we believe it is appropriate to revise our definition of free cash flow to add 
back reimbursement for the financing facility expenditures. Utilizing this definition, we expect free cash flow in the 
range of 190 to $195 million in fiscal 2007 from ongoing operations which represent as much as 15% growth over 
fiscal 2006. 

Turning now to first quarter expectations, we anticipate revenue in the range of 226 to $231 million and earnings per 
share of 0.29 to $0.31 on a GAAP basis and 0.37 to $0.39 on an underlying basis. 

In Electronic Commerce, we expect sequential transaction growth of 4 to 7% and total revenue per transaction to 
decrease by about a penny. We expect a seasonally slow license sales quarter and a decrease in revenue from our 
Software business versus Q4 performance. We also expect solid portfolio growth from Investment Services. As a 
reminder, incentive and sales compensation payments will dampen free cash flow for the first quarter. 

A final note, during Q4, we repurchased more than 550,000 shares of stock for approximately $26 million. This 
brought our fiscal 2006 total repurchases to approximately 700,000 shares for about $33 million. Our Board of 
Directors have approved up to $100 million for the repurchase of stock between now and July 31, 2007. 

And now I will turn it back to Pete for some final thoughts. Pete? 

Pete Kight, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

So in summarizing 2006, I will say again I am pleased with the performance, but while absorbing a loss of high margin 
revenue from the expiration of the TransPoint guarantees and even higher margin in the last float revenue from the 
large bank processing conversion, which again we think was the right move for the long run, CheckFree posted solid 
growth in 2006. I think in fact those results provide excellent insight into the strength of the underlying business. 


So before I move to 2007, I will summarize our perspective on transaction growth since I am sure there are some 
questions in this area. We are projecting good consistent growth in 2007. So again, I am going to state our job here is to 
supply you with the underlying facts supporting those projections given what I think are going to be a lot of questions 
about the Q4 transaction softness. 

We start in looking at the business at the four basic drivers of the EC business. As we exit 2006, consumer growth is on 
track, financial institution growth is on track, biller growth is on track and retention is actually slightly stronger. It's 
interesting that you – we sometimes have to remind ourselves as we've gone through the analysis on Q4, consumers 
didn't leave the system, we added at a consistent level and retention is very solid. The most consistent consumer 
behaviors we have tracked for more than a decade is consumers don't stop paying their bills electronically even when 
they switch banks or move a household. Underlying business shows the consumers on our system continue to grow 
steadily and they continue to have similar commitment to managing their billing and payments electronically. 

At the same time, we continue to add new consumer service providers who reach out to a new set of consumer EBP 
adopters. So, those are components we start with as we begin to project 2007. 

We completed a solid year of signing new primary billers and we have good opportunity to add to our leadership 
position in the financial institution market where we have set the target for increasing our market share in 2007. With 
the Wachovia conversion successfully completed, we expect they will now concentrate on accelerating their electronic 
billing and payment growth as they become more competitive in the consumer retail marketplace. We just completed 
adding a record total of new regional and local banks. These are all components that constitute the drivers of the core 
electronic billing and payment business. 

Our primary concern in our EC Division entering 2007 is we still have to execute to balance operations with the 
investments in infrastructure and new product innovations that got us here in the first place and that becomes more 
complex as we grow and add new operating standards such high availability, disaster recovery and ever-increasing 
level of complexity in service infrastructure. 

Investment Services in 2007 will be managing both the growing dynamic market for separately managed accounts on 
the market-leading APL platform and we will be managing the initial migration phase of our EPL platform. So I will 
pass on telling you one more time about the advantages of this enhanced portfolio lifecycle of new platform and just 
point out that this market appears very dynamic. The market continues to move towards fee-based managed accounts 
and we expect this trend will continue for the foreseeable future. 

We continue to support APL even as we invest in the new EPL platform and we continue to experience steady growth 
in new clients and new portfolio volume. So probably just about everyone in this call is better equipped to guess what 
the market is going to do over the next 12 months than me, but outside that bet, I remain very bullish on the managed 
accounts market, our investment in the EPL platform and the Investment Services division overall. 

That said, we don't underestimate the complexity of managing the existing APL platform while introducing the EPL 
platform. This division will have to execute very well in 2007 to stay ahead. 

Software continues to do a steady job of gaining market share globally in our chosen markets. In the past two years, 
this group has done a tremendous job of turning that business from one of slower inconsistent growth to one that 
achieved steady growth and consistent profit contribution. They've improved the quality of the product delivery which 
is a great differentiator, a greater differentiator than price in this high complexity, high risk financial services area in 
which we serve. We still need to figure out in this division how to grow it faster, but we are willing to invest in that 
effort. 

In summary, we have lot of work ahead in order to manage all the investments we've planned for 2007 and be able to 
execute at a higher level of efficiency and effectiveness. We think our opportunity to expand market share is better than 
it has been in several years. At the same time, we will continue to focus on execution and invest in both infrastructure 
and in innovation. Achievement in those areas provides us with tremendous opportunity to grow the leadership in these 
respective markets in which we compete. 


That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we are ready to take questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, the floor is now open for your questions. [Operator Instructions]. And we 
will take the first question from Bryan Keane [Prudential Securities]. Sir, your line is live. 

<Q - Bryan Keane>: Hi, good afternoon. Just a couple of follow-ups on the slowdown in transaction growth. I guess, 
first, did you only see the weakness in April and did it pick back up in May and June? And then I guess following on 
that is July back to normalized levels? I mean, you probably already have seen the July numbers. I guess that's the first 
question. 

<A - Pete Kight>: So the answer is April was – is the one where clearly the loss of a billing cycle among a larger 
number of billers than we realized caused the biggest drop in transaction growth. The transaction growth does improve 
in May and June, but one of the differences this quarter over previous quarters is it didn't improve as much in May and 
June as it has in previous quarters. So again, there was – underlying that, there is a larger number of people this year 
than in previous years from our analysis that what we call were payment skippers. They stay active and they continue 
to make transactions, but they appear to skip a transaction sometime in April, May and/or June. And this is the first 
year that we've seen this kind of impact across all of the payment groups. The walk-in payment, which of course is a 
bigger part of our component than it was two years ago when we didn't own it, biller-direct was flat. So it went across a 
broader cross-section of all of the payment origination categories and it didn't bounce back as fast as it has. Yes, July is 
back on to a normal transaction growth level. 

<Q - Bryan Keane>: And even when you saw that slowdown in April, the bank paying through I guess the – 
consumers paying through the banks that grew 4% sequentially? Correct – right? 

<A - Pete Kight>: That's correct. 

<Q - Bryan Keane>: Okay and then what was the risk-based – the movement to the risk based and there was a hiccup 
there, did that affect transactions volume? 

<A - Pete Kight>: Yes. It's clear that and there is a difference in user experience when you move – when we have 
moved financial institutions in the past from the good funds, I guess, to – if I end up using terms that don't – you don't 
understand let me know. But when you move from good funds to non-float, which essentially is the payment type that 
we make the payment on the day the payment is due as opposed to taking money from the account early, because the 
money comes out of the consumer's account at a different time. used to come out earlier, now it comes out on the day 
it's due and that's a good thing. The consumers resoundingly like it better in the long run, it does in fact create a 
difference in user experience. And we found a bigger disruption in this big bank conversion than we had experienced 
with at smaller banks. And so without question, there was a significant disruption in those three months in those 
consumers executing their payments. 

That I think is why the April drop actually didn't come back as fast as it had previously in May and June. 

Operator 

Thank you very much we will take our next question from Tien-tsin Huang [JP Morgan]. Sir, your line is live. 

<Q - Tien-tsin Huang>: Thanks. Just a question I guess on the first quarter guidance, you have a little bit like déjà vu 
to me I guess where you got conservative in the first quarter and end up outperforming. So anything different this year 
as it pertains to the first quarter, it sounds like the DR investment is going to be pretty heavy in the first quarter? 


<A - David Mangum>: Yeah, Tien-tsin, this is David. I don't know if there is anything materially different as we think 
about the first quarter. Certainly, it comes off of a challenging Q4 so that might color your perceptions or even our 
perceptions of Q1. But I think if you think of the pieces by segment of Q1 at least on the revenue side, we do expect the 
software decline in Q1 over Q4, or a fairly traditional software decline for our business. We expect solid portfolio 
growth and hence solid sequential revenue growth from investment services, and then we expect the 4% to 7% 
transaction growth in EC driving solid sequential revenue performance. But when you add those together recognizing 
that software decline is going to come from high margin revenue you end up with the earnings outlook for Q1 that you 
see. 

It is not heavily colored by the DR investment. Most of the expense portion of the DR investment will not come to 
CheckFree until 2008 when we begin to bring a data center live for example. So most of that will flow through the cash 
flow statement as I described in the prepared comments, but won't really affect the P&L. We clearly have DR 
investments on an ongoing basis but the big numbers I described earlier really aren't hitting the P&L, they come in 
future periods. So if you again go back to Q1 and summer I think you have a fair comment saying déjà vu because of 
the conditions of the business solid EC and CIS sequential growth offset by at a certain level, software declining are 
fairly traditional for our business. 

<Q - Tien-tsin Huang>: Got you. I guess just to follow-up here on that, the first quarter margin, looks like the implied 
margin is perhaps a little below the mid-20s if I am calculating that correctly. Should we assume that just a normal 
progression from there? 

<A - David Mangum>: I think what you see is you know you'll see probably a fairly accelerating progression not 
coming necessarily on a specific margin, but certainly if you head towards the low end of the range you could end up in 
the place you are talking about Tien-tsin. Over the course of the year I expect actually more scale; in other words, we 
are sort of managing margin again. If you think about the fourth quarter 2006 and the volume challenges, it's fair to say 
that from an expense perspective we may be slightly ahead of ourselves. 

We have continued to invest as you know in R&D and in marketing. We also had staffed our care centers – our 
customer care centers for processing more transactions in a period. That remains true. So as we head over the course of 
'07 not necessarily Q1, I expect we'll see pretty nice scale over the course of Q1, Q3, and into Q4. So winded answer to 
your question but it's not unfair to suggest we will be right in that mid-20s range but at the low end on the way towards 
better performance as the year goes on and then our full year performance right now are middle to upper 20s range, 
again on a full year basis. 

<Q - Tien-tsin Huang>: Got you. Now that makes sense given the incremental margins, it's helpful, and then just 
really quickly maybe if you can give us some directional guidance for the three segments in terms of margins in '07? 

<A - David Mangum>: Yeah, on a full year basis I think you will see modest progress frankly in each of the three 
segments. If you look to software we expect to see progress there above the full year performance. Over the course of 
the year in investment services the same thing will happen, we expect to see again solid portfolio growth and we've got 
a pretty substantial invested expense base already there in investments services with the combination of managing EPL 
and APL that Pete described earlier. And then in EC, you know considering a revenue decline we exit Q4 at a 
substantially lower margin than we've seen in a long time, and we have room to continue scaling the processing. Again 
we are going to continue to manage that mid to upper 20s in total margin but there is room at the segment level for 
incremental products for each of the four quarters. 

Operator 

Thank you very much. We will take the next question from Liz Grausam [Goldman, Sachs & Co.]. Ma'am your line is 
live. 

<Q - Elizabeth Grausam>: Sure, if you can just help us understand the sequential growth relative to your outlook into 
the quarter of 5 to 8% transaction growth, and bridging down to the 3% you actually realized, how much was due to the 


disruption specifically in April, how much is due to the specific decline in payment services, and did Wachovia convert 
at the schedule that you had expected or is there any disruption there? 

<A - David Mangum>: Yeah, I think I'll do those in reverse order, but we are not going to really disaggregate every 
piece of the transaction growth, we continue to analyze those explanations and work harder on the analytics. In reverse 
order, Wachovia did indeed convert on time. So we saw the last of their consumers convert in May. And in Q4 we have 
what I'll describe as basically 75 to 80% of all those transactions fully on our platform in Q4, so essentially a fully 
quarter of Wachovia on the platform. If you keep going sort of back up stream on your question list, the way I think 
about it is we saw reduced transaction growth in every channel. In full service that means we saw the 5% growth, and 
that's the bank EBP for full service. If you add to that, our other bank customers who appear in payment services that 
becomes the 4% sequential growth that Pete described earlier. And then you recognize flat biller-direct growth and 
literal reductions in transactions from our walk-in channel, and our phone-based channel, and that brings you to the 3% 
in aggregate. 

<Q - Elizabeth Grausam>: And in the walk-in channel and the phone channel, were you really surprised by these 
results, as they are somewhat new businesses for you through acquisitions. And do you think are there any other 
seasonal trends that you know about those businesses that we might expect through the year? 

<A - David Mangum>: Yeah, you know the honest answer is yes we were surprised by those trends. They are new 
businesses and in fact we were talking before that we purchased APS at the end of '04. And if there had been an April 
there, we obviously didn't see too much of it from an ownership perspective. Not unlike the bank based trend that Pete 
described, anything happening in this channel this quarter was a little more precipitous than we've seen. The other 
seasonality we talked about from time to time is there will be dips or flatness in transactions. In the walk-in channel 
during the winter months where at sometimes new consumer can skip certain utility bills as you get to the winter 
months. But it's also fair to same sort of the back end of your question was that the phone channel is a little bit new to 
us, and I don't have another seasonality answer to the phone channel right now. 

<Q - Elizabeth Grausam>: And then on the customer that converted you know off of the float platform, can you give 
us any sense in other customers that you converted if you've seen similar disruption at the beginning, how long that 
disruption lasted, and when you – with the one quarter two quarters a year before you saw a turnaround in that 
transaction growth? 

<A - Pete Kight>: The experience we had before is we have seen that disruption before. We actually have continued to 
improve the communication marketing materials that we supply banks with when we work with them on that 
conversion, sometimes they use our stuff at different levels. The experience we have is that the consumer needs a 
couple of billing cycles. So in short, it usually just takes – inside the quarter, it takes a couple of months, so they see the 
billing cycle and they realize, oh, that's why my bank statement looks differently, that's why in some cases I bounced a 
check because I made this bill payment, I used to be able to make a bill payment and then go to the store the next day 
and write a check or use debit card and the payment wasn't coming out for another couple of – the payment had already 
come out, now when I make a bill payment, the payment isn't coming out until the actual due date. That's a different 
time when it was a month before and haven't experienced a change like that. They become what we track as a skipper 
and that's a person we track in our system, says they are still active, they are still makings payments, but all of a sudden 
they have started to skip one or two payments. We track that, the skippers were clearly up in this Q4 and we don't track 
nearly as many skippers now in July going in the '07. So, the answer is it looks like it's one quarter, it has been 
previously because they really just need a couple of payment cycles to get comfortable with the new experience. 

Operator 

Thank you very much. We will take the next question from Greg Smith [Merrill Lynch]. Sir, your line is live. 

<Q - Greg Smith>: Yeah, hi. I was hoping if we could drill down a little more on the walk-in bill payment business, 
just wondering can you talk a little bit about what's going on with your agent base there, are you getting any agents 
leaving or any other color that may be could have accounted for this weakness such as market share loss, just some 


more color there would be appreciated. 

<A - Pete Kight>: The agent base actually is growing pretty healthily. We are adding – actually sort of I think we've 
discovered a breakthrough in being able to add organizations that create multiple agent bases, companies that have lots 
of outlets as opposed to one-off agents, which is how APS, the company that we bought mostly did it. So, I like the 
agent growth. I think we spent a full year learning how to deal with the agents, which is a different organization, 
different process, different communication, different marketing for us compared to payment service providers we dealt 
with in the past, financial institutions. 

But that is – we are clearly better at that today than we have been. So I would tell you I wish it was something under 
our more direct control, but I could tell you here's exactly how we are going to change that in two quarters. But the fact 
is we run that business today and we were running it in Q4 better than we've run it in previous quarters. We are getting 
better by the quarter with more agents by the quarter. 

It's a – we understand some of why the consumers skip these payments, but I will tell you we still have to research 
where the payments went, do they double up in the next quarter, how many of them were skipped credit card payment 
that was offered in April and that payment isn't coming back, how many skipped utility payment and they just make the 
payment in the next month. I mean, it's – we understand the basics at a reasonable level, but I still think there is a lot of 
detail that – as we go through it, I think we'll continue to learn more and hopefully find some levers we can pull, but I 
don't think there's any easy answers to why consumers simply averaged fewer payments in this April quarter. 

<Q - Greg Smith>: Okay and then just putting aside the actual transaction activity, just broadly on the online channel, 
did adoption rate progress sort of consistently in the quarter, was there anything unusual about that just the total number 
of new people coming on and signing up for bill pay during the quarter? 

<A - Pete Kight>: Total number of new consumers coming on the system was very consistent and it did not reflect the 
same kind of graph that the transaction volume did. One thing I will add to the earlier point which is even more 
perplexing to me is biller direct payments where we provide a payment capability for a number of biller direct sites, 
they were flat quarter-over-quarter, no growth in biller direct payments at all, which – that was the one area that I 
thought if there is any area that will show weakness in something else we do, and it will show growth in biller direct. 
Biller direct was flat. 

<Q - Greg Smith>: Is that a same-store sales number? 

<A - David Mangum>: Did we add more sites during the quarter, Greg? 

<Q - Greg Smith>: Yeah. 

<A - David Mangum>: It is the same-store sales numbers, yes. 

<Q>: Pardon my interruption. 

<A - David Mangum>: No, no worries. 

<Q - Greg Smith>: And then one last question if I can, just where do you stand as far as from hearing from your 
banks, wanting to add credit card payment function to the online experience? 

<A - Pete Kight>: So, it's an interesting question. The banks, I would say, overall want to add credit card capability, 
but there is very little clarity on exactly how they want to add it. There is the whole issue of somebody has to pay 
interchange. Until the credit card companies step up and do something about that, someone has to pay interchange. So 
while we are building in the credit card capability and have had that offer on the table for going live for a while, no 
actual takers in terms of let's go to market right away with that because there are a lot of complexities. It sounds really 
easy and great when it is described in the media by somebody in favor of it. Those of us actually in the business which 
leads with the banks, are dealing with a lot of complexity because you can't simply rollout and offer an 
interchange-based bill payment system without figuring out who's going to pay the interchange. 


We do have a lot of works in that area, we have some pretty innovative solutions that we're working with the banks on 
that will be coming in to market, and you'll see I think some pretty clever answers to that question, but it isn't going to 
be simple. This is more complex than just wanting to offer credit card. 

Operator 

Thank you very much. We'll take the next question from Cannon Carr [CIBC World Markets]. Your line is live. 

<Q - Cannon Carr>: Just wanted to understand a little bit more just on the guidance front, and I think you and David 
kind of touched on the first quarter maybe being a little bit seasonally soft on software, but the guidance does kind of 
imply you some hockey stick or backend-loaded guidance there, what are some of the drivers there or any big moving 
parts? 

<A - David Mangum>: Sure, Can, this is David. I think the most obvious moving part is software scaling over the year 
and driving toward a pretty strong Q4. That's our outlook. You may recall for '06 we gave an outlook of a fairly balance 
here. That's not our outlook right now as the year shapes, and we look at our pipelines in our forecast. So that's answer 
number one. 

I think the second part of the answer really revolves a lot around the Q4 into Q1 transition. We've made the point I 
think several times that Q4 would represent sort of a new baseline from which to model the company. We did not know 
when we made that point what that new baseline would like or how it turned afterwards as the Q4 with this – with 
transaction challenges. What that means in practice is that we probably again are a little ahead of ourselves in terms of 
expenses, both investment levels as well as processing expenses as we exit Q4. 

What I believe that means if you look at '07 is pretty steady progress at, for instance, the gross margin line over the 
course of the year that will result in a more ramped 2007 than one would like to model or frankly one would like to 
plan, but I thinks it's the reality of our expense base and expense scale as we progress over the course of the year. And 
that will fundamentally – you have read those two together and you end up with kind of a start to Q1 that looks a little 
like as Tien-tsin asked before, sort of déjà vu in terms of getting started with the software challenges and catching up to 
processing challenges and then what we think will be a healthy scale over the back three quarters of the year. 

<Q - Cannon Carr>: Okay. That makes sense. And on the expenses side, what did kind of pull you forward earlier 
than you thought? 

<A - David Mangum>: Well, I wouldn't describe it as pulling forward so much, we built investment plans and expense 
plans around a transaction expectation, a revenue expectation for Electronic Commerce, that didn't happen. And as you 
go through and you look at your April results and you look at your May results and the finally look at the June, that 
brings you to sort of what we are reporting to you this evening, you have very little opportunity to really shutdown the 
expenditures on sort of a 45-day basis, just to pick the middle of the quarter for example. 

You have marketing campaigns in flight, you have R&D folks if you hired consultants to help finish off that project, 
you wanted to get in advance of 2007, they are here. They can be moved out, but you can't pull every lever that quickly 
and maybe even better steer it from a processing standpoint, you invested in let's say some mainframe capacity, maybe 
some nets that are on the floor that you didn't need during the quarter and/or customer care capacity that you might not 
need until you head deeper into fiscal 2007. So it's less about pulling things in and more about an alignment between 
expense level and transaction plus revenue level, if that makes sense. 

<Q - Cannon Carr>: That makes sense, okay, thank you. 

<A - David Mangum>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. We will take the next question from Wayne Johnson [Raymond James & Associates]. Sir your line is live. 


<Q - Wayne Johnson>: Yes, good afternoon. A couple of quick questions. What kind of tax rate are you guys guiding 
the Street to for fiscal '07? 

<A - David Mangum>: Wayne, as stated, that will be 38%. 

<Q - Wayne Johnson>: 38%. Okay and also on – is there a target of transactions per subscriber per month that we 
should be thinking about as we model out the company? 

<A - David Mangum>: Yeah, I think of that number and if you do it based on what we most recently reported as sort 
of full service transactions per active subscribers, you are in the low 7, 7.25 or so. We expect to see steadily increasing 
transactions per consumer. The challenge is answering that question coming off of a Q4 where we literally had 
transactions not appear as we expected. So I guess the long-term answer I give you, Wayne, is we expect to still see 
steady progress in transactions per consumer. But as we kick off from Q4, I don't have a metric to show you that right 
now. 

<Q - Wayne Johnson>: Right, right. And going back to the kind of research and development and SG&A expense in 
the fiscal fourth quarter of '06 and taking those numbers and going into '07 on an absolute basis, how those are going to 
track throughout the year? 

<A - David Mangum>: Yeah, so let's just talk about sort of how we enter the year and then maybe build from that until 
how the year might progress. I literally think you can see reduced R&D expenses in Q1, just as an example to pick one 
of our line items. I also think it's quite likely you'll see reduced sales and marketing. As you know, Wayne, we 
traditionally have an uptick in Q4 in sales and marketing around the compensation and in many cases programs, both of 
which are true for our Q4 of '06. 

In addition, you'll see I think more of a return to a more normal G&A line. So that will be an increase as you head into 
Q1. And then there will of course be an increase in costs of processing at some level in Q1, we are a little bit ahead of 
ourselves, but there will still be a bit of an increase there from a pure volume kind of a variable cost perspective. From 
there, I would expect that we won't see a lot of rapid growth in line items like sales and marketing and R&D as we go 
through the year. That really speaks more to that sort of scaling sequentially conversation I had earlier with Cannon and 
then before that with Tien-tsin. But I would not be surprised to see sales and marketing and R&D both down and really 
starting with a new base at a lower level in Q1, just to kick off the modeling exercise. 

<Q - Wayne Johnson>: Okay, great, thank you. 

<A - Pete Kight>: Thank you, Wayne. 

Operator 

Thank you. We will take the next question from John Kraft [DA Davidson]. Sir, your line is live. 

<Q - John Kraft>: Hi guys. I'd like to go back to this new found seasonality that seems to be popping up in the basic 
transactions metrics. Obviously caught a bunch of other vendors off-guard as well and clearly shaken investors. Have 
you guys – I guess two parts here, have you guys gone through the exercise or are you willing to share what it might 
have looked like if you ex-out the April effect? And then the second part I guess for – you've talked about big picture 
long-term steady growth in households adopting bill pay, getting to you think 60%ish, are you shaken enough to think 
that's maybe changed or you're still pretty confident that that's going to be fairly steady to those levels? 

<A - Pete Kight>: Fair questions. But I would say first on your initial point, because of course we saw what had 
happened to the number of other companies, who are in the general space. So I am actually not able to tell you that we 
saw the same thing. I would say that the issue that is the most frustrating to me on this one is, our consumer growth was 
perfectly fine. Our bank growth is strong. I will tell you I expect to add market share in 2007 in this space. Underline 
that, all right. But believe the space for all the reasons that I gave, all the drivers that we track are all as sound as they 
have ever been. 


Consumer growth is on track which is an answer to your direct question. Retention is very steady. It remains – attrition 
remains below the MDD which is in the [inaudible] that most service companies peg as the bottom. I mean there isn't 
anything about the underlying metrics that tell us there is anything other than we are on the same track we were on for 
the last several years. That is – and I will freely admit that is what makes this transaction growth issue very frustrating. 

It can't be as simple as for these different biller reasons, consumers averaged one fewer payments in the April quarter. 
If that's the case, that's a big number and we just learned that, I don't believe that's the case. There are fewer billing 
cycles for a number of billers in April. That is a big chunk of it. We did have this disruption in our biggest customers. 
SAP Service. Did it really all align so that all those things have the bad luck of happening in one quarter? I am not 
making that excuse. We are going to keep digging into these numbers. 

In your theoretical question, no, we didn't do anything in regard to what if April had just continued on an normal 
trajectory what would have happened. Clearly we wouldn't be – the situation we are in right now, we'd have had a 
pretty damn good quarter. But the fact is I see much value in doing that because when you look and you see all the 
underlying pieces I mean I'd say the only underlying piece that wasn't as strong as it's been in the last two years is BofA 
numbers as they announced two weeks ahead of us, their numbers were off a bit. And so that affects us some but it 
doesn't affect us remotely close to what happened with this transaction growth. 

So my belief is as we are tracking it that there are a number of moving pieces, billing cycle is one of them, consumers 
skipping payments in a taxable quarter and a perhaps increasing consumer debt situation, we are going to keep tracking 
them, and we are going to find out as much as we can, and we are going to find out as much as we can about what 
levers we can pull to change this before Q4 of next year. But the underlying pieces are all very solid, and I can without 
reservation tell you we don't see anything in any of the underlying metrics that we track that tell us consumer behavior 
in regard to movements from paper to electronic financial management has changed. They are going to continue to 
move. They don't ever go back, we just got to figure out why occasionally they skip. 

<Q - John Kraft>: Okay, that's fair enough. Just thanks Pete, and one more specific question I guess the MBNA 
business, these guys were already a customer of CheckFree, has there been significant changes or pricing I guess 
changes now that those folks are moving over to their new owners? 

<A - Pete Kight>: Overall, in the long run that business – the pricing will contract because it's going to go from 
MBNA to a much bigger overall customer. And so overall I would say that will contract some. But at the end of the 
day, we think the MBNA people are pretty damn clever and very well run, and I think at the end of the day, they will 
help as the team had at Bank of America continued Bank of America's growth. So I think in the end that will wash. 

Operator 

Thank you very much. We'll take the next question from Andrew Jeffrey [SunTrust Robinson Humphrey]. 

<Q - Andrew Jeffrey>: Hi good afternoon. David, when you talked about elevated levels of expense in an 
environment of slower than expected transaction and revenue growth, it looked like your gross margin actually tracked 
expectations up a little bit sequentially. Do you think that's sort of the best indicator of the underlying economics of the 
business, the relatively more discretionary expense level notwithstanding? 

<A - David Mangum>: I think it's a very good indicator Andrew. I think in essentially sort of a normalized quarter, if 
you remember for Q4, it just gets a little bit of help from the licenses and software you see on the revenue line. And 
that at some levels hit the margin. But I do, yes, continue to think that you watch that percentage, and watch it of course 
in tandem with the operating margin, you get a pretty good flavor for the operating characteristics. And I would expect 
to see that number go up as we go through the course of 2007, your model for Q1 probably won't show that, but it will 
as the rest of the year goes on for instance. 

<Q - Andrew Jeffrey>: Okay, and Pete you made a comment regarding the desire to drive market share gains. Could 
you talk a little more specifically I mean are you implying an effort to go after the middle market more aggressively or 


where do you think the opportunity for market share gains lie for CheckFree especially in the traditional FI-facing 
business given your dominant market share among the largest financial institutions at this point? 

<A - Pete Kight>: We've invested a lot of money in having substantially higher quality levels than our competitors. 
We've invested a lot of money in having systems that deliver a more complete, much richer and full electronic billing 
and payment round trip, much, much more compelling than our competitors' limited efforts in that arena. Quite frankly 
we have evidence that leads us to believe we'll get customer switch and we simply think that in the marketplace our 
model is running out and we have enough in our pipeline, we believe that it will add to our financial institution account 
over the next year. That will add to our market share, it's pretty much as simple as that. 

<Q - Andrew Jeffrey>: Okay. Thanks. 

<A>: Thanks Andrew. 

Operator 

Thank you. We'll take the next question from Tim Murray [Northern Securities]. Sir your line is live. 

<Q - Tim Murray>: Thank you and good afternoon. Two questions if I could. One David, in your guidance given the 
new share repurchase authorization, is there any element of buyback in those numbers or would buyback be additional 
earnings per share guidance over the course of the year? 

<A - David Mangum>: No, the buyback is assumed in there. 

<Q - Tim Murray>: Okay. Second question was I guess sort of at a higher level. Pete, there has been a lot of press I 
guess in different trade journals about the expedited payments market, and it appears at least acceleration around 
discussions about making that happen sooner and at a bigger scale or higher level in terms of PIN-less debit, you 
mentioned about credit, debit cards, I think the phone charge property brings you some of those capabilities, could you 
just talk about your thoughts in terms of the expedited payment markets and how that impacts the business model of 
CheckFree, if in fact it does to any degree? 

<A - Pete Kight>: Sure. The expedited payment market is a finite market. And you know I am not aware that it is 
materially underserved and which is kind of what you have to imply if you read the media coverage and think that it's 
as big an opportunity as everybody is saying. You know we bought PhoneCharge for a reason. It's not that we didn't' 
know how to build that technology, it's that you are going to be late too late to the game if you're building that 
technology and start into the expedited payment market at this stage. It's not a market that's underserved. It doesn't – 
you know we don't have huge expectations that it's going to make a material difference in our business. In fact if I had 
to – and we do – have to make bets in this area. Most of our – we have more investment in faster payments going into 
our regular electronic billing and payment service to make faster payments as an integral part of a system that's going 
to continue to serve at its current price point. So a significant portion of what we are investing in in the faster payments, 
we won't get any new revenue for us, it's just going to continue to serve the customer better which will serve our 
financial institutions better. 

But the fact is if you are online with your bank and you are paying your bills, you ought to damn well be able to pay 
your payment tonight. And increasingly we are turning on more and more billers to make that possible. And I'd be very 
happy if at the end of the day we are able to do that for all of our customers for the majority of billers and not get paid 
additional for it. You know we are getting paid in emergency payment fees for last minute payment because there is 
somebody at the door that's going to turn off the utility. That's a good high dollar transaction business, but it isn't huge. 
It's a business that's getting served today by a couple of good vendors, I think the biggest investment is going to be the 
fact that I think we can extend a lot of that capability to customers as an integral part of electronic bill and payment 

<Q - Tim Murray>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

<A - David Mangum>: Thanks Tim. 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from David Koning [Robert W. Baird]. Sir your line is live. 

<Q - David Koning>: Yeah hi, I wanted to pursue pricing just a bit, your new presentation of what effect you going to 
aggregate all the number of transactions each quarter. And I am wondering if looking at it on that basis if you still 
expect kind of the 12 to 15% decline in pricing? 

<A - David Mangum>: Yeah David, this is David, we actually would not and certainly happy to provide some color 
on that. We believe that the full service, kind of the CSP based electronic billing and payment business will see a 
traditional 10 to 15% decline in price. Offsetting that in the transactions are the possibility of increased pricing in the 
walk-in channels, we drive for more convenience fee-based payments, and also increase the pricing in the phone 
payment business as we drive more credit card based payments. So in the wash, you will notice that our expectations 
for the quarter imply flat to maybe down a penny revenue per transaction. If you would annualize that you have sort of 
a very modest decline overall, but the moving pieces in there have not changed. 

<Q - David Koning>: Okay, great, and just one quick follow up, corporate expense is the lowest it's been in a couple 
of years I think this quarter and you know just maybe could you give a little color on that? 

<A - David Mangum>: Yeah, I'd be happy to. You know what really drives out are a couple of things. It's some 
various kind of benefits true-ups we took. It's quite honestly a bonus true-up. In that we had certain expectations as we 
exited Q3 for what bonus payouts across the company would be, that of course fairly materially changed given the Q4 
transactions in EC. And then finally we had the last of our state tax refunds in the quarter that was planned as we 
entered the quarter but it does drive that incrementally down expense. We see a sort of similar thing happened in Q2, if 
you look back at Q2 of '06. 

<Q - David Koning>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

<A - David Mangum>: Thank you, David. 

Operator 

Thank you very much. The last question we have in queue is coming from Dan Perlin [Wachovia]. Sir your line is live. 

<Q - Daniel Perlin>: Thanks, hey guys. I have a couple of questions. I guess one is, in other environments we saw 
weak consumer spending, what was the experience in terms of consumers actually skipping payments? 

<A - Pete Kight>: So, you know – one of the frustrating things about this business is we're not actually down in – the 
consumer is not in front of us making the spending or payment decision, we track their transactions. We will ultimately 
track which type of transactions they skipped but we haven't gotten that level of detail out of the database yet. So I can't 
tell you what type of transactions they skipped. My guess is there is there is going to be a very high percentage of credit 
card transactions that were skipped because they are allowed to. But we just haven't got down to that level of detail yet. 

<Q - Daniel Perlin>: And that's okay. Just what I am really trying to get at is in periods of weak consumer spending or 
weak consumers or concerns over that, have you seen a similar trend and I don't care if it's April, May, June, whatever 
month? 

<A - Pete Kight>: Yeah, we have – it's only, we have seen a dip in April two years in a row, and then a steady rebound 
in May and June. The big difference – had not seen that at other times other than in the walk-in business, we understand 
the fact that in the walk-in business utilities allow certain categories of people to skip payments in the winter and sort 
of pay for them on an averaged basis over the remaining months and we've seen that, know about that. That would be 
it. 

<Q - Daniel Perlin>: How would you describe the characteristics of your walk-in bill payment consumers? Are these 
immigrants? Are these at all impacted by all the noise that's been made on Western Union and all that other stuff? 


<A - Pete Kight>: No, it's actually pretty interesting. It's not at all how you would think. I mean, it is certainly a 
reasonable percentage of immigrants that implies I assume a reasonable percentage of people that might not be fully 
credentialed or whatever the proper term is for that, but it is a much bigger percentage on the – I can't give a percentage 
off the my head because I don't know it exactly and Dave is shaking his head, no, we don't it exactly. But it's a very 
significant percentage of people who have jobs, who are not living hand to hand, but they do not have a bank account 
and don't want one for particular reasons. They've bounced too many checks, they've gotten in credit trouble, there is a 
whole rationale behind it and here is the number that will convince you, you definitely don't know who these are people 
are. 20% of the people who walk in to our walk-in bill payment centers and make their payments with the walk-in bill 
payment centre, write a check. 

Now, I am still telling you while we are researching all that that's just obviously a part of the walk-in bill pay business 
analysis. These are people that simply want tangible feel for handing that piece of paper to somebody, watching them 
hit the keys and be handed with receipt that says "your bill is paid" and they don't trust the post office, they are retired 
and that's one of their neighborhood things to do to go in and get out of the house for a number of different reasons, but 
it isn't nearly as concentrated in hand to mouth, immigrant population that most of rest of America thinks, it is a very 
healthy population of people out there who just don't want to mail in checks or have a bank account. 

<Q - Daniel Perlin>: What percentage or maybe how many quarters I guess, Dave, do you think that you're ahead in 
terms of your incremental spend? Are you two quarters in, I mean, it would imply given your guidance that at some 
point in middle of the year, you have some pendulum effect where numbers are going to start to pick back up, but are 
we talking 8, $10 million first half of the year that you're kind of ahead on your spend rate or is it less than that? 

<A - David Mangum>: Yeah, I mean, I prefer, Dan, not to quote a number, but I think your analysis if we stay 
together at 50,000 feet it is probably not too far off. We're ahead on the spend. We head into the Q1 with sort of the 
seasonal like software effect we've talked about tonight. You're almost by definition talking about Q2, right? 

<Q - Daniel Perlin>: Yeah, okay. All right, thank you. 

<A - David Mangum>: Thanks Dan. 

Pete Kight, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

So, operator, if that's all of the questions, I do want to – I will just end by stating the obvious – I am obviously as – at 
least as frustrated about the Q4 transaction growth weakness. And perhaps a big part of the frustration besides being a 
significant shareholder is the fact that all the underlying drivers look as good as they do, and yet we missed the fact that 
this transaction phenomenon didn't happened. We are going to get to the bottom of it. We're going to figure out how to 
do something about it. I'm sure there is a lot of frustrated people out there on the call, and I just want to tell you, we're 
as positive – I am as positive and excited about the underlying drivers of this business. I love this business and we will 
be right back at work tomorrow morning figuring out this one piece while we continue to drive the other and we'll keep 
building it. Thank you. I appreciate your time. 

Operator 

Thank you very much ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude your conference call. You may disconnect your lines 
and have a wonderful day 

. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 


have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2016, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


