Q2 2006 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• David E. Mangum, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Peter J. Kight, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the CheckFree Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At 
this time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode, and we will open the floor for your questions and 
comments following the presentation. 

It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, David Mangum. Sir, the floor is yours. 

David E. Mangum, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. With me today is our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, 
Pete Kight, who is joining me via phone from Boston. Before we start, please note that some of the statements we will 
make today will not be historical, but rather forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities 
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements reflect management's intentions, plans, beliefs, expectations, or 
projections of the future. However CheckFree's actual results may differ from these current expectations. 
Forward-looking statements involve various risks and uncertainties including those inherent in our business and others 
that we detail from time to time in our publicly filed reports and press releases, including the press release issued earlier 
today and filed on Form 8-K, our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2005, filed November 8, 2005, and 
our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2005, filed September 2, 2005, particularly the section titled Business 

– Business Risks. 
Please also note that in accordance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Securities and Exchange Commission 
requirements, CheckFree publicly discloses all financial results using Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or 
GAAP. However, in today's call, we will also discuss our non-GAAP performance measures of underlying net income, 
underlying earnings per share, and free cash flow. Our underlying numbers and free cash flow are reconciled to their 
appropriate GAAP equivalents in our press release and the accompanying attachments, which were distributed at 4 p.m. 
today. The materials are also available in the investor center section of our website at checkfreecorp.com. 

For the second quarter, CheckFree's consolidated revenue was $215.9 million, reflecting 16% growth over the second 
quarter last year. GAAP net income for the quarter was $33.8 million or $0.36 per share and underlying net income was 
$41 million or $0.44 per share. Free cash flow for the quarter was $37.7 million. Now I'd like to turn the call over to 
Pete Kight. Pete? 

Peter J. Kight, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. If you've had a chance to review the press release we issued earlier today, 
you are aware that we just completed a quarter in which we executed as expected across the board, from transactions 
processed, and e-bills delivered, to software licenses signed, and investment accounts managed. Since our last quarterly 
call, we also announced two acquisitions: Aphelion and PhoneCharge helping to extend our leadership in what we think 


are two important areas of the business. 

In our Electronic Commerce division, we processed 270.7 million transactions during the quarter, representing 2% 
sequential quarterly growth. In our full service category, we processed a 189.7 million payments during the quarter. 
This represents a 5% sequential quarterly increase. 

For our Payment Services category, we processed 81 million payments this quarter representing a 6% sequential 
quarterly decline, driven by the loss of 5 million low priced biller direct transactions. During the quarter, we delivered 

45.2 million electronic bills, representing 6% sequential quarterly growth. 
One big deal in the quarter, Verizon Wireless made electronics bills available to its cellular phone customers through 
our network of online distribution points during the quarter. This Verizon network serves, obviously, millions of voice 
and data customers, and is a key primary biller representing very good progress in our extension of the electronic biller 
market. 

In addition, we met our goal of having nearly all of our consumer service providers on the latest version of our 
electronic billing and payment interface by the end of the quarter. We are pleased with the steady increase in 
mainstream consumers who are moving to electronic billing and payment. 56% of U.S. online households are now 
paying at least one bill online, and that's up from 52% in June of '04 according to a survey conducted by Harris 
Interactive. 

This is an important metric that we track. 56% of households represents steady growth in the near-term market for us, 
as most consumers start with a single online bill pay experience, and then move over to our call service transactions 
from there. It also represents an important long term consumer trend line, as adoption moves deeper into the 
mainstream as this reflects. 

Separately, we also made two recent acquisitions that we believe will be key to continuing to grow our leadership 
positions in the health club transaction management and electronic transaction processing markets. In late October, we 
acquired the assets of Aphelion Incorporated, a Houston-based provider of health club management software and 
services. This union, Aphelion with CheckFree's health and fitness unit, joins literally two pioneers in the automation 
of the health and fitness industry to create an organization that will provide technology services to support health and 
fitness clubs of all sizes, and assures continued technology advancements for the entire market, which our combined 
organizations now cover. With the acquisition, we expand the number of clubs we serve by about 3,000, and strengthen 
a great deal our presence in the fast growing mid-size and independent club markets. 

On January 3, we announced the acquisition of PhoneCharge, a leading provider of telephone and internet-based bill 
payment services. This combination rounds out CheckFree's electronic bill payment solutions giving billers the ability 
to provide a comprehensive suite of payment options to their customers from a single integrated provider. Billing 
organizations can reduce costs and operational complexity that they face in managing multiple remittance centers and 
settlement processes by working with a single strategically integrated electronic bill payment provider. These are the 
kinds of attributes that are being sought directly by billers in the market today, and thus, I think, this acquisition is 
going to be a very strong one for us in continuing to build out our biller market position. 

Moving now to our Software Division, license sales were in line with expectations. Within our banking products, we 
saw continued traction in our operational risk management and reconciliation solutions, both domestically and 
internationally. We also saw continued strong license sales of our treasury management solutions during the quarter. 

In our Investment Services Division, we reported 2.1 million managed accounts on our system as we exited Q2, that's 
representing a sequential quarterly increase of 6%. This growth through December holiday quarter is a positive trend 
for us in this market. In the first quarter, we also acquired the assets of Integrated Decision Systems, known as IDS in 
the marketplace, a technology provider of enterprise portfolio management solutions for the financial services industry. 
Our integration of IDS is at this stage complete. Now, I will pass it back to Dave with the financial review of the 
quarter, and our expectations for Q3 and the year. Dave? 


David E. Mangum, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Pete. Total financial performance exceeded our expectations in the second quarter. In Electronic Commerce, 
we reported transaction growth of 2%, in the middle of our expectations. Were it not for the expected losses of about 3 
million Full Service transactions, and approximately 5 million biller direct transactions growth would have been 5%. 

In the Full Service category, revenue per transaction declined by $0.05 in the quarter as we had anticipated. In Payment 
Services, the loss of the 5 million low priced biller direct transactions resulted in an increase in revenue per transaction. 
Also the acquisition of Aphelion contributed more than $1 million in revenue, which we have reported in the other EC 
revenue category. 

Our software business reported another strong quarter. Sequential performance was consistent with our strong start in 
the September quarter. In Investment Services, we've recorded another quarter of steady portfolio growth. We 
generated $37.7 million of free cash flow in the quarter with cash flow from operations of $56.8 million offset by 
capital expenditures of $16.5 million, and a net reduction in settlement assets of $2.6 million. 

Turning now to third quarter expectations. We anticipate consolidated revenue in the range of 217 to $222 million and 
earnings per share of $0.27 to $0.30 on a GAAP basis and $0.36 to $0.38 on an underlying basis. In Electronic 
Commerce, we expect sequential transaction growth of 5 to 8% including the addition of more than 4 million Payment 
Services transactions from PhoneCharge. In Payment Services, we expect modest core transaction growth and we 
expect to add the more than 4 million PhoneCharge transactions I just mentioned. We expect revenue per transaction in 
this category to increase by about $0.09 in Q3 as PhoneCharge transactions are priced at about $2 per transaction. 

In Full Service, we expect relatively consistent transaction growth. We expect Full Service revenue per transaction to 
decrease by $0.08 in the quarter due primarily to the expiration of Microsoft minimum revenue guarantees and the full 
conversion of a large customer, as we discussed last quarter, to risk based processing early in the quarter. As a result, 
we expect the Electronic Commerce underlying operating margin to fall several points in the quarter. We also expect 
some initial pilot migrations of legacy Wachovia transactions to Checkfree in the third quarter with full migration of 
Wachovia transaction volume late in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2006. 

In Software, we expect sequential revenue growth in the third quarter with improved margins. Within Investment 
Services, we expect portfolio based revenue to continue to grow at about the same pace we've been experiencing. We 
also expect our operating margin there to remain fairly consistent. 

With the strong first half and recent acquisitions we are increasing our full year earnings per share expectations to 
$1.19 to $1.24 on a GAAP basis and $1.62 to $1.66 on an underlying basis. We expect to spend a bit more than $45 
million in capital expenditures and to meet our full year free cash goal of about $170 million. Now back to Pete for 
some closing comments. Pete. 

Peter J. Kight, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

I am pleased with the first 6 months performance. Revenue and earnings growth remain good, enabling us to absorb 
expiration of the TransPoint minimums, and absorb increased investment, and enabling us to absorb the float loss that 
results from the improved service positioning of a major client. All the kinds of things that we had said that we wanted 
to be able to do and have the strength to be able to manage share, while continuing to improve bottom line return. My 
view is this continued good growth is simply a solid sign of strong market fundamentals that underlie this business. 

Our current pipeline for new products right now and enhancements along with the new products is deeper than it has 
ever been. It spans big new re-inventions such as the investment services platform and big service enhancements such 
as financial tools for consumer banking and EFT risk management for corporate treasury, all things that our customers 
in those respective markets rate extremely highly in a list of things they want from us. 

As we continue to successfully integrate our most recent acquisitions, I believe that we are going to have continued 
opportunity to enhance this kind of internal growth with selective acquisitions in the future. So, we are going to 


continue to look for those kinds of right opportunities. I believe, we are ahead of the curve in building out our market 
defining standards and high availability disaster recovery infrastructure, and this is an important part of an ongoing 
process we are investing in. It's in fact one of the more investment intensive projects we've undertaken, but the benefits 
of being out ahead and building it into our core operating infrastructure will be both economic and strategic advantages 
going forward. 

All in all, it's been a good first half for the year. We have a lot to do in the next 6 months, and it's going to continue to 
require great execution. But if we continue to execute well as we have been doing, we are going to be in a great 
position to continue to produce solid consistent growth into the foreseeable future. Operator, let's go ahead, and open it 
up for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And we'll take the first question from Bryan Keane. Sir, please state your 
affiliation. 

<Q - Bryan Keane>: From Prudential. Well, congratulations once again on a very solid quarter. My questions are on 
the acquisition, Aphelion and PhoneCharge, Dave, can you get us an idea on maybe the quarterly revenues this group 
represents? And then they look obviously – both sounds like you can put them on your platform and get some scale 
synergies right away, maybe you can talk about what the margins might look like on these entities? 

<A - David Mangum>: Sure, Bryan, I'd be happy to. On PhoneCharge itself, as you heard in the call, we are expecting 
a little more than 4 million transactions for the quarter. Those are coming in at about $2. For Aphelion, you saw about 
$1 million of revenue come in during the two months we had, that company -- Q2. So we'll get sort of a full quarter 
effect. So you can think about adding another 500k (sic) [500,000] or so to the model from that perspective. In terms of 
margins going again in the same order, PhoneCharge does come in currently at a fairly significantly lower margin than 
the rest Electronic Commerce division. They will clearly grow into scale over some period of time, but it does come in 
at a lower margin. And that's obviously we are considering, as you think about how to add it into your model. But you 
are correct. There is a great opportunity for long term integration benefits. We have not modeled those in for the short 
term now. Same really can be said of Aphelion. If you go back to the original announcement a few months ago, we 
talked about that essentially being neutral to earnings for the year. We think again both these, to sort of dub a little bit 
with Pete's description a while ago in the other comments, have great long term market leadership benefits for us. They 
don't jump right in though immediately at our current margins. They'll grow into them and we are excited about that 
opportunity. 

<Q - Bryan Keane>: And Dave, last quarter you talked about adding some investments and spreading them out 
throughout the quarters. Could you talk a little bit about some of the investments you've made, are we are on pace, are 
we – do we under spend, do we over spend? And kind of what that looks like through the next couple of quarters? 

<A - David Mangum>: Yeah, I think the way I'd characterize our view of investment is we continue to invest 
substantially across the entire business areas like EPL, areas disaster recovery, areas like technology infrastructure, new 
software products. That approach to investment in long term leadership in our market hasn't changed. What we have 
done and it's implicit in our full year outlook is taken a look and rationalized our investments for the second half of the 
year, not in terms of lowering them, but in terms of really accessing our list of investments in what's going to be 
executed, when. We feel like we have a pretty good handle on that as we head into the second half of the year. The 
investment list has not changed per se, but we have a pretty good view of head count we can and will add and how we 
are going to go after those investments. So, I'd answer the question slightly differently from the way you asked it and 
say to you – as we exit Q2 we feel pretty good about our view of investments. We are not slowing down, but we have 
taken a good hard look at what will -- we will get done in the back – latter half of the year, and set that into our view of 
the full year expectation. 


<Q - Bryan Keane>: Okay, great and then just finally e-bills, the sequential growth picked up a little bit there, I know 
you guys talked about, drilling down on a strategy there, and figuring out why that had slowed, but now it's back up at 
least a little bit to 6% sequential, can you talk about anything going on, on e-bills? 

<A - David Mangum>: Yeah, I think, I've touched maybe tactically a little bit on sort of what we are doing and where 
it fits and maybe let Pete talk a bit about strategically where that heads long term. In the quarter, we did make some 
incremental tactical progress on how we do enrollments and how we access new bills in a couple of places, but I'd 
characterize that as tests of some of the future benefits are just continuing to get better and better at helping consumers 
enroll for this important service. So, I wouldn't look for any one quarter to be the sign of a trend. I think, you will see 
this number potentially move around a bit. It can get a little bit better in a given quarter. It can be right around the 6% 
occasionally as well depending on volume and any programs being run by the billers. Pete do you want to touch a bit 
on strategically where the billers are headed for us? 

<A - Peter Kight>: Sure. We are clearly getting better at process and better at understanding both what the billers 
require and what consumers want. I think quite frankly, we're ahead on consumers and behind on the billers. There is 
complexity from biller to biller to biller on how the systems work and what the billers require. And it is a lot like the 
original bill payment infrastructure in that for each biller, there are things that we need to adjust in the system in order 
to give you the consumer the same ability to sign up for billers easily from one biller to another. Quite frankly, we 
simply have -- had to develop a strategic approach to making that a part of the infrastructure. But I think that we can 
continue to incrementally improve the results in that space, and we'll see if the team can improve that over the next 
couple quarters. 

<Q - Bryan Keane>: Okay, thanks for the help. 

<A - Peter Kight>: Thanks. 

<A - David Mangum>: Thanks, Bryan. 

Operator 

Thank you. We'll take the next question from Craig Peckham. Sir, please state your affiliation. 

<Q - Craig Peckham>: Hi, Craig Peckham from Jefferies. I wanted to ask you about the free cash flow guidance, 
which hasn't changed. I just wanted to press that a little bit, there's about an 8% increase in the earnings per share 
guidance, and Dave, I wanted to just see hold back in the free cash line should we trace that directly to CapEx or what 
exactly is happening here? 

<A - David Mangum>: Yeah, Craig, I think, I'll trace it to 3 things, but in order: increased CapEx, so increased 
investment from that perspective, and some of that obviously is pointing right at our ongoing efforts for disaster 
recovery. Also the acquisitions as we've rolled them into CheckFree aren't by definition cash flow accretive as you've 
seen from the announcement obviously, we've even literally said IDS would be cash flow negative for the year, and 
then neutral on Aphelion, and kind of at the margin for PhoneCharge. And then finally, a little bit of a true up on the 
geography of cash flow, when you do a FAS 123R, you may recall that some of the tax benefits you get through 
exercises actually do move out of operating cash flow. So those 3 elements kind of work together, but you are correct 
in identifying a little more CapEx than we might have planned as being the first item on the list. 

<Q - Craig Peckham>: Okay, and thanks for making that estimate of what transaction growth would be with some of 
the adjustments in the quarter. Did – the transactions that exited from the 2 banks does that – it was de-converted at the 
pace at which you thought? 

<A - David Mangum>: Yeah, it did. You'll recall that National City in the Full Service side, and a big processor of 
credit card biller direct on the Payment Services side. They did come very, very close to what we expected. It is worth 
noting that we had some transactions and we expected to have a few transaction in the second quarter, so you get a little 
bit of a hangover effect when you look at our Q3 outlook for transactions. But they did happen on the pace we 


expected, yes. 

<Q - Craig Peckham>: Okay. And then just a last question. Given some of the transitions in the underlying customers 
on the Full Service side of the business, can you kind of give us a current snapshot in the general mix between 
subscriber based revenue and transaction based revenue as you head into the back half of the year? 

<A - David Mangum>: Yeah, I'd be happy to Craig. The vast majority of revenue in Full Service is transaction based. 
In fact, I don't think, I've formally updated that number for you guys in some time largely because once we crossed 
over 80% of total EC revenue, and obviously Full Service revenue going from a transaction based pricing rather than 
subscriber based, it became a little less relevant we though, but it -- the vast majority is transaction based at this point. 

<Q - Craig Peckham>: Okay. Thanks. Good quarter. 

<A - David Mangum>: Thanks, Craig. 

Operator 

Thank you. The next question is coming from Roger Freeman. Sir, please state your affiliation. 

<Q>: Yes. Hi, Lehman Brothers. And this is actually Alex Graham for Roger. First of all, a little bit of a housekeeping 
here. Sales and marketing picked up eventually, is there anything that's driving that in the quarter, and how do we think 
about this going forward? 

<A - David Mangum>: Well, I think, there are a couple of things to look at Alex, in sales and marketing. One is, sort 
of, you usually have the straight kind of timing of, you know, when a marketing program might or might not hit. That's 
enough to move the meter in any sequential quarter. The other thing I'd point you toward is the 2 acquisitions, so the 
full quarter effect of adding in an IDS and really two-thirds effect of adding in Aphelion, and a fair amount of expense 
for those two entities definitely hit that sales and marketing line. 

<Q>: Okay. And then I think, a couple of quarters ago you told us that you will be able to give us some more data in 
terms of how WebPay 4X, now that it's -- basically it's completely rolled out, is driving transaction growth and bill 
presentment, do you have any good data that you can share with us already at this point? 

<A - David Mangum>: Yeah. We talked about this a bit on the last call. We found mixed reviews on electronic billing 
adoption. We found good solid, we think, opportunity for incremental transaction growth, but we don't have a great 
deal of statistics to share with you. That has really changed the overall usage curve in the near term. We think that those 
are long term investments in what will really be nice adoption for both electronic bills as well as payment transactions, 
but we haven't changed the curve materially in the near term. 

<A - Peter Kight>: Our focus on that business is – on those metrics are to try to build incremental improvements in 
penetrating consumer electronic billing adoption. So, we are not – we have information that shows what parts of the 
user interface improve the process. We have of course equal information on if we made a – when we made a certain 
move, we actually saw things decrease. One of the things you saw this quarter is we put in the things that increased, 
and we took out the things that got in their way, and then there is a lot of just fundamental, as I mentioned earlier, 
blocking and tackling relative to simply streamlining the inter-network infrastructure that links the billers to our 
systems, so that we can make it progressively more automated and seamless for you to enroll. What you should look for 
there is consistent but steady improvement in adoption over multiple quarter basis, that's what I -- how I think you 
should hold us accountable in that area. 

<Q>: Okay, great. And then lastly just a follow-up on the acquisitions here. I guess, with both APS -- like a year or so 
ago on PhoneCharge, it looks like you've been more and more diverging away from your core bank centric BillPay 
model. Now does that mean that you're thinking about the BillPay market has changed somewhat, and can we expect 
any more acquisitions or any more expansions to the biller direct arena, and what would those areas be that you still 
think you have holes in your offering right now? 


<A - Peter Kight>: Okay. I wouldn't at all term it as moving away from our BillPay roots. As I've said for a long time, 
bill payment was always half of the overall value proposition and in fact you know we have stated that we don't think 
there is a bill payment market nor do we think there is a bill presentment market. The market is electronic billing and 
payment in the consumer household business. And what you're seeing us do is round out the electronic billing and 
payment capabilities – infrastructure capabilities that the market wants from us. 

I clearly made a mistake six years ago, when I looked at telephone bill payment, and thought obviously Internet 
payments are going to replace telephone payments, and we did not choose to invest any further in the telephone bill 
payment business we were in 6, 7 years ago. And much like the walk-in BillPay business that we did track and make a, 
I think, a correct assessment on, the telephone bill payment, which in a lot of cases is last minute or last minute 
emergency payment, there has been a surprisingly a strong percentage of people who on a one-off basis, but also a 
surprising strength in the number of people who are willing to consistently count on being able to pick up the phone, 
and are willing to pay a fee to make a payment at the last minute. And in fact, there's a fair number of people who refer 
to that as a convenience payment. They simply like the convenience of being able to wait till the last minute, perhaps to 
get the last amount of money they need in order to cover it to make payments at the last minute. We have tracked it 
long enough to believe it's a consistent market space that is not going to go away, that we are in excellent position, we 
think the best position to serve. We've looked for while at getting into the business, didn't like the cost of either entry or 
acquisition in some earlier things that we saw, and liked this one a lot. 

So this is, I would describe as the final fundamental strategic piece to being able to – for us to be able to provide the 
billers the same kind of end-to-end, whatever your customer wants to do, well, we now have the ability on an integrated 
-- as we get done integrating this business, a fully integrated end-to-end capability for a biller to be able to serve the 
consumer just as we have done with the bank side of our business, and being able to supply the financial service 
company an end-to-end capability and full electronic billing and payment. But, there is no question we would look for 
the right kind of opportunities to be able to add to this overall infrastructure, but at this stage, we don't have anything 
that I would describe as a hole in the overall infrastructure that we supply. We would be willing to add to it if the right 
opportunity came up, but right now, you'll see us very focused on integrating this capability, streamlining it, and 
making it work progressively more efficiently and effectively for the market. 

<Q>: All right. That's very helpful. Thank you. 

<A - Peter Kight>: Thanks Alex. 

Operator 

Thank you. The next question is coming from Tien-tsin Huang. Sir, please state your affiliation. 

<Q - Tien-tsin Huang>: J.P. Morgan. Thanks. Couple of questions, just the large client conversion that was expected 
to go to risk-based processing, was that delayed and what's the impact, again Dave, on the revenue per transaction 
there? 

<A - David Mangum>: Yeah, Tien-tsin, it's -- it was slightly delayed. We expected the bulk of that to happen very late 
in the quarter. It was slightly delayed; in fact that big first wave we expected literally happened last weekend. So I can 
tell you with confidence it's happening as we speak. So, we do expect that to fully roll through in the quarter. What we 
have said and I think, I'll say here although I think, it's not too difficult for you to back into this, is full service revenue 
per transaction will decline by $0.08 in Q3. 

<Q - Tien-tsin Huang>: Right. 

<A - David Mangum>: That's driven by the Microsoft -- the expiration of Microsoft minimums, and the combination 
of Microsoft with this reduction in float. I really, I don't think it's too hard for you to back into that, so at the end of the 
day, that's obviously Microsoft being a little bigger than the float as you think about the $0.08. 


<Q - Tien-tsin Huang>: Okay. Got you. And then just broadly speaking now that some of your clients I guess are 
getting closer to 50% penetration for BillPay as a percentage of online banking. I mean, where do we see that settling 
here over time from this point, are we getting closer to saturation? 

<A - Peter Kight>: Well, just to clarify the 56% penetration that I've reported from whoever was that – did that, 
Harris, I think, that's for all online consumer households, that's an average based on all online consumer households in 
the U.S. They are not – any banks that I know of that are particularly close to 50% penetration. So we certainly think 
there is a lot of room to continue to improve the bank's ability along with our own to be able to provide services and 
continue to penetrate their customer base. I think, the 56% is very important to us because, as I noted, the single most 
consistent thing that we see that leads to full utilization of our services is the consumer starts with a single biller direct 
online payment. You know, typically either they go to track their credit card balances or they go to track their wireless 
cell phone fees usage. And it is from that payment that they get comfortable with the idea of paying online, and a 
significant percentage of new users we get at the banks come from people who have made their first payment online at 
some place else. And specifically that 56%, a majority of those 56% have not yet gone full service with their banks, but 
are simply making a single payment at a biller direct site. 

<Q - Tien-tsin Huang>: All right. That makes sense. I guess, I was also thinking about Banc of America, looking at 
some of their statistics, it looks like they are pretty close to 50% penetration on online – of online banking. 

<A - Peter Kight>: Yeah. So online banking is – first of all, I'll remember you -- remind you that the banks track and 
report their online and transactive consumers different than we do. 

<Q - Tien-tsin Huang>: Right. 

<A - Peter Kight>: We are exceedingly conservative on how we report. So the numbers aren't direct apples-on-apples. 
But you know there is no question that when the banks report their online penetration usage, that's our runway. But it 
isn't reporting actual penetration. We are usually -- in a really good bank, we hope to have half of their online banking 
customers transacting with us. And it's from there that we expect to continue to improve that. 

<Q - Tien-tsin Huang>: Right. Plus you have large bookings-


<A - Peter Kight>: Okay. 

<Q - Tien-tsin Huang>: I guess, one last question then, any notable change in the mix shift of bill payments to debit 
cards, especially among some of your larger bankcard issuer clients? 

<A - Peter Kight>: Well, we continue to work on -- with the banks on being able to fund their BillPay customers from 
whatever accounts they want. But the debit card funding is really just another way of going to the DDA or the checking 
account. In terms of consumers, actually choosing to use their plastic card as a replacement for an interactive Internet 
based screen, we just don't see any movement in that space. If there were a lot of people who were doing that, we 
would expect to see movement the opposite way, moving from a plastic card to being able to interact with your 
information and transaction flow on – via the Internet. But we just don't – in fact, we get lots of interest in – yeah, we'd 
like to be able to offer funding for multiple accounts. We're interested in having credit card and debit card options to 
the online banking experience. When it comes time to actually schedule and introduce those kinds of capabilities, there 
are a number of other things that get put ahead in priority. The big one of which is coming up our financial tools, which 
is consumers' desire to be able to manage their finances, keep track of them, budget them, use more of a financial 
services light type of accounting capability on their online screens, and that I think is the next big thing you'll see that 
will bring in a new level of consumer interest. 

<Q - Tien-tsin Huang>: Okay. Thanks. Nice job guys. 

<A - Peter Kight>: Thanks. 

<A - David Mangum>: Thanks, Tien-tsin. 


Operator 

Thank you. The next question is coming from Chris Penny [Friedman, Billings, Ramsey]. Sir, please state your 
affiliation. 

<Q - Christopher Penny>: Thank you. Quick question for you on PhoneCharge, can you tell us what the contribution 
was this quarter on the underlying earnings for PhoneCharge? 

<A - David Mangum>: Yeah, Chris, we closed PhoneCharge January the 3rd, effective the 1st, so, there was no 
contribution in the second quarter. 

<Q - Christopher Penny>: You are right, I am sorry. Okay, the question – I guess, the question is going forward, on 
the next 2 quarters, what's the contribution in your guidance for underlying earnings per share from PhoneCharge? 

<A - David Mangum>: Yeah, I'll give you the specific answer that we're giving on PhoneCharge. It's – as we launch 
into the third quarter, expect over 4 million transactions at about $2 a transaction. And know that it's coming in 
profitable, but at a significantly lower margin than the rest of Electronic Commerce, so frankly the rest of CheckFree. 

<Q - Christopher Penny>: Okay. What was the – what goodwill and intangibles that you booked on that transaction? 

<A - David Mangum>: We actually haven't reported that transaction, so I'd probably stay away from that given that 
we actually haven't finalized the purchase accounting there. 

<Q - Christopher Penny>: Okay. Well, I guess, it gets to a broader question for you. And, you and I have talked about 
this in the past David, but now that you are kind of passed through – you have passed the guarantees, you are starting to 
acquire some revenue, and Pete, by your own admission you kind of left phone bill payment kind of back a little bit. 
Now, you're having to acquire that space, there is a cost of business there, cost of revenue that we are not looking at 
from an earnings perspective or from the GAAP perspective. When do you guys start reporting or start bringing in the 
cost of that revenue through the amortization of intangibles, when we start to think about, as you continue to do more 
acquisitions? 

<A - David Mangum>: I think, Chris, I would give you two answers to that. One is, we clearly report our GAAP 
earnings as well as the underlying. It is entirely your call, which one you would like to track. I would point you back to 
history, when we made and executed some strategic transactions going back 5 years or so ago, that's when we made the 
move to make sure we reported underlying as well as GAAP to – we hoped to make it actually easier to look at the 
company. Your point is a fair one, as we make more, shall we call them financially based transactions rather than 
purely strategic transactions. And I think what I would point you back to as we go forward and look at '07 beyond, is 
certainly the monopoly money associated with the – or the monopoly sized money associated with the amortization 
from acquisitions like TransPoint, BlueGill, and Banc of America, five years ago, have essentially expired in ''06, and 
that does allow us to take a fresh look at this as we go to'07 and beyond. Pete, anything you would like to add to that? 

<A - Peter Kight>: No, that's – actually conversation that Dave and I have had explicitly on, one in the sort of 
TransPoint monopoly phrases just one that we use to get that sort of fog behind us, and be able to provide a very clear 
opportunity for you be able to track the efficiency of an acquisition and how well it – it's able to provide return on 
capital used. I think PhoneCharge is an excellent one, and if you don't think we are providing enough clarity on, 
example like PhoneCharge as we go forward, I am interested in knowing about it. Because we – PhoneCharge, I think 
is an excellent example of we are not overpaying for these things. We are looking for the right opportunities if they fit, 
we'll execute, if not -- we had a third of the PhoneCharge's business built internally when we decided that the 
PhoneCharge opportunity, as it came to us, was worth pursuing. So we are doing a lot of that evaluation ourselves and 
welcome your additional input on it. 

<Q - Christopher Penny>: Okay. Thank you. And then I guess just one last question, it relates to that in a broader 
sense. Dave, do you have any measure of kind of what year-over-year internal growth rate was excluding the – I think, 
four acquisitions you've done on a – from year-over-year – do you have any measure of that? 


<A - David Mangum>: Yeah, I have a number of measures of that. I mean, I think that if you look at in total its several 
points of incremental growth that come. Now what happens when you analyze the company is, you have Accurate that 
affects the software division, you have IDS that's in investment services, and then you have Aphelion for a couple of 
months. The biggest impact there overall really is Accurate, and it's as simple as looking at a couple of points of 
revenue growth. The other two, IDS as you know, at best earnings neutral this year, really doesn't move the meter on 
revenue, nor does Aphelion at this point either. 

<Q - Christopher Penny>: Okay, great. Thank you very much. 

<A - David Mangum>: Thanks, Chris. 

Operator 

Thank you very much. We'll take the next question from Greg Smith. Sir, please state your affiliation. 

<Q - Gregory Smith>: Yeah. Hi, Merrill Lynch. I guess, I am just a little confused on the guidance. It sounds like the 
business is generally in line with your expectations during the quarter. There was a little bit of upside and then we have 
the new PhoneCharge acquisition, but you're saying it's not going to add all that much. So the takeaway to me sounds 
like guidance was pretty conservative last quarter, and this quarter you are just kind of tightening it up. What's really 
changed over the past three months to result in a big boost in guidance? 

<A - David Mangum>: Sure. If you walk through – and we are speaking specifically of the full year, Greg? 

<Q - Gregory Smith>: Yeah. 

<A - David Mangum>: Okay. I think about it in two real breaks, the first half and then clearly the second half. We are 
fairly substantially ahead of original expectation through the first half. That's been fueled by pretty strong quarterly 
performance by the Electronic Commerce division. We are getting some help at the margin and maybe more from 
rising interest rates on both our own cash and bill payment related interest income. We also, as we finish the second 
quarter and start the second half of the year, we have as I mentioned earlier in answering another question, rationalized 
our view of our investment plans for the full year. We still have heavy investment spending planned, but we have 
rationalized our spend in what we can realistically spend. So, we think of the first half. And that sort of kind of $0.08 
sort of our performance beyond what we might have expected has a strong platform, and we are going to build on that, 
as we go into the second half of the year. In the second half of the year, we do expect the second half, the third and 
fourth quarters to be by far our strongest software quarters, but we expect Q3 to be our strongest software quarter this 
year. After the execution we've seen in that division in first half of the year, we do have more confidence in that area of 
the business. And that's a bit of a change, as we think about the second half of the year. We also should continue to get 
that marginal help, I mentioned earlier, from the interest rates as well as a little bit better tax rate, and then we do bring 
in PhoneCharge. It's not as profitable for us as CheckFree, but it does come in at a profit. So it will help the underlying 
earnings in the second half of the year. Again, it comes in at a lower margin not at zero margin. And we'll get a little bit 
of help from a full half year of IDS, and Aphelion as well. So, when you pull the pieces together, we are saying look, 
we had a strong start to the first year. We delivered that and we are going to build off of that as we think about the 
second half of the year. And the second half of the year should be continued solid execution across the businesses. You 
are right, there is no wild sea change. There is a very strong start to the year, and then pretty solid execution with some 
help from acquisitions, interest rates, and a little bit of tax rate in the second half of the year as you think about your 
full year model. 

<Q - Gregory Smith>: Okay. Yeah that's helpful. And then can you talk a little about the competitive environment, 
what you are seeing from some of your competition, anybody doing anything aggressive on pricing that's creating any 
elements of concern? 

<A - Peter Kight>: No, I would say across the board the competitive landscape is very consistent with the previous 
year. I haven't seen really anything new. We have, I think probably a little bit of maturing of the market in that we don't 
see even the kind of one-off targeting of an individual account, someone trying to just fill lost space in a processing 


system. It's really been pretty consistent; if anything it is perhaps, it's moved out a little bit. The banking industry 
remains an industry that is constantly in pursuit of economies of scale efficiencies. So, every renewal is an opportunity 
for us to be able to sharpen our pencils and make sure that we continue to add value since the last time we had a 
contract agreement. The banking industry will always be like that, but I would say very consistent with the previous 
year. 

In the other two divisions, the biggest difference in software is the requirement to be international and to be able to 
extend our capabilities further than we do today. You know, quite frankly the organizations that we serve on the 
software side would prefer that we are able to sell them more software that extends further into the back-end processing 
environment, and that's just a process that will, you know, we'll see how fast we can develop and extend our products 
and we are always looking for opportunities in that space. But we are cautious as we continue to learn how to profitably 
grow the international side of the business. Then in investment services, it's very consistent. We have competitors that 
we've had for a long time. We have sort of the same level of new competitors trying to come in, in different parts, sort 
of on the margin of the business. And I would say overall, the competitive landscape looks very consistent. 

<Q - Gregory Smith>: Okay, and then just quickly any large renewals over the next 6 months that we should be 
watching closely? 

<A - David Mangum>: I think, Greg, we actually don't talk about large renewals. Given our market share, it's safe to 
assume we are almost always working on decent sized renewals in the customer base. 

<Q - Gregory Smith>: Fair enough. Thank you. 

<A - David Mangum>: Thanks Greg. 

Operator 

Thank you. The next question is coming from Cannon Carr. Sir, please state your affiliation. 

<Q - Cannon Carr>: Hi, CIBC World Markets. Great quarter, congrats. Just a question on, it looks like really the 
strongest part of the outperformance on the quarter came from the strong operating margins at e-commerce. And can 
you talk a little bit just about – I mean, we've almost seen a step function improvement over last year, around 39, 40, 
41%. Were you pleasantly surprised as that's the same level there, or does that really seem to be the organic margin we 
can use going forward? Obviously, that will step down a little bit with TransPoint. So, maybe talk a little bit about – 
just about the margin dynamics? 

<A - David Mangum>: I would be happy to. I think, you should expect to see it step down significantly related to the 
risk based processing change as well as TransPoint. I think that current levels belie the level of investment we're really 
putting into that business, and some of that is as simple as timing. So, for the long term as you look out, I would expect 
that margin to continue to sort of slide down sequentially a little bit. It will be very solid. But, the – we tend to point 
you folks and investors to the total company margin relative to all the divisions as well and we expect to see that stay in 
the mid to high 20s. So, as long as those two dynamics stay in place, I wouldn't say there is any cause for concern. But I 
think there is margin in Electronic Commerce. We'll continue to slide down a little bit over time, given that we will 
continue to give back the scale benefits of our processing infrastructure to customers. 

<Q - Cannon Carr>: Okay, great. Thanks. 

<A - David Mangum>: Thank you. 

<A - Peter Kight>: Operator, we have – we'll give back part of the scale economies to our customers. Operator, we 
have time for one more question. 

Operator 


Thank you very much. We'll take the last question from John Kraft. Sir, please state your affiliation. 

<Q - John Kraft>: Hi, John Kraft, D.A. Davidson. Just in time, it looks like. Pete and Dave, nice work on really 
everything in the quarter. A couple of questions, following-up on the last question about guidance, how much of the 
new guidance reflects Wachovia moving on, which appears to be a little bit earlier than maybe you thought last 
quarter? 

<A - David Mangum>: You know, John, it is a little bit earlier and probably should have had a better comment on that 
one. Wachovia does help a little bit at the margin, I would put it on the list with a little help from interest income, a 
little help from tax, the rest of that list that I reeled off in answer to Greg's question. That's a fair point, and should have 
had that on that list, you're right. 

<Q - John Kraft>: Okay. And as of January, so far this month, have you noticed a shift in the percentage of 
transactions coming from Wells Fargo? As I understand it they're free now to send transactions wherever they want. 

<A - David Mangum>: I think to-date I have not seen a sea change in transaction volume. We continue to fairly 
consistently improve our share of the volume from that customer, largely driven by continued solid growth in e-bills, 
but I haven't seen a sea change in volume. If you recall, if you go back 5 years or so ago, I believe, the formal 
expiration of minimums is actually April of '06. 

<Q - John Kraft>: Okay. That's right. And Pete, a bigger picture question, and it was – you talked a little bit about it 
before. But, those dynamics of biller direct, I guess, I am curious in your thoughts in a couple of context. First, how that 
industry or that segment is growing relative to the consolidated model and then, as far as pricing, it looks like 
PhoneCharge is pretty high priced, and the loss of one of your – just -- the 5 million transactions of real low priced 
transactions. 

<A - Peter Kight>: Sure. The client that we lost with the biller direct transactions was -- is just so far outside of our 
business that we are in. I think, I've referred earlier at one point or another, whether it was this customer or different 
when we lost, as I would almost list that customer more as a software customer than an Electronic Commerce 
customer. They almost just – had a biller direct site, when your at the biller direct site, and the billers are running their 
own biller direct site. We run about a 100 biller direct sites for billers. But, if the biller is running its own biller direct 
site, which this one was, and we simply provide the – an ACH payment settlement there. That's really an ACH 
transaction. That's not – that's not the business that we are in and it's a low single cents kinds of transactions. It's – we 
are perfectly happy to be there, because it's usually a part of a bigger relationship and it's really consistently, how we 
have viewed the biller direct marketplace, and how it is turning out, which is in answer to your question. The biller 
direct sites have more individual consumers making payments at the biller direct sites. The financial institutions in the 
U.S., business is growing dramatically faster with new customers and new transaction volumes, and the biller direct 
sites, because by and large biller direct sites have a mature face. They have done the best job of any other medium in 
the marketplace, in teaching our customers how to safely try online payment. And as I said earlier by far the largest 
single area of new customers we get are from consumers who have developed a comfort by making a single payment at 
a biller direct site, and from there decide – enroll at a financial institution and pay the rest of their bills, and consolidate 
the transactions there. So, it's exactly how we had anticipated it will work out and it's why we are focused on the next 
round of inducements to get those consumers over and that's the things like financial tools, where you not only can pay 
consolidated billers in this one place, but now you'll have significantly increased technology to help you keep track of, 
manage the whole bill payment experience. So, we -- I like the trend that we are on. I think, we are in exactly the right 
space. We do fair amount of business with biller direct, and we do a lot of business with billers. And it isn't 
tremendously impactful to us on which way the consumer goes. Although, ultimately, we have bet on the belief that 
consumers will be consistent in the United States, and that is they chose and address, and they have the bills delivered 
to that address. And in the online world, overwhelmingly that address is their trusted financial management site, and we 
are concentrating resources on making that a progressively better and more valuable experience for them. 

<Q - John Kraft>: That's helpful. 


Peter J. Kight, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Great. Again I want to thank everybody for giving us the time – share this time with us for the conference call. We are 
looking forward to executing extremely well in the next quarter, and talking to you then. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines 
and have a wonderful day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2008, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


