Q2 2007 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• William C. Gale, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Michael L. Thompson, Vice President and Treasurer 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Cintas second quarter fiscal year 2007 earnings conference call. Today's call 
is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Bill Gale, Vice President of Finance and Chief 
Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir. 

William C. Gale, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Good evening, and thank you for joining us tonight to discuss our company's results for the second quarter of fiscal 
2007. We are pleased to announce increased sales and profits for the quarter ending November 30, 2006. Total revenue 
increased 10.5%, and earnings per diluted share increased 10.9%. Strong performance both with organic and acquired 
growth in our first aid and safety and document management businesses helped offset weaker results in the rental 
division. The weaker results in the rental division were caused primarily by a shrinkage of wares in the traditional 
uniform rental job group. Direct sales of uniforms improved from the first quarter and are showing good momentum as 
we enter calendar 2007. Net income increased to $82.5 million, despite an increase of $5 million in interest expense 
over the same quarter last year. This increase in interest expense is due to the additional borrowings due primarily to 
the company's stock buyback program. 

Since the initiation of the buyback program in May 2005, Cintas has purchased 12.8 million shares at a cost of 
approximately $524 million. We purchased 660,000 shares in the most recent quarter, and we currently have an 
additional authorization to purchase $476 million in Cintas stock. We plan to continue to purchase our stock under the 
parameters provided to management by the Board of Directors. These parameters include consideration of potential 
acquisition opportunity, debt to capitalization levels, prevailing interest rates, and the price of the stock. 

The roll-out of the new sales structure is continuing on plan. We are seeing the expected benefit of the new structure in 
those groups where it has been in place for some time. These benefits include higher productivity, lower sales force 
turnover, and improved cross-selling results. On the cost side, energy costs did improve over the prior quarters to 
approximately 3.2% of total revenues. However, we had a significant increase in our cost of providing medical benefits 
to our employees, which Mike will further discuss in his comments. 

Our current guidance of revenues for the fiscal year ending May 31st, 2007, remains unchanged. That guidance calls 
for total revenues of 3.77 billion, to $3.85 billion. Earnings per diluted share are still expected to be in the range of 
$2.10, to $2.20. We would also caution you to factor in to any estimates you may make that our third quarter will have 
64 workdays, while the fourth quarter, historically our highest quarter, has 66 workdays. 

With me today is Mike Thompson, our Vice President and Treasurer. After some brief comments, we will open the call 
to questions. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a Safe Harbor from civil litigation for 
forward-looking statements. This conference call contains forward-looking statements that reflect the company's 
current views as to future events, and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and 
uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from those we may discuss. I refer you to the 


discussion on these points contained in our most recent filings with the SEC. Now I would like to turn the call over to 
Mike for further discussion of the results. 

Michael L. Thompson, Vice President and Treasurer 

Thanks, Bill. To begin with, total revenues were $923.3 million for the quarter, an increase of 10.5% over that reported 
in the prior year. Our second quarter had 65 workdays, the same number of workdays as the second quarter of our fiscal 
2006. As Bill mentioned, the workday breakdown for each quarter of fiscal 2007 is the same as the quarterly 
breakdown in fiscal 2006, which means our third quarter, which will end February 28, 2007, will have only 64 
workdays. Internal growth for the company was 6.1%, which is a slight decrease from the 6.2% achieved in the first 
quarter. 

As mentioned in our earnings release, we are currently implementing our new sales structure. We continue to 
experience positive results, including improvements in sales representative turnover and sales representative 
productivity from the regions where this organization has been in place longer. In addition, by freeing our location 
general managers from the responsibility of running a sales organization that can now devote more time to customer 
service and improving operational efficiencies and execution. 

Rental revenues for the second quarter were $684.5 million, compared to $631.6 million last year. 

This was an increase of 8.4%. Factoring out acquisitions made over the last 12 months, our rental organic growth rate 
was 5.2%. We have not seen job growth in the sectors which have historically rented uniforms. The U.S. manufacturing 
sector of the economy and those businesses which serve the manufacturing sector continue to experience employment 
reductions, mainly through the continued offshoring of manufacturing operations, foreign competition, technological 
advancements, and industry consolidation. 

Over the last few years, millions of jobs have been lost in U.S. manufacturing and the various services businesses that 
support that sector. The manufacturing sector has historically been a strong market for uniform customers and growth. 
A large percentage of workers in these industries were either in a uniform program or were a potential future customer 
for a uniform rental program. While we have continued to grow but for our uniform business and the company as a 
whole, through these economic pressures, there has been and continues to be difficulty in this area. As the 
manufacturing market has been shrinking and is expected to continue to shrink, we have targeted and will continue to 
target other areas within the economy that are growing, such as service companies, and food and gaming 
establishments. We have been able to successfully grow our business is in spite of the significant shift in the economy 
and believe our new sales structure will enhance future selling opportunities. 

Other services revenue of $238.8 million increased approximately 16.9% from last year's revenue of $204.2 million. 
On an organic basis, this segment of our business grew 8.9% for the second quarter. As a reminder, the other services 
segment includes the direct sale of uniforms to national account customers, the sale of uniforms through our catalog to 
local customers, primarily customers who rent products from us, our first aid and safety division, which includes our 
fire protection services business, and our document management division, which is primarily document shredding. Our 
uniform direct sale business which includes both national account sales division and our rental division catalog sales in 
total increased approximately 3.5% on an organic basis for the quarter. This business does experience more volatility in 
its revenue base due to the timing of new account roll-outs. We continue to see strength in health care, hospitality, and 
gaming, which are key sectors in which our national accounts sales division operates. 

The first aid, safety and fire protection business continues to expand at a rapid rate, with 30% growth during the quarter 
and 14% on an organic basis. Our first aid and safety business and our fire protection services business each achieved 
solid double-digit internal growth rates during the quarter. We are very encouraged by the value proposition we offer 
our customers in our expanded line of first aid, safety and fire protection services, and we continue to expand our 
products and services within this business. 


Our document management business is expanding at a rapid rate, with total second quarter revenues growing 66% over 
the second quarter of fiscal 2006. This business now has an annual run rate of over $90 million in revenue. We are 
servicing in excess of 130 markets in the United States and Canada, including over 70 of the top 100 markets. We are 
quickly closing in on obtaining a national presence in this business and expect to achieve this in the next 12 months. 
While we continue to acquire numerous small businesses in order to increase coverage, our document management 
division also continues to deliver very strong organic growth rates, achieving 31% organic growth in the second 
quarter. 

Now I will discuss margins for the quarter. Total company margins for the quarter are 42.4%, a 50 basis point increase 
from 41.9% in the second quarter of fiscal 2006, but down 30 basis points from the 42.7% gross margin achieved in the 
first quarter of this year. While remaining high from an historical perspective, we did experience some relief in energy 
costs during the second quarter as energy costs improved approximately 30 basis points as compared to the second 
quarter of fiscal 2006 as well as compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2007. 

Our rental margins for the first quarter were 44.5% of revenue versus 44.6% for the second quarter of fiscal 2006 and 
45% in the first quarter of fiscal 2007. Despite the improvements in energy costs, rentals' gross margins decreased by 
10 basis points as compared to the second quarter of 2006 and to the first quarter of 2007. The decrease in rentals' gross 
margins is due to a combination of increased material costs and increased service labor costs. Historically, our material 
cost tends to increase during our second quarter as more jackets and mats are provided to our customers as we head into 
the winter months. 

In addition to this normal increase, we've also experienced an increase in rest room supply material costs. The 
introduction of our Sanis UltraClean restroom cleaning service has provided additional opportunities for our rest room 
supply business. These products have a higher material cost component than the majority of our other rental products 
and services. Our locations have increased their supply of these products in order to handle this increased volume. 
Restroom supplies are not inventoried in our locations but rather expensed once injected into a location. With our 
further expansion into the rest room supply business, we are evaluating the appropriate levels of product, or locations 
are required to be kept on hand. 

As we discussed last quarter, we continue to experience an increase in delivery labor due to the introduction of our 
Sanis UltraClean service. This is a more labor-intensive service and our current route volumes and densities are low. 
We expect labor costs to come more into line as we further penetrate our geographic markets and increase route 
volumes. 

The gross margin in our other services segment continues to strengthen, reaching 36.3% for the second quarter versus 
33.6% for the second quarter of fiscal 2006, and 35.8% of revenue for the first quarter of 2007. We continue to 
experience positive results in our national account sales division from our global sourcing strategies. In addition, 
increased revenues are allowing to us better leverage our infrastructure within the production area. As we have 
mentioned in the past, our first aid and safety and document management divisions continue to become a larger 
percentage of our other services revenue. As these divisions grow in size and scale, they are achieving better margin 
results driving margin improvements in the other services operating segment. 

Our selling and administrative expenses were 26.9% of revenue, as compared to 26.4% in the second quarter of fiscal 
2006, and 26.7% in the first quarter of the prior year. During the first quarter of this year, we adopted FAS Statement 
123-R, Share-Based Payments, which requires all share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee 
stock options be recognized as an expense based on their fair values. As required in conjunction with the adoption of 
FAS 123-R, a detailed analysis of all factors and assumptions including forfeiture rates was performed. This analysis 
resulted in an increase in the assumption on the percentage required for forfeitures. A reduction in expense was 
required during the first quarter to effect the change in forfeiture percentages, resulting in a reduction to selling and 
administrative expenses of approximately $1.1 million. Stock option expense for the second quarter was in line with 
expectations of approximately $1 million. This resulted in a swing of approximately $2.1 million in expense from the 
prior quarter. 


Medical costs increased during the quarter. We experienced a 70 basis point increase over the second quarter of fiscal 
2006, and a 50 basis point increase over the first quarter of this year. Medical costs have continued to grow at rates 
greater than our revenue growth rate. While we had experienced a less significant rise in costs on a percent to sales 
basis over the last two-plus years, that experience changed during the current quarter. Embedded in this increase was an 
increase in the number and severity of high cost claimants as compared to prior years. 

We continue to leverage our G&A labor, G&A labor experienced a 20 basis point improvement from last year's second 
quarter and a 30 basis improvement from the first quarter. Income before net interest and taxes increased 10.1% over 
the second quarter of fiscal 2006 and is a healthy 15.4% of revenue. Income before taxes for the rentals operating 
segment was 17.2%, and income before taxes for the other services segment was 10.3%. Net interest costs increased to 
1.2% of sales, from 0.7% of sales, in the prior year second quarter. This increase is due to additional debt taken on to 
fund acquisitions in late fiscal 2006 as well as the funding of our share buyback program. 

We continue to hold approximately $172 million worth of cash and marketable securities, rather than prematurely 
liquidating these investments and taking a loss. As investments reach maturity, our intention is to use the proceeds to 
pay down remaining commercial paper borrowings, contingent on cash needs and acquisition opportunities. As of 
November 30, we had approximately $90 million worth of commercial paper outstanding, a reduction of $60 million 
from the first quarter. A portion of this reduction was due to the timing of quarter end and approximately $30 million in 
CP has been reissued to cover payroll and other needs subsequent to quarter end. Our second quarter effective tax rate 
was 37.3%, which is consistent with the first quarter. We expect the effective tax rate to remain at 37.3% for the 
remainder of this fiscal year. 

For the quarter, net income of $82.5 million increased 7.4% over the second quarter of fiscal 2006 and earnings per 
share increased 10.9% to 51 cents per diluted share reflecting operational results and the impact of the share buyback 
program. 

Our balance sheet continues to be very strong. Our current ratio stands at 1.8 to 1. This ratio includes $225 million of 
debt currently included in current liabilities as this debt comes due in June of 2007. As previously disclosed, we entered 
into a forward starting swap which we intend to exercise in conjunction with an anticipated $200 million debt issuance 
in 2007 in order to offset the majority of the debt coming due in June. Additional information regarding this swap is 
included in our most recently filed 10-K. Cash and marketable securities stood at approximately $172 million. As 
marketable securities mature, we anticipate using these funds to pay down debt, depending upon operating and 
acquisition needs. 

DSOs on accounts receivables were 39 days which represents a slight increase over the prior year. Inventories have 
increased $20 million from May 31st 2006. This increase reflects a build back to normalized levels after a significant 
reduction at May 31, 2006. Our rental and national accounts sales divisions had strong revenues in the fourth quarter of 
2006, especially during the month of May. Inventories levels have now been replenished to more appropriate levels in 
order to properly support customer service. 

Accrued liabilities decreased approximately $62 million from May of 2006. This decrease was mainly due to the 
current prefunding of our Aviva account for medical payments and a reduction in commission and retirement plan 
accruals which are higher at year end. Our total outstanding debt stood at $791 million at the end of November; this 
includes the long-term debt due within one year. Total debt as a percentage of capitalization was approximately 27.4%. 

As mentioned in our earnings release, we purchased 660,000 shares of outstanding common stock during the quarter at 
a cost of 27.5 million. This increases the total number of shares purchased since the inception of our share buyback 
program to 12.8 million shares at a total cost of $524 million. We have an additional $476 million of authorized 
repurchases in our common stock program under parameters established by our Board. 

Operating cash flow for the six months ended November 30, was $227.3 million, an increase of $22.6 million as 
compared to $205.9 million generated during the first half of fiscal 2006. This increase was mainly generated from a 
combination of increased net income and positive cash flow impact from changes in working capital balances. Capital 
expenditures were approximately $81 million for the six months – for the first six months of the year, and we have 


acquired approximately $54 million worth in businesses through the first six months of this fiscal year. We continue to 
expect capital expenditures to be between 150 and $170 million for fiscal 2007. We would now like to take this 
opportunity to open the call up to questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator instructions]. We'll take our first question from Mike Schneider from Robert Baird. 

<Q - Michael Schneider>: Good afternoon, guys, can you hear me okay? 

<A>: Yes, Mike, we can. 

<Q - Michael Schneider>: Sorry about this. I'm in an airport. Guys, in looking at the organic growth rate, you 
mentioned at the outset, Bill, that the – basically the add stops have deteriorated during the quarter. Can you give a 
sense of how the new account growth is going though, and maybe just juxtapose that to the Project One initiatives and 
what impact you think you've had – that's had short-term. 

<A - William Gale>: Well, first off, I believe that the new business – new account growth has been pretty robust, 
especially in those groups where Project One has been in place now for at least six months. As we talked in the last 
couple quarters, the plan was to have all of the regions rolled out to Project One by the end of the calendar year, and 
that's pretty well in place. But there's been a lot of training and reorganization, restructuring of people's positions going 
on over the last few months in those other regions, so we would expect there to be additional improvement going 
forward from the results of Project One Team, similar to what we've seen in those regions where it has been in place for 
a while. Again, the new business growth is very good, very strong. And the cross-selling opportunities are very strong 
in those areas where it's been in place. I think you can see that when you look at the organic growth in some of the 
other businesses. So I would anticipate that we should see an improving organic growth rate in the rental division 
throughout the rest of this year. 

<Q - Michael Schneider>: And what type of ramp do you have built in to reach the revenue guidance that you 
maintained today? 

<A - William Gale>: A modest improvement, Michael, in the organic growth. And then depending on – how 
significant would depend where we end up in that range. 

<Q - Michael Schneider>: But is it fair to say, though, that the rental – your organic expectations have probably been 
trimmed a bit but supplemented by some acquisitions you must have done during the quarter in the rental division? 

<A - William Gale>: Yes. That's a fair statement as well as supplemented by improved organic growth in the other 
businesses. 

<Q - Michael Schneider>: I see, fair enough. And then just specific on the energy tailwind now, 30 basis points in the 
quarter, you probably saw our recent note though, it looks like though this quarter is probably the biggest tailwind 
you're going to see in the calendar year. Am I looking at the data right, in natural gas? 

<A - William Gale>: I think you're probably looking at it right, as we monitor what's happening in the futures markets 
and looking at what's happening at price at the pump these days, I think this may be about the biggest amount we're 
going to get unless something dramatic happens between now and year end. 

<Q - Michael Schneider>: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Michel Morin from Merrill Lynch. 


<Q - Michel Morin>: Yes, good afternoon. I just wanted to follow up on the rental organic growth number. I think, 
Bill, that last call you had mentioned that you would expect to end the year, the fiscal year, at a level above what you 
delivered in Q1. Is that still a fair assumption? 

<A - William Gale>: Yes. Yeah, we still expect that to happen, Michel. We knew that the roll-out of Project One was 
going to cause some disruption in the short-term. But because our plan was to have it all in place by calendar year end, 
which it is, we do expect improved organic growth as we go forward. 

<Q - Michel Morin>: But it seems that something's changed a bit here, because the sales force reorganization wouldn't 
really be associated to what you've talked about in your prepared remarks, which is some weakness in the 
manufacturing sector. Is that a fair comment? 

<A - William Gale>: Well, I think it's a combination of both. 

<Q - Michel Morin>: Okay. 

<A - William Gale>: I mean, there's no question that the manufacturing and related service sector that services the 
manufacturing business has not – has continued to show more weakness than I would have expected six months ago. 

<Q - Michel Morin>: Okay. And are there any – is it just across the board, or are there any major noticeable 
differences either from region to region, or was there a large client loss or something like that, that would explain part 
of the weakness? 

<A - William Gale>: No large client loss. And it's pretty well prevalent across the country. You know, I'll give you an 
example. We had found that the Northeast was one of our fastest growing areas up until about six months ago, and it's 
now showing some decline. Some specific things, the pharmaceutical businesses in New Jersey seem to be reducing 
workforces. The food processing businesses in the Northeast seem to be reducing workforces. So this has kind of come 
on recently; it's not just the automotive and heavy industry sectors in the Midwest that we're seeing. 

<Q - Michel Morin>: Okay. And then just on the medical costs given that you have mentioned that as a key issue and 
it has been something that has been a bit – you know, not recurring but you've mentioned it in the past, can you remind 
us how significant that is now as a percentage of sales? 

<A - William Gale>: About 3.8%. 

<A - Michael Thompson>: 3.8% for this quarter. 

<Q - Michel Morin>: Okay, great. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Gary Bisbee from Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - Gary Bisbee>: Hi, guys. Good afternoon. 

<A>: Hi, Gary. 

<Q - Gary Bisbee>: A couple of questions, if' I could follow up on that last one on the health care costs. Do you guys 
self-insure part of the workers' comp, is that what's going on here in terms of you said there were a bunch more claims 
that came through? 

<A - Michael Thompson>: This is not workers' comp related; this is our health care plan, our medical plan. But we are 
self-insured through that as well, but it would not be workers' comp related. This is... 

<Q - Gary Bisbee>: Okay, but it's – so do you self-insure the whole thing? And I guess, you know, can you give us 
any sense as to why you might have seen an increase in the claims there? 


<A - Michael Thompson>: I would tell you there's two things going on there. First, medical costs in total do continue 
to increase greater than our revenues. So we continue to see a slight increases on a percent to sale basis as we have over 
the last years. They've just become more flat. But this quarter we really saw an increase due to some high cost 
claimants. Now, the number of those claimants, it's not a significant number when you think of the number. But as far 
as the impact of that, because it's such high dollars, it does have a significant impact in the quarter. 

<Q - Gary Bisbee>: And are those the kind of things, I guess in those cases, that probably would persist for a while, so 
you're not expecting this just to be a one-quarter problem? 

<A - Michael Thompson>: Not necessarily. You can have anything from premature infants to liver failure. It really 
depends. It could be cancer. So you can't make a rash statement that these are going to continue or not. There's a 
combination of factors within that. We can just tell you that there have been more of those very recently than we've had 
in the past. Now, whether that continues, we would hope for everybody's sake, especially those involved, that it's not 
going to continue. But we can't predict that, obviously. 

<Q - Gary Bisbee>: Okay, great. The option expense, that 1 million you were talking about, is that a pretty safe 
number to assume it will be at least close to there as we look forward over the next couple of quarters? 

<A - Michael Thompson>: Yes. 

<Q - Gary Bisbee>: Okay. And then sorry to sound like a broken record with everyone else's questions, but the 
manufacturing, I remember two years ago at your investor day you gave us a big pie chart with all the breakout, and 
manufacturing ex-autos was only 17% of the mix, and at the time it was, see how successful we've been in diversifying. 
Understanding that that segment is probably a smaller percentage right now, is there anything else going on, or have 
you seen like, some segments that are now doing more purchasing and less renting, or is there any other big picture 
trends, or is it literally just that manufacturing continues to be very weak? 

<A - Michael Thompson>: I think it's – and Bill can talk to this as well – but I think the key is it's not just the 
manufacturing sector, it's the businesses that are servicing the manufacturing sector. It's that a large plant instead of 
being a thousand people, it's 700, but then also the businesses around it – warehouses, electricians that service it, 
plumbers, et cetera, anybody that services that business, is getting a decline as well. So we're getting it not only through 
the manufacturing sector, but those business that are supporting those businesses in the manufacturing sector. So we're 
kind of one step out so to speak. 

<A - William Gale>: Gary, we're really analyzing this a lot trying to understand it because we do acknowledge that 
we've always stated manufacturing by itself is less than 20% of our overall business. But there's this multiplier effect 
that seems to be taking place with other businesses, as Mike said, that service the manufacturing. We're still analyzing 
it, we're looking at it, trying to determine, to make sure there's nothing else that we're doing wrong, but it's basically the 

– as Mike Schneider pointed out --- the shrinkage of existing workers and customers that we have, and then just less 
business that they've got there. So we're going to have to figure out how to address the growing employment sectors in 
this economy with products and services that will be appealing and conducive to us to get that top line growing again. 
<Q - Gary Bisbee>: Okay. And then just one last one. You know, you've, I guess at your last couple of investor days, 
also broken down the rentals division in a couple of groups. Is it safe to say the floor mats business is now maybe 
getting closer to maturity and so no longer growing a lot faster than the actual rental of uniforms? And then the second 
part of the question, how is hygiene doing? For a while you were giving us a growth rate there and I think for a while it 
had been double-digit. But I assume that must have slowed down as well? 

<A - Michael Thompson>: We've not provided the details on that, but I would indicate that both dust control and 
hygiene are in excess of uniform rental. 

<Q - Gary Bisbee>: Substantially so, or -


<A - William Gale>: I would say the mats are not quite as much ahead of garments as the hygiene, but they are 
materially ahead of it. 


<Q - Gary Bisbee>: Okay, great. Thanks a lot. 

<A - William Gale>: You know, I'd like to comment, too, Gary, because I want all the listeners to understand that look 
at – don't just keep focusing on this rental business now. Let's also look at some of the growth that we are seeing in the 
first aid and safety, fire service and document management businesses, because part of our strategy has been to become 
the service – the service provider to – across other types of businesses. So we are focusing on that, and we're focusing 
on cross selling, and we're going to continue to see very nice increases in growth rates, I believe, going forward in 
those other businesses. 

<A - Michael Thompson>: You can see that in that our internal growth was 6.1% versus 6.2, despite the weakness in 
uniform rental this quarter. 

<Q - Gary Bisbee>: Congratulations on that. That continues to be a great part of the story. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Peter Carrillo from Citigroup. 

<Q - Peter Carrillo>: Bill, you stole away my material though, Bill. I had some questions for you on the other services 
and now it's like I'm playing to you but I'm not. Gross margin other services, was it really – why was it up so strongly, I 
guess both year over year and sequentially. Was there anything one time at all in there or is it that purely just the new 
business or is it doing that much better now? 

<A - William Gale>: I would tell you, it was, as Mike pointed out, improvements across the board in each of the 
sectors. But there was also an impact of the more rapid growth in first aid, safety, fire and document management, 
which have higher margins than the direct sale of uniforms, continues to push up that margin in that other service 
sector. 

<Q - Peter Carrillo>: Okay, well then trying to sort of weave in some of the seasonality stuff, as this business 
improves, not necessarily sequentially but as it improves year over year for several quarters in a row now, are we 
finding – I mean, as we get into '08, I guess we're establishing a base somewhere that we're not going back down 
below, right? Last quarter was 35.8%. This is 36.3. We're going to continue seeing sort of some improvement 20, 30 
basis points a year kind of thing year over year, or is that able to be estimated at this point? 

<A - Michael Thompson>: Yes, as long as you factor in that the national account sales division, direct sale of 
uniforms is not always a straight line up; there's quarter to quarter variations and the revenue generation in those 
businesses really can help or hurt you in gross margin because you can cover a lot more fixed costs with increased 
revenues there. As long as you factor that business in a little differently. 

<A - William Gale>: The trend, though, I think, Pete, is accurate. You know, you can assume that over time the trend 
line will certainly be improvement in other service margins. 

<Q - Peter Carrillo>: And then in terms of do you have operating margin – operating income and dollars for the two 
other segments? 

<A - Michael Thompson>: Yes, rentals, income before taxes was -


<Q - Peter Carrillo>: Yeah. 

<A - Michael Thompson>: --was 117.8 million. And other services income before taxes was 24.6 million. 

<Q - Peter Carrillo>: 24.6. Okay. Also, on the SG&A thing, I seemed to have missed part of what you were saying 
earlier. Last quarter had, you said, a $2 million – can you explain again, the 1Q, versus 2Q, what happened in SG&A? 

<A - Michael Thompson>: You're talking about the share-based payments? 

<Q - Peter Carrillo>: Yes. 


<A - Michael Thompson>: We had a $1.1 million reduction in expense in the first quarter, and we had a $1 million 
expense in the second quarter, so when you look at SG&A there's a $2.1 million additional expense in the second 
quarter as compared to the first quarter for the expensing of stock options and the related forfeiture rates. 

<Q - Peter Carrillo>: Okay. In terms of going forward, it shouldn't – there shouldn't be much of a -


<A - Michael Thompson>: Right, going forward we're saying it should be about $1 million, which is consistent with 
what happened in the second quarter. 

<Q - Peter Carrillo>: Okay. I think that's it for now. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Brandt Sakakeeny from Deutsche Banc. 
<Q - Brandt Sakakeeny>: Thanks, hi, Bill and Mike. 
<A - William Gale>: How are you Brandt? 
<Q - Brandt Sakakeeny>: How are you? A couple quick questions for you. Bill, actually Bill or Mike, do you have 


the number of billing days this quarter? 
<A - William Gale>: 65. 
<Q - Brandt Sakakeeny>: 65, okay. So next quarter we have one fewer billing day. 
<A - William Gale>: That's correct. 
<Q - Brandt Sakakeeny>: Okay. And then Bill, you had said that we should expect an acceleration of the rental 


growth. I presume that's a function of the impact of the new account growth, and not the presumption that you expect 
the add stop or some other dynamic to actually reverse and improve. Is that fair? 


<A - William Gale>: That's a fair assumption. 
<Q - Brandt Sakakeeny>: Okay, great. And then with respect to the SG&A costs also, so are we to infer that those 
costs or at least the margins should improve as productivity improves, so basically this is the low point of the SG&A 
expressed as a percentage of sales? 


<A - William Gale>: Barring an unforeseen situation, I would think this would be. You know, we would never have 
expected or predicted these medical costs to have taken that big jump from what we had seen in the prior quarter. So 
we're hoping that that's more of an aberration than an ongoing situation. But I would say, and absent any significant 
legal expenditure that we might have to incur, I would think that this should be, you know, relatively the high point of 
G&A cost. 


<Q - Brandt Sakakeeny>: Okay, and from a sales productivity standpoint, it sounds like with the organization in 
place, that should start to show some gains going forward. Is that true? 
<A - William Gale>: That is our expectation over the next six months, that it should. 
<Q - Brandt Sakakeeny>: Okay, perfect. That's all I had. Thanks. 


Operator 

We'll take our next question from Kartik Mehta from FTN Midwest. 
<Q - Kartik Mehta>: Good afternoon, Bill and Mike. 


<A>: Hello. 

<Q - Kartik Mehta>: A question. Bill, what about the pricing environment? It seems like the environment is getting a 
little bit tougher on the add stops. You're having success on the new account growth. Is that making it a little bit 
tougher to get the price increases you have in the past, or is that – or are the price increases about similar as they were 
over the last 12 months? 

<A - William Gale>: I would say they're probably a little less robust than they were six, nine months ago. We are 
seeing increased activity amongst our competitors in terms of offering lower prices, and we are making sure we meet 
that competition where it makes sense. We're seeing obviously with the reduction overall in fuel costs, you're seeing 
less willingness on the part of our customers to accept the price increases as readily as they did before. So I'd say there 
was a modest downtick in the ability to pass along increases in prices. 

<Q - Kartik Mehta>: [audio break] From a big picture standpoint Bill, to try to get Cintas back to double-digit 
revenue growth, it seems as though obviously with what's happening in rental, this is a little bit of a step back. I know 
other services are doing well. But I mean, do you anticipate that you could get back to double-digit revenue growth and 
will it take maybe more than 12 months considering we're at 6.2% now? 

<A - William Gale>: First off, Kartik, I would tell you, we just had our sixth consecutive quarter of double-digit 
revenue growth. So we are there. Now, if you're referring to organic revenue growth, we still believe that we are – we 
will be able to get back there, we didn't anticipate as much of a difficulty with some of our rental businesses we've 
experienced, but we would anticipate that with the combination of the rapid growth in the other businesses as well as 
the benefits coming forth on Project One Team, that we should be able to get back to double-digit organic growth rate 
at some point in the not too distant future. 

<Q - Kartik Mehta>: I apologize. I meant organic revenue growth rather than total revenue growth. I always thought 
that when you referred to revenue growth that's what you had meant. One last question. It seems as though you're 
having success with the cross sell. Is that – I would think, isn't there a function of, as the add stops get a little bit 
tougher, business gets a little bit tougher, it's tougher to get cross sales, or is it just the fact that you've been able to 
provide some very good value-add products and that's what is really helping? 

<A - William Gale>: I definitely think it's the latter. I believe that companies recognize the value of providing some of 
these other services either in the rental division through hygiene services, or facility services, or the – in the first aid 
and safety, fire, document management business, the real icing – that there's a lot of value to them to have Cintas 
provide these things. So I think that you're going to see some real momentum over the next couple of years in the whole 
cross selling effort because of the value proposition that we're offering. 

<Q - Kartik Mehta>: Thank you very much. I appreciate it. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Mike Fox from JPMorgan. 

<Q - Michael Fox>: Good afternoon, guys. Most of my questions have been answered. But I just have a couple of 
follow-ups. How is the retention rate in the uniform rental space? 

<A - William Gale>: You're talking about from a customer standpoint, Michael? 

<Q - Michael Fox>: Yes, your customer retention. 

<A - William Gale>: It has – it's a little less than what it was back in probably seven, eight years ago. But it's still in 
the low to mid 90s area. 

<Q - Michael Fox>: Okay. And I guess it's been about five years or almost five years since you guys were a little bit 
more competitive on price before you returned back to the value-based pricing. Has that made it any more difficult to 


retain customers when the contract has been renegotiated? And can you just talk about some of those contracts where, 
have you been able to get better pricing when you renegotiate or people have gone elsewhere, or what kind of 
experience you've had? 

<A - William Gale>: Our studies show that we have not lost any more business than we used to lose to competitors on 
price. So I don't think it's caused us any difficulty there. But I do believe that we've had to be sure that we're more 
pragmatic in setting the price when we go for a renewal of a contract. And so I would say that there has been certainly 
some downward pressure on renewals from maybe what it had been ten years ago or eight years ago. 

<A - Michael Thompson>: In conjunction with that, I also think with the retention rate, the downward pressure has 
been with businesses going out of business more so than any change in our retention of existing customers, so to speak. 

<Q - Michael Fox>: Okay. And just to follow up, I know this has been talked about a lot. But it sounds like you do 
have some confidence that the organic rental growth rate is going to improve and it sounds like it's mostly on the new 
business. So, is that just continuing the Project One and that kind of paying off, or is there more there? 

<A - William Gale>: I think that's where our confidence comes from, is that what we're putting in place is going to 
have an impact going forward. It's, you know, again now when we – every time we report organic growth we're always 
reporting over the past 12 months, so it is going to take a little while for it to click in there. But I am very confident that 
based on what I hear and what I'm seeing, that barring – assuming the economy continues at a level that it's kind of at, I 
would expect there to be improved – improvement going forward. 

<Q - Michael Fox>: Okay, thanks a lot. 

Operator 

[Operator instructions.] And we'll take a question from Peter Carrillo from Citigroup. 

<Q - Peter Carrillo>: A couple of quick ones real fast. Energy as a percentage of revenue a year ago, can you give us 
that figure, I think it was 3.2 you said this quarter? 

<A - William Gale>: 3.2 this quarter, and I -


<A - Michael Thompson>: 3.5. 

<A - William Gale>: Yeah, 3.5 

<A - Michael Thompson>: 350 basis points. 

<Q - Peter Carrillo>: Right, okay. And sort of I mean in terms of the – I'm sure there's some weakness, real weak 
pockets in the manufacturing parts of the country. Any thoughts at all or any talks at all about closing down either a 
branch or a plant in an area where you're, there is a particular weakness, where you are much more exposed to 
manufacturing? I mean I know overall it's not a big part of the business, you know, it's not, less than... 

<A - William Gale>: We're still – the thing to keep in mind, Pete, is we're still growing. So what you're seeing is 
probably less capital expenditure in some of those slower growth markets as opposed to shutting anything down. So I 
wouldn't anticipate anything like that. Now, we did – we did have a closure of a facility in Detroit that we had acquired 
from Unitog, but that really wasn't due – the only reason we were able to shut that thing down was because we had 
acquired a plant in the Van Dyne Crotty acquisition that enabled us to do that. But going forward, I don't know of any 
reason that we would shut down a plant because of lack of business. We may shut down a plant because we want to get 
into something that's more modern, and that will happen. 

<Q - Peter Carrillo>: I guess I asked the question for this reason. As you think – as we dig into sort of what's in Scott's 
[Scott Farmer] head a little bit so far as strategy going forward, it seems like while we are impressed by the other 
services part of the business, clearly that's the part that's distinguishing you from your competitors, that part of the 
business has gone very well and it's a nice percentage of your overall revenues, but it seems like there's a little bit of a 


race going on here. Obviously, the labor composition in this country is changing more and more away from 
manufacturing and what we call uniform-wearing individuals or uniform-wearing workers. If that rate – if the 
composition changes at such a fast rate that I guess at such a fast rate that you're not able to replace it with enough 
other services revenues, then the overall business won't look so great anymore at some point. So I guess would you say 
it's fair that you are sort of racing to get the other services business fast and get margins up high enough that they can 
essentially down the road replace the rental business, so to speak? 

<A - William Gale>: No, I think we're certainly doing that in the other services, because we see the great opportunities 
that are there. But I would tell you that in the uniform side, I think one of the challenges that we have and that we are 
attacking is we're looking at the – where the employment is at, the whole idea of a rental program still makes a lot of 
sense. And we believe that we need to come up with the right type of products and the right service offerings, maybe 
we need to tweak our service offerings a bit from what the traditional approach had been, but there are opportunities 
out there. The business is changing and we just need to change with it. 

<Q - Peter Carrillo>: Okay. Great, thanks. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Fred Speece from Speece Thorson Capital. 

<Q - Fred Speece>: Yes, you made about $25 million of acquisitions this quarter and last quarter. Can you give us 
some sense of where those acquisitions were, which divisions? 

<A - Michael Thompson>: Sure. Predominantly as it has been over the last year, we continued to expand in our fire 
protection services and our document management business, obviously taking out the Van Dyne Crotty acquisition last 
year. So that's been, the majority of our activity has been in those two businesses. 

<Q - Fred Speece>: And I don't have the organic sales for first aid and document – the previous quarter. Are they up 
this quarter sequentially? 

<A - William Gale>: I think they're comparable. I'm not sure if they were necessarily up that dramatically. 

<Q - Fred Speece>: Okay. Good, thanks. 

<A - William Gale>: Yeah, they're very close. 

<Q - Fred Speece>: Okay. Good. Thank you. 

Operator 

[Operator instructions.] And we'll take our next question from Michel Morin from Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Michel Morin>: Yes, just wanted to know in terms of the organic growth again, presumably as the sales force has 
been reorganized you haven't been hiring perhaps as aggressively as you have historically. Is that a fair observation? 

<A - William Gale>: We are – that's a fair observation. I think it's combination of focus on getting the existing sales 
force trained and re-acclimated to their roles as well as just an availability of good sales talent. That's still – is a 
challenge out there. However, with the recent announcement on all the pharmaceutical companies, that they're reducing 
their sales forces, we think that opportunity may reopen and we may see a greater supply. 

<Q - Michel Morin>: And is your sales force – is the size of your sales force up year on year? 

<A - William Gale>: It's up, yes. 

<Q - Michel Morin>: Okay, but certainly -



<A - William Gale>: It's not up as much as we would like it to be. 
<Q - Michel Morin>: And certainly not as high as you would have had a year ago? 
<A - William Gale>: No, it's up over a year ago. 
<Q - Michel Morin>: No, I mean, in terms of the growth rate, the growth rate has slowed, presumably? 
<A - William Gale>: Specifically on the sales force, I don't have those numbers with me, Michel. 
<Q - Michel Morin>: Okay. And then just a point of detail for the modeling purposes. What was your number of 


shares at the end of the period, would you happen to have that? 


<A - William Gale>: I know, well, the average number that was shown at the bottom of the schedule. We may have to 
get back to you with that one, Michel. [Audio Difficulties] 
<Q - Michel Morin>: All right, thank you. 


Operator 

We'll take our next question from Gregory Halter from Great Lakes Review. 

<Q - Greg Halter>: Good afternoon, guys. 

<A - William Gale>: Hello, Greg. 

<Q - Greg Halter>: Hello. 

<A - Michael Thompson>: How are you? 

<Q - Greg Halter>: Good. I hope I'm coming through all right. We're getting some static here. 

<A - Michael Thompson>: Yes, some feedback there for a minute. 

<Q - Greg Halter>: Okay. Question for you regarding the hurricane impacted areas. I know in the past you've 
indicated that they're not up to speed and you don't expect them to be for years. Are we still around, or are you still 
around 50% of pre-hurricane levels and in total what does that represent of the company, is it 2% or 30%? 

<A>: No, it's much less than 30%. It's down in the probably 1% or less. 

<A - William Gale>: Greg, I have to answer that question a little bit differently. I mean, a little bit more than just yes 
or no. We're finding that our uniform rental operations in the hurricane ravaged areas are getting back up close to where 
they were pre-hurricane levels. The most significant reduction was in New Orleans, and I have just recently found that 
that has – is getting very close to where it was prior to the hurricane. So that's the good news there. On the direct sales 
front, we're still waiting for the redevelopment of the gaming and lodging industry along the Gulf Coast, especially in 
the Biloxi, Gulfport, Mississippi areas. We'll see some nice business coming out of that here over the next 18 months as 
some of these new properties open up bigger than what they were pre-hurricane. 

<Q - Greg Halter>: Okay, that's helpful. And have you implemented any sort of hedging program on the energy side? 
I know you've indicated in the past you have not. But just wondered if you've reconsidered that. 

<A - William Gale>: We did not implement any hedging program at this time; we continue to evaluate and look at it. 
But we really haven't done anything on a large basis. 

<Q - Greg Halter>: Okay. And given your other service margin at I think it was 36.3%, which is actually again getting 
close to the upper limit that you had set, just wondering if you're willing to expand where you think that can go, 
especially in light of I think the pre-tax was up 44% year over year in that particular area. 


<A - William Gale>: Well, you know, it's so hard to say because it depends upon the mix in any one quarter. All of a 
sudden, let's say we have a huge spike in direct sale of uniforms, I don't want people criticizing us for the other services 
margin being down because of that – because of the positive impact of the direct sale. But there's no question that the 
trend line will continue to go up. I don't have a – I'm not prepared at this point to tell what you the new limits would be, 
but it's certainly going to improve and we'll look at that as we go forward, and perhaps we can give further color on that 
maybe at the end of the fiscal year. 

<Q - Greg Halter>: Okay. Your receivable days have ticked up slightly, I think it was one day year over year and two 
days over the last two years. Any comment on the lengthening there? 

<A - Michael Thompson>: We really looked into it and we really believe it's more timing than anything. Our bad debt 
expense is actually in line with the prior quarter and last year, so we don't see anything from a concerning standpoint 
that amount of receivables are growing obviously based on our revenue growth, there's been an excess of that for the 
DSOs to tick up a little bit. But our older receivables, so to speak, haven't really deteriorated. We'd see that more from 
our conservative reserving policy, that we'd see an uptick in the expense and we haven't seen that. While we're looking 
at it and analyzing it, and obviously we want receivables to be going the other direction in total, it hasn't been anything 
that's been alarming to us at this point. 

<Q - Greg Halter>: One last one for you. I think on the last call you had indicated that your guidance, the 2.10, to 
2.20, did not include any potential from share repurchase. And I'm wondering if that is still the case today. 

<A>: Yes. 

<Q - Greg Halter>: All right, thank you. 

Operator 

We'll take our final question from Elliott Schlang from Great Lakes Review. 

<Q - Elliott Schlang>: I'm sorry, Greg just asked them and I have laryngitis. Congratulations on a good quarter. 

<A>: Thank you, Elliott. 

<Q - Elliott Schlang>: Goodbye. 

Operator 

Mr. Gale, there are no further questions at this time, sir. 

William C. Gale, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

I'd like to thank everyone for participating in tonight's call. I'm sure many of you have a lot of busy things needing to be 
done this time of year. And Mike and I wanted to extend our wishes – best wishes to you and your family for a great 
holiday, and a prosperous 2007. We'll look forward to speaking with you again in March. 

Operator 

That does conclude today's conference call. Thank you very much for your participation and have a wonderful day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 


and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


