Q3 2008 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Jade Wei, Investor Relations 
• Min Fan, Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer 
• James Jianzhang Liang, Co-Founder and Chairman 
• Jane Jie Sun, Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Catherine Leung 
• Mike Olson 
• Wendy Huang 
• Chun Ming Zhao 
• Richard Ji 
• Eddie Leung 
• Jane Sun 
• Marisa Ho 
• Chris Zee 
• Candy Huang 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Quarter Three 2008 Ctrip.com International Earnings Conference 
Call. My name is Mi Sao, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. 
We will conduct a question-and-answer session toward the end of this conference. [Operator Instructions] As a 
reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. 

I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Jade Wei, Senior IR Manager of Ctrip. Please proceed, madam. 

Jade Wei, Investor Relations 

Thank you. Thank you for attending Ctrip's third quarter 2008 earnings call. Joining me on call today, we have Mr. 
James Liang, Chairman of the Board; Mr. Min Fan, Chief Executive Officer; and Ms. Jane Sun, Chief Financial 
Officer. 

We may, during this call, discuss our future outlook and performance, which are forward-looking statements made 
under the Safe Harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking 
statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties. As such, our results may be materially different from the views 
expressed today. A number of potential risks and uncertainties are outlined in Ctrip's public filings with the Securities 
and Exchange Commission. Ctrip does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, except 
as required under applicable law. 

Min, James and Jane will provide business updates, industry outlook and financial highlights for the third quarter of 
2008, as well as outlook for the fourth quarter. We will also have a Q&A session towards the end of this call. 


With that, I will turn to Min for our business update. 

Min Fan, Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer 

Hello everyone. Thanks for joining us today on this call. As we look back, the third quarter of 2008 was a remarkable 
quarter for China. The Olympics and Paralympics were successfully delivered, and these events increased and will 
continue to increase the visibility of China to the world. This will benefit the travel industry in China and our business 
in the long-term. Meanwhile, the past quarter was a very difficult time for all companies who operated in the travel 
industry in China, from airlines to hotels and from traditional agencies to online travel service providers. 

For air ticketing business, the volume for the overall airline industry decreased by approximately 5% in Q3, which was 
the first time of marked decrease since SARS in 2003 for China travel industry. However, Ctrip was able to grow our 
ticket volumes by 37%, taking significant shares from tough market due to our strong execution and our superior 
customer service. Our market share has been growing rapidly in the past quarters of 2008. 

In terms of revenue our hotel business grew 6% year-over-year. Air ticketing business grew 21% year-over-year, and 
the packaged-tour business grew 37% year-over-year, which all outpaced the industry growth rate significantly. Our 
team demonstrates its ability to achieve a healthy growth rate in revenue and maintain a solid and profitable operation 
in a tough environment. 

Our hotel supply network continued to expand at a rapid pace, with approximately 7,600 hotels by the end of 
September 2008 compared to approximately 5,600 by the same period last year. The number of hotels with guaranteed 
allotment rooms increased accordingly and accounted for more than 60% of the total supply. 

By the third quarter of 2008, the number of cumulative active customers reached to 5.6 million compared to 3.7 million 
by the same period of last year. The fast pace new customer acquisition during the tough time demonstrated the 
effectiveness of our sales and marketing channels. 

Our commitment to customers never waivers either in a strong or in a tougher market. Call center is one of our key 
competitive advantages providing the efficient platform to serve our customers. Last month our call center was 
awarded as one of the best call centers of 2008 by China Call Center and the CRM association for the second straight 
year. This award recognized quality of our customer service backed with our excellent employees, advanced IT 
platform and the seamless team corporation. 

We have established strategic partnerships with most or leading companies in their fields during the first quarter. Local 
Alibaba PayPal, working with these partners will enhance these growing lists of channels to reach out to our potential 
customers. Although, the market is challenging, we will proactively and swiftly take actions to expand our leadership 
further. First, get more customers while some of the traditional agencies are going out of business during the tough 
time, there are very good opportunity for us to lock in the most of the strategic and efficient channels to recruit new 
customers. 

Second, vendor relations, we are working with our vendors more closely than ever to lead through the tough 
environment in order to achieve our winning situation for the travel-related industries and for our business. 

We'll take a more long-term vision to make sure that Ctrip is the most effective sales channel and the strategic partner 
for airlines and hotels. 

Cost control. We have put in cost control measures to continuously improve our efficiency. And then I will let James 
share with you more about our long-term vision. 

James Jianzhang Liang, Co-Founder and Chairman 


Thanks, Min. The past two months have been volatile worldwide. Our governments are jointly taking measures to iron 
the tide. More challenges expected come not only for financial industries but also for the world economy. This is not 
the first time in our history going to through [inaudible]. 

When the Internet bubble busted and started hit China at our early stage we just survived and emerged ever stronger. 
Although the one time event caused difficulties to travel into the China this year, our team has demonstrated we have 
the ability to grow substantially and profitably. 

Our business is not isolated from the rest of the world. The travel industry in China is still going to grow steadily. 
Chinese government has release the largest economic stimulus plan since history of China, to bolster the economy, a 
wide range of infrastructure investment will increase and therefore the general economy will benefit with a sustainable 
growth rate. Travel as a facilitator for business and the increasing important reason is the people is going to grow with a 
healthy rate. 

We view this tough time as an opportunity for Ctrip.com to gain more market share and expand our leadership in the 
travel industry. 

Now, let me turn to Jane for the update of the current financial performance. 

Jane Jie Sun, Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, James. I would like to report our financial results for the third quarter of 2008. In spite of the challenges in the 
market, our net revenue reached RMB370 million or US$55 million in the third quarter of 2008, representing a growth 
rate of 15% year-over-year. 

Hotel reservation revenues accounted to RMB186 million or US$27 million for the third quarter of 2008, representing a 
6% increase from the same period in 2007, primarily due to the increase in hotel booking volumes and a 5% decrease 
from the previous quarter, primarily due to the decrease of the hotel booking volumes. 

Air ticketing revenue for the third quarter of 2008 were RMB166 million or US$25 million, representing a 21% 
increase from the same period in 2007, primarily due to a 37% increase in air ticketing sales volume, which was offset 
by a 12% decrease in commission per ticket due to a decrease in the ticketing price. Air ticketing revenues remained 
relatively consistent with the previous quarter. 

Packaged tour revenue for the third quarter of 2008 were RMB28 million or US$4 million, up 37% from the same 
period in 2007 and 19% from the previous quarter, primarily due to the increased leisure travel volume. Gross margin 
was 77% in the third quarter of 2008, compared to 80% in the same period in 2007 and 79% in the previous quarter. 

Product development expenses for the third quarter of 2008 increased by 28% to RMB61 million or US$9 million from 
the same period in 2007, and increased by 8% compared to the previous quarter, primarily due to the increased product 
development personnel resources. Excluding share-based compensation charges, product development expenses 
accounted for 14% of the net revenues, which was an increase from 13% in the same period last year and previous 
quarter. 

Sales and marketing expenses for the third quarter of 2008 increased by 12% to RMB71 million or US$10 million from 
the same period in 2007, primarily due to the increased sales and marketing personnel resources and other marketing 
activities. Sales and marketing expenses increased by 4% from the previous quarter primarily due to the increased 
marketing activities. Excluding share-based compensation expenses, sales and marketing expenses accounted for 18% 
of the net revenues, decreased from 19% in the same period last year and increased from 17% from the previous 
quarter. 

General and administrative expenses for the third quarter of 2008 increased by 24% to RMB45 million, or US$7 
million from the same period in 2007, primarily due to the increased personnel resources and share-based 
compensation charges. General and administrative expenses increased by 4% from the previous quarter primarily due 
to the increase of personnel resources. Excluding share-based compensation charges, general and administrative 


expenses accounted for 7% of net revenues, which remained consistent with the same period last year and increased 
from 6% in the previous quarter. 

Income from operations for the third quarter of 2008 was RMB107 million, or US$16 million, which represented a 4% 
decrease from the same period in 2007 and 16% increase from the previous quarter. Excluding share-based 
compensation charges, income from operations was RMB138 million, representing a 3% increase from the same period 
in 2007 and a 13% decrease from the pervious quarter. 

Operating margin was 29% in the third quarter of 2008, compared to 34% in the third quarter of 2007 in the previous 
quarter. Excluding share-based compensation charges, operating margin was 37% in the third quarter of 2008 
compared to 41% in the first quarter of 2007 and 42% in the previous quarter. 

Net income for the third quarter of 2008 was RMB104 million, or US$15 million, representing a 5% decrease from the 
same period in 2007, and a 12% decrease from the previous quarter. Excluding share-based compensation charges, net 
income was RMB136 million, or US$20 million, representing a 2% increase from the same period in 2007, and a 10% 
decrease from the previous quarter. 

The effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2008 was 17%, increased from the 15% in the same period of 2007, 
primarily due to the application of a statutory tax rate of 25% under the new PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law effective 
on January 1, 2008 to domestic enterprises that are not entitled to enjoy the grandfathering provision of transitional 
preferential tax rate. 

The effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2008 decreased from 26% in the previous quarter primarily due to the 
transitional tax provision of 18% applied to one of the domestic enterprise established in the Pudong New Area. 

Diluted earnings per ADS were RMB1.52 or US$0.22 for the third quarter of 2008. Excluding share-based 
compensation charges, diluted earnings per ADS were RMB1.97 or US$0.29 for the third quarter of 2008. 

As of September 30, 2008, the balance of cash and short-term investment was RMB1.4 billion or US$207 million. 

For the fourth quarter of 2008, Ctrip expects a year-on-year net revenue growth rate to be in the range of 5 to 15%. 

With that, operator, we are opening the lines for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Catherine Leung with Citigroup. Please proceed. 

<Q - Catherine Leung>: Hi. Good morning. 

<A - Min Fan>: Good morning. 

<A - Jane Jie Sun>: Good morning. 

<Q - Catherine Leung>: Morning. Morning, Jane. I have two questions, please. The first one is, can you help us 
understand what measures Ctrip is taking to offset the slowdown? I know that you mentioned three measures already in 
your script. Specifically for the cost control, which are the main areas that we can expect to see some efficiencies? 

And my second question is on the commission rates. Since the removal of the 3% fixed commission rate on October 1, 
can you help us understand how Ctrip's commission rate has trended? Have you started negotiating with individual 
airlines? And what is the medium-term outlook for the commission rates? Thank you. 

<A - Jane Jie Sun>: Sure. Thanks. 


<A - Min Fan>: Okay. Regarding why not the tough period, I think, Ctrip – we will take several measures to enhance 
our revenue. And as I just said, since this is a difficult time, every company will encounter same problems. So maybe, 
if you – if Ctrip can deliver better service and better quality, then, probably we can welcome more customers in the 
market. So I think still we will keep our service quality and efficient sales market channels to grab more customers 
from different channels. So these are still our major measures during this tough period. And also, in terms of cost 
control, we will have certain improvement of freezing measures during this tough period in the short term. So, I'm sure 
with these measures, we will try to enlarge our revenue and also decrease our costs. 

<A - Jane Jie Sun>: And Catherine, I want to take your second question, which is the impact of the 3% removal of the 
commission rate. So far, our commission rate has been maintained at a very consistent level as previous period. We will 
work with our airline partners very closely to make sure that we stay as efficient as possible to support their sales. The 
government is eliminating the 3% mandatory commission rate and to let the market to decide the commission rate. And 
that is good news for Ctrip, because we believe, based on our strong execution, we are one of the most efficient and 
effective sales channel, and by doing that, I think our value proposal for the airlines remains strong. So, so far, I think 
the rate based on our visibility has been maintained. 

<Q - Catherine Leung>: Thank you. If I may, for the first question, can I have a short follow-up? On the recruitment 
freezing, which areas, for example, in product development, sales and marketing or the back office functions, will you 
target to reduce or control the headcounts? 

<A - Min Fan>: Normally – during the normal period, in fact, we will recruit a little bit more staff to prepare for the 
increased transaction. So that means, even right now since the business is not so good as before, maybe the volume 
increase is not so high as before. So in the time being, during time being we have – right now we have already have 
enough staffing here. So right now, we will probably will freeze all the departments recruitment unless it's very key 
personnel, it's a must for our services. So – cost line freezing, yeah. 

<Q - Catherine Leung>: Thank you. 

<A - Min Fan>: Thank you. 

<A - Jane Jie Sun>: Sure. Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed. 

<Q - Mike Olson>: Hi, thanks, good morning. 

<A - Min Fan>: Hi. 

<A - Jane Jie Sun>: Good morning. 

<Q - Mike Olson>: Two quick questions. The first one is, given the tough environment obviously you've issued 
guidance for Q4 revenue outlook that's cautious. Is there any reason to expect an uptick in the first half of '09 from 
what you're guiding for in Q4? 

<A - Jane Jie Sun>: Sure. For Q4, based on the customer loading data just published by the major airlines, we are very 
glad to see that the volume is picking up compared to Q3. And as long as there is volume we will penetrate into the 
market and gain as much market share as possible. So that's a positive sign. The reason we give a very conservative 
guidance for Q4, is that the ticket price still remains at a very low level, which offsets the volume increase and ticket 
price, we do not have too much control of. So that's the reason for us to give prudent and conservative guidance for Q4. 

Now going forward in 2009, we will monitor the market very carefully, and hopefully based on airlines yield 
management – the price hopefully will increase to a healthy level and we are working on the 2009 forecast. So by the 
time we release our Q4 number, we should have better visibility and give you solid guidance at that time. 


<Q - Mike Olson>: Okay. And then my second quick question is, Jane, can you just give us an update on the 
applications for preferential check tax treatment and what you expect the tax rate will occur in '09? 

<A - Jane Jie Sun>: Sure. Let me try to walk you through the tax in four steps. First of all, under the new tax law 
which took effect here on January 1 of 2008, companies should apply 25% tax rate unless they're qualified for high and 
new technology enterprise status. 

Secondly, we have already submitted the high and new technology enterprise application materials for all our major 
entities and the government authorities will announce the result upon completion of their review. 

Thirdly, in Q3, the tax bureau of Pudong province have formalized a widely adopted practice. To provide for a five 
year transitional reduced tax rate for a company that is incorporated in Pudong. Therefore we applied 18% for one 
entity that was incorporated in Pudong for fiscal year 2008. 

The transitional tax provision provides a phase-in rate from 18% to 20, 22, 24 and 25% for the next five years starting 
from 2008. So that's the Pudong entity. 

Now going forward into 2008, the worse scenario is that if none of the entities within our group is entitled for the high 
and the new technology preferential tax treatment, then our tax rate is about 24 to 25%, including the stock-based 
compensation, or 20%. Approximately 20%, excluding stock-based compensation charges. The best scenario is that if 
the entities we applied for are entitled for high and the new technology preferential tax treatment, then our tax rate will 
be in the range of 19 to 20%, including share-based compensation charges, or 15 to 16%, excluding share-based 
compensation charges. 

<Q - Mike Olson>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

<A - Jane Jie Sun>: Sure. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of with RBS. Please proceed. 

<Q - Wendy Huang>: Hi, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. First of all, could you comment 
on the hotel bookings commission rate change in Q3, and especially the Q-on-Q changes? And also, based on your 
initial observation of the Q4, what's the trend of the occupancy rates in the hotel industry right now, and what's the 
trend in the hotel room price? And how will that impact the hotel room volume and the commission of Ctrip's 
revenues? Thank you. 

<A - Jane Jie Sun>: Okay. For Q3, the hotel commission rate remained consistent with previous year and previous 
quarter, which is about 15%. And hotel price is still within the range of 450 to 500, towards the lower end of the range. 
So it's very consistent. In Q – going forward, I think we are monitoring the market very carefully. Lots of companies 
are putting cost control measures for the travel pattern, so we again are monitoring the occupancy rate very carefully. 
Compared to the peak time which the occupancy rate average was around 60 to 70%, we do see a slight decrease in the 
occupancy rate across the board. 

<Q - Wendy Huang>: And my second question is about your air ticketing commission. Is Q3's commission decline 
mainly because of the ticket price decline or mainly because of the commission rate change? 

<A - Jane Jie Sun>: It's mainly due to the ticket volume change. Let me walk you through the ticket price and share 
the best visibility we have so far. 

The ticket price in China is determined mainly by the airlines with some guidelines from the government. We can give 
our feedback to the airlines, but the final decision is made by the airlines. We will try to do our best to share our 
visibility with you. The ticket price is mainly made of two components. The first one is the raw ticket price and the 
second one is the fuel surcharge. 


We take a commission based on the raw ticket price, and the raw ticket price decreased significantly in Q3 by 
approximately 10 to 15% year-over-year. In Q4, we haven't seen the price to be rebounded back yet. That again is the 
reason why we give a conservative guidance for Q4. The fuel surcharge is linked to the fuel costs and approved by the 
government. If the fuel cost in China was very high in Q3, the fuel surcharge was also pretty high. So what we have 
seen so far is the oil price is decreasing worldwide. We hope that fuel costs in China will come down also, and which 
will bring down the fuel surcharge accordingly. If the airlines want to maintain the total ticket price steady, the 
decrease in fuel surcharge will give more room for raw ticket price to increase in the future. So that's the best visibility 
we have so far. 

<Q - Wendy Huang>: That's very clear. I have a final question if I may have? 

<A - Jane Jie Sun>: Sure. 

<Q - Wendy Huang>: That's on the gross margin. First quarter the gross margin declined by more than 200 basis 
points, but if we look at the revenue mix, actually the air-ticketing didn't increase too much as a percentage of total 
revenues. So could you help me understand whether – did you see any pressure on the gross margin of the hotel 
booking or whether it's mainly because of the increasing revenue contributions on the packaged tours this quarter? 

<A - Jane Jie Sun>: Sure. Sure. Our cost is very much linked to the business volume, such as the tickets we booked, 
the number of the tickets we booked. So if you look at our volume in Q3, for example, the ticket volume increased by 
37% but our cost increased by 20%. The decrease in the margins was mainly due to the decrease in ticket price, which 
impacted our total commission for each ticket. For example, if you have 100 people calling in, no matter what the ticket 
price is, we have to have staff to service these calls. So the labor cost is not correlated to the ticket price, but more 
correlated to the volume. That's the reason you see the gross margin decrease in Q3. 

Now going forward, as Min said, we will implement more aggressive cost control measures, such as tight head count 
control, improved efficiency in all business groups and run a more effective sales and marketing channel in order to 
improve our margin level. 

<Q - Wendy Huang>: Okay. Thanks. 

<A - Jane Jie Sun>: Sure. Thank you. 

<Q - Wendy Huang>: That's all I have. Thank you. 

<A - Jane Jie Sun>: Thanks, Wendy. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line Ming Zhao with SIG. Please proceed. 

<Q - Chun Ming Zhao>: Well, Thank you. Good morning everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. 

<A - Jane Jie Sun>: Good morning Ming. 

<Q - Chun Ming Zhao>: Hi. I was wondering if you could give us more color on your Q4 guidance. If we compare 
Q3 and Q4, it seems like your volume is better in Q4 so far. Hotel should – are you forecasting hotel to be worse than 
Q3 even without the Olympic event? How should we look at your guidance? That's my major question. 

<A - Jane Jie Sun>: Okay. The market from a volume perspective, we are very glad to see the market volume has 
increased and again we will be very positive to penetrating to the market and get these volumes at, for as much as 
possible. So we are confident that the volume growth will be very healthy for us. However, what we have seen so far, 
particularly in the air industry, is that the average raw ticket price has not rebounded back to the prior year level. The 
decrease in the raw price on a year-over-year basis will pull back the revenue growth rate. That's the main reason why 
we give conservative guidance. For hotel, I think we are forecasting a healthy growth based on the market volume. 


<Q - Chun Ming Zhao>: Okay. So on the hotel side, do you see some rebound after the Olympic? 

<A - Min Fan>: Yeah, for hotel side, normally I think the whole travel industry anticipated a very healthy rebound 
after the Olympic Games. As everybody knows that after Olympic Games, the financial crises across the world, so 
there is certain impact in the business travelers' behavior. And although most of our clients are domestic travelers but 
those clients, if they are companies or their businesses associated with the domestic business probably they will travel 
as normal but still would be a little bit less since every company right is controlling their cost very tightly. And if our 
clients, their business is export-oriented or a JV, those companies – they are more likely to reduce their travel expense 
to a certain extent. So that's why we anticipate in Q4 the hotel rebound will not be so significant as we anticipated 
before. So – but still there was certain growth, but the growth will be – I should say, will be not so high as before since 
the – with the impact of the financial crisis. 

<Q - Chun Ming Zhao>: Okay. And lastly, can you update us on the international visa issuance by the government? Is 
that visa restriction restricted – lifted already into November month? 

<A - Min Fan>: Yeah. The visa, right now, already lifted. And I think the still there are some after effects because of 
those foreigners – they travel to China, they will plan their schedule well ahead of time. So, in Q3 and even in Q4, still 
there would be probably some impact on the travel patterns, travel behaviors here. And also, as we know, probably 
some international meetings, conference – they either postponed or cancelled because of the visa around the Olympic 
Games period. And then after the Olympics Games, because of the financial crisis, those big meetings – they postponed 
or canceled. So I think – even the visa lifted – visa control lifted, but still the incoming foreigners, still the trend is not 
so big as the industry anticipated before. 

<Q - Chun Ming Zhao>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

<A - Min Fan>: Thank you. 

<A - Jane Jie Sun>: Thanks, Ming. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Richard Ji with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed. 

<Q - Richard Ji>: Hi, James, Min and Jane. Good morning. 

<A - Jane Jie Sun>: Hi, Richard. 

<A - Min Fan>: Hi. 

<Q - Richard Ji>: Hi. I have two questions, and let me start with the hotel booking business. Can you help us to 
understand a little better about the growth dynamics in tier 1 cities versus the tier 2 cities? And should we expect higher 
growth potential in the tier 2 cities going forward despite the uncertainties in the travel market? 

<A - Min Fan>: Okay. Regarding the hotel revenue mix; in Q3, because of the Olympic Games, we can see the 
revenue transaction generated from the first-tier cities decreased a little bit because of the first-tier cities, Shanghai, 
Beijing, their Olympic Games. So the volume from these two big cities decreased a little bit and even – especially in 
Beijing, as we compare the data, this Q3 hotel bookings business compared with last year is decreased. So, definitely 
there will be some impact on the first-tier city production. And in the general picture, we can see the -- right now there 
are more production from – more than 50% production generated from the second-tier and third-tier cities. And 
regarding the growth ratio, I should say it's still – the growth ratio from the second-tier and the third-tier, the hotel 
booking growth ratio is higher than the first-tier cities. 

<Q - Richard Ji>: Thanks Min. And the other area, despite of all these uncertainties one bright spot is your leisure 
travel business. And so going forward, should we expect this business to be more resilient than your business travel 
service for the time being. And what is the revenue, roughly revenue breakdown between your leisure versus your 


business traveler? Thanks. 

<A - Min Fan>: For the leisure and business travelers right now still, I think the 80% and 20% this kind of scenario is 
still almost not without big changes. Still, we have more business travelers generate our productions. And – but we are 
working very hard to try to enlarge our leisure travelers' business and especially via our vacation packages business 
line. And we can anticipate that there will be more high growth ratio from the leisure traveler's side than the ratio from 
the business traveler's side. 

<Q - Richard Ji>: Okay. Great. Thanks. 

<A - Jane Jie Sun>: Thanks. 

<A - Min Fan>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Eddie Leung with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed. 

<Q - Eddie Leung>: Hey, good morning, Jane Sun... 

<A - Jane Jie Sun>: Good morning 

<Q - Eddie Leung>: My question is, could you guys share with us more insights in the industry trends? You have 
observed so far in the fourth quarter, in October as well as so far in November. In particular, I want to understand more 
about the relative strength between the business travelers and the leisure travelers in these two months? And how much 
roughly, or qualitatively speaking with the so called pending demand, and how much you think is actually still we are 
looking at some organic growth for the industry as a whole? Thanks. 

<A - Jane Jie Sun>: Yeah. The industries for Q4 so far I think, in terms of the volume growth, it has been better than 
Q3 based on the Air China's data and also Southern Air, I think the volume growth has been very healthy. So we are 
confident that, as the volume in the market is growing, we will be able to increase our volume accordingly. 

However, I think we – also there is also some uncertainty in the market, just as many of you have already experienced, 
that many firms have implemented cost control measures that – to reduce unnecessary travel or to reduce the fare from 
business travel class to economy travel class for the air tickets. So the cost measure across the board, we still need to 
monitor very carefully to get a full picture of it. 

But overall, in general, I think the pent-up demand for Q4 looks better than Q3. That's how we feel right now. 

<Q - Eddie Leung>: Yeah. Go ahead, Min. Thanks. 

<A - Min Fan>: Yeah, sorry. Also, if you are talking about the leisure travelers. I think the consumer behavior from 
leisure travelers they are very heavily, you can see linked with the real estate market and the stock market in China. So 
I think – so that's why even the Golden Holiday of this October 1, the travel industry did not come up with a very, very 
high rebound after the Olympic Games. But, in the other hand, I think if the China economic growth still can be 
growing at a high digit growth ratio, let's say 8 or 9% next year, I think that will give more confidence to those leisure 
travelers. But it still depends on the macro economic growth trends, so, we are still waiting – yeah, waiting some time 
to see the afterwards effect. 

<Q - Eddie Leung>: So is it fair to say that so far the observation seems to point to the fact that it seems like the 
leisure travelers are less sensitive to the economic headwinds than the business travelers? 

<A - Jane Sun>: Both are sensitive. 

<A - Min Fan>: Both they are sensitive. 


<Q - Eddie Leung>: Okay, one last question is about the conferences in the fourth quarter. Do we see any major 
conferences, say in December or later part of November in China? 

<A - Min Fan>: You mean biz conference? 

<Q - Eddie Leung>: Yes, business conferences. 

<A - Min Fan>: I think quite some conference reduced. And yeah, plus there will still be a few big conference or 
exhibition were still held during this season, let say within this week. There will be an International Travel Mart event 
in Shanghai, and – but I think those medium size or small size international conferences will be cancelled or postponed. 
But for those very big conference, because the setup maybe one year ago or more than six months ago, so still quite 
some big conference still will be in Shanghai in Beijing. 

<Q - Eddie Leung>: Understood. 

<A - Min Fan>: But the visitors or even the participants will be – some time will be decreased. 

<Q - Eddie Leung>: Understood. Thank you very much. 

<A - Min Fan>: Thank you. 

<A - Jane Sun>: Sure. Thanks, Eddie. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line Marisa Ho from Credit Suisse. Please, proceed. 

<Q - Marisa Ho>: Hello. Good morning. You were alluding to rapid market share increases during the third quarter, 
would you be able to give us a little bit more color and perhaps also quantify the market shares you now have across 
the hotel booking and also the air ticketing side? 

<A - Jane Sun>: Sure. The market share sometimes depending on the data you use, it's very hard to calculate. Based 
on our calculation, right now we are about 5%. 

<Q - Marisa Ho>: Air ticketing. 

<A - Jane Sun>: Yeah. For air ticketing, for air ticketing. For hotel, probably we're still at around 2 to 3%. 

<A - Min Fan>: 2 to 3, but I think for – although we encounter very hard time, here, but still we can see our market 
share is quite strong and also we can see – we still grasp for more kinds – more customers from those small players in 
the market. So I think this is a – we are very confident, even in the difficult time we can still grow, still get more new 
customer from the market. 

<Q - Marisa Ho>: Great. I know it's somewhat early to talk about the visibility going into 2009, but would it be 
realistic to expect a rebound. I mean, compared to what you are looking at in the third quarter and also the fourth 
quarter of 2008? Or are we likely going to be looking at just about like 10% growth made for the full year of 2009? 

<A - Jane Sun>: Yes, I think, Marisa I think we are still rolling up our 2009 forecast. When we look at our forecast, 
there are couple of things we need to monitor. The first one is the volume and so far the volume in the market has been 
increasing and we are very confident that as long as there is volume in market, we will get as much as possible the 
market share from these volumes. 

The second element we look at is the price for hotels and the price for the air tickets. That we do not have control of. 
We can give the feedback to our suppliers and they will make the final decision, so that is something we are anxiously 
waiting for and monitoring. By the time we announce our earnings, hopefully, we will have better visibility on that 
element. And the last one is the commission rate. Again, that is depending on the market and again we will keep you 
updated throughout the process to make sure our guidance appropriately reflects the commission rate as well. 


<A - Min Fan>: Yes. I would like to add one point here. If the government they can carry out their stimulus plan in 
China, later this year and next year very efficiently, I think the travel market will – there will be quite health growth 
next year if the -- all those plans can carry very efficient training and on time. 

<Q - Marisa Ho>: Thank you. 

<A - Min Fan>: Thank you. 

<A - Jane Sun>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line Chris Zee with BNP. Please proceed. 

<Q - Chris Zee>: Hi guys. I just have a several follow up questions, most of the questions have been answered already. 
First of all, for the air ticket commissions per ticket being issued in the 3Q had dropped by 12%, do you foresee it to go 
sideways in the fourth quarter or first quarter next year or do you see more down side? That's the first question. And 
then second question basically pertains to your second upcoming call center, can you provide us an update particularly 
now that you are imposing the hiring freeze so any tractions or potential delays on that one, please? Thank you. 

<A - Jane Sun>: Sure. On the commission, if you look at the commission per ticket for dollar amount, there are two 
components that needs to take – be taken into consideration. The first one is the commission rate. The second one is the 
price for each ticket. The commission rate has been maintained at a consistent level as previous quarters. However, the 
price has decreased by 10 to 15% on the raw ticket price. That is the main reason why the commission on a dollar 
amount decreased year-over-year by around 12%. Now going forward in Q4, we still see that ticket price on a raw 
ticket price is still very low. That's again what the reason why we gave the guidance we have in the press release. 

Now your second question on the call center, the call center we have currently, the first call center we have currently 
will sustain our growth for the next one year or two. And then we need new space to accommodate social growth. We 
will take a very conservative and prudent way to construct the Nantong call center. The building is going to be built in 
two phases. So there is no P&L hit until the building is ready to be put in service. So not P&L hit until 2010. 

<Q - Chris Zee>: So the second call center – the Nantong wouldn't be ready for operations until 2010? 

<A - Jane Sun>: Perfect. That's correct. 

<Q - Chris Zee>: Okay. Can you just remind us what is the CapEx going to be involved for this year and next year. 

<A - Jane Sun>: Sure. It's around $20 million a year for this year, next year and the year after. 

<Q - Chris Zee>: Thanks very much. 

<A - Jane Sun>: Sure. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next questions comes from the line of Eleanor Long. Please proceed. 

<Q>: Hi. Thank you. I just have a follow-up for – the question is regarding the hotel rate, can you give a little bit 
picture on how is the hotel price in the market right now? Do you see a downward trend going on which could 
potentially depress your commission rate? 

<A - Jane Sun>: For Q3, what we have seen is the hotel price has been maintained at a very consistent level, which 
was in the range of 450 to 500 towards the low end, but still within the reasonable range. 


<Q>: How about in Q4? Have you seen any downward trends, going forward? 
<A - Jane Sun>: No. 
<A - Min Fan>: For the Q4, I think, right now, still those high-end hotels, they will lower down a little bit, but a very, 


very small percentage. So – and on the other hand, those budget hotels and they maintain their prices across board. So 
we don't see a significant decrease on this room rate right now. 
<Q>: Thank you. 
<A - Jane Sun>: Thanks. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of San Chang with Talon Capital. Please proceed. 
<Q>: Yeah. I just want to ask a question about your packaged tour. I just want to know, can you distinguish your 


packaged tour revenue in Q3? How much percentage of them are attributed to the only one long weekend holiday, and 
can we expect Q-on-Q growth for the fourth quarter in this sector? 
<A - Jane Sun>: The one long holiday – which holiday do you mean? The October holiday is going to be in Q4. 
<Q>: Yeah. I mean, before that. Do you see any – okay, I'm sorry. I just mean, past – post Olympics-related packaged 


tour, yeah. Just right before the October the 1. 
<A - Jane Sun>: Normally, in Q3, it's the summer season. So the students are out of school. So normally, in Q3, kids 


would go out and have tours with their parents. This Q3, though – I think because of the Olympic Games, it's distorted 
in some level. Q4, October holiday was in line with our expectations. 
<Q>: Okay, thank you. 
<A - Jane Sun>: Sure, thank you. 
<Q>: When can we see your – the worth of business travel to a meaningful revenue contribution to <
A - Jane Sun>: You mean the corporate travel, right? 
<Q>: Yes, yes. 
<A - Jane Sun>: Yes. Sure, sure. The corporate travel this year is growing at a very fast level. So hopefully by the end 


of next year when the revenue is exceeding 5%, we will be able to break it out to help you to see exactly how much 


money they are making. So next year we will probably break it out. 
<Q>: You just mentioned your – there will be more increase from the air ticket volume in fourth quarter, so – 
comparing to the commission rate. So can we expect the same GP margin comparing to the third quarter or fourth 
quarter? 


<A - Jane Sun>: Yes, pretty much. We – probably the gross margin will be at a level between 77 to 78 and operating 
margins, before stock compensation, will be at around 37 to 39%. We will do our best to control the cost and hopefully 
we will be offsetting the margins by increasing our efficiency in operating level. 


<Q>: Okay, thanks. That's all. 
<A - Jane Sun>: Thank you. 

Operator 


[Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Marie Sohul with Credit Suisse. Please proceed. 

<Q>: I just have two quick follow-up questions. The first one is about the cost control measures that you are about. In 
your current budget, I mean, are you now expecting the cost to rise at a slower rate compared to the revenue line. Or are 
you actually budgeting the cost to, perhaps stay flat or even decline in an absolute dollar basis? 

<A - Jane Sun>: Because the market had such uncertainty, we will take very prudent and careful steps. So currently, 
our target is, try to control the cost so that it stays relatively flat. But obviously there are certain costs that need to go 
with the revenue. For example, if the volume grows to a certain level, we need people to service them, but for other 
costs we will try to reduce them to increase the efficiency. So hopefully we will, as a percentage of total revenue, the 
cost will grow at a lower level compared to the revenue growth. 

<Q>: Right. Okay. And my second question is about the Skyway alliance. I mean, do you have an update on how that 
one is going? 

<A - Jane Sun>: Sure. 

<A - Min Fan>: For the Skyway alliance I think right now we do not expect Skyway alliance to generate significant 
profit featured in the near future. And the objective of the Skyway alliance is to establish a mutual and good brand for 
those quality low-end hotels to provide good service to travelers and also to provide more choice to price sensitive 
travelers and for those low staff hotel travelers. And right now, Skyway is operate independently and meets our 
expectation so far. 

<Q>: My feeling is in this could be an initiative you want to push in 2009, I mean because, if the overall travel market 
becomes difficult, your customers may actually want to economize. So they actually want to trade down to the lower 
grade hotels. 

<A - Min Fan>: Yeah. That may be helpful. 

<A - Jane Sun>: Yeah. I think Skyway alliance, from a revenue contribution perspective it will remain to be 
insignificant because the other revenue pool is so huge. But it's a meaningful way to provide value added services to 
both of our customers and our suppliers, because the quality is – if the quality of guaranteed that will offer more 
choices for our customers. And for the hotel side, if we add some branding power to promote quality to hotel, I think 
that's good for our supplies too. So it's really a valued service for our customers as well as our vendor. So the business 
meeting exceeds the financial income as of this moment. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the Wendy Huang with RBS. Please proceed 

<Q - Wendy Huang>: Thanks for taking my follow up question. First, could you give me some guidance on the Q4 
tax rate if I missed it? And I think you mentioned before that, you expect some tax reversal in Q4. So, should we expect 
a big drop in Q4 tax rate? 

<A - Jane Sun>: Sure. The worst the tax rate we have is the SAVF2 for the full year, because we did a true up before 
the Putong province. So, if the other entities did not get the high-end new technology status, our full year tax rate will 
be the same as the nine months tax rate. If the entities we applied for high-end new technology get their status 
approved, then we will reduce these entities tax rate to a 15% tax rate, excluding share based compensation cost. 

<Q - Wendy Huang>: And, second, could you help me understand about gross margin between the high-end hotel 
bookings and low-end hotel booking. My understanding is that actually the cost is very much fixed and similar for both 
type of hotels, so with the increasing revenue contribution from the low end hotels will you see any pressure over the 
gross margin? 


<A - Jane Sun>: Sure. For the gross margin, it's very difficult to segregate to certain level of the cost to one – from one 
to the other. But we will do our best to help our investor to understand the gross margin. Roughly, the gross margin for 
the hotel business is somewhere around 85% to 90%. And for high-end hotels, it is towards the high-end of the range, 
and economy hotel is toward the low end of the range. 

<Q - Wendy Huang>: I see. Thanks. 

<A - Jane Sun>: Sure. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your final question comes from the line of Huang, Candy with Nomura Please proceed. 

<Q - Candy Huang>: Hi, Jane. On your balance sheet, can you explain why the – almost a double increase in the 
advanced -- customer? 

<A - Jane Sun>: Sure. October holiday is – it's a big holiday, golden week holiday, for China. So we book a lot of 
packaged tours for October holiday and when we book it, the customer will pay us up front and we will realize our 
revenue upon return and completion of their of their tours. So before they come back, the money they give to us is 
recorded as customer advance. 

<Q - Candy Huang>: Okay. So, you mean that the huge increase in the packaged tour in the – by the end of the third 
quarter – as these increases very sharp compared with the previous few quarters. 

<A - Jane Sun>: Yeah, yeah. If you compare quarter over quarter, that number should increase quite significantly 
because if you're comparing June number, there is no national holiday in June. Only in July. So you will not receive the 
customer advance for that – these two months versus in September, you do receive advance payment from the customer 
for the deposit of the packaged tour they are going to use in October. 

<Q - Candy Huang>: Okay. How about... 

<A - Jane Sun>: But if you look at historical trends, September – in every year, September you should see an increase 
in customer deposits. 

<Q - Candy Huang>: Okay. So now is it normalized to a normal level or still very high level in your liability trends? 

<A - Jane Sun>: Once the holiday is over, once they came back from their packaged tour, that balance should be 
reduced. 

<Q - Candy Huang>: Okay. Another two question on your account receivable, also the balances increased by over 
68% year-on-year versus your revenue growth like, I think 28%. 

<A - Jane Sun>: Sure. 

<Q - Candy Huang>: ...28%, 29%. So, is the airline companies well -- [inaudible] payable to you or are there any 
other issues... 

<A - Jane Sun>: Sure. It's similar to what we explained before. If you look at our AR balance there was three 
components. The first one is the hotel commission and we normally confirm the hotel commission with hotels before 
we book it, and we normally pay debt collect to AR between one to one and a half month. The second part of the AR is 
corporate travel customers, which is also one-third of our AR and we control the AR very tightly and collect the AR 
between 45 days to 60 days. 

And the rest of the AR are mainly due to the credit – the AR from the credit card banks, because when we issue a 
ticket, for example, when our customer collect to book our RMB1,000 ticket we will increase the AR from the credit 
card company for RMB1,000 and also increase the AP to the airlines for 950, and the difference of RMB50 is our 
commission. And normally within two to three days, the credit card bank will pay us the RMB1,000 and then we will 


reduce our AR for 1,000 and increase our cash for 1,000. 

So if you look at AR and AP for this quarter, they both increased because we've received the payment from the 
customer's credit bank company, but we also need to submit the ticket price to the airline company. So the AR and AP 
both increased. 

<Q - Candy Huang>: Okay. Last question on your fourth quarter, you forecast like 5 to 15% – given that you were 
taking some cost control measures plus you may receive some effective – lower effective tax rates in the fourth quarter. 
So can we expect like flat margin or operating margin in the fourth quarter, year-on-year? 

<A - Jane Sun>: Gross margin probably will be – it's reasonable to assume it's probably at a range of 77% to 78%, and 
operating margin probably is between 37% to 40%, excluding share based compensation charges. 

<Q - Candy Huang>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the question and answer session. I would like to now turn the call back over to 
Ms. Jade Wei for closing remarks. Please proceed. 

Jade Wei, Investor Relations 

Okay. Thanks everyone for participating in our conference call. So, it was nice to conclude the conference call here and 
hope to have you next quarter. 

Min Fan, Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you very much. 

Jane Jie Sun, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you. 

Operator 

Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now 
disconnect, good day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2008, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


