Q3 2012 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Mark A. Thierer 
• Jeffrey G. Park 
Other Participants 

• Amanda Murphy 
• Brian Tanquilut 
• Tom Liston 
• Robert M. Willoughby 
• George R. Hill 
• Lisa C. Gill 
• David Samuel MacDonald 
• Robert P. Jones 
• Glen J. Santangelo 
• Brooks Gregory O'Neil 
• David M. Larsen 
• Andrew Schenker 
• Michael A. Cherny 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Catamaran Corporation's 2012 Third 
Quarter Results Conference Call. Catamaran issued an earnings press release this morning, which has been filed with 
the SEC and is available on the Investor Information section of Catamaran's website at www.catamaranrx.com. 

Listeners are reminded that portions of today's discussions contain forward-looking statements that reflect current 
views with respect to future events, such as Catamaran's outlook for future performance and revenue and earnings 
growth and various other aspects of its business. Any such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and 
assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. 
Please refer to the cautionary language in the earnings release and in Catamaran's filings with the SEC as well as 
Catamaran's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

During the call, there will also be a discussion of some items that do not conform to Generally Accepted Accounting 
Principles, including adjusted EPS and EBITDA. Catamaran has reconciled these items to the most-comparable GAAP 
measures in today's earnings release. 

As this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a 
question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue for questions. We ask that you 
please limit your questions to two per person to be mindful of others. 

I would like to remind everyone that this call is being recorded on Thursday, November 1 at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time. A 
replay of today's call will be available on Catamaran's website approximately one hour after the conclusion of this call. 


I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mark Thierer, Chairman and CEO. Please go ahead, sir. 

Mark A. Thierer 

Thank you and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today for our third quarter earnings call. 

The fiscal third quarter was our first one following the completion of the merger of SXC and Catalyst, and I am very 
pleased to report that we posted strong results for the quarter and are well-positioned for a strong 2013. For the third 
quarter, Catamaran posted $3.2 billion in revenues and $103.2 million in EBITDA which we view as an impressive 
opening performance for our recently merged company. 

Looking back at the first 90 days of Catamaran, we feel very good about our progress in executing on our integration 
plan. As of our close date on July 2, our integration plan was 100% complete allowing us to focus totally on execution, 
synergies and growth. As a result, we are on schedule or ahead of schedule for every key integration metric we are 
tracking. We are progressing very well on our integration plan, and I'm encouraged by how well our teams are working 
together to position our company for future success. 

I've had the opportunity to visit many of our legacy Catalyst offices, and I have been extremely pleased with the talent 
level and the overall energy of the team. Now, we knew well before the merger that the cultures of SXC and Catalyst 
were closely aligned, and it's been gratifying for me to see the entire organization focused on client retention and new 
business. 

Strong client relationships are critical to our success, and I am proud to report that our client retention post-merger has 
followed our historical trends and remains at 98%. Our teams have been heavily focused on outreach to clients to 
secure and renew these important relationships. I personally used the first 90 days as an opportunity to meet with many 
of Catalyst's largest customers, and the feedback I've received has been very positive. 

Since the close of the merger, we have grown the pipeline substantially which is a testament to our differentiated 
position in the market and our ability to integrate acquisitions seamlessly. As our 2013 selling season is closing out, 
we're pleased to already be tracking a large set of pipeline opportunities for 2014. These opportunities are taking shape 
earlier than we've seen in prior selling seasons. 

We are capturing the attention of potential clients, earning their confidence and conveying our value proposition. One 
of our stated objectives in combining SXC and Catalyst was our intention to take our new-found skill and scale up 
market into the largest employers and, to that end, I'm very pleased to announce that we've signed a three year 
full-service PBM contract with Target, a Fortune 40 employer and a leader in innovative employee benefits. This 
contract goes live on April 1, 2013 and we're extremely pleased to have been selected as Target's PBM partner. 

In addition to Target, we have posted a substantial number of new wins in this last quarter. Another example is our 
recent win of a $60 million six-year HCIT contract for tools and PBM services for the State of Indiana's Medicaid 
program. This contract includes our innovative Enhanced Coordination of Benefits offering which was recognized last 
month by the Chicago Innovation Awards as one of the 10 most influential innovations in this past year. 

There have been a lot of discussions in the past 12 months as to the states moving away from directly managing their 
pharmacy costs. We, however, continue to find states looking to us to help them bring costs and control to the state 
finances and helping these states to actually drive negative cost trends in pharmacy. We continue to be well-positioned 
in this market and think healthcare reform will drive unique growth opportunities for Catamaran as we help our states 
manage costs more effectively. 

Our sales pipeline continues to expand positioning Catamaran for a solid 2014 selling season. We're seeing more and 
more payers seeking alternatives to the status quo, and we are now regularly invited to the table for these opportunities. 
We're especially encouraged to be seeing more large-scale employers in the mix of our new opportunities as more 
industry consultants are now viewing Catamaran as a flexible, scaled and proven alternative that can meet their clients' 
unique needs. 


In summary, we're very pleased with our progress and the strength of our growth prospects as we enter the new 
calendar year. But before I move onto the financials with Jeff, I wanted to spend a few minutes to highlight some of the 
important developments shaping our business. 

First, we continue to see disruption in our industry including large organizations looking for more flexible and scalable 
options to better meet their needs. This atmosphere of disruption and change plays to our advantage because we have 
the resources and technology platform necessary to be a winning alternative. 

Second, healthcare reform in the upcoming election is driving vigorous healthcare debates in our country and 
Catamaran is well-positioned regardless of who wins this election. We are already working with current and potential 
clients to explore their challenges as they face 2014 and helping them consider the impact of new payment models and 
new requirements. 

And third, I want to highlight the importance of specialty pharmacy in our growth plans. By 2016, seven of the top 10 
most-utilized drugs in the nation will be classified as specialty addressing conditions like hepatitis C, cancer, 
rheumatoid arthritis, HIV and multiple sclerosis. Specialty pharmacy, the spending is expected to project and grow at 
18% of total pharmacy costs of 2010 to now 43% projected by the year 2020. 

Earlier this month, we unveiled our newly branded specialty offering, BriovaRx, that puts the focus squarely on the 
patient with a one-on-one support model and a personalized wellness plan, and this stands in stark contrast to the 
conventional industry approach focused solely on drug distribution. BriovaRx represents the fifth-largest specialty 
pharmacy in the nation and plays a very important role in our long-term growth strategy. 

And now at this point, I'd like to turn the call over to our CFO, Jeff Park, who can provide you with a more detailed 
look at the quarter. 

Jeffrey G. Park 

Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Q3 was an important quarter in the company's history because it was 
the first quarter that we are reporting as a combined company and as Catamaran. We generated record revenue growth 
driven by new business we implemented this year and the addition of the Catalyst book of business. Let me take you 
through the results for the third quarter, and then I'll spend a few minutes summarizing our 2012 guidance assumptions, 
taking into account the financial impact from our acquisition of Catalyst. 

For Q3, revenues for Catamaran were $3.2 billion compared to $1.3 billion in Q3 2011, an increase of 148% on a 
year-over-year basis. $1.5 billion of revenue in the quarter was related to the acquisition of Catalyst, which was 
effective on July 2. The HCIT segment was modestly impacted in the third quarter from the exclusion of Catalyst as an 
HCIT client but helped by the inclusion of what Catalyst classified as ASO business that was included in the WHI 
acquisition from last year. Adjusted prescription claims volume for the PBM was $64 million in Q3 compared to $23.3 
million recorded in Q3 2011. 

The company's gross profit increased to $234.9 million in the quarter. Gross profit percentage for the PBM segment 
increased to 6.7% compared to 5.8% in Q2 2012. For the HCIT segment, the gross profit percentage of 60.5% 
compared to 62% in Q2 2012. We are very pleased with our margin performance in both segments on a sequential and 
year-over-year basis. We are seeing gross profit increase due to efficiencies in our operation and synergies related to 
the acquisition of Catalyst and HealthTrans earlier this year. 

We continue to deliver strong EBITDA results, achieving $103.2 million in the quarter, our highest performance in the 
company's history. This represents 126% growth on a year-over-year basis. Adjusted EPS was $0.25 in the quarter and 
takes into account the shares issued for the Catalyst merger and the equity raise completed midway in Q2. We are 
pleased that we generated $147.5 million in cash from operations on a year-to-date basis. This enabled us to pay down 
$100 million of debt in the quarter. Cash flow from operation continues to be an important value driver of our business 
model. 


SG&A expenses increased in the quarter by $69.1 million on a sequential basis. This increase relates primarily to the 
absorption of Catalyst SG&A and transaction and integration costs we incurred. In the quarter, M&A transaction costs 
related to the Catalyst merger were approximately $20 million, and costs to integrate Catalyst were an additional $16 
million. Combined, the $36 million in transaction and integration expenses equaled to $0.11 negative impact after tax 
to both GAAP and adjusted EPS in the quarter. We will continue to include integration costs in our financial results, 
which will negatively impact both GAAP and adjusted EPS. 

Our earnings release this morning included an increase in our 2012 EPS and adjusted EPS guidance. Revenue guidance 
remains unchanged at $9.9 billion to $10 billion. EBITDA guidance also remains unchanged at $353 million to $358 
million, and EPS guidance has increased as it reflects our reduced estimates for interest expense, deal amortization and 
taxes. 

Our GAAP and adjusted EPS assumes the stock split occurred on January 1, 2012, per reporting standards. Our new 
GAAP EPS guidance range is $0.64 to $0.68 versus our prior estimate of $0.62 to $0.64. And our new adjusted EPS 
guidance range is $1.09 to $1.13 versus our prior estimate of $1.07 to $1.09. Adjusted EPS excludes only deal-related 
amortization and does not exclude transaction or integration expenses. 

We continue to expect our increased scale and operating leverage to help us generate an estimated $125 million in 
annualized synergies to be achieved in 18 to 24 month timeframe. We expect to be on the high end of our 2012 realized 
synergy estimates, with approximately $16 million realized in Q3. We continue to expect $40 million to $45 million in 
integration costs to achieve these synergies and, as I mentioned earlier, we already incurred $16 million of that in Q3. 
We are pleased with our early progress on synergies and are on plan with our synergy realization. 

Our tax rate in Q3 was 40% which is higher than our historical tax rate due primarily to the tax treatment of certain 
transaction costs we incurred in the quarter. We expect to see this rate drop in Q4. We now expect a full year 2012 rate 
of 36% to 38%. 

Given the two-for-one stock split on October 1, we expect the weighted average fully diluted share count for 2012 to be 
approximately 168 million shares. Keep in mind, our new EPS guidance range assumes the stock split occurred on 
January 1 of 2012. We will continue our practice of adjusting net income and EPS only for deal-related amortization 
which was $51 million before tax in Q3 and we expect to be roughly $200 million over the next 12 months. 

2012 is a transformational year for Catamaran. We continue to be a very strong player in the health plan and middle 
market, and we like our prospects for moving into the larger employer market. Catamaran has posted strong new 
business sales for 2013 and, as Mark said, we expect the 2014 selling season to be very active. 

The market is primed for change and Catamaran is poised to take advantage of the many opportunities these changes 
present. The payers are looking for an alternative to the traditional PBM model, and we expect to capitalize on this 
demand in the marketplace. 

I want to thank you for your continued support, and I'll now turn the call back to Mark. 

Mark A. Thierer 

Thanks, Jeff. 

We're looking forward to building upon this strong opening chapter for Catamaran and continuing the momentum 
we've now established. We see tremendous opportunity ahead, and we're going to maintain our focus on executing for 
our clients and growing this business. 

I look forward to seeing many of you in person in a few weeks at our Investor Day, November 15 in New York City. 
As many of you know, our Investor Day is a very unique setting in that we include several of our important clients to 
come and share their insights with you directly. We think it's an ideal format to help you gain an understanding of 
what's important from a payer's point of view and why clients are choosing Catamaran. 


Operator, I'd like to now open the line for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And we will go first to Amanda Murphy at William Blair 

<Q - Amanda Murphy>: Hi. Thanks. I had a question on the gross profit side. Obviously, you did very well there, but 
there's a lot of moving parts between the synergies and some of the efforts that you have to improve profitability on the 
underlying business. So I'm curious if you can just help us parse all those out. I know, for example, you talked to 
looking at the legacy Catalyst business and trying to convert some of those contracts from transparent to traditional 
contracts. Is that something that's had an effect already? 

<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: Amanda, this is Jeff. Thanks for your question. The gross profit, to your point, has got a lot of 
pieces to it. Obviously, with the introduction of Catalyst into the financial results, you're seeing a mix of the business 
that's a bit of the legacy two combined. We've also seen a significant improvement in our generic dispense rate in the 
quarter on both books of business, a roughly 2% increase over the last quarter. So that's definitely one driving indicator 
of gross margins as well. 

Similarly with respect to the integrations of both HealthTrans as well as Catalyst, you've seen synergies come through 
in the gross margin line. So those are really the three pieces. Yes, we've talked to a lot of different clients from both 
books of business about their pricing and their pricing models and new ways that they could look at it to drive savings 
and align interests. But it's early to see those results in the financials. 

<Q - Amanda Murphy>: Okay, and then you also – obviously you mentioned the Target win. Can you give us a – or 
are you willing, to give us a new [indiscernible] (17:36)? I think the last number we had was $1.9 billion. 

<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: Sure, Amanda. This is Jeff again. As you know, we sold the fee-for-service business in 
Indiana. We've obviously announced a large employer with Target. We continue to see health plans, small and medium 
employers, really all the markets that we support are firing. We've brought on roughly $350 million to $400 million in 
new businesses since our last call, so this would bring us to around $2.3 billion in new business that was sold this year. 
Keep in mind that regions and some clients that went live on 7/1 have already been included in the second half. But 
really, the market is responding to our channel-agnostic and flexible model, and it's really resounding. With the merger 
announced in the middle of selling season, we really couldn't be more pleased with the sales performance. 

<Q - Amanda Murphy>: Got it. And then just last one on – in terms of the market reaction. So it may be a bit early, 
but what has been the reaction from a client consultant standpoint to your rebranded specialty offering? 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: Amanda, good morning. It's Mark. I would say it's been outstanding, both with the Catamaran 
repositioning and then subsequently with the BriovaRx branding and repositioning. We're really setting ourselves apart 
with our consultant strategy in terms of talking about moving up market and showing up with a full armamentarium of 
tools and technology to compete at the highest levels. So we are leading with BriovaRx. We think that the high-touch 
model that we're putting forward sets us apart. We think it's not just a better cost-containment approach, but that it's 
better for the members ultimately, and so we are selling our hub-and-spoke high-touch BriovaRx model under the new 
BriovaRx brand. 

And so I think the best commentary around it is the proof's in the pudding. The Target win was sponsored by a very 
large consultant, one of the leaders in the market, and we thought it was a pretty good endorsement for us. So I'd say, 
overall, the market reaction's been very good. 

<Q - Amanda Murphy>: Okay. Thanks very much. 


Operator 

We'll move next to Brian Tanquilut at Jefferies. 

<Q - Brian Tanquilut>: Hey. Good morning, guys. Congratulations. Mark, just a question for you on that last 
comment you said about Target and the consultant strategy. Historically, the employer market was not really a 
transparent, focused market, and so could you just describe for us what exactly you guys are doing to change the 
offering or how are you approaching the employer market to get them to look at your differentiated product? 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: Sure, Brian, and it's a good question because I would agree that the employer market has 
been a grooved swing over the last five or 10 years; it really had pretty limited choices. And it's the one place where the 
traditional model, the bundled model, has really flourished. 

So our strategy is pretty simple. We start first with the consultants and the executive decision makers at these large 
employers, and we begin with an unbundling discussion. And this is – we basically approach this thing to disassemble 
the pharmacy benefit offering and reassemble it around their specific needs. And so we're selling flexibility and 
customization and a much more transparent approach at the high end. 

Now, you still need all the same tools. You need specialty. You need formulary management. You need mail order. 
You need a strong network offering, but it's the service model and the deployment inside some of these large employers 
that we're finding – the message is resonating in terms of a customized approach at the high end, and Target's a great 
example of it. 

This is a process where one of the leading consultants in the PBM industry on the high end led this procurement. 
Obviously, Target is a Fortune 40 employer with a lot of lives, 180,000 lives, and they've been serviced with the 
traditional model for a long time. So they were expressly looking for an alternative, and we're selling them a full suite 
of PBM services, including specialty pharmacy, and it's wrapped around their unique client requirement. 

So I'd say we're inverting the model and coming at it with an unbundled and customized approach. That's how we're 
taking this new skill and scale up-market into the largest employers. 

<Q - Brian Tanquilut>: All right. Thanks for that, Mark. And then just one more question. With the Walgreens issue 
now resolved and, obviously, that was one of the disruptions that was driving some business to you guys or some 
increased interest to you guys, have you seen any changes since that time? 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: Well, I would say that the retail network channel has always been a strategic and important 
element in your service offering. It's still a fact that eight out of 10 prescriptions in this country get dispensed through a 
store, and so having strong business relationships with every provider, including Walgreens, I think it's very important 
to note that Walgreens continues to fill about one out of five prescriptions out there. And so to the extent that you have 
an unfavorable business relationship with Walgreens as a PBM, that will put you at a disadvantage, and I can assure 
you that the Target win, that was an important component as well. 

So having good relationships with the retail network is huge and, in fact, I do think that the dislocation caused between 
their public dispute with Express Scripts has shaken loose and continues to shake loose opportunities and discussions 
around preferred and sometimes exclusive retail network offerings. So I do think we're benefiting, we continue to 
benefit from what was happening there. 

<Q - Brian Tanquilut>: Awesome. Thanks, and congratulations again. 

<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: Thanks, Brian. 

Operator 

We'll move next to Tom Liston at Cantor Fitzgerald. 


<Q - Tom Liston>: Hi. Thank you. Good morning. Jeff, just on the Catalyst integration, I didn't get quite the cost 
savings out of the gate. Was it $16 million as well or at this stage of the game are you – you said you're at the top end 
of the range of cost savings. Could you walk through that and just overall how you're feeling about the numbers going 
forward and the timing on the integration? 

<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: Sure, Tom. So what I said was we've achieved $16 million of synergies in the quarter. That 
would annualize to around $64 million on a four-quarter basis against our target of $125 million. When we originally 
talked about the $125 million, Tom, we talked that 20%, 25% of that $125 million was expected to be achieved in 
2012, and so we expect to be on the high end of the 2012 range. Our cost to achieve in the quarter, just to be clear, we 
had $20 million in M&A transaction costs and then roughly $16 million of cost to achieve our integration expense as 
that was incurred in the quarter. Is that clearer, Tom? 

<Q - Tom Liston>: That's very clear. Thank you. And, Mark, just a comment around seeing 2014 opportunities 
starting earlier. Is that just simply a fact of all the dislocation going on in the market and then guys are probably more 
considering a move potentially in this go-around given all that's going on, or are there other factors at play there? 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: No, Tom. I think you've nailed it. It is a confluence of factors, and it's an uncertain time out 
there. First of all, the major players in this market are dealing with large-scale conversions of their own. That always 
creates uncertainty from a client perspective, and that's creating opportunity. 

Obviously, a lot of the big dislocations that are going on politically are fueling a lot of the client's interests in taking a 
look and, I think candidly for us, just the fact that we've grown so rapidly and put a decent number of points on the 
board, we're now a scaled and proven alternative. And so I think it's perfect timing for us to have shown up on a large 
scale and on a national stage here with so many of the changes going on in and around us. So kind of a perfect storm in 
that regard. 

<Q - Tom Liston>: Great. Thank you for taking my questions. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Bob Willoughby at Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Robert M. Willoughby>: Thanks. Mark, I see a membership number for the Target contract, but can you give us 
any incremental details? Was there a mail penetration number you could speak to? Are they taking the specialty benefit 
from you and is there any emphasis on Target stores being used for their employees despite a more open network? Is 
there anything unusual about that pharmacy relationship? 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: Yes. Thanks for the question, Bob. First of all, Target's overall drug spend has a low mail 
order penetration, a reasonably high specialty footprint which we're very encouraged with and, yes, Target did have 
some unique requirements around retail network management, the leveraging of their own store footprint in certain 
geographies. And so that was part of our customized and flexible offering as we built this thing, and we were really 
setting out to help Target execute on their strategies. And I do think that our flexibility in this unique network approach 
we took with Target was an important determinant in helping us win. 

And I do think it's a pretty strong affirmation of our strategy to move up market. If you'll remember when we merged 
the companies, we talked about making this move with the expectation that, for next selling season, we'd be there in 
full force. I think that Target making the selection and ramping up starting it here in April sets us up for a great selling 
season next year in terms of now being asked as a proven contender to the table for these largest deals. 

<Q - Robert M. Willoughby>: Okay, different direction. Can you possibly comment on your ability, what you're 
doing to date managing the cost trend of specialty in some of the physician offices and hospitals? How is that capability 
evolving for you? Are you getting more power in that relationship versus traditional logistics providers? 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: Yeah, that's an excellent question because that's the question our clients are asking in terms of 
how do you really step in front of this freight train. And this is a whole process of engaging with your clients at a 


clinical level through a series of clinical programs that can begin to contain cost, and there's really a sequence of 
programs that we deploy starting with prior authorizations and step therapies. Getting involved directly with the 
providers is critically important, and we do have a national field sales force that directly touches the physicians. 

These are specialists who are writing for very high-cost medications and you have to call directly on their offices. We 
do that in person. We do that telephonically and so we've got a very high touch model on the provider front. We also 
have a provider portal that helps make the whole administration process of bringing these patients on board, clearing 
their benefit reimbursement challenges and making the whole thing happen seamlessly. We think the technology 
interface is superior. 

And then finally, once you do get a hold of a patient, we have patient care coordinators, we call them PCCs, who build 
personal relationships with these members, get to know them individually. And they're talking to them once a month on 
the telephone, and so this high-touch model is something that we're selling and we do think it sets us apart from the 
more mail order-centric specialty models that the big guys have adopted. 

<Q - Robert M. Willoughby>: And you are disintermediating some of these logistics folks or are they participating in 
your specialty pharmacy networks? 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: Now when you say that, Bob, what do you mean disintermediating? Who? 

<Q - Robert M. Willoughby>: Are you generally providing the logistical service of taking that product to the 
physician office or the hospital location or is somebody else doing that for you? 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: No. We are shipping product directly to members' homes and the physician offices as 
appropriate, yeah. And so to the extent that anybody else was doing it before, we're doing it now. 

<Q - Robert M. Willoughby>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

We'll go next to George Hill at Citi. 

<Q - George R. Hill>: Hey. Good morning, guys, and thanks for taking the question. Maybe just a couple of 
accounting questions for Jeff. Jeff on the $36 million in costs that were absorbed this quarter, do they all fall into the 
SG&A line? Is there any spread into the gross profit line, and how should we think about the allocation of those items 
on the income statement? 

<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: Yeah, George. This is Jeff. The $36 million is entirely in the SG&A line. 

<Q - George R. Hill>: Okay. And then with respect to the non-operating line item, I guess, just over $1 million, if we 
were to think about that with respect to where it would fall in the income statement, you guys back it out at the bottom. 
I guess, can you give us any more color on what exactly that is and then would that get backed out of gross profit? 
Would that get backed out of operating profit, I guess trying to think about where that falls from the consolidated 
perspective as opposed to the unconsolidated perspective? 

<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: Sure, George. The net loss attributable to the non-controlling interest is an entity called script 
release. It's inside the financial results. Principally that $1 million that shows on the Q3 would be attributable to the 
SG&A line item. There's some of that in the cost of goods as well, so it would be up above the line. 

<Q - George R. Hill>: Okay. And then I guess, Mark, just from a strategic perspective, a few things: number one 
maybe an update on how conversations are going with Cigna; and then, two, on the competitive environment, you guys 
have got a compelling story that you're going to market with right now. I guess, can you tell me what you're seeing? 
What is the answer to your competitive story from the other three large PBMs? 


<A - Mark A. Thierer>: Okay, George, first on Cigna. I'll just say that our business relationship with Cigna continues 
to be very strong. We are totally focused on helping them execute on their strategy and now, post their acquisition of 
HealthSpring and Bravo, we've spent a lot of time with their leadership team. And keep in mind, they've been a client 
of ours, Cigna had, for a long, long time, some of our tools and technology prior to their acquisition of HealthSpring. 
So we've got great respect for their leadership team. 

And so nothing new to report other than to say that we do think the fact that we don't compete in the Medicare Part D 
business is an important differentiator for us here at Catamaran, and that applies to any health plan that we're doing 
business with. And secondly, obviously, our new combined skill and scale set up well to help any large health plan 
release operating leverage in a meaningful way and we continue to talk to Cigna along those lines as well. 

<Q - George R. Hill>: Okay. Appreciate the color. 

Operator 

And we will take our next question from Lisa Gill at JPMorgan. 

<Q - Lisa C. Gill>: Thanks very much. Good morning. Mark, just to follow back up on Cigna, is there a timeline as to 
when we should hear about your relationships with Cigna going forward as it pertains to the HealthSpring business? 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: No, there isn't a timeline per se, Lisa. Obviously, we've got a three year contract that's in 
place with two one year re-ups, and we just continue to block and tackle and deliver great service to Cigna. 

<Q - Lisa C. Gill>: And then secondly, you talked about 2014 being a very large selling season. Is there a way for you 
to quantify how big you think that'll be for 2014? And then as we think about 2013, did you see any changes around 
plan design? I know we talked a little earlier about narrow networks, but did you see a pick-up in narrow networks or 
anything else that we should be aware of from a plan design perspective? 

<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: Lisa, this is Jeff. From a 2014 selling season, it is hard for us to be able to see what the full 
impact of 2014 will look like. But what we have seen is a much earlier beginning of some of these coming into the 
pipeline principally attributed to the fact that, with healthcare reform, large health plans and employers are looking to 
make sure that they've got the right infrastructure platforms and go forward that it's a very hot topic. And so I think 
those are some of the factors that are driving some of these decisions earlier. Obviously, also, with the dislocation that's 
going on large scale integration, that's also causing a lot of opportunities coming to the market. 

As we move through into the first and second quarter, we'll have a better sight for how big the 2014 selling season is in 
relation to 2013. But all indications are this is going to be a big year. 

From a 2013 perspective and some of the areas, I'll make a few and then Mark can comment from a – you highlighted 
one those areas. Narrow networks and preferred networks were certainly one of the themes in 2013 but also people's 
ability to look at how do you engage members more effectively, again, in light of the movement towards more of a 
member-engaged model whether members are making more of the choices of which healthcare to choose but more 
importantly, for sure, members are making more of the payments on how healthcare is deployed. So those are really 
some of the big themes that we've focused on with our client base whether it's patient center medical home or some of 
the new payment models that are getting rolled out. 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: Yeah, Lisa, and this is Mark. I'll just finish on Jeff's comments. We did see more adoption of 
narrow network or, preferred network models is a better way to categorize them, this year than we've in the past. And 
I'm sure, I'm certain that was a byproduct of the dispute that happened in this past year and so I would expect in the 
new selling season that you're going to see a lot of dialog around preferred and narrow networks. There's cost savings 
there for employers who are willing to adopt it. 

<Q - Lisa C. Gill>: Okay. Is there any way for you to quantify that, Mark, as far as on a percentage basis, the 
percentage of your clients that have done a preferred network this year versus in the past? 


<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: Lisa, this is Jeff. I can give you some perspective about the RFPs. I'd say from an inbound, the 
majority of the new inbounds came in this year had narrow networks as one of the items that they wanted to have a 
quote on. From a selection perspective, certainly it did vary. I'd say it looked like around 10% to 15% of the decisions 
had preferred networks and narrow network from [ph] last year. (37:46) 

<Q - Lisa C. Gill>: Okay. Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to David MacDonald with SunTrust. 

<Q - David Samuel MacDonald>: Hey, guys. Good morning. Just a, first a quick question with regards to Catalyst 
specialty. Can you give us a sense of how you're doing there, potential to pick up some of that in terms of internalizing 
it? Or should we think about that being more of an opportunity that happens over time as you start to renew some of 
their customers? 

<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: David, this is Jeff. Catalyst had approximately $1 billion in specialty that was being fulfilled 
by other providers who are in the open network. So from a size perspective, that's basically on scale to the size of their 
business. Generally, specialty would represent, as you know, 12%, 15% of drug spend. What we've been working on, 
we've got a very specific plan around talking to the clients around specialty, those who had not yet been proposed to. 

There's been a pretty active campaign to educate the clients around it. Also, from a perspective of engaging some of the 
members specifically where there's open networks to ensure that we can bring some of those specialty patients into our 
distribution capability, we've already been underway on that. We've had a number of clients that moved to our 
exclusive specialty, but at one quarter in, it's still early days. It's certainly a big focus for us and one of the larger 
opportunities we're going to go after. 

<Q - David Samuel MacDonald>: Okay, and then just with regards to selling, you got one competitor who's got a big 
mail order presence, another who's owned by a retailer. How much juice are you guys getting out of positioning 
yourself as channel-agnostic, or are we over-reading that a little bit? 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: Dave, this is Mark, and I appreciate the question. It's actually the second half of George's 
question earlier that I did not get to, which is how we are we setting ourselves apart? And I do think that having a 
Switzerland approach here where we're really beginning with the clients' needs rather than our own P&L or our own 
distribution model as the going-in proposition, I think it is an important discriminator. We are pounding it in the selling 
process, because at the end of the day when you look at the economics of drug spend for these large employers, it's 
very important to be able to adapt your service delivery model to meet their needs, where their people live, what stores 
surround the service areas, that their people actually live in. 

And so you have to begin with the employer, their footprint and their actual needs and then work into what's the best 
delivery model to get prescriptions and healthcare into these people's hands. And so as we sell our clinical products as 
well as our network management options, mail order specialty, we begin with a blank slate, not pushing a mail order 
agenda or pushing a specific retail chain agenda. And I think for us now entering this new strata on the upper end, that 
will be an important discriminator, and it will be the reason we'll win some. 

<Q - David Samuel MacDonald>: Okay. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Robert Jones at Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Robert P. Jones>: Great. I actually only had one; most of mine have been answered. But, Mark, given the 
integration seems to be tracking well, I was wondering if you could maybe comment about how you're thinking about 
future M&A going forward. Is there a preference between specialty versus the traditional PBM deals that you've done 


in the past? Maybe just an update there would be helpful. 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: Sure, Robert. I'll offer some perspective there. So the first thing is the way we've constructed 
our balance sheet has left us in a pretty good place. We have really ample firepower to re-enter the M&A market as 
soon as we clear the deck and do the right job integrating Catalyst, which is job one. But in terms of our current thought 
process, we continue to be active in terms of looking at and considering targets, and nothing's changed on our thesis of 
acquiring clients that are currently operating on our platform as our sweet spot. That's the number one target for us. 

We also do like the specialty pharmacy space. Candidly, we've got a decent amount of pull-through to execute on and 
an awful lot of opportunity right in our backyard. And so if I were rating or ranking those opportunities, I'd actually put 
the PBM footprint a notch above specialty today. Both are highly attractive to us. But the fact of the matter is the heavy 
lifting in this integration activity, in the early part of this next year, we'll be through most of it. And we will be in a spot 
where we can begin to consider looking at targets that are highly accretive with low integration risk, kind of the 
same-same. And we still have over 30 clients that operate on our platform so we feel like the horizon target's pretty rich 
for us. 

<Q - Robert P. Jones>: Great. So it sounds like early 2013 you'd be in a position, then, to re-enter the M&A 
landscape? 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: We're active now continuing to consider our alternatives and, like I said, job one is 
completing the integration of Catalyst. 

<Q - Robert P. Jones>: Perfect. Thanks so much. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Glen Santangelo at Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Glen J. Santangelo>: Yeah. Thanks, and good morning. I just wanted to follow up. It sounds like the 
integration's kind of going very well and, Mark, from that integration you're left with three mail facilities. And I was 
wondering if you could comment on your mail volumes today, where you think those facilities are at relative to 
capacity and maybe what the opportunity is to maybe insource some of the mail claims that are currently being 
outsourced and the timeframe. And then as a follow-up to that, I guess I have a similar question on the specialty side. 
You spent a lot of effort this year branding your specialty pharmacy platform, and can you talk a little bit about the 
volume of business today versus maybe what's getting around you and maybe the opportunity to insource both that mail 
and specialty and drive your EBITDA per adjusted script higher? 

<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: Okay, Glen, this is Jeff. You're going to have to keep me honest to make sure I answer all 
those parts of your question. But with respect to mail and mail capacity, we've got our three footprints. They are all 
integrated onto one technology which allows us to see the ability to really optimize flow through the different facilities. 
From a capacity perspective, we still have the ability to more than double the capacity of our current delivery from 
home services. 

Our ability to look at bringing on or insourcing other services and support really is coming first and foremost from an 
economic decision. Secondly, our ability to look at the capacity that we have in this distribution model, to your point, 
not just from a mail order but from the specialty components is taking on the growth that is coming in from specialty. 

We've got a lot of distribution capabilities and capacity to take on this volume from the Catalyst acquisition. Our first 
and foremost, we want to make sure that we're filling up our existing footprints to get to the right level of capacity. 
When we look at a facility having 80% to 90% capacity is really the right spot to maximize the leverage of distribution. 
But specialty is a much more, as Mark outlined, more of a touch and clinical component that's attached to it. 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: Yeah, and, Glen, on the specialty front, I think it's important here to just spend a minute. So 
with BriovaRx, we are continuing to promote our hub-and-spoke model. We think it's important. It gives us great reach 
in the Medicaid states with reciprocity. It's very important to be able to dispense in these states. 


We continue to invest from a technology standpoint and now have the specialty operation running on a single operating 
platform. And as we bring on these prescriptions, these specialty prescriptions from the network into our model, we'll 
have no need to expand our footprint today in terms of capacity. We'll be able to bring that volume on, and so we will 
be seeing cost of service improvements as we do that. And so that's a little more color on our strategy there at specialty. 

<Q - Glen J. Santangelo>: I appreciate the color on the strategy. Can you give us any specifics in terms of maybe 
timeframe of when you think you can insource some of this mail and specialty and when we can start to see it have an 
impact on EBITDA per script? 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: Yeah, Glen, it's Mark. The way we're doing this is everybody who owns accounts, all our 
account-facing people and we had all 325 of them here last week for a three-day review. The mail order and specialty 
pull-through is a line item on their work plan. First thing you do is you outline what are the savings for your clients, 
and we've done that for all of our largest clients. And so we've got a discrete pull-through plan for both mail order and 
specialty on a client-by-client basis. 

The timeframe for these activities depend on making plan design changes. You can do it with specialty. If they're 
already locked out and we've got them in a network model, we can do that pretty immediately. So it varies, but I think 
you should expect over time – this isn't a into next quarter, 100%? It's not going to go down like that. This is going to 
take six, 12, 18 months to make these pull-through activities all happen. But they are a top priority for our entire 
client-facing organization primarily because it's going to save our client's money, and obviously it's going to be good 
for our P&L as well. Hopefully that helps. 

<Q - Glen J. Santangelo>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

And we'll move next to Brooks O'Neil at Dougherty & Co. 

<Q - Brooks Gregory O'Neil>: Good morning. Congratulations on a great quarter. I just have a couple quick 
questions. One is as I think about the environment out there in general, the state fee-for-service Medicaid situation 
looks to be full of opportunity for you. Obviously, you have the Indiana win. But could you just comment on what 
you're seeing from the states and what you view as the opportunity in that marketplace? 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: Sure, Brooks. Good morning. It's Mark. Almost every state in the United States is in the same 
spot as our State in Illinois here, although I'd argue we're maybe a little worse off and that is they're upside down 
financially looking first at these unfunded pension liabilities, and then Medicaid is typically the number one or two red 
item on the budget for every state. And so we've got an entire business unit dedicated to fee-for-service Medicaid 
calling directly on the Medicaid administrators in each of these states. 

And so our typical dialog with these states revolves around how do we maintain flat trend or take drug cost down 
directly? And we're using our tool set, including our enhanced COB and our specialty pharmacy offering, and these are 
two areas that are brand new to many of these states, to directly reduce their drug spend. And so it's a discussion that 
we – it's resonating with these guys because they're all upside-down financially. And keep in mind, we really only have 
today a couple of competitors on the fee-for-service Medicaid side. 

I also think that, from a system standpoint, each of these MMIS systems are different on a state-by-state basis and, keep 
in mind, we've been doing this now for a while and so the integration work with pharmacy into the MMIS is something 
that sets Catamaran apart relative to anybody else in the space. 

And then the last piece is the management of rebates in the fee-for-service Medicaid space is different. And there is a 
supplemental rebate model that needs to get wrapped around these indigent members. It's pretty esoteric and, in fact, it's 
very different than the commercial rebate model that exists in fully funded health plans and self-insured employers. 


And so there are number of attributes to the fee-for-service Medicaid savings model that we're very aggressive with. 
We continue to like that space a lot. 

<Q - Brooks Gregory O'Neil>: That's great. And then I just had one detail question. I was just curious, Jeff, given the 
timing of the close of the Catalyst deal, did you lose any days of revenue related to their business in July? I was 
thinking it might be one, two or three days? 

<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: It's a great question, Brooks. We did. We had two days, July 1 and July 2, which were over the 
weekend and a holiday. 

<Q - Brooks Gregory O'Neil>: Okay, great. Thank you very much and, again, congratulations. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to David Larsen of Leerink Swann. 

<Q - David M. Larsen>: Hi, guys. Congratulations on a great quarter. Just in terms of the synergies, I think you guys 
laid out five areas where you do expect to pull those synergies from. Can you maybe just highlight a couple where 
you've got some significant benefit in the quarter, this quarter? Thanks. 

<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: David, it's Jeff. I'll just spend a minute on the integration. I'll drive to your question. So we are 
in great shape. Really, the team is focused on the execution of the plan that was laid out pre-close and that included 
these number of different areas on the P&L including cost of goods, operating leverage. Really, the business is focused 
on customer support and leveraging the combined infrastructures effectively. As you know, with the majority of the 
claims on our platform, it really minimizes the integration work and the risks. 

From a cost-of-goods perspective, we're working on aligning the contracts including wholesalers, manufacturers, 
retailers and ensuring that we've got efficiencies as well as driving these generic utilizations and clinical programs that 
Mark was outlining. Some of these programs can really drive significant savings for clients and improve the margins of 
our business, and you can see that the adherence or patients and having the most cost-effective distribution, either home 
delivery or specialty, is really important from a savings and a member perspective. 

So we've been off to a great start. We've looked at the areas of cost of goods, and it's really an execution on each of 
these different line items. We've worked to renew our distribution agreements, and we're obviously been working on all 
the other components, whether it's retail in these retail chain as well as the operating infrastructure of our business 
focused principally on the administrative and support areas. We've left in place all the client-facing components of our 
business, whether it's clinical, account management, sales and operations pieces. So we've been off to a great start. 

<Q - David M. Larsen>: Okay. Great. It sounds like it's across the board. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

And we'll move next to Andrew Schenker at Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Andrew Schenker>: Good morning. You guys reported a nice increase in your GDR despite bringing Catalyst 
on, which has historically run at a GDR well below yours. I think it's about 400 basis points as of the first quarter. Was 
there anything behind the improvement able to bring Catalyst up to your historic levels? 

<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: Andrew, this is Jeff. We continue, as you know, we've got a high focus on driving generic 
utilization through our client base. We look at a low net cost from a formulary perspective. We're not necessarily 
focused on driving high rebates. We're focused on driving lowest net cost which will focus on generic utilization in the 
book of business. 


When we look at the generic trend on both the legacy Catalyst and our book of business, we'd see a very consistent 
increase in the quarter for both of them. So it's been very good. There's good clinical programs that we've laid out that 
were engaged prior to the close that were starting to getting effect right after the close to drive these higher amounts of 
generic utilization. So there's no significant delta between the two books of business. You're going to see that narrow as 
we get a little bit further through the integration process. 

<Q - Andrew Schenker>: Okay, great, and then talking about healthcare IT, bringing the ACO – the old Walgreens' 
ASO clients over, were those running on WHI's old system and have you now moved them over to your system? 

<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: Yeah, some of that business was running on the WHI platform. That WHI platform is still in 
place. It's supporting some clients. It's one of the areas that we're looking at from an integration perspective. Those 
ASO claims are still sitting on that platform. 

<Q - Andrew Schenker>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Michael Cherny at ISI Group. 

<Q - Michael A. Cherny>: Hi. Good morning, guys. 

<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: Good morning, Michael. 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: Good morning. 

<Q - Michael A. Cherny>: So, Jeff, just a quick question. I know you typically give an update on this. In terms of 
conversions of HCIT clients to PBM, were there any in the quarter or your lack of discussion means there were none? 

<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: Yeah, Michael. We've got a continued focus on driving the integration process but, also, the 
conversion process. We've got a number of these technology clients. There were none in the quarter, but we have a 
number of these technology clients that we brought on from HealthTrans as well, and we've been very focused on 
converting those accounts. So we expect to see more into the future just we didn't have any this quarter. 

<Q - Michael A. Cherny>: No, perfect. Just a quick housekeeping on that front. And then, Mark, as you go through 
your conversations, you said you met with lot of Catalyst legacy largest customers. Is there anything they're telling you 
from a services perspective in regards to stuff that you did that Catalyst didn't that they really want to target or anything 
that they want to make sure within the Catalyst portfolio that you really keep or anything, even potentially, to add in 
terms of bulking up your offering for them? Any feedback on that front in terms of what could potentially drive 
incremental investments or what they like best about you that Catalyst didn't have would be great. 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: Yeah, Michael, I appreciate that question and the last 90 days have been actually kind of a 
whirlwind. It's been a combination of meeting with, I'd say about 10 of the largest Catalyst clients myself and, as I did 
it, I visited our offices in each of these locations as well. And there are some very specific things I'm hearing. 

First, when we did this deal, we talked about having acquired one of the industry's best go-to market and service 
organizations and that's what I'm hearing. I mean, these clients liked the business relationship and the service levels 
with Catalyst. A lot of it revolved around the market model which we call centers of excellence. The COE model of 
deploying talent inside a client location is a very sticky business model and, it turns out, drives not just great business 
relationships but great, great financial results for these clients. 

So I sent an organization-wide note around recounting specifically what I'm hearing from these customers, and the 
bottom line is it's been resoundingly positive. Now the clients are very excited about a couple of important new things 
that the legacy SXC team is bringing to the table that the Catalyst organization lacked and one of them is specialty 
pharmacy. This is an area where we're talking to each of them about improving their cost position and improving the 
service level to their member. That's one thing that Catalyst lacked that we're bringing. 


And the second is a new set of tools and technology, many of which we kept here at SXC and that we're now releasing 
into the Catalyst book of business. And so we're talking about keeping these clients for life. I mean, we have it as a 
mantra inside this business. It's very real, and we engage the senior leadership team directly in the hand-to-hand combat 
of taking care of clients. And so that's been a good drill for the last 90 days, and I've been very encouraged with what 
I've been hearing from them. 

<Q - Michael A. Cherny>: Great. Thanks for the color, and congrats on nice quarter. 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. At this time, we'll turn the conference back over to Mr. 
Thierer for any closing remarks. 

Mark A. Thierer 

Okay, operator. Well, thank you, all, for your continued support and, for many of you, we're very much looking 
forward to seeing you in a couple of weeks in New York City at our Annual Investor Day. Thanks, and have a good 
day. 

Operator 

And that does conclude today's conference. Again, thank you for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2012, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


