Q2 2012 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Mark A. Thierer 
• Jeffrey G. Park 
Other Participants 

• David Samuel MacDonald 
• Larry C. Marsh 
• George R. Hill 
• Glen J. Santangelo 
• Lisa C. Gill 
• Brooks Gregory O'Neil 
• Robert M. Willoughby 
• Amanda Murphy 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Catamaran Corporation's 2012 
Second Quarter Results Conference Call. Catamaran issued an earnings press release this morning, which has been 
filed with the SEC and is available on the Investor Information section of Catamaran's website at catamaranrx.com. 
Listeners are reminded that portions of today's discussions contain forward-looking statements that reflect current 
views with respect to future events, such as Catamaran's outlook for future performance, revenue and earnings growth, 
and various other aspects of its business. Any such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that 
could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in the forward looking statements. Please refer to the 
cautionary language in the earnings release and in Catamaran's filings with the SEC, as well as Catamaran's most recent 
annual report on Form 10-K. 

During the call, there will also be a discussion of some items that do not conform to Generally Accepted Accounting 
Principles, including adjusted EPS and EBITDA. Catamaran has reconciled these items to the most-comparable GAAP 
measures in today's earnings release. 

I would like to remind everyone that this call is being recorded on Wednesday, August 01, 2012, at 8:30 a.m. Eastern 
Daylight Time. A replay of today's call will be available on Catamaran's website approximately one hour after the 
conclusion of this call. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Thierer, Chairman and Chief Executive 
Officer. Please go ahead, sir. 

Mark A. Thierer 

Thank you and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today for our second quarter earnings call and 
our first earnings call as Catamaran. Our strong start to the year that we reported on our first quarter call continued in 
the second quarter as we posted record results across the board. For the second quarter of 2012, Catamaran delivered 
$1.7 billion in revenue and a record $58.6 million in EBITDA. We are in the midst of a very strong selling season and 


we're receiving more attention from our clients and prospects, thanks in part to the announcement of our merger with 
Catalyst and the rebranding of the combined company as Catamaran. 

The new business pipeline is robust, and with the completed merger, we have even more talent and resources to help us 
win in this market. I cannot emphasize enough the importance of the merger and the subsequent creation of Catamaran. 
Catamaran reflects the union of two of the industry's fastest-growing PBMs, SXC Health Solutions and Catalyst Health 
Solutions, now moving together as a single organization with a clear goal to deliver a better alternative to the 
one-size-fits-all approach of the traditional players in the market. This attitude is what inspired our new name. The 
Catamaran design literally revolutionized sailing. The name Catamaran mirrors our nimble, flexible approach to 
providing clients with the solutions they need to navigate today's turbulent healthcare environment. Each client is 
different. Each client deserves a strategy unique to them. And when they win, we win. 

Now I'd like to spend a few minutes reflecting on the closing of the merger and what it means to us as an organization 
and to our industry in general. With this merger we now have the resources to serve any organization of any size and 
our technology platform is the foundation that enables us to do it better. We have the purchasing power on par with the 
largest industry players and we are eager to put our deeper resources to work for the nation's largest employers, largest 
health plans and other healthcare payers. 

Catamaran is now the fourth-largest PBM and among the top 250 companies in revenue in the United States, serving 
approximately 25 million members and more than 200 million annual prescriptions. With the deal now complete, it is 
time for us to continue doing what we do best; leverage our skill and scale to effectively manage costs, improve health 
outcomes and provide a strong return on investment. 

One of our proven core competencies is our ability to source, finance, close and integrate companies. Over the past six 
years, we have completed six deals and have seamlessly integrated each company. The Catalyst integration is no 
different. Since the announcement of the deal, our teams have been working full-time to build a comprehensive 
integration plan, and I'm pleased to inform you that that plan is totally complete. Effective July 2, the day our merger 
closed, we were done with planning and 100% focused on growth and synergy attainment. This is a truly 
transformative acquisition for us. In addition to continuing to penetrate the middle market, we are staking a claim to 
new ground in this industry and taking our business model upstream to the key decision-makers of the largest 
employers and largest health plans in this industry. 

We have targeted the top consultants in the industry and are meeting with all of them to share our new model and to 
outline the value we bring as the new alternative for larger employers. The reception we are receiving has been very 
encouraging. These buyers are in fact looking for a scaled alternative and we fully expect to see wins this selling 
season. 

As we look at our second quarter, our sales pipeline continues to be robust across all segments. The quantity of our 
leads is two to three times what it has been in the past, and the average client size has increased substantially. With the 
recent disruptive events in the market, clients' willingness to move is high. You can see the proof in our results. This 
selling season has been our single most successful season ever. We are pleased to report that we have won over $1.9 
billion in new business to-date on a combined basis for this 2012 selling season. 

In terms of recent new sales wins, I'm pleased to announce this morning that we signed an agreement with BlueCross 
BlueShield of Arizona. This is a five-year contract effective 1/1/2013 and has an estimated $350 million in annual drug 
spend. We've enjoyed a 14-year HCIT relationship with BlueCross BlueShield of Arizona, and now that's been 
expanded to a full-service comprehensive set of PBM services. 

BlueCross BlueShield of Arizona is an outstanding example of our ability to grow our HCIT relationships as we 
demonstrate the value we can deliver to them as a full-service PBM. Look for us to continue gaining market share in 
the health plan space powered by a very strong Medicare Part D product suite and service offering. 

Our conversion rate of RFPs to wins is at an all-time high. And while we will not announce every new win, we will 
continue to gain momentum in all markets, most notably in the mid-size to larger employer space. As we look at the 
mix of new client prospects, we continue to target large health plans, but expect the actual number of employer wins 


will outpace the number of health plan wins. We remain very active in the Fee-for-Service Medicaid space and are 
actively working near-term opportunities. 

As I said, our pipeline is full and conversions are continuing. Typically, when a company announces a merger, you 
might expect a lukewarm selling season, but that is not the case here. Catalyst has been a client of ours for 10 years, 
which means we know each other very well and have a great chemistry. Our long-term relationship and similar 
company cultures, combined with our claim platform synergies translates into low integration risk for clients, and this 
is important. SXC and Catalyst are more like each other than anyone else in this industry. It's interesting to note, 
however, that there's very little overlap in terms of sales prospects, so the combined opportunity is enormous. The 
feedback that we are hearing from clients, prospects and consultants alike is a great sense of excitement and 
anticipation that this merger will yield significant benefits to the marketplace. 

As we look to the continuation of our selling season, we are pleased to have retained virtually all of the 
customer-facing people from both our legacy organizations. Clients will enjoy many enhancements, including 
additional tools, technology and service capabilities, as well as a more sophisticated set of Medicare Part D options, 
clients' analytics and reporting. 

In the wake of the Catalyst merger, we accelerated our integration of HealthTrans and I'm pleased to share that we are 
well ahead of schedule and now virtually complete. This includes the application platform conversion and all 
consolidation efforts. 

In looking ahead to additional acquisitions, Catamaran has emerged as one of the few strategic exists for PBMs in the 
middle market. And the way we financed the Catalyst deal through strong balance sheet construction and reduction of 
debt through a secondary equity offering, this will allow us to be effective and active in the marketplace where and 
when it makes sense. Keep in mind that our first priory is getting the Catalyst integration right. 

As we look at the recent headlines in the healthcare industry in general, there has been a lot of attention paid to the 
Supreme Court ruling on the Affordable Care Act. In particular, we're enthusiastic about the emerging opportunities for 
improving access, affordability, service delivery, as well as savings and innovation. We've invested heavily in our tools 
and technology and are ready now to take advantage of these opportunities. Our diverse portfolio of products will meet 
the unique needs of the newly-eligible and diverse consumers, who will increasingly select their health and pharmacy 
benefits through state, federal and private health insurance exchanges. 

There's also been some discussion recently about Walgreens' renewed contract with Express Scripts, which is 
ultimately a positive development for PBMs and clients. Catamaran possesses an industry-leading retail network 
offering and remains dedicated to offering a complete network to our clients or a narrow network based on the client 
specifications if desired, including custom-tailored solutions to meet each unique client's needs. 

Now before I turn the call over to Jeff, I'd like to recognize two exceptional leaders that we've added to the Catamaran 
Board of Directors. I'm pleased to announce that Harry Kraemer and Steven Epstein have joined the Catamaran Board. 
Harry, someone I've known for a long time, is the former Chairman and CEO of Baxter. And Steven comes to us from 
the Catalyst Board. Both Harry and Steven have extensive healthcare and corporate governance experience and will be 
a tremendous asset to the company. 

In summary, it's an exciting time in our industry and a very exciting time for Catamaran. We've had an outstanding first 
half to the year and looking ahead to a strong 2013. We've already posted a record selling season for new business and 
finalists are coming up as we speak for additional pieces of new business. Our pipeline is robust, our integration is in 
full-swing, and we have the best team in the business to lead us into the future. 

And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jeff. 

Jeffrey G. Park 


Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Q2 was a very strong quarter with year-over-year growth in all key 
metrics, driven by new business and synergies achieved. We converted two additional HCIT clients to full PBM 
services, and subsequent to the end of the quarter, we closed our merger with Catalyst Health Solutions. 

Let me take you through the results for the second quarter and then I'll spend a few minutes summarizing our updated 
2012 guidance, taking into account the financial impact from our combination with Catalyst. 

For Q2, revenues for SXC were $1.7 billion, compared to $1.2 billion in Q2 2011, an increase over 40% on a 
year-over-year basis. The PBM segment revenue grew 40% while the HCIT segment revenue grew 43% on a 
year-over-year basis. Adjusted prescription claims volume for the PBM was $33.2 million in Q2. Relatively consistent 
with Q1, however, these volumes will ramp with new business in the second half, as well as taking into account the 
volumes from Catalyst. 

The company's gross profit increased by 11% to $122.5 million compared to Q1 2012. Gross margin for the PBM 
segment increased to 5.8% compared to 5.4% in Q1 2012. This helped drive our growth profit per RX to $2.91 in the 
PBM segment. This per script profit growth highlights our ability to pull through new savings in clinical programs, 
demonstrating our customer value proposition, as well as our selling strategy, which is listening to customers, 
customizing a solution that fits their needs and pulling more of our services through as our relationships mature. 

For the HCIT segment, gross margin increased to 62% compared to 54% in Q1 2012. This is due to license sales and 
growth in the quarter. We're very pleased with our margin performance in both segments, and on a sequential – on both 
a sequential and a year-over-year basis. We continue to deliver strong EBITDA results, achieving $58.6 million in the 
quarter, our highest performance in the company's history. It represents 50% growth on a year-over-year basis, and we 
are especially pleased that we generated $86 million in cash from operations for the first half of the year. 

SG&A expenses in the quarter increased by $7.6 million on a sequential basis. This increase principally relates to 
transaction costs we incurred related to the Catalyst merger of approximately $6.5 million. Because these costs were 
not deductable for tax purposes, our transaction cost and associated tax rate in the quarter resulted in a $0.09 per share 
EPS impact. The lack of deductibility of these costs and other transaction-related tax impacts will provide quarterly tax 
volatility in 2012. However, we expect 2012 to have a tax rate of 38% to 40%, which is $0.09 to $0.12 EPS impact for 
2012 before it returns to 35% to 36% in 2013. 

With that, I'd like to turn our attention to the Catalyst merger and its impact on our 2012 financial performance. This is 
a very exciting transaction for both our organizations and shareholders. Our earnings release this morning included our 
updated 2012 guidance, and we are guiding to revenue of $9.9 billion to $10 billion, EBITDA of $353 million to $358 
million, GAAP EPS of $1.24 to $1.27, and adjusted EPS of $2.14 to $2.17. 

As we've said previously, transactions costs, integration costs to achieve these synergies will not be excluded from our 
financial results, so these will negatively impact GAAP and adjusted EPS results. We expect an additional $20 million 
in transaction costs in the third quarter of 2012. Our increased scale and operating leverage will help us generate an 
estimated $125 million in annualized synergies to be achieved over 18-month to 24-month integration timeframe. We 
continue to expect 20% to 25% of the $125 million in synergies to be realized in 2012 and 80% to 90% of the $125 
million to be realized in the first 18 months post-close. We will update you on the costs to achieve these synergies and 
provide an update on our progress on our Q3 call. We expect to incur additional interest expense in the second half 
from the new credit facility we put in place for the Catalyst transaction. Due to our recent secondary equity offering, 
the amount drawn on our credit facility is smaller than originally discussed. We have drawn $1.4 billion of our $1.8 
billion credit facility, resulting in anticipated interest expense of $55 million to $58 million over the next 12 months 
post-close. 

We issued approximately $6 million in additional shares in the secondary equity offering that we completed midway 
through the second quarter, and then we added 33.4 million shares upon the Catalyst transaction that closed on July 2. 
As such, we expect approximately 103 million shares outstanding in the second half, and a weighted average of 84 
million shares outstanding for the full-year 2012. 


We'll continue our practice of adjusting net income and EPS only for deal-related amortization, which we expect to be 
roughly $180 million over the first 12 months post-close versus our prior estimate of $200 million. 2012 is a 
transformational year for us. We continue to be very strong in the middle market and we like our prospects for moving 
into the larger employer market. Catamaran has posted a strong start in new business sales for 2013 and we expect 
more to come. 

The market is primed for change and Catamaran is poised to take advantage of many opportunities these changes 
present. Payers are looking for an alternative to the traditional PBM model and we expect to capitalize on this in the 
marketplace. 

I want to thank you for your continued support and I will now turn the call back over to Mark. 

Mark A. Thierer 

Okay. Thanks, Jeff. We're in a great place as an organization. Catamaran has emerged as a truly skilled alternative to 
the status quo in our industry. As Catamaran, we are in an extraordinary position to benefit from and capitalize on the 
multitude of opportunities in today's PBM marketplace. As I tell our team here, it's going to be a very exciting ride. 

Operator, I'd like to open the line for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, the question-and-answer session is conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions] 
We'll go first to David MacDonald with SunTrust. 

<Q - David Samuel MacDonald>: Good morning, guys. Hey, Mark, can you just hit back on I think you mentioned 
that you guys do expect actually to pick off a large group employer, one or two. Did I hear that accurately? And was 
wondering if you could just kind of get a little bit deeper into the receptivity to the message with large group employers 
as you're talking to some of the consultants and some of these clients. 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: Yeah, Dave. Thanks for the question. So we put a very detailed go-to-market plan together on 
the high end and it started with targeting the top 20 high-end consultants who engage with the Fortune 100 employers. 
That's the first place we've started. The second place is direct calling on leaders of HR, as well as CFOs of these large 
employers. And we're talking about a new model where we parachute in with our flexible technology combined with 
the Catalyst service model. And so the receptivity has been high, and yes, you heard me right, we're in front of a 
number of opportunities. We feel very good about the dialogue and it's my expectation we could be posting a win. 

<Q - David Samuel MacDonald>: Okay. And then, Mark, just on the – you talked about two to three times the 
amount of RFP activity but that client size has increased substantially. Can you give us any sense of how many times in 
terms of revenues the pipeline looks like relative to where it was? 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: Dave, I'd rather not put a quantum around the total size of the pipeline. Candidly, it's across 
every segment from health plans to employers to TPAs to workers' comp, Fee-for-Service Medicaid. There isn't a 
segment where we don't see just really ample opportunity for us. So both in terms of revenue opportunity and margin 
opportunity, and we do look at both, we see just really a lot in front of us. We like our chances. 

<Q - David Samuel MacDonald>: And then I realize that Catalyst is clearly the near-term priority in terms of 
integration, but is there an increased concern around some of the smaller remaining properties that are out there that 
there are fewer exits? And can you give us a sense of how much of an increase you guys are seeing in terms of 
incoming phone calls with folks looking to talk about strategic things perhaps? 


<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: David, this is Jeff. From an opportunity in the middle market, as well as some strategic 
opportunities, really it's been very busy. There's a lot of interested parties; certainly the consolidation between Express 
Scripts and Medco and Catalyst and ourselves has generated a lot of interest. We really think we're in a great position. 
One of the reasons we've structured the balance sheet is to give us the flexibility in the future. Like you started with, 
we're focused on integration of the Catalyst asset, but really feel good about it. Our ability to identify, source and 
integrate has been a key strength for our business and we're looking to continue that once we get through the Catalyst 
integration. 

<Q - David Samuel MacDonald>: Okay. And then, Jeff, just one last question. When we think about cash flows for 
the combined company, is there anything from a working capital standpoint that we should think about that may be a 
little bit funky over the back half of the year? 

<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: No, I wouldn't say that, David. We've got a relatively consistent working cash flow, Catalyst 
had as well. We've been evaluating the capital requirements of the two combined businesses. And so probably a little 
more to follow on that. But I'd say nothing funky. 

<Q - David Samuel MacDonald>: Okay. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Larry Marsh with Barclays. 

<Q - Larry C. Marsh>: Thanks. Good morning, Mark and Jeff, and congratulations again on the combination and on 
the new name. My question really is on – just follow with Dave's question on selling season. I know you don't want to 
be too specific, but now with Rhode Island, Arizona, Regence, I feel like that's about $1.4 billion. You talked about 
$1.9 billion for 2013. So that suggests about $0.5 billion in addition to that. My numbers may be off, but just 
directionally, is that right? And if that's right, is most of the additional wins in the corporate space? Or is there 
something else we've – we're missing? 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: Larry, it's Mark. 

<Q - Larry C. Marsh>: Hey, Mark. 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: You're in the ZIP code in terms of how you framed it, and the bulk of our wins in what you 
framed as the delta there have been in the middle market, the employer space, workers' compensation space, the other 
segments in which we compete. And I just want to point out, it's $1.9 billion of new business already posted, which is 
just short of double what we've ever done before. And we've got a couple really solid months of the selling season in 
front of us. And so I have to tell you, we are feeling very good about the combined horsepower in our selling 
organization. 

<Q - Larry C. Marsh>: Right. And I guess you mentioned your robust Medicare Part D service offering, and 
obviously a lot of success in the health plan market. Can you remind us of any update, if there is any, in your 
relationship with HealthSpring, knowing that doesn't expire until the end of 2013 before you get into option years and 
perhaps that conversation now is part of a broader Cigna relationship? 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: Sure, Larry. I'll comment briefly on Cigna, and as you know, the HealthSpring-Bravo 
relationship has been long standing. We went live with Bravo earlier this year and it's gone very well. We have a strong 
services and financial model in place and it's helping them be successful. And obviously, we're engaged with their 
leadership team on helping them executing their strategy of Go Deep, Go Individual. And so I'll just say that I think 
we're well-positioned to help them solve some of their most important problems, and importantly realize operating 
leverage, which is obviously a goal. We know the leadership team, have great respect for them and we feel good about 
that business relationship. 

Now, I do want to say though you made the point initially about Medicare Part D. I actually think we have a 
market-leading Medicare Part D set of capabilities. We've added over 75 new talented people who have skills in that 


area through the Catalyst acquisition. And when I categorize our product line, I think it's the broadest and most 
complete in the industry. And if you look at our installed base and our footprint in health plans, there are some very 
substantial health plans that we now have in our book of business, and our footprint in the Blues with Regence, 
Wellmark, Rhode Island, Arizona, IBC; the list goes on, is a really substantial footprint. And so from a health plan 
standpoint, Catamaran is very competitive. 

<Q - Larry C. Marsh>: Okay. Very good, thanks. And the second question I have is really I guess around the quarter 
and the implicit guidance. Jeff, I know you talked about tax rate a little bit higher than the norm for the rest of this year. 
That's about a $0.10 headwind just for 2012. You've talked about transaction costs that are – plus this quarter may be 
$26 million. You'll get some of that offset by synergies and I guess some near-term dilution from the offering. If you 
sort of back all that out, it seems – is the message really on a standalone basis sort of combined the guidance is at or 
above where you would have been otherwise? Or you really don't necessarily want to talk about it in that regard? 

<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: No, thanks for the question, Larry. I think you got the moving parts properly outlined. When 
you look at the base business, we've really posted some good momentum, not only in our selling activities as we head 
through the second half of the year, but also in the synergies that we've been able to achieve on our acquisitions, 
HealthTrans, PTRX; we have been very pleased with our base business growth. 

As you look into the second half of the year, as you outlined, there's a number of pieces with the Catalyst acquisition 
coming in, the cost to integrate and transaction expenses. We've got with our debt issue, we've been successful at 
reducing the interest expense that we initially had outlined with our deal amortization. We've been successful at 
reducing our estimate of what the deal amortization is since we initially outlined. So we're feeling very bullish about 
where we position today. 

<Q - Larry C. Marsh>: And then just a quick follow-up and then I'll get off. Then if you look at the second quarter 
specifically, I know there is some sequential decline in both prescriptions and in transaction volumes though the 
revenues in IT were very good. Is there anything unusual about the quarter? Or is the message here with the transaction 
there was a bit of an unusual result? 

<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: Well, the PBM revenues do have seasonality. As you know, Q4, Q1 are really the high points 
for medication consumption. We have good growth in our specialty operation. One of the medications that we 
prescribe, Synergist, really wraps up in the March timeframe. So the other thing I think to keep in mind is if you look at 
the increase in the generic dispense rate, moved up to 81% in the quarter, which also continues to show that we're 
focused on ensuring patients take the lowest-cost prescription to help reduce their drug trends. So there's really nothing 
in there that is unique to us. 

<Q - Larry C. Marsh>: Okay. All right, very good. Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from George Hill with Citi. 

<Q - George R. Hill>: Yeah. Thanks and good morning, guys. I might scramble a little bit. I think Dave and Larry hit 
most of the things that I wanted to touch on. Mark, maybe from a big-picture perspective, with the ESI-WAG deal now 
behind them, you're talking about Catamaran's transparent model being in demand in the market. However, we're 
starting to see – we feel like from our end we're seeing churn decelerate as we go through the year. I guess what gives 
you confidence that you'll have more success in the back half of 2012 and in 2013 versus people looking to go with the 
same old model? 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: Well, George, what gives me confidence is we've already posted $1.9 billion and we've got 
pretty good visibility into the second half. And we're very close to the flame on the dialog with clients who are 
evaluating making changes. And so when a $500 million or $700 million account changes hands, it's material to us. It 
may not be to somebody else, but it is for sure material to us. And so I think when you talk about the dispute resolution 
and our competitors, I think this was expected. I do believe that the dispute relative to the network itself created some 


important byproducts, and the first was it did force clients, many of which who were not happy, to evaluate alternatives 

– alternative PBMs. And secondly, it did open up dialog around restricted networks. 
And so for us, we do enjoy market-leading network product line, and the contracts we have in place with chains, food, 
mass merchandisers and independents are market-leading. We've got a good relationship with Walgreens and have for a 
long time, and so our model overall sets up very well. It is channel-neutral and makes us a very attractive trading 
partner with the retail network, which keep in mind, 8 out of 10 prescriptions still get filled at a store. So we have a 
somewhat lower dependency here on mail order, and the fact of the matter is we've got great business relationship with 
our retail network trading partners. And so I think overall, the dispute itself served to help put us on the map as a scaled 
alternative to a traditional mail order-driven model, and that is the argument we're making as we move up market to the 
largest clients. 

<Q - George R. Hill>: Yeah. That's great color, Mark. Thanks. And then maybe just one more; as we think about 
M&A, am I thinking about the environment right that you guys will likely see better valuations on assets going 
forward, as opposed to more competitive just because there's fewer buyers now? 

<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: George, this is Jeff. I think that's exactly right. When you look at the marketplace, it's certainly 
consolidated. It puts us in a great position to be able to be more confident with our timing, as well as pricing. We think 
we've got a great setup from an M&A spot. 

<Q - George R. Hill>: Okay. Thanks. And I'll end with the last one and I'll drop off. Just an update on the HCIT to 
PBM conversion pipeline, maybe what we should look forward to over the next 12 months to 18 months? 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: We've been very successful at converting these clients to-date. In the first quarter, we 
announced one more conversion. In the second quarter, we've announced two. We've been fortunate to be able to post 
one or two per quarter. We have a very robust opportunity, not only with our existing client base, but also with the 
acquisition of HealthTrans, which brought with it a new set of technology clients for us to have more communications 
around expanding the PBM offering into a deeper base. So it's certainly a good area for us, and you can see even with 
these conversions, we're able to grow our HCIT book of business. It's a core piece of our story. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Glen Santangelo with Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Glen J. Santangelo>: Yeah, thanks and good morning, guys. Just a couple of quick questions. I realize, Jeff and 
Mark, you guys don't what to comment at all on 2013 at this point. But I just wanted a few points of clarification. Jeff, 
you suggested that the tax rate next year should be back in that 35% to 36% range for the full year, is that correct? 

<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: Yes. 

<Q - Glen J. Santangelo>: And then as far as transaction integration expenses, they should be zero in 2013, is that 
right? 

<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: Transaction deal costs will be zero in 2013. We will have some costs to integrate and some of 
the synergy – the cost to achieve synergies in the second part of the year, so 2013 should still see some costs to achieve 
those synergies, Glen. 

<Q - Glen J. Santangelo>: But you don't have any rough idea how big that is, do you? 

<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: Not – we're not giving out any 2013 at this time, but the 2012 has got the pieces that we've got 
estimated in there right now and it shouldn't be significant in 2013. 

<Q - Glen J. Santangelo>: And then lastly, the $125 million in synergies that you laid out previously, you still feel 
comfortable with that number? And do you think you can achieve that run rate by the end of 2013? 


<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: Absolutely. That's why we've outlined – in the prepared remarks, I talked about $125 million, 
of which we expect to see 20% to 25% of it achieved in 2012, and then by the 18-month period, 18-month post-close, 
which would get you to the end of 2013, we'd have 80% to 90% of that on the books. 

<Q - Glen J. Santangelo>: Okay. And then Mark, with respect to the acquisition landscape, I get it that you did 
another couple of IT conversions this quarter. You were sort of implying that maybe you think Catamaran would be 
prepared to do acquisitions over the near-term. Or do you think given where you are with the Catalyst integration that 
you'll be out of the market for a little while? 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: Yeah, Glen, I think the – one of the things that sets us apart from an investment thesis is this 
roll-up position that we have in the middle market. And so it's actually easier for us to acquire a client that's running on 
our platform than to start a new large-scale health plan is an example. And you know the operating leverage that comes 
from these acquisitions, and so our priorities are pretty clear. We're going to get the Catalyst acquisition right. But 
there's just no reason at all why we can't be in the market in the near-term with acquisitions that have low integration 
risk. That's one of the benefits of this business model, and Catalyst is a great example of it. The bulk of their business is 
running two floors below us here in our data center, and so our integration risk and what that means to clients is low. 
This is why we have an expectation of 99% client retention. And so in terms of targets, if we go out to the market and 
acquire a target on our platform, integration risk is very low. So that's kind of a high-level thought process about how 
we look at where and when we'll get back into it. 

<Q - Glen J. Santangelo>: Okay. Mark, if I can just ask you one last question, then I'll jump off, my question was 
around the 2Q earnings results. I mean essentially with all the new business wins and the transaction, it's kind of hard to 
parse out all the moving pieces. Could you just give me your sense of how you think things are trending on an organic 
basis? And I'm predominantly or primarily asking about the margins within the PBM business and what you're seeing 
with respect from an EBITDA per adjusted script on an organic basis. And any comments on the IT margins this 
quarter and the sustainability of that would be helpful. Thanks. 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: All right, Glen. Well, I'll answer the overall financial health of the business and Jeff can add 
some color. But I think the best marker is taking a look at – this is a cash-generation business. Take a look at EBITDA, 
EBITDA run rate, and take a look at cash flow, and then take a look at the post-sales, new business organic sales at 
$1.9 billion with run room yet for the rest of this year. And so the overall financial health, the operating, the 
underpinnings in this company, are hitting on all cylinders and we are feeling very good with pretty good visibility into 
what that business is going to generate over the coming quarters and into 2013. So obviously we've got some moving 
parts, and anytime you have a large-scale transaction, you're going to have tax rate issues, you're going to have 
transaction costs and all the rest that Jeff outlined. And so there's no arguing that we've got some of that to contend 
with. But in terms of the underpinnings of this business, very strong operating results. 

<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: Glen, this is Jeff. Just with respect to the base operations, when you look at the gross profit for 
the PBM on a sequential basis, you're going to see, as I outlined, good growth. So the margin expands through the 
piece; just like you experienced with us last year, you could see the margin expand through the year as we bring on new 
business and pull-through on our accounts. So we're off to a great start and the core business looks the same. When you 
look at the HCIT business I outlined, we did have a – we had some health in the quarter, roughly $4 million in increase 
in the HCIT. You've seen that also in the past. It comes from license sales; it can come from achievement of our targets 
with our clients. This helps us expand our gross margin on the HCIT basis much higher than it normally would be. But 
good growth in the HCIT segment. The conversions of these accounts that we bring over help us expand our margins 
with the clients and help us integrate even deeper into the service offerings we can provide. So we really have great 
fundaments of our core business, and then as Mark outlined, our ability to sell new accounts have been outstanding for 
this year. 

<Q - Glen J. Santangelo>: Thank you. 

<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: Yeah. 


Operator 

We'll take our next question from Lisa Gill with JPMorgan. 

<Q - Lisa C. Gill>: Thanks very much. Mark, I just had a question around narrow networks. So you said that the 
ESI-Walgreens dispute opened up those conversations. Were you able to sign any narrow networks? And maybe talk 
about what are you seeing, especially in the middle market area, as you move into that selling season in the back half of 
the year? Are you seeing that those clients are interested in talking about narrow networks? 

<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: Lisa, this is Jeff. If I could take a swing at your answer and then Mark can. Our job is to align 
to the clients' objectives. I think that's probably one of the most important pieces. So we have seen some health plans 
and employers look for lowest net cost, and that can mean restricted networks can be effective to help them get to that. 
Not all health plans or employers are looking for the restricted network offerings; some are competing in other markets 
with competitors that need to have broad networks or want to be able to provide a broad network for their employees. 
But definitely the discussion around restricted networks has been one that's covered through most of the RFPs this 
season. 

And the important part is which networks are restricted are really dependent on the membership and the geography that 
these accounts are in. We have restricted networks that are focused on each of the major retail chains. We have 
restricted networks that are focused on independent chains. We have restricted networks that are focused on the grocery 
store change. Each of them can serve the clients effectively in their unique markets and there's more than just having 
restricted retail networks that are important. You need to have a full product line that includes specialty pharmacies, a 
hospice network, long-term care network, 340B, and we have a full product line of those as well. So I guess a 
long-winded way to say one size doesn't fit all of the market and our job is to find the fit for the clients. 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: Yeah, Lisa, and I'll just finish with you had asked about the appetite in the middle market. I'd 
say in general, it's pretty low, and the sophistication level in the middle market of parsing the network and going 
through the gymnastics of evaluating a restricted network based on geography, you see less of it in the middle market. 
You see more of it when it's a consultant-driven dialog on the higher end, and that's where, in fact, we are seeing some 
discussions and have, in fact, sold some narrow network solutions. But I'd say right now, I've not seen wide-scale 
adoption of narrow networks out there. 

<Q - Lisa C. Gill>: So with the Express and Walgreens resolution, do you think that hurts your chances at all in the 
middle market going into the back half of the year? Did you think that there was going to be some opportunity because 
of that that dislocation first off? And then secondly, just a clarification. When you talk about the $1.9 billion that you've 
won, is that a gross number or a net number? Thank you. 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: Oh, with respect to the $1.9 billion in new business, it's gross wins. We've got – really been 
very solid with respect to our retentions through the year. Catalyst had their State of Maryland business come off into 
the second half, but we've really had good client retention. The first question that you had was, Lisa? 

<Q - Lisa C. Gill>: No, I was just asking when you think about your expectations in the back half of the year about 
that middle market business, that... 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: Right. 

<Q - Lisa C. Gill>: Do you have expectations that the dislocation was going to create some increased opportunity? 
And do you still feel as confident about those opportunities in the back half now that there's been a settlement? 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: When you look at the middle market pipeline, and we've had a number of reviews here with 
the combined pipeline, we actually don't see the big guys in the middle market that much. I mean obviously it's been 
our bread and butter for years; Catalyst was a strong player in the middle market. They did move up market from 
time-to-time successfully. But we've become a market leader in the middle market. And in terms of the broker 
relationships and the way you win in the middle market, we've got a very nice footprint. 


And so we were winning on price and service in the middle market and have – it's in our results. You can see it. So we 
don't see a lot of them there. And instead, here our strategy is actually to move up market into their backyard, into their 
primary client base. And so, no, I don't think the resolution of the Walgreens dispute, which was expected; I mean I've 
been saying for a long time, it won't go on forever. It was difficult for both companies and made both companies in my 
own view perhaps less competitive than might otherwise have been. So we're expecting it to get resolved and I don't 
think it changes much for us in terms of what we do in the middle market and how we compete. 

<Q - Lisa C. Gill>: And I guess if I can just sneak one last one in on a clarification is just congratulations on Arizona. 
Will you do Part D as well on that contract? 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: Yeah. BlueCross BlueShield of Arizona is a great win for us. It's primarily a commercial 
health plan. They do have a very small Medicare Part D offering, but when you look at Arizona overall, they're the 
leading health plan in Arizona. We have a pretty large presence in Scottsdale with over 300 people there. And when 
you think about a 14-year relationship now being extended kind of not cut, no trade for five years, this is an important 
win for us and obviously a high-profile health plan on the West. So we're – it's a full-service PBM offering. 

<Q - Lisa C. Gill>: And is that mail as well, Mark? 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: It is not mail initially, and mail will come next year. 

<Q - Lisa C. Gill>: Okay. Perfect. Thank you for all the comments. 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] And we'll take our next question from Brooks O'Neil with Dougherty & Co. 

<Q - Brooks Gregory O'Neil>: Good morning. I have a couple of questions too. I guess the first one I'd like to ask is 
historically, you've always said that one of the big benefits of a merger is the impact it can have on your cost of goods. 
And I'm hoping you could just give us a little sense for how that might play out over the next, say 12 months to 18 
months? Can we expect to see the Catalyst benefit right away in the third or fourth quarter? Or do you think it's more 
likely to show up in 2013? 

<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: Brooks, this Jeff. No, we're expecting to see improvement in our purchasing and our ability to 
extract the leverage out of our operations and our supply chain will come right away. When you look at how this 
works, there's really several levels of purchasing that you look at. You look at your retail networks and your pricing. 
You look at your manufacturer agreements from a rebate perspective, and those will have a lag. They don't start right 
away. They can have a one to two-quarter lag. Then you've got your direct contracting from wholesalers and 
manufacturers and our ability to drive purchasing and extract the best values for ourselves and for our clients. And that 
is based on current volumes, new volumes as you grow. So those are really the key areas that we have identified and 
that we've already started to make actions and move through on. 

And then when you look at the operation, the operating leverage of our business, when you start to see the opportunity 
in things like specialty where Catalyst has over $1 billion of specialty operations that they currently don't fulfill for, it 
really creates a good opportunity for both of our sales teams to go out and go get. We can generate a lot of savings for 
our clients by helping to manage more their drug spend. And so it's moving through on a very specific basis on an 
account-by-account basis and that work has already started. 

<Q - Brooks Gregory O'Neil>: Great. Maybe secondly, we recognize that the integration process for Catalyst is 
relatively straightforward given they were a client, but can you just hit the high points of what are the key things you 
need to focus on to successfully integrate that acquisition over the next 12 months to 18 months? 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: Yeah, Brooks. This is Mark. I appreciate the question. This is an area where I feel very good 
about this core competency we've built. So from the minute that we tendered the original offer in April through July, 


we've been going through our playbook with extensive integration planning. And so let me just frame it for you and 
then and tell you what we're focused on. We formed an IMO, an Integration Management Office, that has the top eight 
people in our company dedicating to work streams and figuring out function-by-function the exact synergies we're 
going to extract from each of the functions and the COGS leverage we're going to create. This is a dedicated team and I 
can tell you having done six of these, the key to this is culture, chemistry and clarity of goals, and we have all three. 

So we've gone through our day one reductions and you know that the executive team is moving onto new adventures. 
We have retained virtually all of the client-facing folks and we have been very focused on communicating not just the 
integration plan, but the status with every employee in the company. And so we've taken this template that I think 
we've worked hard to perfect in prior acquisitions and effectively doubled-down on the Catalyst integration. At the 
heart of it, the focus is on clients; clients and clients retention. So we now have an outreach plan for all of our top 
people to be in front of the customers with a target of losing none, zero clients. And there'll be changes and we may not 
make zero, but that is the target. And our clients are understanding now the benefits of what the combined company are 
all about, in terms of reporting, new tools, specialty for the Catalyst clients, and new member service capabilities, 
including a great mobile application that Catalyst brought to the market. So we're really bringing the best of both 
worlds. And I'll tell you, this organization, all 3,500 of us, are totaling focused on the success of this integration and 
we're talking about it every day. 

<Q - Brooks Gregory O'Neil>: That's great. I have just two more quick ones. One, you talked a little bit about Cigna, 
I think through the Bravo comments earlier, you highlighted Part D, there's an obvious opportunity with Cigna in the 
Part D business; they have about $1 billion that's outside of the HealthSpring. Can you just update us on your 
conversations with Cigna, what you see is the opportunity there going forward? 

<A - Mark A. Thierer>: Brooks, we did talk about that earlier, and you're right, Cigna does have a 450,000 life 
Medicare operation that's running on a different platform. And so as you'd expect, we're having broad scale discussions 
with all our health plan clients, including Cigna. And again, our goal is to help them release operating leverage in their 
businesses. And our model is very unique in this respect for health plans, and that is we can unbundle our services and 
sort of make them fit inside each of these large health plans. And in that respect, Cigna is no different. And so you 
could expect that that's the dialogue we're having with them; how can we help them release operating leverage and as 
well improve their Medicare operations from a compliance and a service capability. So I'm going to comment 
specifically on the dialogue, but that'll give you a feel for it. 

<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: Yeah, and Brooks... 

<Q - Brooks Gregory O'Neil>: That's very helpful. And then just lastly, a lot of us are excited about your newer cost 
of benefits offering in Medicaid. Can you just comment on what you're hearing and seeing with regard to that broad 
area of opportunity for you going forward? 

<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: Yeah, Brooks. This is Jeff. I think when you think about the prior question around what's 
happing in Part D and how – and also what's happening in the states and this is really two good areas of business for us. 
This is where our footprint and our expertise in Part D and Fee-for-Service is a real asset and we continue to lead in 
both of these markets. These are complicated benefits. They enjoy things like the technology requirements, compliance, 
member and clinical engagement, in the state Fee-for-Service, our ability to deploy specialty and ECOB. These are 
really important components for us. 

And when you look forward and see what's changing, you can see these themes are very important as new lives come 
into the system in 2014 where the focus is on growing complexity, growing reporting requirements and how you can 
engage members at a patient level. Obviously, members, whether it's Part D, when you're marketing to members and 
managing a patient population on an individual basis, or in the Fee-for-Service, patients are taking more responsibility 
for the cost of their healthcare. Both of those markets also represent areas where there's ability to exchange and link 
information, whether it's the current marketplace or in the future marketplace with multiple exchanges and healthcare 
exchanges across the country. We're also seeing both of those areas lead with new payment models. They're really 
focusing on outcomes versus physician visits and hospital visits. So we think our expertise in Part D and state 
Fee-for-Service, as well as our data and technology footprint, are really great assets for us and great areas of growth. 


<Q - Brooks Gregory O'Neil>: Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Robert Willoughby with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Robert M. Willoughby>: Thanks. Back to Larry's question, just on the second quarter, just the sequential 
downtick in the volumes I guess is still a bit surprising to me. You have a full quarter of HealthTrans in there; you've 
got some conversions, both in the first quarter and in the second. Did Bravo Medicare or HealthSpring's Medicare 
enrollment fall off a cliff? I just don't know why that wouldn't have been at least kind of a flattish experience, if not a 
bit better. 

<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: Bob, this is Jeff. HealthTrans started on January 1, so we've got it in full Q1 and Q2, so it's not 
really any of the variances or anything like that. There's really a couple of pieces that go into utilization. When you 
look at Q1 versus Q2, you have the seasonality of cold and flu, and then the other thing that you start to see as you look 
through the second half, then you start to – for 7/1, we've got our go-lives that went – that'll start; you'll start to see 
those come up in third quarter, and then again, you start to peak with the cold and flu season as you move into Q4. So 
that's really all that there is in there. 

<Q - Robert M. Willoughby>: Last year I guess there was a little bit of a pop sequentially in the second quarter. Do 
you attribute that to just a slightly more severe flu season? 

<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: We went live with Optima on the second quarter of last year. 

<Q - Robert M. Willoughby>: Okay. Perfect, okay. And then, Jeff, did you state – you may have thrown it out there, 
is there a cash flow goal for 2012 and what your deleveraging plans may be? 

<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: Well, if you look at the – on a pro forma basis, we're at around 2.7 times on a EBITDA 
perspective. If you look at the cash flow that we see and our ability to get that down, if we used all our free cash, we 
could get it down to 2.2 times, 2.3 times over a 12-month period. So we've got a good forecasted view of our cash 
positions and see very strong cash flow from operations. 

<Q - Robert M. Willoughby>: But you're not going to get – box yourself into an actual cash flow number for this 
year, and I assume all that goes to debt reduction and there's obviously some CapEx now. 

<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: That's right, you've got it right. If you look at what we have, Bob, EBITDA's been a good 
proxy for some of the cash from operations. The only thing that's not in the EBITDA piece is if we've got any CapEx, 
and so we've been relatively consistent on our side in around $10 million to $12 million of CapEx. That's going to 
increase with the acquisition of Catalyst, but it won't be material changes for that. 

<Q - Robert M. Willoughby>: All right. Thank you. 

<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: Thanks, Bob. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Amanda Murphy with William Blair. 

<Q - Amanda Murphy>: Hi. Thanks. I just had some follow-ups here. So just in terms of your moving forward with 
the employer market, how are you thinking about your sort of infrastructure at this point? So thinking about specialty 
relative to some of the larger players and also mail obviously is a bigger deal in that market. How do you think about 
those two pieces of the business going forward? 


<A - Mark A. Thierer>: Amanda, it's Mark. In the middle market, I mentioned that we don't see the big guys all that 
much, and so having a full-service specialty operation has been a differentiator for us for a while now, the last couple 
of years. It has been a big reason why we're winning in the middle market. And we do have COGS leadership from a 
buy side in the middle market and have been using that to our benefit for the last couple of years. You can see it in our 
results. And so selling mail order and specialty in the middle market is really important and it's a central piece of our 
value proposition, along with our flexible service model that we continue to tout. 

And so if you step back and look at the strategy in middle market, it is very focused on the employer segment. It 
includes targeting the consultants and direct-calling on the larger employers in the middle market. And this is a 
numbers game. You've got to be in front of a lot of opportunities, and we are. Catalyst had a very strong 
employer-facing segment and we've captured a standalone segment for employers alone under one business leader 
who's all over focusing on driving our results in the middle market. When we think about employers in the middle 
market, we think margin. This is a higher margin opportunity for us. This is not kind of material on the revenue line, 
but you're bringing employers in in the 5%, 6%, 8% gross margin kind of contributor. And so we like this business a 
lot. We've deployed a lot of resource to it. It's in a very important segment for us. 

<Q - Amanda Murphy>: Got it. And then just one more question, maybe for Jeff, on the integration expenses. So 
you've given some detail there, but I don't know if I missed it. Have you given a perspective on the $40 million to $45 
million and how that might roll through the year? 

<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: Well, we've got our estimates in for the 2012 piece of our cost to achieve those synergies. 
There's been really no changes to our current estimates for those, Amanda. 

<Q - Amanda Murphy>: Okay. Thanks, guys. 

<A - Jeffrey G. Park>: Yep. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our question-and-answer session. Mr. Thierer, I'll turn it back to you for 
closing remarks. 

Mark A. Thierer 

Well, thank you all for your support and your good questions. That'll conclude our call today. Have a good day. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This does conclude our conference. Have a great rest of your 
day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2012, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


