Q2 2008 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Hannah Sloane, Financial Dynamics 
• Francisco D'Souza, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Gordon Coburn, Chief Financial and Operating Officer 
Other Participants 

• Edward Caso 
• Ashwin Shirvaikar 
• Rod Bourgeois 
• Karl Keirstead 
• Moshe Katri 
• Julio Quinteros 
• James Friedman 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Cognizant Technology Solutions Second Quarter 
2008 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks 
there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. 

I would now like to turn the conference over to Hannah Sloane from Financial Dynamics. Please go ahead. 

Hannah Sloane, Financial Dynamics 

Thank you, operator and good afternoon everyone. By now you should have received a copy of the company's second 
quarter 2008 earnings release. If you have not, please call our offices at 212-850-5600 and we will send you a copy. 

The speakers we have on today's call are Francisco D'Souza, President and Chief Executive Officer and Gordon 
Coburn, Chief Financial and Operating Officer of Cognizant Technology Solutions. 

Before we begin, I would like to remind you that some of the comments made on today's call and some of the responses 
to your questions may contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as 
described in the company's earnings release and other filings with the SEC. 

I would now like to turn the call over to Francisco D'Souza. Please go ahead, Francisco. 

Francisco D'Souza, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Hanna and good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us today for Cognizant's second quarter 2008 
earnings call. 


I'd like to do three things this afternoon. First, provide an overview of the highlights of second quarter results. Second, 
discuss the trends, we've seen, particularly relating to the demand environment for our services in light of the economic 
climate. And finally put some color around our guidance for the third quarter and the remainder of 2008. As usual, I 
will be joined on today's call by our Chief Financial and Operating Officer Gordon Coburn. 

Our financial results for the second quarter of 2008 exceeded our prior guidance and demonstrated continued industry 
leading growth despite a very difficult macroeconomic environment during the second quarter. In addition, as Gordon 
will discuss in a few minutes most of our operating metrics remained strong during the quarter. 

While we delivered solid performance in the second quarter, the continuing deterioration in the economy in the latter 
part of Q2 and in the first part of Q3 has led us to reduce our outlook for the full year 2008. 90 days ago when we 
provided our prior 2008 outlook, we were seeing pressure in portions of the financial services sector, but the remainder 
of our portfolio continued to be stable. 

We also noted during our last earnings call that in difficult economic times clients are likely to increase their offshore 
spending in order to get more done with the same or fewer budget dollars. 

When we look at our actual results in Q2, the good news is that our financial services portfolio saw improved stability, 
actually growing slightly above the company average on a sequential basis. However, as the quarter progressed, we 
began to see the impact of the economy affecting clients across other industries. 

While this trend in Q2 was most clearly evident in the healthcare segment, anecdotal evidence that we have from 
conversations with customers outside of healthcare and financial services indicates that the effects of the slowing 
economy will impact other industry groups during the back half of the year. 

Due the spread of caution amongst our client base, we're taking the conservative approach in resetting 2008 guidance to 
be at least $2.81 billion. While we are disappointed that our full year performance will be below our prior expectations, 
we feel comfortable with this revised growth target for 2008, and believe that the drivers of demand remain intact in 
our business. 

Cognizant continues to lead our sector in growth and many business development metrics in our business remain at 
high levels, both in relative and absolute term. 

Our pipeline of large deals is strong and in the past 90 days we have had a number of strategic high profile competitive 
wins. As we discussed on our last call, client satisfaction continues to increase and we see opportunity with our base of 
over 500 clients, as they continue to globalize their businesses and utilize a broader portfolio of our services. In 
addition, we feel comfortable in maintaining our operating margin on non-GAAP basis within historical target range. 

Let me now provide some additional color around our financial and operating results for the second quarter. We 
exceeded our guidance for revenue generating $685.4 million in revenue, an increase of 33% over the second quarter of 
2007, when we recorded $516.5 million in revenue and an increase of 6.6% sequentially from $643.1 million in the 
first quarter of 2008. 

We saw better than expected growth in financial services, which grew 7% sequentially and 29% year-over-year. This 
may appear counterintuitive given the headlines we all read, but it's the result of some of our US financial services 
clients starting to increase the proportion of work they are doing with an offshore provider, as a way to reduce their 
aggregate IT and operation costs. These organizations are taking advantage of the opportunity presented by the 
slowdown to continue to invest in order to enhance their competitive position, or cost structure. 

Offsetting the relative strength in financial services, our healthcare segment was weaker than expected, recording 3% 
sequential growth and 39% year-over-year growth. I'll provide a deeper look into our healthcare performance in Q2 in a 
moment. 

Manufacturing, retail and logistics grew 10% sequentially and 38% year-over-year. And our other segment, which 
includes communications, information, media and entertainment and high technology grew 7% sequentially and 29% 
year-over-year. 


In terms of geographies, Europe is still showing strength, growing 83% year-over-year and 15% sequentially and rising 
to 20% of our revenues from 19% last quarter. This steady growth results from our focused efforts to increase our 
presence in this geography. 

Our partnership with key systems continues to move forward and the pipeline of joint opportunities is building. 

Finally, as we've been saying for some time, we view IT infrastructure services and business process and knowledge 
process outsourcing as significant opportunities since these areas are generally under-penetrated areas from an offshore 
standpoint. 

During Q2 combined BPO and KPO revenues increased 19% sequentially. Of course, this must be viewed in context 
since our BPO revenues are still comparatively small. IT infrastructure services also showed strong growth, increasing 
15% sequentially. ITIS revenues now represent about 5% of total revenues. 

If I can summarize our Q2 results, I would characterize the quarter as one where we continue to see pockets of strength 
offset by areas of weakness. This phenomenon of strength and weakness at the same time is the result of multiple 
trends occurring simultaneously in our markets. 

I'd like to now spend the few minutes providing you with detailed qualitative and quantitative information about 
demand resulting from these cross trends and the resulting effect on our outlook. 

The first trend is of clients and industries beyond financial services reassessing their budgets, reprioritizing spending 
and elongating decision cycles as business and consumer confidence deteriorated further. 

We saw this in particular within healthcare where revenues grew 3% sequentially during the quarter compared to 10% 
in the first quarter. A deeper look into our healthcare growth in Q2 reveals that spending amongst our life sciences 
customers was weak, as they pulled back plans for discretionary spending due to the economic environment and also 
the tremendous pressures facing that industry resulting from drug safety, government and regulatory issues. 

As we look forward to the remainder of the year, we also anticipate slower growth within the payer segment of 
healthcare largely driven by one of our top five clients in the payer sector, who has informed us of plans to scale back 
spending significantly in Q3 and Q4 as a result of business pressures they are currently facing. 

While they expect to reduce spending, it's also worth noting that we continue to represent a substantial proportion of 
this company's offshore spending and we expect them to continue to remain solidly in our top five client list. 

In financial services, although we saw recovery to some extent in Q2 compared to Q1. We continue to maintain a 
cautious view for the remainder of the year principally due to the continuing turmoil in that industry and the likely 
possibility that the economic situation will extend beyond the US to impact our customers in Europe. 

In terms of other industry sectors, we're also taking a conservative view for the rest of the year as we anticipate that the 
effects of the slowing economy will impact each of our segments. However, offsetting this first trend are several trends 
which by contrast are driving demand for our services. 

The second trend we are seeing in the market is the shift towards increased spending with offshore providers as a result 
of intensified pressures to find cost efficiencies. In the second quarter, we witnessed this trend amongst our financial 
services client base where we saw growth slightly above the company average and ahead of our earlier expectations. 

As an example, one mid-sized US bank with whom we have been working with since December 2005 recently 
expanded its relationship with us in order to significantly reduce its costs. Our engagement with this client had 
previously been limited to individual application development projects with no long-term continuity. Eager to find a 
solution for enhancing the margins, the bank has decided to outsource the maintenance of its IT application portfolio to 
Cognizant, after we helped identify savings opportunities worth several million dollars. In addition to providing cost 
savings, Cognizant will work with the bank's technology and operations group to enhance product development as well 
as to enhance business agility and speed to market. 


We continue to see strong evidence that firms like Cognizant will benefit from this trend, as companies across industry 
groups come under significant pressure and look to increase offshore IT and other services during difficult economic 
times. 

The third trend in the market is towards increased adoption of offshoring in new service areas beyond the traditional IT 
outsourcing, in particular, BPO and KPO and IT infrastructure services. As I mentioned earlier, growth during Q2 in 
both our BPO and KPO and our IT infrastructure services lines was strong. In addition to being strong revenue 
opportunities in their own rights, ITIS and KPO and BPO are proving to be opportunities for us to establish 
relationships with clients with whom we may not already have an established relationship in the IT area. 

To provide you some color during the quarter, the BPO practice won a number of engagements, which include 
providing application processing, policy management, account management and sales support to a major insurance 
carrier, providing manual claims processing to a leading pharmacy benefits processing business, and providing retail 
point of sales support for a leading media retail outlet network of hundreds of outlet stores across the US. 

We've also made considerable headway in IT infrastructure services, which represented 5% of revenues in the second 
quarter. We are seeing success by leveraging our OnTarget platform from the AimNet acquisition with our clients. This 
provides our clients with an integrated management platform of tools, processes and automated workflow. 

During the first half of 2008, we won a number of deals, including implementing a multi-tower infrastructure 
management and support for a healthcare business processes provider, implementing a server infrastructure 
management and support for a worldwide research-based pharmaceutical company, and providing support for a key 
data center consolidation initiative for a leading provider of merchant processing services. 

The final trend we're seeing in the market is a reaction by clients to the secular changes that they're experiencing in 
their respective industries unrelated to the current economic environment. Secular pressures often lead to the need for 
consulting services, process design services, and deployment of new technology in order to address evolving market 
dynamics. 

As a result of this trend, we continue to see growth in our application development services, which grew 32% versus 
the second quarter of 2007, and also across a range of our horizontal services, including areas such as ERP and testing. 
As an example, a retailer that is facing dramatic changes in its market and needs to aggressively modernize recently 
expanded its relationship with Cognizant to include many mission-critical applications beyond application support. We 
are helping them to deliver strategic initiatives, such as digital content distribution to make their company more 
competitive in their changing marketplace. 

The net result of all of these trends is that while we anticipate continued lumpy demand over the rest of the year due to 
the impact of the economy and other industry pressures on our clients, we remain confident about the fundamental 
drivers of demand for our services. An indication of this is our pipeline of large deals, which continues to remain 
strong. 

Now, let me turn to guidance. In light of the weakening economy, we are no longer tracking to our prior forecast of 
approximately 38% revenue growth for the full year. Our prior outlook was based on the prevailing business and 
economic conditions three months ago. 

Although our financial services portfolio stabilized, we are seeing a further weakening in the economy, and these 
economic pressures are affecting our clients across other industries. Given the decline in business and consumer 
confidence that has occurred, we now have a more conservative view of the economic outlook and have adopted a 
correspondingly more conservative approach to Q3 and the full year 2008. 

In the interest of caution, we have reduced our outlook and now expect revenues of at least $723 million in the third 
quarter, and 2.81 billion for the full year of 2008. I feel it's important to put our second quarter results and expected 
2008 results into context. 

Our second quarter sequential growth and guidance for Q3 are at the top of our peer group. We believe that relative 
performance compared to our peer group is the best indicator of our competitiveness. 


In this tightening environment, we continue to increase our market share and we are still benefiting from the 
investments that we have made over the years to gain advantage in the market. 

As we look forward our objectives for the remainder of 2008 and beyond are clear. While we cannot affect what is 
outside of our control, we are focused entirely on running our company in a prudent manner while at the same time 
making the necessary investments to ensure that we emerge from this period of economic uncertainty as a stronger, 
more competitive organization. 

Our priorities going forward are as follows. First, we will maintain our focus on our bottom-line. We will continue to 
optimize cost efficiencies and increase utilization during the remainder of the year, maintaining target operating 
margins within the 19 to 20% range on a non-GAAP basis. 

We believe we can deliver this while still protecting core areas of investment in newer services, maintaining our 
geographic growth and deepening our vertical industry capabilities. 

Second, working with our customers to demonstrate proactively how offshoring across IT, IT infrastructure services 
and BPO and KPO can be an effective tool to reduce costs and deliver more during tough economic times. 

And finally, ensuring that we maintain our investments in areas that will generate growth and position us best for when 
the economy recovers. To that end, we continue to remain focused on building distinctive positions in each of the 
markets that we serve and deepening our consulting and domain capabilities in each of the industries we serve. 

For example, during the second quarter, we completed the acquisition of Los Angeles based management and 
technology consulting firm Strategic Vision Consulting or SVC, which has strengthened and accelerated our presence 
in the media and entertainment vertical. 

SVC has a specific focus on studios and offers services in media asset management, digital asset management, physical 
asset management, licensed electronic downloads, rights management, artist payments, and financial systems. This is a 
complementary fit since our service offerings and global delivery model will allow SVC to immediately expand its 
footprint and wallet share with its current studio clients. 

In summary, as we look to the full year 2008, while we are disappointed that our full year performance will be below 
our prior expectations, we remain optimistic about our ability to best position the business for future growth, continue 
to outpace the industry average and emerge from the economic environment in an even stronger position. 

Our pipeline of new business with existing and new customers is robust. The trends I enumerated earlier demonstrate 
that while some clients are slower to make decisions and tightening their spending there are also opportunities from 
which we can benefit as many clients turn to Cognizant as a solution for optimizing their cost efficiencies and helping 
them adapt to the changing industry environment. 

While these trends show signs of persisting, Cognizant will remain well placed to continue to grow its business. 

Now, I'll turn the call over to Gordon, who will walk you through our financial and operating results in greater detail. 

Gordon Coburn, Chief Financial and Operating Officer 

Thank you, Francisco. And good evening to everyone. I would like to provide some additional information on the 
second quarter and then discuss our financial expectations for the third quarter and remainder of 2008. 

As Francisco mentioned, quarterly revenue grew 6.6% sequentially and 33% year-over-year. During the second quarter, 
our financial services segment, which includes our practices in insurance, banking and transaction processing, grew by 
over $71 million year-over-year, and represented 45.8% of revenue for the quarter. 

Healthcare grew by almost $46 million and represented 24% of revenues. Retail, manufacturing and logistics grew by 
over $29 million and represented 15.6% of revenues for the quarter. 


The remaining 14.6% of our revenues came primarily from other service-oriented industries of communications, media, 
and new technology, which grew by over $22 million compared to Q2 of last year. 

For the quarter, application management represented 53% of revenues, and application development was 47%. Both 
services continued to grow significantly in Q2. Application management grew 34% year-over-year and over 8% 
sequentially. Development grew 32% year-over-year and almost 5% sequentially. The sequential strength in 
application maintenance, we believe was driven by clients seeking to optimize efficiencies on non-discretionary 
spending due to budget concerns. 

During Q2 just over 78% of revenue came from clients in North America and for the first time Europe made up over 
20% of total quarterly revenue at 20.3%. 1.5% came from the Asian market. Our European business grew almost 15% 
sequentially and over 83% year-over-year for the quarter as a result of our continued investment in that region. We had 
a gross addition of 63 new customers during the second quarter. We closed the quarter with 520 active customers. 
During the quarter, the number of accounts which we consider to be strategic and have the potential to ramp up to at 
least 5 million to more than $50 million in annual revenue increased by five, bringing our total number of strategic 
clients to 118. 

Turning to costs. On a GAAP basis, cost of revenues exclusive of depreciation and amortization, increased about 30% 
for the quarter as compared to the second quarter of 2007. Second quarter cost of revenues included approximately $4.7 
million of stock-based compensation expense as well as $2.1 million of non-cash expenses related to do the accounting 
for Indian fringe benefit tax expense recovered from employees related to the exercise of stock options. 

As discussed during our call in May, the Indian fringe benefit expense represents the accounting impact of the 
conversion of a portion of taxation in India from employee stock option -- of employee stock option gains from the 
employee income tax to a company-paid fringe benefit tax, which is then recovered from the employee. We are treating 
the tax payments made by Cognizant as an operating expense and the equivalent amounts recovered from the employee 
as option exercise proceeds, which are booked directly to equity. There is no cash impact to the company from this 
taxation. The increase in cost of revenues is primarily due to additional technical staff both on-site and offshore 
required to support our revenue growth. 

We increased our technical staff by approximately 1,100 during the quarter and ended the quarter with approximately 
55,500 technical staff. Second quarter SG&A, depreciation and amortization expenses were $184.9 million on a GAAP 
basis, up from 133.5 in the second quarter of last year. GAAP SG&A expenses in Q2 included approximately $5.7 
million of stock-based compensation expense and $3.8 million of non-cash expense related to the Indian fringe benefit 
taxes. GAAP operating income for the quarter increased 32% to $119.7 million, from 90.7 in the second quarter of 
2007. 

On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes the impact of $10.5 million of stock-based compensation expense, and $5.9 
million of non-cash fringe benefit tax expense, operating income for the second quarter was 136.1 million, up 35.8% 
from last year. Our GAAP operating margin was 17.5% for the quarter and our non-GAAP operating margin, which 
excludes stock-based compensation expense and stock based non-cash Indian fringe tax expense, was 19.8% for the 
quarter, within our target range of 19 to 20%. The average rate for the Indian rupee was approximately 41.6 – was 
approximately 41.6 in the second quarter versus 39.7 in the first quarter of 2008. 

As Francisco mentioned, we're committed to maintaining our investments in the business in order to generate growth 
and to position us best for when the economy recovers. During Q2, we accelerated several of our investment programs, 
mostly the hiring of client-facing talent and industry expertise. 

In addition to the benefit of the weakening rupee, we partially funded these accelerated investments by implementing 
our annual salary increases in a phased matter with increases for a significant portion of our population occurring at the 
end of Q2 rather than beginning of Q2. 

Interest income for the first quarter was $4.9 million compared to $6.5 million in the second quarter of 2007 and 6.2 
million in the first quarter of this year. Sequential interest income decreased primarily due to a slight decline in the 
average cash and investment balances as well as a meaningful decline in short-term interest rates in the United States. 


We had a $500,000 foreign exchange loss during the quarter. Our GAAP tax rate for the second quarter was 16.3%, 
down slightly from the 16.4% tax rate in Q1 of 2008. We expect the full-year tax rate to be around 16.3%. 

As has been previously discussed, certain of our tax holidays were scheduled to end in March 2009. The Indian 
government recently passed into law a one-year extension of the STPI tax holiday. Accordingly, these holidays are now 
scheduled to end in March 2010. Our diluted share count for the quarter was 299.3 million, up slightly from 299.1 in 
Q1 of 2008. 

Turning to the balance sheet, our balance sheet remained healthy. We finished the quarter with just over $713 million 
of cash, short-term and long-term investments, up from 645 million at the end of March. 

During the second quarter, operating activities generated approximately $75 million of cash. Financing activities 
generated approximately $39 million of cash from the proceeds of options exercised and related tax benefits, as well as 
our employee stock purchase program. 

In addition, we spent approximately $32 million for capital expenditures during the quarter and approximately $12 
million towards acquisitions primarily the purchase of Strategic Vision Consulting. 

Based on our $583.1 million balance, on June 30, we finished the quarter with a DSO, including unbilled receivables of 
77 days compared to 71 days for the same period in 2007, and 73 days in the first quarter of 2008. 

During Q2 excluding unbilled receivables, our DSO was approximately 70 days. The increase in DSO during the 
second quarter was primarily driven by UK customers, a few large customers in our healthcare segment, as well as a 
general trend of larger customers paying bills a bit slower due to the economy. The quality of our receivables portfolio 
remains quite strong. 

Our unbilled receivable balance was approximately $57.7 million at the end of the second quarter, which was down $9 
million from March 31. Approximately 56% of our June 30 unbilled balance was billed in July. 

During the second quarter, overall 25.7% of our revenue came from fixed priced contracts, down from 26.8% in the 
first quarter of 2008, and up from 25.3 in the second quarter of last year. 

When we look at the mix by solution type during the second quarter, 31% of our development revenue and 21% of our 
maintenance revenue came from fixed price contracts during the quarter. 

Turning to head count. At the end of the second quarter, our worldwide head count including both technical 
professionals and support staff totaled approximately 59,300, up over 1,300 people from March 31 of this year, and up 
almost 14,000 people from Q2 of 2007. 

Turnover, including both voluntary and involuntary, was approximately 15% annualized during the second quarter, 
attrition was down from approximately 17% in Q2 of last year. 

As you may remember, we hired a large number of new college graduates at the end of Q4 2007, which caused a 
decline in utilization levels in the first quarter of this year. As we absorbed these new college graduates into our 
practices during the second quarter, our offshore utilization rates began to improve increasing to approximately 55% 
from 53% in the first quarter. 

Offshore utilization excluding recent college graduates who are in our training program during the quarter was slightly 
over 70%. On-site utilization was approximately 88% during the quarter. 

At the end of Q2, we had approximately 7,000 unbilled people in our training programs. Throughout the remainder of 
2008, we will be further increasing our utilization rates to take advantage of scale economies and to leverage our 
historically heavy overinvestment in bench resources and the large number of trainees we had on board coming into the 
year. 

I would now like to comment on our growth expectations for the third quarter of 2008, as well as the full year. As 
Francisco has mentioned, we have adjusted our full year guidance to reflect increased economic uncertainty we have 


seen this summer. Our pipeline remains robust and we continue to win significant projects, however, this is muted by a 
tighter IT spending environment than we saw just three months ago. 

We continue to focus on working with our clients to leverage the advantages of our business model to help them 
through these challenging economic times. Although, we are disappointed that we must revise our full year guidance, 
we are pleased that our business continues to grow at a healthy pace despite today's economic turmoil. 

For the third quarter of 2008 we are projecting revenue of at least $723 million. This represents sequential growth of at 
least 5.5%. We have significant revenue visibility into our third quarter guidance due to the high-level of recurring 
revenue and long-term nature of our customer relationships. In fact, today, we have customer commitments for well 
over 90% of our third quarter revenue guidance. 

For the full year, we continue to expect industry leading revenue growth. Based on current conditions and client 
indications; we expect revenue of at least $2.81 billion. As has been typical in past years, we expect the majority of our 
growth for the remainder of 2008 will come from the ramp-up of clients that we've won over the past months and years. 

During the remainder of 2008, we intend to continue to closely monitor our spending and assuming no material change 
in the value of the rupee, expect our operating margin to remain in the range offer 19 to 20% before the impact of 
equity based compensation and non-cash fringe benefit tax expense related to stock option exercises. This is in line 
with our historic margin level goals. 

With this expected level of revenue growth and our expected operating margins, we are currently comfortable with our 
ability to deliver in Q3 GAAP EPS of $0.37 and non-GAAP EPS of $0.41 excluding estimated stock based 
compensation and non-cash stock based fringe benefit tax expense of $0.04. 

This guidance includes the anticipation of Q3 share count of approximately 300.3 million shares, a tax rate of 16.3%, 
and an operating margin within our target range of 19 to 20%, excluding the stock based compensation and fringe 
benefit tax. 

For the full year 2008, based on current business trends, we currently project GAAP EPS to be at least $1.44 and full 
year non-GAAP EPS to be at least $1.61, excluding $0.17 of stock based compensation and fringe benefit tax expenses. 
This full year guidance includes the anticipation of share count of approximately 300 million shares. 

With that, we'd now like to open the call to questions. Operator? 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Ed Caso with Wachovia. Your line is open. 

<Q - Edward Caso>: Hi, good afternoon. Your changing of your adjectives from approximately to at least, does that 
suggest to us that you're giving us the worst case scenario or close to the worst case scenario? 

<A - Gordon Coburn>: When we gave the guidance of approximately three months ago that was based on, this is our 
best guess of where we're going to land. When we have changed the language to at least we look at that as, we're 
comfortable at achieving this level. So it definitely is a change -- intentional change in language. 

<Q - Edward Caso>: Can you quantify the impact of IndyMac bank and when that hit and receivable exposure? 

<A - Gordon Coburn>: We -- obviously it had a first phase of ramp down last year. But we've still been doing a fair 
amount of work for them. We are fully reserved for any cash that's not collected in Q2. So, we don't have any exposure 
coming into Q3 on the receivables at IndyMac. 

<Q - Edward Caso>: Last question, are you extending start dates? 


<A - Francisco D'Souza>: Can you clarify that a little bit? 

<Q - Edward Caso>: For the offers you made a year ago for those that are coming on now, have you pushed out start 
dates? 

<A - Gordon Coburn>: In terms of the college recruits that we made offers to a year ago, who started joining us in 
May of this year and will continue into 2009, clearly with the reduction in revenue guidance, we won't need as many 
people as we originally thought. We still intend to bring all those people on. There is no question about that. However, 
the timing of it will certainly be spread out over a longer period of time, which is something you're seeing very 
common in the industry right now. 

<Q - Edward Caso>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citigroup. Your line is open. 

<Q - Ashwin Shirvaikar>: Thanks. This question on the cost side, how should we think about the cost side of the 
equation with the new lowered growth rate? How does it affect, to some extent you answered the on-boarding, but does 
it affect people's compensation expectations and so on? 

<A - Gordon Coburn>: The biggest impact obviously is we won't hire as many people as we planned. Yes, we 
brought our guidance down, but we're still growing at a very, very healthy pace. So, we will continue to add people 
during the year, but certainly not as many as we originally planned. So the biggest lever on the cost side is controlling 
the head count growth. 

<Q - Ashwin Shirvaikar>: Okay. But in terms of compensation expectation people are expecting, what level of 
compensation increase now? 

<A - Gordon Coburn>: Well, that's all done. The compensation increases for this year are all rolled out. That came in 
pretty much where we planned in that sort of 10 to 12% range offshore. Just to be clear, that's completely done. 

<Q - Ashwin Shirvaikar>: Okay. And could you give the number for, what kind of pricing you're seeing plus what are 
the CapEx? Those two. 

<A - Gordon Coburn>: Sure. In terms of pricing, the best way to phrase it, it's stable. We are actually seeing the 
competitors being quite rational on pricing. Is there a big upward bias? Certainly not in this economy. But it's a stable 
pricing environment. 

CapEx for the quarter was about $32 million for the full year given we're growing slower; CapEx will probably come 
in below our original target of 250 million. How much below, we haven't fully worked out. Obviously lot of it's related 
to construction and the stuff underway, obviously, will finish up on schedule. 

<Q - Ashwin Shirvaikar>: Okay. And with regards to BFSI any difference between banking versus financial service 
versus insurance? 

<A - Francisco D'Souza>: Yes, I think, clearly the biggest pressures we're seeing are in, BSF part of it, so the banking 
and financial services as opposed to insurance. Although we are, as we look to the rest of the year, being more cautious 
and as we look – as we provided the revised guidance, we are also anticipating that some of the softness rolls over into 
insurance and in fact into our other industry sectors as well. 

The other part of it was that when we talked with you last quarter, we hadn't yet started to see the impacts of the 
economy, and so on, on financial services customers in Europe, and we're now starting to see some signs that there 
could be impacts of the economy and customers in the financial services sector, and other sectors, in Europe. 

<Q - Ashwin Shirvaikar>: Okay. Thank you. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from Rod Bourgeois with Bernstein. Your line is open. 

<Q - Rod Bourgeois>: Hi, guys. I just wanted to clarify some of the assumptions in the guidance. And I guess the 
specific question is, is your guidance assuming that current macro conditions remain in place? Are you assuming that 
there might be macro issues worsening in the second half? In other words, do you see risks that you would have to 
lower your guidance again if macro issues flange up again in the second half? 

<A - Francisco D'Souza>: Rod, what we're assuming now in the interest of caution is that macro conditions will 
worsen slightly over the course of the rest of the year, not – we're not assuming that there's going to be a major 
worsening, but we are not – we're expecting that things will deteriorate. As I said in my comments, what we saw in Q2 
was the impact in healthcare. We're assuming over the course of the rest of the year that we'll see the impact in our 
other industry sectors, as well. 

And another way to think about the way we framed our guidance, if you look on a quarterly basis over the next couple 
of quarters, what we tried to be conservative in forecasting out for the rest of the year, and the way we looked at it in 
addition to looking at our core operating metrics and pipelines and forecasts and those kinds of measures that we look 
when we look out over the next couple of quarters, the other thing we did was we said, in general, even through this 
period of economic turmoil, we've tended to have pretty good visibility one quarter out. So we feel reasonably good 
about our Q3 guidance. The -- at least 723 million for Q3 that we mentioned. 

In Q4, we've taken an appropriately conservative view in our view -- in our minds, as we think about the potential of 
deterioration in the macro environment. And so our implied revenue growth for Q4 is quite modest. One way to think 
about it is that in each of the last nine quarters, so for more than two years, we've added more revenue in each of those 
quarters than our guidance implies we'll add in the fourth quarter. 

<A - Gordon Coburn>: And the reason we did that is our belief is the economy is going to stay tough for the rest of 
the year, and we want to be prudent in our expectations. 

<Q - Rod Bourgeois>: I got it. And then when you look at the guidance from another angle, can you state an upper end 
to your revenue growth prospects for the year? Alternatively stated, is the 35% revenue growth range still a possibility 
for 2008 given that you seem to be adding some buffer for a weakening economy? 

<A - Gordon Coburn>: We've not put an upper end, but obviously it is a challenging economy out there, as you read 
about it in the papers everyday. So, yes, we think we've been prudent in setting this new guidance. 

<Q - Rod Bourgeois>: All right. And then in terms of the margins, it looks like you're reinvesting all of the 
rupee-based margin upside back in the business. Is that the case, or are you seeing that rupee-based margin upside 
being offset by certain margin pressures? What's happening on that front? 

<A - Gordon Coburn>: The – I think for Q2, we invested back into the business. Now, remember, the average rate for 
Q2 is less than the current spot rate, so there is some more rupee benefit in Q3 assuming the rupee holds, but as I 
mentioned in my prepared comments, we did move a significant portion of the timing of the salary increases to the end 
of the quarter. So that hits us in Q3. And the way that gets funded is by the -- assuming the rupee stays where it is, 
utilization will go up materially in Q3. And so we have certainly more room to significantly take up utilization. And if 
you look at the sequential increase in SG&A spend, it was very significant in Q2 and it will not be as significant in Q3. 
So we sort of accelerated a bunch of SG&A client-facing investment, and so we won't have that same sort of bump in 
Q3. 

<Q - Rod Bourgeois>: Right. I guess what I'm trying to ascertain here, is there anything worrisome happening on the 
margin front that you're using the rupee to offset? 

<A - Gordon Coburn>: No, on the margin side, most things have actually been going in our favor, so there is nothing 
significant that has been going against us. 


<Q - Rod Bourgeois>: Okay. So in other words, if the rupee were to sort of appreciate some here, you wouldn't need 
to take down your margin range or your EPS guidance? You would have the ability to sort of adjust to that potentially? 

<A - Gordon Coburn>: We have a lot of levers in our expense base. So unless there was a drastic movement in the 
rupee, I'm not particularly concerned about achieving our margin targets. 

<Q - Rod Bourgeois>: All right. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Karl Keirstead from Kaufman Brothers. Your line is open. 

<Q - Karl Keirstead>: Hi, good afternoon. I've got two questions. One is, if you look at your guidance, your fourth 
quarter revenue assumption would be about 760 million. If I assume after that, that the growth will be kind of a 
normalized 5, 6% on a sequential basis, I get to an '09 growth rate of about 23, 25%. Is that a good working assumption 
from here? 

<A - Gordon Coburn>: Karl, it's just way too early to know. A lot of it depends on what's happening with the 
economy, and as customers go through some difficult financial transitions, do they – how quickly do they leverage 
offshore to adjust to their new cost structure. So we haven't even begun discussions with clients about 2009 yet. But the 
good news is penetration levels are still very low for offshore. And we provide part of the solution on a long-term basis 
for clients adjusting to potentially a new economic model. But at this point, we're more focused on 2008, and making 
the investments, so in 2009 and beyond, we continue to have industry-leading growth. 

<Q - Karl Keirstead>: Fair enough. And then a second question, it seems you're talking little bit more in your 
prepared remarks about investing and enhancing your domain in consulting expertise and expanding your offering into 
BPO, and KPO and ITO for that matter. Can you talk a little bit about what's happening in the client base that might be 
in incenting you to adjust the business model, if you'd like, that perhaps you weren't seeing six months ago? So it 
sounds like perhaps there are some things other than the cyclical downturn, which everybody is seeing, perhaps you can 
offer some thoughts? 

<A - Francisco D'Souza>: Yeah, I think that, first of all, I'll say that these -- all of these investments that we've – that 
you have referred to and that I referred to in my prepared comments, are not new. We've been systematically building 
out industry domain expertise for years now in each of the industries that we serve. And we've updated all of you 
periodically on our efforts to do that with the acquisitions like SVC and marketRx in life sciences a few quarters ago. 

So we'll continue to do that. We think that it's very important as we look forward to not just be able to provide our 
clients with good technology solutions, but to be able to put an industry lens on top of that, so that we provide solutions 
to clients' business problems, and we can be more business relevant. We seek to be strategically relevant when we have 
our dialogs with customers. So in terms of industry domain expertise, that's been going on for years now. And it's 
something that we will continue to do and systematically build out across each of the industries that we serve. 

In terms of BPO and IT infrastructure services, again, these are service lines that we've been talking about for several 
quarters now. We think that they both represent in their own right, strong revenue opportunities, particularly the 
vertical business process outsourcing that we've talked about for some time, and ITO, which is significantly 
under-penetrated from an offshoring perspective. 

The reason that we are -- that I highlighted those on the call today, first, because we're starting to see some real traction 
with infrastructure services, for example, now approaching 5% of our revenues. But also because we're starting to see 
clients really looking to – looking beyond the traditional application space to these other areas, and in a tough economic 
environment to say how can I expand my use of offshoring, and these are two logical, BPO and KPO and IT 
infrastructure services are logical places where they're turning. 

<Q - Karl Keirstead>: Great. Thank you for taking my questions. 


<A - Gordon Coburn>: Thanks Karl. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Moshe Katri from Cowen. Your line is open. 

<Q - Moshe Katri>: Thanks. If you look at the June quarter on a monthly basis, was the trend similar to what you had 
seen in March? Started strong, ended weaker and then so far during the month of July, did you see a further 
deterioration in demand and fundamentals? 

<A - Gordon Coburn>: No, it was a different situation in Q1. In Q1, March was very bad. In Q2, the issue was June 
was not very good. What we were counting on was coming -- getting strong momentum coming out of Q2 going into 
Q3. And so it was more just a steady quarter. So different dynamics than Q1, where things really fell off the map in 
March, but we clearly did not have the momentum that we were hoping for coming out of Q2. 

<Q - Moshe Katri>: And has that extended into the month of July as well? 

<A - Gordon Coburn>: We haven't closed our books yet for July. 

<Q - Moshe Katri>: Okay. And then you are talking a lot about a difficult environment. Have you seen any significant 
delays in project starts or anything in terms of meaningful project cancellations? 

<A - Francisco D'Souza>: I pointed out a couple of situations, Moshe, during my prepared comments. I think in Q2, 
we saw life sciences customers, in particular, pausing and reassessing, putting some of their plans on hold, and then 
specifically for the rest of the year, one of our payer customers, a large customer, has informed us of plans to cut back 
spending quite significantly over the third and fourth quarters. So we are seeing some delays, and we are seeing some 
cutbacks, yes. 

<Q - Moshe Katri>: Okay. Is there any way to quantify those, what sort of an impact from that customer will have on 
the second half in terms of revenues? And then just to be clear, based on management's bonus compensation structure, I 
think the magic number is about 35% revenue growth. And I think below that, I think management will not get paid a 
bonus or bonuses. Is that correct? 

<A - Gordon Coburn>: That's correct on the long-term compensation program, not on the annual bonus, but 
long-term, that is correct. 

<Q - Moshe Katri>: Okay. And then can you also quantify the impact from that payer on second half revenues? 
Thanks. 

<A - Francisco D'Souza>: It's built into the guidance. 

<A - Gordon Coburn>: It's built into our guidance. Yeah. It's not our place to talk about a specific client. 

<Q - Moshe Katri>: All right, thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Julio Quinteros from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros>: Great. Thanks, I wanted to go back to one specific area, if you guys can talk a little bit about 
trends in ERP spending, especially coming out of the SAP quarter over the last couple of days. I'm just trying to get a 
sense for how those things tie together, because it sounds like your commentary around ERP still sounds like it's 
relatively robust. And maybe if you could just put any numbers around what that growth rate looks like, that would be 
helpful. 


<A - Francisco D'Souza>: We had a good quarter with ERP, just looking at the numbers here. Both the SAP and the 
Oracle businesses grew nicely, just to give you some context. Both of them grew sequentially better than 20% and on a 
year-over-year basis, both of them grew north of 50%. So we continue to see strong growth in both of those. 

It's being helped a little bit by our key systems relationship, there's some SAP work we're doing there as well. And we 
have a strong -- most of our customers have a strong installed base of SAP and Oracle, so we continue to do work for 
them. I would say that our progress there has been strong, and we're pleased with good sequential growth in both of 
them. 

<A - Gordon Coburn>: One of the important things to remember is a lot of the work we do is maintenance, 
enhancements, rollouts. So there is not always a direct correlation between new license sales and our revenue in ERP. 
So a lot of it is related to the installed base moving the work to support that installed base offshore. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros>: Got it. And what are your revised assumptions now having have T-Systems under your wings 
for a little bit. What are you thinking about there in terms of a revenue run rate or contribution from T-Systems going 
forward? 

<A - Gordon Coburn>: The real key is the new deals we're jointly going after. And we're starting to go after some 
meaningful deals. But as you know, larger deals in Europe take time. When I think about T-Systems being a growth 
driver, as I said, when we did the deal and on the first quarter earnings call, we do not expect it to be a growth driver in 
the second half of this year. Where we think it can really kick in is next year, if things go the way we hope. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros>: Okay. Great. And then finally, I guess, just in terms of sort of this proverbial question about 
how we know that this is really the bottom in guidance. I guess more to you, Gordon, given this all kind falls in your 
lap here. Where are we at in terms of what really needs to be done to actually hit the number for the fourth quarter, 
more than anything else to get to the full year number of 2.8 billion at this point? Can you just give us a sense in terms 
of, do you actually have to win new stuff to get to those numbers, the ones that you're currently projecting here, or is 
there some other way of thinking about what it takes to really hit this number from here? 

<A - Gordon Coburn>: You're asking the right question, Julio. In Q3, we're well enough into it, and this is not a 
business where you wait until the last day of the quarter to sign a contract. So Q3 we kind of understand where we're 
going to land. Q4 because of all the uncertainty out there, if you kind of back calculate our guidance, you'll see in Q3, 
we're guiding to 5.5% sequential growth. In Q4 we put some cushion in there, and we guided to a little bit less, about 
5% sequential growth. Because there's a little bit more of an unknown. So, yeah, we think we have sufficient cushion in 
there. The part you care about is that last, x percent of revenue, there is a core part that is ongoing. It is an uncertain 
time, but we've built that into our model. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros>: And just looking maybe back, as you guys look at your business now and sort of compare 
where we were at the beginning of the year and where we are now. I mean typically, I think, we had assumed that 
maybe half of the business was really discretionary, because it was apps dev versus apps maintenance or something 
along those lines. Is there just some sense in terms of what things can really be turned off and what needs to run its 
course or maybe some percentages around what ultimately is discretionary in your model? 

<A - Gordon Coburn>: The issue is less what can be turned off. We have a couple of accounts where, you know, stuff 
is getting ramped down a little bit. But the bigger issue is the growth and how quickly are people moving new projects 
offshore. And that can impact both maintenance and development. Now obviously you saw it in the sequential growth 
numbers of that maintenance grew a little faster than development, which makes sense in a tough economy. But the 
uncertainty in the economy can impact the growth of maintenance, absolutely. And that's – the assumption that it will is 
baked into our guidance. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros>: Got it. Okay. Can you just give us those final metrics on the offshore on-site effort mix and 
just kind of the standard ones we usually get? 

<A - Gordon Coburn>: Sure. Just hold on one second. We went very slightly on-site compared to last quarter but 
almost unchanged. Pricing on a year-over-year basis is up 1.5, 2%. Utilization is 88% on-site, 55% offshore -- so it's -



no surprises in the metrics. The only metric -- when I look at the metrics for Q2, in my mind, the only one I was 
disappointed in or surprised by was DSO; that was obviously higher than we wanted. We understand why and we don't 
view it as a credit risk. But all the other metrics pretty much tracked to where we expected. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros>: Great. Thanks guys. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from James Friedman from Susquehanna. Your line is open. 

<Q - James Friedman>: Hi, thanks. It's Jamie Friedman at Susquehanna. I wanted to ask first about a balance sheet 
question, Gordon. When I look at the unbilled revenue as a percentage of the revenue that actually declined, which I 
see as a healthy trend. But I'm trying to reconcile that with the DSO and receivables as a percentage of the revenue. 
How should we think about those two dynamics? 

<A - Gordon Coburn>: Unbilled's going to bounce around. We had a good size jump in Q1 and it came back down a 
little bit in Q2. I think about that a little bit differently than DSO. The DSO number we report includes unbilled and it 
went up. It was driven by UK, some healthcare customers and just generally, customers paying a little bit slower due to 
the economy. So yeah, what we did not see is all of a sudden our really small customers stretch out payments. Where 
we're seeing slower payments is actually the larger customers, which obviously means it's not a credit concern, it's 
more just we've got to get a little tougher on that. Unbilled receivables are going to bounce around. We continue to bill 
56% of it gets billed into July, so that statistic I thought was fine. Will it be up or down next quarter? Always tough to 
tell. A lot of that just depends when you hit milestones on specific contracts. 

<Q - James Friedman>: Okay. And I also wanted to ask you about the operating margin. I think the company is well 
known for its mantra of governing the operating margin at a certain level and reinvesting in the top line. The gross 
margins were actually quite healthy in the quarter. I guess, is there any update to your thinking at this juncture in the 
life cycle of the company? Is there any opportunity to release the operating margins higher seeing that the growth is 
decelerating? 

<A - Gordon Coburn>: You should have no expectation of that. The gross margin was up because we made the 
decision to phase the timing of the salary increases and to invest very heavily down on client facing and domain 
expertise. So our SG&A spend went up significantly sequentially, while our gross margin went up due to the rupee and 
the improvement in utilization. What you'll see in Q3, because that will have the impact of the salary increases, you 
will see gross margin come down a little bit, but operating margin remain in the realm of things relatively steady. 

<A - Francisco D'Souza>: Just had to that, Jamie. We're playing for the long-term here and there are still some 
significant opportunities to invest and capture share of market. We talked a little about things like IT infrastructure 
services and so on and so forth; these are under-penetrated service offerings. There are still considerable opportunities 
for us to invest. We are talking -- beyond Europe there are other geographies in the world where we have investment 
priorities. So there is still significant growth opportunities and significant investment opportunities for us. As we look 
forward. 

<Q - James Friedman>: Thank you. 

Gordon Coburn, Chief Financial and Operating Officer 

Great, and with that, it's a little bit after 6:00; I know people probably want to get home for dinner, so Franco, let's 
finish up. 

Francisco D'Souza, President and Chief Executive Officer 


Thanks. And Thanks everyone for joining us on the call today. To conclude, we're pleased with our financial and 
operating performance in the second quarter across the company. It exceeded our guidance and proved our ability to 
maintain industry leading growth despite the continuing -- the current economic climate. 

We are adopting a more cautious stand for the remainder of the year, but we remain optimistic about our ability to best 
position the business for future growth, to continue to outpace the industry average and to emerge from this economic 
environment in a strong and defensible position. We'll look forward to talking to you again next quarter. Thank you 
very much. 

Operator 

This concludes today's Cognizant Technology Solutions second quarter earnings call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2008, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


