Q2 2007 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Lynn A. Tyson, Vice President of Investor Relations and Global Corporate Communications 
• James M. Schneider, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Kevin B. Rollins, President and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Richard Gardner 
• Antonio Sacconaghi 
• Laura Conigliaro 
• Michael Dell 
• Harry Blount 
• Richard Farmer 
• Benjamin Reitzes 
• Robert Semple 
• Chris Whitmore 
• Andrew Neff 
• William Fearnley 
• Louis Miscioscia 
• Brian Alexander 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon and welcome to the Dell Incorporated second quarter fiscal year 2007 conference call. I would like to 
inform all participants this call is being recorded at the request of Dell. This broadcast is the copyrighted property of 
Dell Incorporated. Any rebroadcast of this information in whole or part without the prior written permission of Dell 
Incorporated is prohibited. As a reminder, Dell is also simulcasting this presentation with slides at 
www.dell.com/investor. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. 

I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Lynn A. Tyson, Vice President of Investor Relations and Global Corporate 
Communications. Ms. Tyson, you may begin. 

Lynn A. Tyson, Vice President of Investor Relations and Global Corporate 
Communications 

Thank you. With me today are Chairman, Michael Dell, who is joining us from China; CEO, Kevin Rollins; and CFO 
Jim Schneider. Jim will review the second quarter results and then Kevin will follow with his perspective on the market 
and our strategy, we will then take Q&A, and then Michael will wrap up with some closing thoughts. As the operator 
said our earnings presentation is available on our website. I encourage you to read this deck for additional financial and 
operational information. 


As a reminder we will host our analyst meeting in New York City beginning with an evening reception on September 
12 the formal meeting, which will be broadcast live on dell.com is the morning of September 13. Invitations have been 
sent out via e-mail and space is limited. So please register soon. 

Finally, I would like to remind you that all statements made during this call that relate to future results and events are 
forward-looking statements that are based on our current expectations. Actual results could differ materially from those 
projected in the forward-looking statements because of a number of risks and uncertainties which are discussed in our 
annual and quarterly SEC filings and in the cautionary statement contained in our press release and on our website. 

I would now like to turn the call over to Jim. 

James M. Schneider, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks Lynn. For the second quarter we generated $14.1 billion in revenue, an increase of 5% year-over-year. Units 
were up 6% and we gained over one point of share sequentially achieving a record 19.3% worldwide. Operating 
income was $605 million or 4.3% of revenue, which includes $119 million of stock-based compensation. 

We are not pleased with our performance. Kevin will have more to say about our strategy in a moment, but I want to 
give you some insights into Q2. We priced too aggressive in the face of slowing industry demand and commercial 
markets worldwide and slower overall demand in Western Europe. In addition, component costs came down less than 
we anticipated resulting in operating income which was lower than our May expectations on roughly similar revenue. 
As a result EPS for the quarter finished at $0.22. 

Cash flow from operations was almost $700 million and we ended the quarter with 10.8 billion in cash and 
investments. Our cash conversion cycle was a negative 40 days. And during the first quarter we spent $1 billion – in the 
last quarter, we spend $1 billion to repurchase 43 million shares of our stock. 

Turning to products, we continued to unveil new products in client, enterprise, and service solutions that positioned us 
to exit this year with the most robust product line in our history. In the enterprise, we began shipping our new ninth 
generation PowerEdge servers with Intel's latest Xeon 5100 series processors late in the quarter. These systems deliver 
152% performance increase over the previous generation and can lower power consumption by up to 25%. In addition, 
we previously announced we will be using AMD Opteron in our PowerEdge multiprocessor servers and today we 
announced the addition of AMD to our two-socket servers with both shipping later this year. Blade units were up 36% 
year-over-year. We began shipping our new PowerEdge 1955 blade servers, which incorporate an innovative chassis 
design that optimizes performance and cooling in rack dense environments. 

In storage, revenue was up 36% year-over-year. We had our first full quarter shipping our new Dell/EMC CX midrange 
storage system and we launched two new Dell network attached storage servers designed on our 9G Platform. As a 
result, total enterprise revenue which includes servers, storage and the associated services and software and peripherals 
grew a healthy 11%. 

In enhanced services revenue grew 21% year-over-year. In the quarter, we announced Platinum Plus, our highest ever 
level of support for customers enterprise data centers. This new service includes performance and system uptime 
tracking features for managing data centers with initial customers reporting a 30% reduction in resolution time. 

In software and peripherals revenue grew 10%. Within this segment total imaging revenue was up 5% year-over-year 
with total consumables growth of 46%. 

Total laser revenue was up 34% year-over-year and we launched our third generation of laser printers including six new 
color, multifunction and mono lasers. The flagship product is a new 3110cn. This printer is three times faster than its 
predecessor and delivers enterprise level color laser performance at less than half the hardware price of a comparable 
competitor model with superior cost per page. With this refresh, we also announced our new OpenManage printer 
software, which gives IT administrators a comprehensive suite of management tools from a single console at no 
additional cost. 


In mobility, revenue was up 8% year-over-year on 22% unit growth. We are a leader in embedded wireless broadband 
and we finished a major upgrade of our notebook portfolio, including the three pound Latitude D420. The increased 
security, connectivity, and durability features of these notebooks reflect extensive input received from customers and 
our mainstream Inspiron E1505, recently received the Best Buy Award from consumer reports, citing multimedia 
features at a competitive price. Additionally the E1505 along with the XPS M1210 were both selected as top-ten 
back-to-school systems by Laptop magazine. These new systems including our new dual-core notebooks are seeing 
great acceptance and we will enhance this lineup in the third quarter with Intel's new energy efficient Merom processor. 

In the regions, results were led by strong growth in Asia-Pacific and emerging markets in the Americas. In 
Asia-Pacific, where customers continue to embrace the advantages of the direct model, we had 17% revenue growth 
and 27% unit growth almost triple the rate of the industry excluding Dell. This allowed us to move into the number two 
position in the region with over 11% share, up one percentage point year-over-year. China revenue growth was 31% 
year-over-year with units growing 37% and we expect to move into the number one share position in servers with 
almost 26% share. In India, revenue grew 63% year-over-year on 82% unit growth. For the quarter, we expect to gain 
about two share points overall and four points in notebooks. In Japan, the overall market declined 2%, we grew units 
15%. We are now in the number two position overall with 16% share and we expect to be number one in all business 
segments. 

In Europe, revenue was up 3% year-over-year on unit growth of 6%. We gained 50 basis points of share year-over-year 
in the total region including the Middle East and Africa. Western Europe was a more focused example of our global 
profit performance this quarter. Industry unit growth has decelerated from 16% in calendar 2005, 1% in Q2 with 
industry revenue contracting both sequentially and year-over-year. We price aggressively to grow the business with the 
resulting significant adverse impact to our results. Against this backdrop we grew faster than the broader market and 
believe we took share in commercial accounts where the industry experienced the biggest slow down. In the UK we 
gained over one-percentage-point year-over-year extending our leading share position to 29.3%, and in Germany our 
share grew almost two percentage points to 12.6%. 

Turning to the Americas business unit, revenue was up 3% year-over-year led by growth in the Americas international 
segment which was up 29% and is on an almost $4 billion run rate. Within America's international, Latin America 
revenue grew 45% year-over-year with 52% growth in the home and small business segment. In Brazil we grew 
revenue 58% and finished the quarter number two in overall share and number one in servers where our share has 
grown 11 percentage points year-over-year to 41%. 

In the US which is a large and important market for Dell we grew revenue 1% year-over-year and 3% sequentially, 
taking share in a soft market. According to industry analysts we gained almost 2 points of share overall. In public we 
also took significant share and announced a customer win with the Commonwealth of Kentucky worth up to $100 
million. 

Before I make some comments about the third quarter and turn it over to Kevin, I want you to know that in August 
2005 we received notice from the US Securities and Exchange Commission that it was conducting an informal 
investigation of the company. The notice stated that the investigation is not an indication that any violations of law 
have occurred. The SEC has requested information relating to revenue recognition and other accounting and financial 
reporting matters for certain past fiscal years, and Dell has been co-operating. 

In the course of responding to the request we recently discovered information that raises potential issues relating to 
certain periods prior to fiscal 2006. While we do not believe that these issues have had or will have any material impact 
on our financial position or our reported results of operations for the relevant years, our audit committee upon the 
recommendation of management has initiated an independent investigation. We're committed to addressing any 
questions, concerns or issues the SEC or the audit committee may have. 

Now with respect to the third quarter I would like to discuss a few items we believe are relevant to focus on in order to 
gauge our progress. The addition of AMD on Dimension desktops and 2-way PowerEdge servers will give us 
additional product breadth and cause visibility as we move through the third and fourth quarters. We're also excited 
about the new processors from Intel including their Xeon 5100, Core 2 Duo for desktops and Merom for notebooks. 


We continue to take share worldwide, particularly in strategic regions and customer segments and we intend to balance 
revenue growth with profitability. We are making solid improvements in our customer experience, but ongoing 
investments will put pressure on operating expenses. And finally, we believe industry demand will decline modestly 
over the longer-term. In addition, we expect to spend about $1 billion for share repurchase in this coming quarter. 
Lastly, as I've mentioned before, a majority of our cash is outside the United States. This is typical for companies like 
Dell who are generating increasing profits internationally. Since repatriating does have an economic impact, we will 
likely borrow in Q3 to augment our liquidity. 

Now, let me turn it over to Kevin for a more detailed discussion of our strategy. 

Kevin B. Rollins, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Jim. I would like to touch on three points in my comments today: our view on worldwide industry growth and 
consolidation, our cost position and what we're doing to improve it, and our progress in the area of customer support 
and service. We're seeing early indicators of our actions and that they're working. But before I go there let me reflect on 
the quarter. 

We're clearly disappointed with our financial results. For the next quarter and the foreseeable future, we will continue 
to balance our revenue growth and profits without giving up share. In our relationship account, we are more closely 
monitoring our list and bid pricing, and in consumer we're simplifying our pricing and our promotion structures. We 
can do better, we know that. In the quarter, we did make considerable gains, however, regarding share. We gained 
share worldwide and achieved an industry leading record global share of 19.3%. We moved into the number two 
position both in Japan and for the Asia-Pacific region in total. And we saw exceptionally strong unit growth in 
emerging markets like China, Brazil, and India where customers have a strong preference for standards-based 
technology and our direct model. 

This is all happening in a time when the industry is slowing modestly with worldwide unit growth down from 18% in 
the second quarter of 2005 to 9% in the second quarter of this year. Western Europe is following a similar pattern with 
even more deceleration. Historically, Dell has fared far better than our competitors in such periods of industry 
moderation and consolidation. Since 2000, we have gained almost 8 points of share worldwide and 15 points of share 
in the US while competitors have undergone significant changes including mergers, acquisitions, restructuring, and 
share loss. 

Next, improving our cost position is critical, and we are on track to drive more than $3 billion of cost improvement this 
year. This includes lower component cost, structural material cost, product transformation and warranty cost which are 
back-end-loaded into the year. Today we took a step forward in this effort with the addition of AMD desktop 
processors for consumers, which will be available in September. And we announced Opteron 2-socket servers for the 
enterprise, which we will introduce later this year. 

Finally, given the importance of the customer experience, we have taken bold steps. And we are seeing a turnaround 
because of the improvements we have seen. We have decided to go beyond our initial investment of 100 million, and 
now expect to spend a 150 million this year on improving service and support. And we're seeing clear signs of a 
successful turnaround. For example, consumer hold times have been reduced by 50%. Call transfers have been reduced 
by 33%. And satisfaction rates are up 20% this year. Our likely to repurchase data, registered its highest results for the 
past six quarters, with a 6.5% increase for business customers and a 5% gain for consumers. 

And DellConnect, our new remote diagnostic tool, designed to significantly improve resolution of technical tissues, has 
now been used by over one million customers, with a 94% satisfaction rate; unheard of in our industry. More 
importantly, our customers are acknowledging our progress. Dell's, scores in the annual University of Michigan, 
American Consumer Satisfaction Index, improved 2.5 points year-over-year, our highest scores since 2004. And results 
of the Investor's Business Daily, US home computer purchase outlook index, showed Dell was the preferred brand, for 
50% of likely computer buyers in the July poll, versus 41% in the June poll. And that's against 12 % for our nearest 


competitor. And among light lead, notebook PC wires, Dell was the number one choice for 60% of respondents, which 
is the highest score for Dell in nearly 3 years. 

Overall, we are seeing encouraging trends. Our gains in share around the world in key markets, our turnaround in 
customer experience, and our moves to broaden our product line and improve our cost position. For our shareholders, 
we are committed to driving industry leading profitable growth over the long-term. Profits fuel cash and cash returns. 
For Dell, the current environment we believe plays to our strengths. We would now like to turn it over to the operator 
for questions, and then Michael will close with a few comments. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. And we will take our first question from Richard Gardner, with Citigroup. 

<Q - Richard Gardner>: Okay. Thank you very much. You made mention of pricing too aggressively in the quarter, 
in a decelerating demand environment. You also, made mention several times of balancing revenue growth and 
profitability. I'm just wondering if that means that pricing and margins are going to rebound in the third quarter and 
beyond? Or I was hoping you could give us a little more detail on exactly what you're doing with pricing here, on a 
go-forward basis? 

<A - Kevin Rollins>: Richard, this is Kevin. I will talk a little bit about, the pricing strategies. Real clear on this, we 
don't think we did a good job of that in the Q2 timeframe. We were overly aggressive in the marketplace – in a slowing 
marketplace, and in a situation where component prices didn't come down as we had thought, so we had a margin 
squeeze. In the future, we're going to be a bit more circumspect on our pricing strategy, more careful. However, we are 
not backing off and moving into a margin harvesting and loss of share situation. We're going to continue to gain share 
but we're going to do it I think a bit more thoughtfully and more carefully and we're doing that through more 
circumspect review of list pricing moves, of bid pricing, and on the consumer side as I mentioned doing that with better 
promotional control and review of our advertising expenditures on pricing. 

<Q - Richard Gardner>: And Kevin, just one other follow-up. Could you confirm that there was no impact from a 
precipitous or sharp decrease in Intel co-marketing dollars on the gross margin in the quarter? Was this all related to 
pricing and component cost, or was there some other costs, like warranty or loss of co-marketing dollars, that also 
contributed to the sharp drop in gross margin in the quarter? 

<A - Kevin Rollins>: Well Richard, we would probably not communicate anything on that. It is proprietary. We do 
believe that component prices did not come down as we had anticipated, but we wouldn't comment on any of our 
agreements with suppliers. 

<Q - Richard Gardner>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

And your next question comes from the line of Toni Sacconaghi with Sanford Bernstein. 

<Q - Antonio Sacconaghi>: Yes, thank you. I have two questions please. Kevin, in the current quarter it does appear 
as though Dell lost share. It grew units at 6%. The market, by your own admission, grew at 9%. So you lost share 
despite very aggressive pricing. So going forward, how do we think about pricing? You've said you don't want to lose 
share, yet you priced very aggressively this quarter and you lost share. Do you expect the component environment to 
change dramatically next quarter and that is going to explain the difference in terms of your ability to retain share 
despite less aggressive pricing, or how do we think about that? And I have a follow-up please. 


<A - Kevin Rollins>: Sure. Toni, I don't think we did lose share. I think if you use your 9% number and you compare 
that to what was going on – those are IDC numbers – we actually grew faster than that according to IDC in their 
calendar quarter. And so if you look really at their share estimations, as well as Gartner's, we basically held share in the 
US. We gained share according to Gartner quarter-on-quarter by almost 2 points. And we clearly gained share in 
Europe and Asia, and moved into the number two position in Asia-Pacific. 

<A - James Schneider>: Toni, this is the same. This is Jim. This is the same conversation we have, seems like almost 
every quarter where you've got this mix between the calendar quarter and our fiscal quarter. A quarter or so ago I think 
it was the opposite. We had reported a lot higher revenue, you know, unit growth than the market growth. It depends on 
what month and how the seasonality is for us whether you add – this time you are backing out one calendar quarter and 
you're adding in our July, and it changes. So it is really hard to sort of do that. So we only have market data for the 
calendar period that has been presented. And we're shown to have taken share. I don't think – you can't extrapolate that 
and say, oh, yeah, then you only have 6, so July must have been bad, because this happens all the time. 

<Q - Antonio Sacconaghi>: Just to follow-up on that, I think the market share gains were something like 10 basis 
points from Gartner, and certainly less than 50 basis points somewhere else, so, this is --? 

<A - Kevin Rollins>: That's in the US. 

<A - James Schneider>: Let me add – Toni, let me just – one thing just probably further on, because I know we will 
have some of the same questions on growth and margins as well. I just want to interject further on to what Kevin said. I 
think if you look at the market, and I will give you an example like the large corporates in the United States, and public, 
and markets that are big for us and very important to us, we actually took a reasonable amount of share without really 
any growth. So those markets that we view as the most attractive markets in this last quarter had very little growth. I 
think that has been part of it. 

In some of those markets, if you take the end of last quarter, we said that we would price aggressively, but selectively. 
So, I think we were more conservative in terms of how we approached some of the consumer markets for instance 
which are less important to us profitability wise. And we were a little bit more aggressive in places like Europe where 
we'd like to continue to increase our share presence. And in some of those markets there was very little growth and 
that's where we are pricing a little bit more aggressively to enhance our position there and some of that just didn't give 
us the elasticity because the markets were weak and we suffered profitability wise. But if you look at most of the share 
data where you will see some of the declines, it's really more in US consumer and some of that is intentional by us. 

<Q - Antonio Sacconaghi>: Now, just switching topics if I may. One of the most startling numbers in your press 
release was your change in head count, which is up about 14,000 people over the last year that's 22%; the revenues 
grew 5% year-over-year. Can you talk about how this dramatic increase in head count jibes with your notion of 
accelerating your cost initiatives? And secondly, can you comment about what all these people are actually doing and 
where they appear on the income statement from a cost perspective? 

<A - Kevin Rollins>: Sure, Toni. If you look at the year-on-year versus its quarter-on-quarter we have been making 
continued strides in moving from outsourcers into in-house. And so, you're seeing that going out into our numbers now. 
If they were an outsourced number it would not have been in head count, it's now moving into Dell. And so, that's a 
conscious effort, which shows in head count numbers. 

Secondly, we are hiring more as we talked about spending the $100 million to correct this service and support issue, 
which is now turned around. The money has proven to be well spent and so we're going to accelerate it. I think though 
as you go forward and look now on quarter-on-quarter numbers we're going to see that head count number come back 
in line. But we were not shy about adding the heads to make sure our CE, or customer experience, got fixed and got 
fixed fast. And we're very happy with looking at the reports now that it is this improving. 

<A - James Schneider>: Yes, I just want to clarify this because we've always reported our head count and we've talked 
about this in some prior periods. We've always reported our head count on who is Dell badged. And we've always had 
overflow capacity using some temps and outsourcers and I think over the last couple of years when we grew more in 
particular in a transactional space we used more of those people. So, they've always been in the P&L but you don't see 


the head count. As we're working to improve our customer experience we've actually converted more of those heads to 
Dell badged. So, you're seeing some additional costs as we put more emphasis on resolution and customer satisfaction. 
You're seeing more cost but you're also seeing a lot more heads because we're converting people to Dell badge. 

<Q - Antonio Sacconaghi>: If you could maybe just clarify and then I'll get off. It's just – I think you'd said customer 
service you'd be looking at 2,000 people. Again there have been 14,000 people added over the last year. Can you help 
us understand if they were big pockets of outsourcing specifically what they were, was bringing some form of IT 
outsourcing in-house at 6 or 7000 people. But I think the numbers you've talked about for customer service are much 
smaller than the 14,000 net adds. I'm just trying to get a better example of where some of the big pockets of addition 
have been? 

<A - Kevin Rollins>: Yes, 2,000 was really net hires that we made, but part of the 14,000 was conversion of temps and 
outsourcers into Dell badge. We also Toni have grown revenues at least this quarter of 5%, so some of it is just growth 
and investment in overall services and support areas and in general head count. Like I said I don't think you're going to 
see, after this settles out a year, the head count growth that will be as dramatic as it has been year-on-year. And you will 
be better served by watching quarter-on-quarter. We are very cognizant of the head count, we know that drives OpEx. 
But we're going to make the necessary investments for CE and start to managing our head count much more closely to 
revenue on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 

<Q - Antonio Sacconaghi>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And your next question comes from the line of Laura Conigliaro with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Laura Conigliaro>: Yes. A question first on the component side. You talked about component pricing not being 
as aggressive as you expected. And maybe you can give us more detail about that because certainly – first of all it 
seemed from Hewlett-Packard's comments that they actually cited pretty aggressive component pricing, as well as from 
the market itself where we saw component pricing dropping in certain very key important components for PCs. And 
then in your slides, you refer to the fact that you're thinking about lower component costs basically back-end loaded 
into the year. Apart from AMD, where I presume you have a low component cost element there, can you talk to us 
about where you would expect lower component cost and to what extent that makes the commentary about your view 
of sort of normal seasonality or maybe there not being normal seasonality? 

<A - Kevin Rollins>: I will make a quick comment, and I will turn it over to Michael to say a few things on this too. 
The CPU or processing areas is a big one and so we believe that offering a multiple of product lines, choice for 
consumers and for our corporate server customers, along with technology, will be a big issue and it will be very 
important for us. With the other commodities there are puts and takes here and there that we think we will be positive, 
and let me turn over to Michael who can maybe comment on those. 

<A - Michael Dell>: Yes. The processors as were mentioned is a significant one and I think we have been 
systematically adding products in a way that's going to provide significant benefit there in our cost. We are also 
undergoing a kind of full reexamination of all of our procurement and supply chain practices to look for new 
opportunities. The process that we have had for the last several years has generally worked quite well, although we 
have reached a share point and a critical mass where we're seeing some new things. I am not quite ready to talk about it 
yet but we are exploring all sorts of ways to accelerate new releases in cost improvement. 

<Q - Laura Conigliaro>: Can I follow up please? Again, can we go back to where were components not as aggressive 
as you expected, which components? And again which components do you think are going to tighten up in the back 
half of the year, or are going to get even more aggressive in line with your I guess your lower component comment? 

<A - Kevin Rollins>: Laura, I don't think we can share that with you because that is proprietary information in terms of 
deals we cut and places we are negotiating. And as Michael mentioned there is new methodologies. So I am afraid we 
are going to have to beg off on that. I think we have told you about some key ones, but you've got other issues 


surrounding flat panels, big categories of storage, big categories of memory. And those are all areas that you would 
imagine we would focus on doing it with new methodologies. 

<Q - Laura Conigliaro>: You have told us in the past roughly the percentage that you saw component costs down. 
Can you give us a sense of that? And I guess the one other follow-up question, which is to the extent that you expect 
component costs to come down more in the second half of the year, what kind of comment is that, what kind of 
message should we be taking from that about how you think demand is going to be in the second half of the year 
because typically they go hand-in-hand? 

<A - Kevin Rollins>: Yes. I think to some extent they do. We do see that there has been a slowdown as we have talked 
about from 18% last year to 9. So we are seeing an actual showdown in the unit growth worldwide. We talked about 
Europe being slower, so we would anticipate there will be a continued moderation of growth, it's not going to be 
precipitous, but it will moderate for all of these macroeconomic reasons you and we see every single day. But in terms 
of each of the components you're going to see – it really is based on some proprietary arrangements we have, capacity 
that's being built into the industry already, and then shifts in what that capacity is used for. Again I am afraid we're not 
going to be able to share with you all of the things that we're doing and knowing there other than to let you know that 
we're very focused on component cost as well as general, what we call structural materials, the materials we put into 
every system as key enablers in the back half of the year. 

<A - James Schneider>: But partly to your question, Laura, we've tended to talk about what a basket of costs looks to 
us quarter-to-quarter and we've talked about cost reductions moderating in the prior quarters and in this past Q2 it was 
lower than it had been in the prior couple of quarters. And while I think we are expecting it to improve, it would still be 
at a moderate level but this was – I'd say from a cost reduction standpoint, it was certainly not what we anticipated. 

<A - Kevin Rollins>: And so, Laura, I think the point of all of that is, we don't think that we have been doing a good 
enough job there in terms of getting the component cost. So, the history and the data we have given you is not good 
enough. 

<Q - Laura Conigliaro>: But is my assumption about the second half is correct, that is if you are anticipating lower 
component costs, that that goes hand-in-hand with your view that we won't get – you think we won't get a rebound in 
second-half demand? 

<A - Kevin Rollins>: No. I don't think we have said that there is not going to be reasonable – there is always bit of an 
up tick in the past half of the year, we just don't think it's going to be maybe as big as it has been, but that's about all we 
can tell you. 

<Q - Laura Conigliaro>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And your next question comes from the line of Harry Blount with Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - Harry Blount>: Hi guys. I want to come back to the comment on balancing growth and profitability. Should we 
take that to mean that we should start to see profitability bottom out with this quarter and effectively start improving 
from here on out? And secondly, relating to the balancing on the pricing side of the equation. I think this is maybe the 
fourth or the fifth quarter where we have heard about you guys not quite executing as crisply on pricing relative to 
marketplace and elasticity as you would have liked. And I guess the question is why should we believe that the actions 
you're taking now are going to be any better than the actions you have taken in prior quarters? 

<A - Kevin Rollins>: Well, a couple of thoughts on that and you're right, we haven't done a very good job on having 
forecasting visibility, a lot of that I believe has been because our visibility on component costs hasn't been very good. 
And so, as Mike alluded to we've got to do a better job of understanding costs in order to predict price, profitability, 
and then elasticity, and that's what we're working on now. On the cost side we alluded to the things – or excuse me, on 
the pricing side we alluded to a number of things that we found in the quarter where we felt we had miss-steps in overly 


aggressively pricing and therefore leaving margin on the table when we could have probably and not had the margin 
squeeze that we had and those we're going to correct. They are methodological within the company both in the 
corporate sector as well as moving off of the pricing only strategy in the consumer business in the US, which has not 
been very effective, and we're seeing signs of improvement there. But, those are the initiatives that we're going to 
undertake to try to develop better visibility. 

<Q - Harry Blount>: And what about on the profitability side of the equation, at what point do we start seeing margins 
stabilize and even start improving on a normalized basis? 

<A - Kevin Rollins>: Harry we're not giving guidance and that would be in the form of guidance so, I'll have to pass 
on that. 

<Q - Harry Blount>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And your next question comes from the line of Richard Farmer with Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Richard Farmer>: Thank you. Jim and Kevin first on the SEC informal investigation, I think you said August 
2005, is that date accurate and if it is, why did you wait a year before disclosing it? What is different today versus a 
year ago, but more importantly what are the issues that are being looked at in your revenue recognition either by the 
SEC or by the internal group that you have had look at it? 

And then secondly, on the AMD ramp – before you had decided to support the AMD platform one of the reasons you 
had given for not doing it was the cost of supporting the second platform, now that you are ramping on AMD how 
much incremental cost is that causing you to incur and how much does that explain some of the margin performance 
that we saw in the quarter? 

<A - Kevin Rollins>: On the investigation, when you put it in the right context I mean an informal investigation really 
starts out as a letter from the SEC just requesting some information from you. At the time we got it, it seemed like we 
would respond to the information. There was really no reason to disclose it at that time and in fact what I understand, 
there is hundreds if not more of such "investigations" started each year by the SEC and the vast majority are not 
disclosed because you really have a dialogue process on some issue they want information on. 

So, this has gone on in a deliberate process for about a year and – which we put in the press release, and in the course 
of researching some matters related to a request from them very recently here we uncovered a couple things – a couple 
of issues going back prior to fiscal 2006 that we felt warranted additional look and we decided rather than just 
management doing it we would have an investigation done by our audit committee. But, in any event we would have 
probably got – as this goes on and more people get involved internally it is really a matter of – we're not trying to 
necessarily keep this a secret from people but the longer something like this goes on we felt like we should disclose it 
publicly. Again, I don't believe that the issues that are under investigation right now should cause any material change 
to our financial position or our results of operations for the years under question. 

<Q - Richard Farmer>: If I could just follow-up on that, just qualitatively what are the issues? Is it something to do 
with services recognition or can you just help us understand topically what you're looking at, understanding that you 
don't expect it to be material when you finish the process? 

<A - Kevin Rollins>: I really can't – I really can't comment on that since it is under investigation and at the appropriate 
point we will let you know more. 

<A - Michael Dell>: On the AMD part of your question, there are some startup costs involved. We have been pretty 
thoughtful about this in terms of our architecture and different platforms that we are introducing and believe that those 
will be paid back very, very quickly given the nature of this thing. So, some startup costs but absolutely the right thing 
to do. 


<Q - Richard Farmer>: But you wouldn't characterize those startup costs as being one of the major drivers in what 
caused you to have the significant change in your margins in the quarter? 

<A - Michael Dell>: No. There is some OpEx associated with that but it is certainly not a margin driver in the second 
quarter. 

<Q - Richard Farmer>: Okay, thanks. 

<A - Kevin Rollins>: It's really not margin, it is one of operating expense. 

<Q - Richard Farmer>: I should say on the operating EBIT line, is the change in your EBIT margins significantly 
driven by that or is that really not an issue from your point of view? 

<A - Michael Dell>: No. 

<A - Kevin Rollins>: No, it's not. But you would imagine, we didn't develop these yesterday. 

<A - Michael Dell>: It certainly contributes. 

<Q - Richard Farmer>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

And your next question comes from the line of Ben Reitzes with UBS. 

<Q - Benjamin Reitzes>: Yes, good afternoon. I've got a question and a few follow-ups here. I want to understand 
why you need to borrow next quarter? And what is going on with the cash flow? From what I understand, you have a 
Malaysian entity which has lower taxes. You get your notebooks through there, as well as probably some of your 
APAC business as well as [inaudible]. Is there a major change now in your model in that a lot of profits and revenue 
are coming through Asia, and with notebooks and you actually now need to borrow to fund your business? Can you 
explain what's going on there? I am confused. 

<A - James Schneider>: It all has to do with tax which we have pretty clearly disclosed in our financial statements, 
that cash that's – or profits that are earned offshore, we consider permanently reinvested offshore. So, to repatriate those 
profits, you would pay a US tax on that net of a foreign tax credit. We could repatriate profits; it would have some tax 
cost to us. We had a one-time window in over a year – a couple of years ago, but that actually reached back further 
when we were smaller internationally. So we were only able to repatriate so much cash at that time. And since then, we 
have generated a lot of foreign cash. Think about it, in the last couple of years – in a year, we bought $4 billion of stock 
back. We didn't generate $4 billion in US income. So, what we did was we ate into all the US income that generated 
cash and we are left with foreign sourced income. So, if you want to use it for share repurchase, you can, but then you 
would have to pay a US tax on it, so, we prefer to borrow some money. Part of it is also – it's not just a share 
repurchase, we're doing more funding with DFS and then intra quarter we can have issues on cash. We could end up by 
the end of the next quarter, not being in a borrowing situation, but we need to have some liquidity. So, we talked about 
this even a quarter ago, there isn't anything really new about this disclosure. 

<A - Kevin Rollins>: It is not that unique from what other companies do as well, Ben. 

<Q - Benjamin Reitzes>: Well, I am just saying that you had a major shift where APAC maybe beat expectations. 
Europe didn't and it seems like the profits of the company obviously have a much different mix than what we thought 
they would be a few quarters ago. I am just wondering if the capital structure and the pace of repurchases and the 
capital structure of Dell is changing as a result of these market dynamics that we have seen. Your comments about 
borrowing seem to be a wake-up call. You guys don't seem to be concerned? 

<A - James Schneider>: Ben, we actually said that last quarter, that we were. So, there is actually nothing new. This is 
just an update to what we said last quarter. 


<Q - Benjamin Reitzes>: All right. All right. And then with regard to the battery recall, can you talk about your efforts 
there to defuse that situation. We have gotten an e-mail here internally about having to turn in our laptops etcetera 
potentially and it doesn't seem like – it seems like companies are taking it more seriously than the average recall. Could 
you talk about, what any – if there is any costs associated with it, that might impact, and if you think it will be a no big 
deal. I know, financially you're getting reimbursed. So, really I am talking, just in terms of demand. And how you 
manage that issue? 

<A - Kevin Rollins>: Well, Ben, I don't think we know exactly, what – how the demand will actually play out. What 
we do believe though is to recall the batteries was the right thing to do. It was – we recalled a lot larger quantity than 
the specific incidence would normally require, because we are dedicated to customer service and support and we don't 
want our customers to believe that we will not do the right thing all the time, no matter what the impact. We are getting 
fairly positive results for that though from the media, from industry analysts, and frankly from customers that are 
having a lot of trust in us doing the right thing. 

For corporations, we are working with each of the companies that we sell to, on a plan for how they will change their 
batteries out. Some will do it in a centralized fashion. Some we will distribute to multiple locations. But that plan, as 
you might imagine takes a little bit of time for us to work out with each one of them. But, we are dedicated to taking 
these batteries off the market as fast as possible and have acquired enough capacity and replacements that we can do 
that in a timely fashion. 

<Q - Benjamin Reitzes>: Jim, can you confirm also was Alienware about 50 million in the quarter in terms of revenue 
contribution? 

<A - James Schneider>: Not on the exact amount. Actually Ben, we just started their consolidated during this quarter. 
But it is relatively small. 

<Q - Benjamin Reitzes>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And your next question comes from the line of Rob Semple, with Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Robert Semple>: Thanks guys. I could understand not wanting to cede any share and potentially waiting to 
harvest some of the profitability and margin down the road, but at what point is the incremental market share that 
you're going after just not worth it? It would seem that it has at least been highly dilutive to date, and does it really 
make sense to try to grow in this environment? Your core market you know being PCs and servers, at least from a 
revenue perspective isn't really doing the whole lot in terms of growth. I was just trying to figure out, if it really is 
worth it to go after that incremental share? 

<A - James Schneider>: Well, I guess the question is; what do you mean by incremental share? I think we were pretty 
clear stating that we wanted to hold or gain share. We are not suggesting we're going after 3x the market growth rate, 
Rob. 

<Q - Robert Semple>: Okay. And then I guess – in terms of your core market, US corporate. And how would you 
characterize that market in terms of underlying demand in the quarter? Was it is worse than expected, and what is your 
outlook going forward? 

<A - James Schneider>: Yes. I think that the market was again healthy if you look at the growth rates as discussed by 
IDC, but they have been slowing. It has been slowing in the US as well. So, I think that you're seeing a modest decline 
in the growth rate that's going on. You have seen pockets of growth; notebooks grew 22% for us this quarter. That's 
been a very hot market for us. It's been moving up. Desktops are declining or a slower market for us. I think that's – 
you're seeing kind of-- in the midst of a overall slowing some good things, and some slower things. 

<Q - Robert Semple>: Okay. Thanks. 


Operator 

And your next question is from the line of Chris Whitmore, with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Chris Whitmore>: Hi, thanks. Good afternoon. In an answer to a previous question you indicated you left some 
money on the table by being too aggressive on pricing. Is there any way to get a feel for the magnitude of that money 
on the table – that you left on the table? At what point or under what timeframe do you expect to get that back? 

<A - Kevin Rollins>: I think this comes through changing some of the pricing structures that we have had, and it will 
kind of come back slowly as we make those moves into the marketplace. We are not in a position to forecast guidance, 
margin improvements at this point in time but we think that these will be positive moves and that we can do better in 
terms of margin realization, but still capture some reasonable market share and stay with the market growth rate. 

<Q - Chris Whitmore>: You talked about a cost savings number of about 3 billion for the year, how much of that has 
been realized? What's on the come in the back half of the fiscal year? And related to the overall cost cutting or 
cost-savings initiatives; why not restructuring, have you looked at restructuring, does restructuring make sense? 

<A - Kevin Rollins>: We don't think restructuring make sense because we think that the investments we need to make 
both in our infrastructure and also in our customer experience were postponed too long. Now is the time to make those 
appropriate investments for building the company long-term. This will be the year when we will be doing that. And so 
while we drive cost improvements, we also are putting investments back into the company in places like infrastructure, 
places like customer service and support that will be important for the next five years. 

Operator 

And your next question comes from the line of Andrew Neff with Bear Stearns. 

<Q - Andrew Neff>: Thanks. Just two things if I could. One is if you could talk about the storage side of the business 
and just that sort of stood out in terms of growth. Was there anything in particular driving that? And secondly, relative 
to storage, were there any sort of arrangements with – selling arrangements with EMC to direct business to you that 
EMC would have taken otherwise? 

<A - Kevin Rollins>: Well, I don't think as a main strategy there is that kind of approach at all, Andy. We have a very 
good relationship with EMC and whenever we work together it is because we think working together will win the 
business. And so – that is how those decisions are made of whether or not we take revenue, they take revenue; it is how 
do you win it? What does the customer what us to do? We had a good quarter in overall midrange storage with our 
CLARiiON business that continues to grow nicely as does the software associated with VMware. This was the first 
quarter we were really able to bring that full product – new CX product line into the business as there was a transition 
in the Q1, Q2 timeframe. And so we are very happy with the product line we have now and believe that that's just going 
to continue to be a very positive story for us as customers continue to need more and more storage. 

<Q - Andrew Neff>: Were there any implication in terms of operating income? Did that track the revenue growth in 
that side of the business or can you give us any sense about that relative to the other businesses? 

<A - Kevin Rollins>: It's a profitable business for us. The CLARiiON midrange storage is good, but we haven't been 
breaking out profitability on it, Andy. 

<Q - Andrew Neff>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

And your next question comes from the line of Bill Fearnley with FTN Midwest Securities. 


<Q - William Fearnley>: Yes, good afternoon. Two questions on the expense side here. How should we be thinking 
about the operating expense trend going forward? And the reason I asked that is because a number of your initiatives 
you're starting here; are we seeing a negative effect on the OpEx line because of start-up costs for some of these 
initiatives which will dissipate over time? Or do you think this is something that's going to be elevated for the 
near-term as you start up multiple initiatives? And then I have a follow up, thanks. 

<A - Kevin Rollins>: If you actually look at OpEx right now as a percent of revenue, it is higher than it has been in 
some periods in the past, and I'm talking about this quarter. So, I think some of the investments that we're making will 
put some pressure on operating expense, and then we hope that over time these investments will pay off, and we will 
actually be able to take it back down to levels that maybe are closer to what you saw in the past. Again, I think in the 
near-term though you won't see that. 

Operator 

And your next question comes from line of Louis Miscioscia with Cowen and Company. 

<Q - Louis Miscioscia>: Okay. Thank you. I wanted to ask a question, one of the things that always made Dell very 
unique was your build to order capabilities in your desktops as the market starts to or continues to shift to notebooks 
and the Taiwanese are making roughly 75% of the worldwide notebooks, how can you regain the high ground as this 
secular shift occurs? I have one follow-up. 

<A - Kevin Rollins>: Well, we have been making notebooks for a long time. So that's been part of our overall 
business. I will invite Michael to comment a little bit more on this one too, but I think it's basically having – improving 
the design. We have recently launched a whole new line of our corporate desktops, the best in the history of the 
company and second to none. We have recently launched a number of XPS, mobility and notebook products, which are 
top of the line and getting awards from PC World and a number of others in terms of their performance, design, and 
feature set. So, I think really the issue has been one of cost, cost, cost. Well that id still important and we have got our 
direct model that still delivers great cost. Features and benefits and styling is becoming more important in that space. 

<A - Michael Dell>: Yes, we are the world leader in the notebook market. In the business market, we have about the 
same share as the number two and number three companies combined in this market. And our competitors are ahead in 
the consumer space. The business market we think has much better long-term profitability characteristics, but the 
supply chain that we have for notebooks with our operations in Malaysia we believe delivers solid profitability. 
Granted, there has been some erosion as competitors have improved their models a bit, but we're still maintaining 
healthy profits in that business and got a number of strategies that we are investigating to look for breakthroughs to take 
that even further. 

<Q - Louis Miscioscia>: Okay. Thank you. Then just one quick follow-up on the switch to AMD on the desktops, was 
it mainly trying to get your cost down or to say it was more so because customers were requesting it? 

<A - Kevin Rollins>: Well, I would say there was a third reason too as we announced with our server product line. I 
think one of the reasons that we have been possibly slowing down and not gaining the share we had in the server 
product line is we didn't have all of the products that the customers wanted. Granted the new Woodcrest processors that 
we're seeing from Intel are very good, they have a good roadmap, we're happy with the technology, but we have been 
out of the AMD technology market all along the growth of that business. And so, technology is a big one. Customers, 
obviously, are wanting that technology. So, we listen to them now. And then, the third issue is the overall cost issue and 
it benefits us and our customers by having multiple suppliers. And so, that's what we're doing. 

Operator 

We will now take our final question from Brian Alexander with Raymond James. 


<Q - Brian Alexander>: Yes. Just a couple of questions, you talked about pricing too aggressively several times. I was 
just wondering; why do you think your competition seemed unaffected or did not notice the pricing actions you took 
during the quarter? 

<A - Kevin Rollins>: Well, I think part of the reason is we priced in situations where it didn't really affect the 
competitive environment and so we either did it badly or were too aggressive. And so, I think that has something to do 
with it but again I think if you look at the overall share gains, we gained share worldwide, we gained share big in 
Europe and big in Asia, so to some extent elasticity did occur. 

<Q - Brian Alexander>: So, if we just kind of conclude with – I am just trying to better understand how fixable the 
pricing issues are as I think several of us are. So, how much of the changes that you're making to pricing are related to 
personnel changes versus philosophical changes in pricing strategy or maybe changes in the systems and tools that you 
use to monitor pricing on a real-time basis. Is this a case of poor decision-making or lack of the appropriate tools to 
make the decision? 

<A - Kevin Rollins>: No, I think it's a little more complicated than that. Obviously, margins are driven by prices as 
well as costs. And so, you have to have both of them to be able to have great visibility and forecasting skills. 

Second thing is, there are methodologies, which work for a number of years, which have allowed us to have pretty 
good forecasting capability and price prediction, that we don't think work as well and so we're changing those 
methodologies, they are not philosophies so much as they are methodologies of how you determine the best way to get 
volume, create demand and get share. And so, we have made some major announcements at least here in the US on 
changing from our promotion priced focus strategy to much more of an everyday low-price strategy and weaning 
ourselves off of promotion. That has very positive impact on customers and on our overall profitability. So, that's one 
methodology change. 

We've got others that are proprietary within our corporate business and within our other segments that we'll be 
implementing this quarter and in the future. 

<Q - Brian Alexander>: And then just lastly for Jim the share repurchase in the second quarter and the third quarter a 
billion is the lowest we have seen in five quarters. Yet, the stock price is lower now than it was then. Why not buyback 
more stock and how much of this is due to the repatriation issue versus maybe just a recalibration of share repurchases 
due to a lower level of expected cash flow? 

<A - James Schneider>: Well I think if you go back historically we have probably not purchased more than a billion 
in most quarters. In fact it has been less than that. Then we had a few quarters where we spent more. Yes there is some 
consideration that some of the cash and liquidity issues – some were just even on the market issues it is not to say that 
we could not spend more. We usually take this quarter-by-quarter so it is still under consideration Brian. 

<Q - Brian Alexander>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And we will now turn the call over to Mr. Dell for closing remarks 

Michael S. Dell, Chairman 

All right, thank you everyone for joining us today. While we had – we gained share in the key markets worldwide and 
achieved record market share of 19.3% this quarter, we're not satisfied with our performance and we will do better. 
We're focused on dramatic improvements in customer service and support. We announced today that we are expanding 
our investments in this area and we're seeing solid progress. Lastly, we're focused on improving our cost position and 
product leadership. Our announcements today are another step in that direction and increase our belief that we will exit 
this year with the most technically advanced product line in our history. Kevin, Jim and I are confident that we're 


making the right long-term decisions for our customers and our shareholders, and we look forward to seeing all of you 
and talking more about this at our upcoming September analyst meeting. Thank you. 

Operator 

And this concludes today's conference call, we appreciate your participation. You may disconnect at this time. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2014, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


