Q2 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Jason Kiser, Treasurer 
• R. Stanton Dodge, Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary 
Other Participants 

• Jeffrey Wlodarczak 
• Tom Cullen 
• Bernard Han 
• Vijay Jayant 
• Marci Ryvicker 
• Spencer Wang 
• Robert Olson 
• Tuna Amobi 
• Paul Orban 
• Ingrid Chung 
• Craig Moffett 
• Bryan Kraft 
• Douglas Mitchelson 
• Thomas Eagan 
• Jason Bazinet 
• Benjamin Swinburne 
• Todd Mitchell 
• Abe Brachine 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

My name is Sean and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the DISH 
Network's Corporation Q2 2009 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. 

Mr. Kiser, you may begin your conference. 

Jason Kiser, Treasurer 

All right, thanks, Sean. Well thanks for joining us. My name's Jason Kiser and I'm the Treasurer here at DISH Network. 
I'm joined today by Tom Cullen, Executive Vice President; Bernie Han, our COO; Robert Olson, our CFO; Paul Orban, 
our Controller; and Stanton Dodge, our General Counsel. 

Before we open it up for Q&A, we do need to do our Safe Harbor disclosure, so for that, I will turn it over to Stan. 

R. Stanton Dodge, Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary 

Thanks, Jason, and good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us. As you all know, we invite media to 
participate in listen-only mode on the call and ask that you not identify participants or their firms in your reports. We 
also do not allow audio taping and ask that you respect that. 

All statements we make during this call that are not statements of historical fact constitute forward-looking statements, 
which involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause our actual results to be 
materially different from historical results and from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking 
statements. For a list of those factors, please refer to the front of our 10-Q. 

All cautionary statements that we make during this call should be understood as being applicable to any 
forward-looking statements we make, wherever they appear. You should carefully consider the risks described in our 
reports and should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. We assume no responsibility for 
updating any forward-looking statements. 

With that out of the way, I'll turn it back over to Jason. 

Jason Kiser, Treasurer 

Thanks, Stanton. And Sean, we're going to do straight into Q&A, so you can open up the lines. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Very good. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jeff Wlodz – I'm sorry, Wlodarczak from 
Hudson Square [Hudson Square Research]. Your line is open. 

<Q - Jeffrey Wlodarczak>: Hey guys, good morning. This is the first time subscriber churn was down year-over-year 
in two years. Can you provide more color on what came together this quarter to drive the much-better-than-expected 
churn result? And do you feel like you've turned the corner on your involuntary churn issues? And then I'll have one 
follow-up. 

<A - Tom Cullen>: All right, Jeff, this Tom. I'd say they did an equally bad job with your name on this call as well. 

<Q - Jeffrey Wlodarczak>: Yeah, exactly. 

<A - Tom Cullen>: Yeah, the churn is – there's a few things contributing to it. One of it is obviously we hope that our 
focus on improving the customer experience is beginning to have an effect. But as you know, it's also related to 
previous promotional period activity from a year ago. So both of those, in combination I think, are what's driving it. At 
this point, we're encouraged by the early returns, but we still have a long ways to go. 

<A - Bernard Han>: Right, and we – and this is Bernie. We mentioned I think on the last call that, at least over the last 
several quarters we had been increasing the amount of retention spend within the company, and we think some of what 
we are seeing now is a result of the efforts that took place in prior quarters with respect to retention activity and making 
sure that we get good quality customers on the front end. 

<Q - Jeffrey Wlodarczak>: So looking forward, in the short and medium term, is there any reason beyond the 
economy re-weakening why the year-over-year churn improvements would reverse? 

<A - Tom Cullen>: As you know, it's our policy not to provide guidance, so we can't really comment on anything 
beyond June 30, but as I said, at every level of management, we are focused on improving the customer experience. It's 
very – an intense focus at this point, and we would hope to be able to continue to show improvement in that area. 

<Q - Jeffrey Wlodarczak>: Okay. And then on TiVo, can you give us your latest thought there? And then, how is the 
most recent patent ruling different from the last patent ruling that was in your favor and that ended up being reversed? 


Thanks. 

<A - R. Stanton Dodge, Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary>: So – and this is Stanton. So I 
guess I'll take the second question first and if you want to add any specificity on your first question I'd be happy to 
answer anything. But the decision from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office last week we viewed favorable in a 
couple regards. One, the Patent and Trademark Office ruled, at least initially, that the construction of the patent was 
similar to what we had believed it was, which was on the parsing claims, that it requires start-code detection and 
indexing, and with respect to the flow control claims, it requires blocking. And basically, when we redesigned around 
TiVo's patent, that is what we had in mind. 

So we think it supports, one, that our redesign was more than colorability different than the original devices, because 
quite frankly, what the Patent and Trademark Office found is exactly what TiVo argued to the jury. So if we took out 
those two features, which we did in the design-around, we say to ourselves, how could it not be more than colorability 
different? 

Additionally, we believe, because we took that stuff out, it no longer infringes the patent. And then finally, because we 
took those things out, we believe that it shows we actually acted in good faith in that design round attempt, and 
therefore, we shouldn't be subject to any sanctions, even if it – for contempt – even if our design round is found to 
actually infringe down the road. 

<Q - Jeffrey Wlodarczak>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant from Barclays Capital. 

Your line is open. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: Thank you. A couple questions. First, can you just talk about some of the genesis on – in reading 
the 10-Q, it suggests that now DISH is liable for the full TiVo amount of DISH – is a big amount there. I thought it was 
prospectively who's going to be SAS first, I think Jan. 1, '08. I just wanted some – so, how that sort of came about? 

Second, I think Echo 5 went out of commercial service. Was there any commercial – consumer impact from that? Did 
you lose any channels, or any refunds, or anything associated with that? Thank you. 

<A - R. Stanton Dodge, Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary>: Okay. So I'll hit the TiVo 
question first. When we actually – both of the companies, DISH and SATS, went back and looked at the actual 
agreements related to the time of the spin and determined that, based on those, DISH is responsible for the vast 
majority of any damages or sanctions that would be awarded by the court. And SATS has agreed to effectively pony up 
limits of its indemnification obligations under the agreement, pursuant to which DISH buys receivers from SATS. 

<A - Tom Cullen>: Vijay, this is Tom. On the Echo 5 issue, fortunately, it did have very little impact on the customer 
base. We had previously known there were some issues with the satellite, and fuel consumption was ahead of previous 
schedule due to some movements. So we had migrated the vast majority of the customer base. It was literally in the 
single thousands of customers that were impacted, and we've since moved that program and – to accommodate the vast 
majority of those. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: If I could ask a follow-up. Any color on any impact from digital transition in the quarter? Some 
folks have tried to put a number around it. If you could do so, it would be great. Thank you. 

<A - Tom Cullen>: Yeah, unfortunately I won't be able to put a precise number around it. But clearly, we did see a 
positive impact. We can measure that in call volumes in and around June 12. The difficulty in putting a precise number 
around it is that, during the quarter, we implemented a number of things, and just as a – kind of serendipitously, the 
completion of our card swap occurred very close in time to the digital transition. So those two things occurring at the 
same time make it difficult to isolate which was driving how much. But clearly, the two of those had a positive impact 


for us. 

In addition, during the quarter, as you know, we changed our approach in advertising quite a bit, and we think the 
tonality and the value message that we're driving through advertising is also an impact. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Marci Ryvicker from Wells Fargo. Your line is open. 

<Q - Marci Ryvicker>: Thanks. I have two questions. First, your thought process on share repurchases? It looks like 
you didn't repurchase anything this quarter. Can you comment on that? 

And then secondly, you have a marketing campaign particularly targeting DIRECTV. How effective has it been, and is 
any of your subscriber gains coming from DIRECTV? 

<A - Jason Kiser, Treasurer>: Sure. This is Jason, I'll take the first. On the share repurchase, this is the same question 
we've gotten several quarters in a row and our position really hasn't changed. It's – really comes down to capital 
allocation for us, and trying to figure out what we think, at least at the time, is the best use of the next dollar that we've 
got available to us. So, I mean, there's a lot of things. The stock has traded cheap at times, there's been times we've been 
in the market prior. And the thing that – of it that most people don't see is the – kind of the strategic elements that we're 
working at and what they may require from a capital standpoint. 

So when you take all that in context, we tend to operate in a world where we use 10b5-1 plans. You put them in place 
early, you have to strike a price on those at a level that you're comfortable with, given the other things that you're 
looking at in the business and the timing and which those may occur. And a lot of times in those cases, you can be 
looking at things and they're on the table for a long time, they – some of them don't come to fruition, some of them 
come to fruition, but in any case, you have to be ready for them. And especially these days where the capital markets 
haven't always been either accessible, or at least haven't been favorable, you want to make sure that you're in a position 
to act on the things that you want to take advantage of in the business. 

So, we've taken a pretty conservative route on what that means towards the share repurchase, but it is something that 
we constantly evaluate as well as the rest of the capital structure. 

<A - Tom Cullen>: And Marci, this is Tom. On the marketing campaign, it's no secret, we are in a fiercely competitive 
marketplace, and so there are share shifts occurring between and among all competitors. The campaign that we've been 
running recently is, as I said earlier, really trying to reinforce the comparative value of DISH to other multi-channel 
providers. It's not our only tactic in the marketplace. We're also driving calls through direct response television and 
other tactics. 

We are seeing – it's still a recessionary environment. Consumers are belt-tightening and they're looking for value, and 
we think we're well-positioned to reinforce that message. 

And we're also seeing that customers are increasingly hungry for information and education. We can certainly measure 
the time and the – the traffic to our website and the time customers spend on our website, tied to our advertising spend. 
So that tells us that customers are really looking for – this is an informed decision that they're making when they're 
selecting a pay TV provider. 

<Q - Marci Ryvicker>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Spencer Wang from Credit Suisse. Your line is open. 


<Q - Spencer Wang>: Thanks, and good morning. So the subscriber-related expenses were up about 7.6% 
year-over-year, and I know in the Q, you guys cited programming cost increases as well as the investments in the call 
centers and customer retention. So was just wondering if you could give us a little bit more color on how much of that 
increase was the programming cost side, versus the investment in the call centers and customer retention? 

And then – and then just on churn really quickly, I know Nagravision 3 has helped your gross adds. I was wondering if 
that's been a positive impact for churn as well? Thank you. 

<A - Robert Olson>: So Spencer, this is Robert. On your first question, we don't typically break out the details. We 
have mentioned in the past that programming expense is up year-over-year slightly faster than rate of inflation. We 
haven't – have mentioned also that we are investing in our call centers to improve our customer service. And that's 
about the extent of that. Tom, you want to handle the churn question? 

<A - Tom Cullen>: Yeah, just to clarify, we have completed a large slate of programming renewals in the last eight 
months, as well as all the retrans, and we're pretty comfortable that we're in line with what others are experiencing as 
reported. 

As far as the churn on Nagravision, I'm not sure what the question was. But we have completed the card swap. We 
clearly – pirates – former pirates don't identify themselves when they call up to subscribe, so it's hard to isolate exactly 
how much of that is driven by that. I don't – could you clarify your question on the churn piece? 

<Q - Spencer Wang>: Yeah. I was just wondering if you guys had a sense, were people churning off before because 
they were able to pirate the service? I know it's a tough thing to quantify, but if you had a rough sense? And so maybe, 
as you'd made the transition to Nagravision 3 


<A - Tom Cullen>: Yeah 


<Q - Spencer Wang>: – I mean, if that 


<A - Tom Cullen>: – I don't have an answer for that. Obviously security is important to everybody in the industry, so 
as everyone's system becomes secure, it helps all of us. 

<Q - Spencer Wang>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Tuna Amobi from Standard & Poor's Equity Group. Your line is open. 

<Q - Tuna Amobi>: Thanks a lot. So I guess, one of the factors you cited for the subscriber growth this quarter, in 
addition to digital television and the swap out, I think was the sales and marketing. And presumably that arose mostly 
from the 9.99 offer which I believe you commenced in February. So the question is, how much of that was a factor, if 
you can put color around that, for Q2? And – that would be helpful. 

And separately, with regard to your – the source of your adds, I was wondering if, in Charter – Charter territory, you 
saw some kind of lift from the subscriber trends there, particularly given that your peer, DIRECTV, it seemed like they 
were running some aggressive advertising in those territories and I believe they ended up settling with Charter. So just 
some color around what you saw in those areas and – that would be helpful. Thanks. 

<A - Tom Cullen>: Okay, Tuna. This is Tom. First of all, the 9.99, clearly second quarter was the first quarter where 
you saw the full effect across all three months. However, as I think I mentioned on the last call, it's effective in ringing 
the phones, but very few customers are actually getting in – signing up at 9.99. For instance, we've modified the 
advertising shortly after launching it to reflect the inclusion of locals and promoted more around 14.99. 

That being said, we did think it had a positive impact in growing the gross add number. We're continuing to grow our 
direct sales channel, but we're very fortunate, the retailer and distributor base, as well as our existing teleco partner 
base, is very engaged with us right now. And you probably saw, we've modified the offer at 8/1. 


<Q - Tuna Amobi>: Yes. 

<A - Tom Cullen>: As for Charter, I'd – I would say, on the margin we saw a little bit, but it's not material. 

<Q - Tuna Amobi>: Okay. And if I can have one follow-up. On – can you update us on the HD channels? I think – 
believe you guys are well north of 100 channels, and you've been quietly launching those. Can you tell us where you 
stand now, and where – how much of a kind of a pull-through that you're seeing in terms of HD national? 

<A - Tom Cullen>: I don't – honestly don't have the exact number in front of me because we're adding stuff literally 
every week. We launched a number last week, for instance, in Puerto Rico. We do feel that we have a lead in HD now, 
both nationally and in local markets. We anticipate, with future satellite launches, we'll be able to continue that march 
in the local markets. It's obvious, more and more consumers are buying HD and subscribing with HD in mind. So we 
think we're positioned for the future, but it's also a bit of an arms race, where everybody else is trying to achieve parity 
in the marketplace. 

<Q - Tuna Amobi>: Thank you. 

<A - Paul Orban>: And as far as HD penetration goes, as in the past, we don't disclose that, but fair to say that our HD 
penetration for existing and new customers has been growing, as it has been for all of our competitors. 

<Q - Tuna Amobi>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Ingrid Chung from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 

<Q - Ingrid Chung>: Good morning. Thank you. So I've two questions, mainly around credit. First, recently DTV said 
that they've – they're tightening credit going forward. How's your credit standards varied, this year versus last? 

And then secondly, you can correct me if I'm wrong here, but I think you've gone to a policy of allowing debit cards? I 
was wondering if that's opened a whole new market for you and what kind of impact that's had on your gross adds. 

<A - Bernard Han>: Yeah, I think – I mean in general, as I alluded to earlier, we alluded to earlier, we're always – on 
the existing customer side, we're always try to fine tune how much we're spending on retention and whether we're 
spending too much or two little. And clearly, there was a phase a couple years ago where we thought we were spending 
too little and we've been slowly ramping that up. 

With respect to new customers, a similar exercise, with respect to making sure that we're getting good quality 
customers. We don't want to just drive growth in activations for the sake of short-term subscriber numbers. We're 
trying to make sure our subscribers that we take on are going to be a net positive value over the course of their lives. So 
we do make adjustments from time to time about various forms of payment that we take for the purpose of qualifying 
customers. We do make adjustments from time to time about the credit scores that we set, in terms of thresholds. 
Besides that, I don't think we'll get into more specifics about where we set those thresholds. 

<Q - Ingrid Chung>: Okay. And I was also wondering if you could comment on the monthly trends in the quarter, 
too? Typically June's probably your weakest month out of the quarter, but given the digital transition and the end of the 
anti-piracy initiative and your marketing, it seems to make sense if June was your strongest month out of the quarter, 
and I was wondering if you carried that momentum going into July? 

<A - Bernard Han>: Again, as Tom alluded to, we don't give any forward guidance. He's already mentioned that two 
of the events that we could distinguish, which were the digital transition and the completion of our security system 
replacement, were completed in the month of June. 

<Q - Ingrid Chung>: Okay. All right, great. Thanks. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Craig Moffett from Sanford Bernstein. Your line is open. 

<Q - Craig Moffett>: Good morning. Two questions. First, a question for Stanton. The – TiVo has asked for close to 
$1 billion in the compensatory and punitive damages phase. In a worst-case scenario, where Judge Folsom were to rule 
in TiVo's favor, how would you go about financing that? Is that – looking your balance sheet, that's equal to pretty 
close to all of your cash and marketable securities on hand, so – you mention in the Q that you might have to raise 
capital. I'm wondering if you could say some more about that? 

And then second, a different question about capital. You just mentioned a few minutes ago your potential strategic 
initiatives that you look at. Are you referring to wireless as that option, and could you say more about what that might 
entail? 

<A - R. Stanton Dodge, Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary>: Sure – so, thanks, Craig. On 
the first question, one, as I said, we think that the fact that we acted in good faith should result in zero, if you will, 
kicker from a sanctions perspective, but even if Judge Folsom disagrees with us on that, we've taken issue with TiVo's 
calculation of what the appropriate amount should be. And really, beyond that, there's just so many ways it could 
actually shake out, we'd just rather not speculate at this time until we actually have a number from the judge and cross 
the bridge at that time. 

And related to that, it looks like we will have a number before the Federal Circuit hears the appeal, which they're trying 
to schedule in November, but the judge has – the trial judge, Judge Folsom – has stayed in position of those sanctions 
until after the entire appeal is resolved. 

<Q - Craig Moffett>: So you would have the number, but you wouldn't actually have to raise the capital potentially – 
if there were a capital raise requirement, you wouldn't have to do that until after the appeal? 

<A - R. Stanton Dodge, Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary>: Well, we wouldn't have to 
pay any money or post a bond until after the appeal. 

<Q - Craig Moffett>: Understand, okay. And with respect to the strategic initiatives that you're talking about, that you 
mentioned in the conversation about share repurchases and what else you'd consider? 

<A - Jason Kiser, Treasurer>: Yeah, and that was in reference to nothing in particular, Craig. That was just to give 
you the – the original question was how we think about it, and it's main – the answer was intended to be, to mainly 
keep our powder dry on things. 

<Q - Craig Moffett>: Well could you talk about, then, what you're thinking about in terms of wireless and the 
700-megahertz spectrum and update us on that a bit? 

<A - Tom Cullen>: Yeah, sure, Craig. This is Tom. You won't see any material spending around the 700-megahertz in 
the short run. We are doing some preliminary network testing in a single market, just to better understand what the 
eventual build out cost will be, propagation, coverage, interference, all those types of things. We – so we have an 
engineering team and a small team working on 700, but it's not something you'll see significant public activity around 
for quite awhile. 

<Q - Craig Moffett>: And the product you're thinking about is presumably a mobile video product, is that right? Or is 
it a – does it include some level of a data component? 

<A - Tom Cullen>: The first iteration that we're viewing is a mobile video product. 

<Q - Craig Moffett>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 


Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Kraft from Cross Research. Your line is open. 

<Q - Bryan Kraft>: Hi, thank you. A couple questions. One, just want to see if you could comment on how the 
deployment of the new smart cards affected expenses during the quarter? 

Second, also wanted to know if you could talk a little bit about when the cycle of investment in the call centers might 
end, and when you could start to realize some more scale off that investment? 

And then lastly, how do you think the long-term margin structure of the company is going to be affected by what 
appears to be a need to discount more and spend more on retention in order to improve subscriber metrics? Thank you. 

<A - Robert Olson>: Yeah. Bryan, this is Robert. Let me kind of hit on your last two questions. As far as the cycle of 
customer service spend, we, I think, talked about this a couple quarters ago. It was third or fourth quarter of last year 
was when we started putting more focus on the – on customer service, and as a result, that's when the spend went up. 

Now regarding your question on long-term margins, obviously that's not something we comment on, but it is something 
that we obviously are working on very hard, and working on very hard on our business model and business rules, on 
how to keep the customer service level at high levels, and drive cost down. So it's not an easy thing, and maybe Bernie 
can comment more about that, but it's simply – you have to take each business rule and look at it in detail to figure out 
how to restructure it to be a lower cost. 

<A - Bernard Han>: Well first of all, with respect to the smart card question, the costs of actually implementing the 
smart cards over the course of the last 12 months was expensed as we went along, so they've been reflected in our 
financials. And I would say largely, they're relatively small in the scheme of things. 

One thing of note going forward is that, how we account for smart cards in the future will be a little bit different than in 
the past, based on the structure of our current agreement. Is that right? Okay? No? All right. Never mind. 

We may change from – right now, the cost of a card is actually reflected in the cost of a receiver, and hence, it's 
embedded in our SAT cost, and we may switch to a scheme in which it's reflected as a variable cost, or a 
subscriber-related cost, going forward. So that's on – with respect to smart cards. 

With respect to our spending on customer service and how it's impacting our margin, we're clearly trying to do things – 
we're focusing first on improving customer service. Ultimately, we want to improve customer service and contain our 
costs. I think a lot of what we've seen – we've talked about spending more on retention, and that's something we 
evaluate from time to time, to see whether or not we're spending enough or not spending enough. 

With respect to the other big bucket that we've talked about in our Q and talked about on this call, which is our call 
center operations, part of the increase in cost is because we are taking more phone calls, and part of that is because, 
gradually, over time, our business has become a little bit more complex, particularly over the last three or four years. 
And keeping customers educated, keeping our agents and employees educated about all these new channels of 
distribution, all these new types of equipment, all these new packages, all these new fees, all these new promotions, 
with – we've – we probably haven't kept up in terms of explaining those things and describing those things. So it drives 
a lot of questions, a lot of confusion from customers. So we're trying to do a better job with respect to that. 

Besides call volumes going up ever so slightly, the amount of time on an average call has gone up by quite a bit. And 
that is partly our investment, we feel, in the business. We are trying to spend more time on phone calls to make sure we 
give proper disclosures and we set expectations properly at the start of a sale or at the start of a transaction. What we 
have found is that we haven't done the best job at making sure customers know what the – what their bill is going to 
look like when they sign up for DISH, or after they do an upgrade, or after they change programming. We haven't done 
the best job with respect to setting expectations as to what their equipment is going to be, and whether or not we're 
matching their needs, based on what they tell us. And we haven't done the best job with respect to making sure that 
we're picking the right programming package based on the channels that they like to watch. 

So as a result, we are spending more time on our phone calls trying to set those expectations properly up front. That 
obviously costs us some money in terms of longer talk time on the original calls, but we're hoping that that will 


eventually result in fewer phone calls, because customers won't be as confused and their expectations won't be – their 
expectations will be set properly. So those – generally, those are the things that are driving the call costs going on right 
now. We have more calls because of the complexity of the business, and we've got to get better at explaining that and 
making our business simple, quite honestly, and we're spending a lot of effort right now trying to get our rules and our 
promotions and our pricing and our packages simpler. And then part of it is higher talk time, because we're trying to do 
a better job of setting expectations to the customer. 

<Q - Bryan Kraft>: Okay, great. Thanks so much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: Thanks. Hi, gentlemen. A couple. First, you sort of touched on churn in that, you made a 
comment that you've been, over time, increasing retention spending, but because of the significant change in the quarter 
were improved, was there specifically a change in retention strategies during or leading into 2Q that might have helped 
churn? 

<A - Tom Cullen>: Nothing 


<A - Bernard Han>: I don't think so, Doug. 

<A - Tom Cullen>: Nothing abrupt. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: So it was more, sort of the end of a bunch of different cycles, sort of hitting at the same 
time? 

<A - Jason Kiser, Treasurer>: I'd say that's the case. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: And then on – I think in the Q, you mentioned that EchoStar 12 had some anomalies? But 
it wasn't quite clear whether it was a significant or not. Any comments you can make there? 

<A - Tom Cullen>: Nothing significant. Echo 5 was the big story for the quarter. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: And on 5, is there anything to – left to write down, or was that fully depreciated? 

<A - Tom Cullen>: Fully depreciated. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: So that one was fine. And then last question, again, I mean you don't want to talk about 
forward-looking, but this is pretty innocuous. How far along on the cost efficiency cycle do you think you are for 
MPEG-4 DVRs? I mean, like what inning are we in for bringing the cost of those down as they scale? Because it's been 
a couple years now. 

<A - Jason Kiser, Treasurer>: Yeah, I think we're still in the early innings, would be my view. Tom, do you see -? 

<A - Tom Cullen>: We're constantly working with our vendor on cost reductions on all of our set-top boxes. But the 
MPEG-4 activity is ramping. I don't know how you would categorize that in terms of a baseball analogy. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: Well I guess I was probably thinking dollar amount of cost, where we were when we 
started a couple years ago, versus where we might end up, and – it seems like we're a little bit more than halfway there 
but there's more to go, and I just wanted to confirm that you all thought there was still further efficiencies to squeeze 
out of that box. 

Great, all right. That's it. Thanks. 

<A - Tom Cullen>: Thanks, Doug. I didn't mean to avoid it. I just don't know how to answer it specifically. But we're 
constantly working on cost reductions in the boxes, and I think it's incremental. 


<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: Well, I was going with the baseball analogy, because I was guessing, if I asked you where 
you thought the price could go and where you were at now, you probably wouldn't answer that, so. 
<A - Tom Cullen>: Yeah. 
<A - Jason Kiser, Treasurer>: That is correct. 
<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: All right. Thanks. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Tom Eagan from Collins Stewart. Your line is open. 
<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Great, thank you very much. I guess, two questions. First, you mentioned about continuing to 


improve the customer experience. So does that mean that the bulk of the churn reduction in the quarter was a decline in 
the voluntary churn rate, versus involuntary? And then I have a second. Thanks. 
<A - Tom Cullen>: Yeah, well, there has been improvement in the voluntary churn rate, but clearly, we're still in a 


recessionary time, and there is – it's not like involuntary churn has gone away, I will tell you that much. 
<Q - Thomas Eagan>: So do you think that the bigger reduction was more a reduction in involuntary, or in voluntary? 
<A - Robert Olson>: Yeah, I think in – voluntary. 
<A - Tom Cullen>: More on the voluntary side than the involuntary side. 
<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Right, okay. And then secondly, DIRECTV noticed in their call that there was a significant 


decline in the number of premium subscribers, which impacted their ARPU. HBO, Showtime, and Starz. Did you see 


that, too? And what penetration rate do you have – of your subs, in the premium nets? 
<A - Tom Cullen>: Yeah, Tom, we've definitely seen some softness in both pay-per-view and premium, and as I said 
earlier, we're in this environment of belt-tightening, and wherever a customer can look to save some money, we're 
seeing some percentage of customers looking for that. So that's consistent. 


As far as our premium penetrations, we haven't disclosed that historically, and we're not going to now, either. 


<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Sure. Any sense of the drop from Q2 last year to this year? Like, is that like a 5% drop in 
penetration, or? 
<A - Tom Cullen>: We haven't broken it out. 
<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Okay. Thank you. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet from Citi. Your line is open. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Thanks so much. I may be missing some nuance in the Q related to the TiVo litigation, so 
maybe you all could clarify a bit. It seems like there's sort of three separate things that were said. One, that DISH 
agreed to sort of indemnify EchoStar for the liability. Second, that the liability seems to have been capped at 5 million 
related to the receiver agreement. And then it goes on to say that the liability sort of isn't capped. And so I got more 
confused after reading it than I thought I was before the Q came out. So can you just sort of reconcile those items? 

<A - R. Stanton Dodge, Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary>: Sure. So it's actually pretty 
simple. DISH has agreed to indemnify SATS for any liability resulting from the TiVo litigation. SATS has agreed to 
pay DISH $5 million 



<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Yeah. 

<A - R. Stanton Dodge, Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary>: – related to that. And if there 
is any intellectual property resulting from a successful new design-around, DISH and SATS have agreed that they 
would jointly own that and have cross licenses to that technology. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Okay, got it. Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Benjamin Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Thanks. Good morning, guys, Tom, if I went – go back, ask the MPEG question – 
MPEG-4 question a little differently, you guys have been migrating your MPEG-2 HD customer base over I believe to 
MPEG-4, and so I just wanted to know how far along you were on that front. You can use a baseball analogy or not, 
but anything would be helpful there. 

<A - Tom Cullen>: How about a little [inaudible] I don't – I defer to Bernie, whether we've broken it out specifically. 

<A - Bernard Han>: No, we have not. But we have said – I think we've talked about two types of equipment 
technology transitions. One is going from different forms of encryption, which is – I'm sorry, modulation, which is 
going from QPSK going to 8PSK, and with respect to that – with respect to that transition, while we're not close to the 
finish, I'd say the bulk of our receivers that are out in the field today are 8PSK modulation. 

With respect to encoding, which is the MPEG-2 to MPEG-4, we're much closer to the beginning than we are to the end 
in terms of getting our entire customer base to MPEG-4. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Okay. Does the 8PSK upgrade, is that a software download, or is that a whole new box? 

<A - Bernard Han>: That's a whole new box. So a box is either a QPSK or 8PSK. Both of those eventually, if you 
ever got to a world where all of your boxes were 8PSK, you could broadcast your signal in 8PSK only and you could 
realize some bandwidth savings. And likewise, when you get from MPEG-2 to MPEG-4, which is still a long ways off, 
you could send all your signals in MPEG-4 encoding and save even more bandwidth. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Got you. And Tom, it looked like the retention marketing, at least the capitalized piece, 
fell to like 30 to 35 million in this quarter, which is a pretty low number, considering you guys are increasing your 
spend there. I was just – wanted to know if there was any color? Was that recycled boxes from churned customers, or, I 
mean 


<A - Robert Olson>: Yeah, Benjamin, this is Robert. It was indeed a higher percentage of re-manufactured receivers. 
The other thing on retention CapEx spending is we typically do have a higher first quarter, because we have available 
installation techs – more available installation techs in the first quarter to do that retention CapEx work. So it's not 
unusual to see second quarter a little bit lower than first quarter. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Got you. 

<A - Tom Cullen>: I think that, Ben, retention's one of the areas where we're constantly revisiting and responding to 
what's going on in the competitive market. So it's difficult to assume that, A, things were consistent throughout a 
quarter, and B, the speed at which we might make changes going forward. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Understood. And then I just wanted to ask you, in the markets where you had AT&T as 
a partner, I don't know, I mean, there are a couple quarters where you're a quarter and a half away. How far are you 
from getting back to sort of flat, on a distribution basis, in those markets? Are you – I'm sure you've ramped other 
channels, direct sales, your independents, but is that – are you getting closer to the point now where you've made up 
that lost channel, or is that still a ways away? 


<A - Tom Cullen>: I don't think we'll give specifics, but as I said, we have put a concerted effort into growing our 
direct sales channel, which I – I'm pleased with the progress we're making. But more importantly, we've put a high 
value on the relationships we have with the distributors, retailers, and our teleco partners, and the engagement level – I 
think on the last call, we had just come off a team summit and we were encouraged by the interactions and the strength 
of those relationships and we continue to feel that way. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Cool. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Todd Mitchell from Kaufman Brothers. Your line is open. 

<Q - Todd Mitchell>: Thank you. I have two questions. The first question is, you've had some changes in your 
distribution footprint year over year, using the telecos, and I noticed in the fourth and the first quarters, you got rid of a 
lot of your own retailers. Can you speak to basically the changes in the mix of gross adds, both year over year and 
sequentially? 

<A - Tom Cullen>: Well, it's somewhat related to the last question. First of all, as far as the termination of retailers, I 
think Bernie touched on that in a previous call. While it received a fair amount of attention, on a percentage basis of our 
total retailer base, it was de minimis. And we have thousands of retailers that are good operators, and that's not the 
focus of where we're at. We were focused a year ago on fraud and security issues. There was a small number of, what I 
would say, bad apples, and those have been – are no longer working with us. 

In terms of the teleco footprint, obviously that's growing, and it's – you guys probably know more precisely than I, but 
25 to 30% of the country probably now has an option of four providers. So that increases the marketing intensity in 
those specific geographies. But, because of our base and because we operate nationally, we're able to satisfy and drive 
sales from all geographies and not be just dependent on those more urban markets where the telecos are overbuilding. 

As far as the mix in gross adds by channel, we don't break that out, but as I've said, with the loss of AT&T as a partner, 
we have put a concerted effort into building direct sales while also reinforcing the alignment of our relationship with 
our other third party channels. 

<Q - Todd Mitchell>: Okay. And my second question relates to ARPU. It was up 2% year-over-year. Can you give us 
a little bit more color? I understand you have a price impact – or a price increase helping those go up, pull-back on 
premium helping – and some aggressive offerings helping it to go down. And then I'm assuming you're going through a 

– your upgrade cycle. Can you give us kind of a breakdown in that 2% up, what the big levers were and what the small 
levers were? 
<A - Jason Kiser, Treasurer>: We think you got the main points. Obviously every year at this point in time, we see 
the reflection of price increases that have taken place. We've already talked about premiums and pay-per-view, which 
has been, rather than a one quarter event, it's been somewhat gradual over the last year, year and a half or so, that we've 
seen it steadily decline. 

As we talked a little bit about more retention activities, remember that retention activities can be both upgrades as well 
as adjustments being made on certain customers' accounts and things like that. So there can be a small impact with 
respect to ARPU related to those activities as well. 

<Q - Todd Mitchell>: Okay. Last question here. I have heard that – everybody's advertising business is down year 
over year. I've heard that yours is actually up because of some changes in the way you sell inventory. Can you 
comment on that? 

<A - Jason Kiser, Treasurer>: I don't know that it's attributable to the way we sell inventory. It's – we have invested 
in our ad sales organization significantly in the last couple years, have opened new offices and recruited from 
experienced people from the industry. So while it's modest, we are – we feel fortunate to be up in an environment like 
we've observed over the last year. But I wouldn't say it's how we sell our inventory 


<Q - Todd Mitchell>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Abe Brachine from Trove Partners. Your line is 
open? 

<Q - Abe Brachine>: Hello? Hello, can you hear me? 

<A - Jason Kiser, Treasurer>: Yes, Abe. 

<Q - Abe Brachine>: I wonder if I can just get clarification on – in response to an earlier question about the TiVo – or 
about the tabular you're using you seem to focus on the potential meaning of that – the language of it, in terms of the 
colorability issue. Is there not a larger potential – if these two claims are disallowed, they're the heart of the software 
claims, is there not an opportunity or a possibility for the entire prior judgment to be reversed? 

<A - R. Stanton Dodge, Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary>: That's a great question. And 
certainly, with respect to everything that's currently pending in front of the judge, yes. But it's – as I understand it, it's 
somewhat of an open issue on the original infringement of the patent, whether we'd be – actually be able to go back and 
recover the original amounts we spent – or were required to pay, which is about $105 million that was release from 
escrow. But rest assured, if the Patent Office ultimately, finally, invalidates this patent and it's upheld on appeal, we'll 
take a hard look at that. 

<Q - Abe Brachine>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

<A - R. Stanton Dodge, Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary>: Sure. And I might just add, to 
Jeff's sort of initial question, it was somewhat general, how we feel about the case. I just want to note that our appeal 
brief is now online on our Investor Relations site. And I'd encourage folks to go take a look at that, because that's sets 
out, I think pretty concisely, our positions on appeal. 

Operator 

Mr. Kiser, we have no further questions at this time. 

Jason Kiser, Treasurer 

That's great. Well then, thank you very much everybody, and we'll go ahead and wrap the call up, Sean. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect. 

Jason Kiser, Treasurer 

Thanks. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 


have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


