Q3 2007 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Jason Kiser, Treasurer and Investor Relations 
• R. Stanton Dodge, Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary 
• Charles W. Ergen, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Tina and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I 
would like to welcome everyone to the EchoStar Third Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator 
Instructions] 

Mr. Kiser, you may begin your conference. 

Jason Kiser, Treasurer and Investor Relations 

Thank you, operator. Thanks for joining us. My name is Jason Kiser and I'm the treasurer here at EchoStar. I'm joined 
today by Charlie Ergen, our Chairman and CEO; Carl Vogel, our President; Bernie Han, our CFO, and Stanton Dodge, 
our General Counsel. Now, before we open up for some Q&A, we do need to do our Safe Harbor disclosure. So for 
that, I will turn it over to Stanton. 

R. Stanton Dodge, Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary 
Thanks, Jason. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. As you know we do invite media to participate in a 
listen-only mode on this call, so we ask that the media not identify participants and their firms in their reports. We also 
do not allow audio taping of the conference call and we ask that you respect that. 

All statements we make during this call that are not statements of historical fact constitute forward-looking statements 
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements involve 
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual results to be materially different 
from historical results, or from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 

Now I'm not going to go through a list of all the factors that could cause our actual results to differ from our historical 
results or forward-looking statements, but I'd ask you to take a look at the front of our 10-Q for a list of these factors. In 
addition, we may face other risks described from time to time in other reports that we file with the SEC. All cautionary 
statements we make during this call should be understood as being applicable to any forward-looking statements we 
make, wherever they appear. You should carefully consider the risks described in our reports and should not place undo 
reliance on any forward-looking statements that we make. We assume no responsibility for updating any 
forward-looking statements that we make. 

With that out of the way, I'll turn it back over to Jason. 

Jason Kiser, Treasurer and Investor Relations 


All right, thanks, Stanton. Typically, we'd go straight into Q&A, but I think Charlie is going to have some opening 
remarks before we start the question-and-answer session. 

Charles W. Ergen, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Jason. I don't really have a lot of opening comments other than it was a solid quarter except for churn and 
churn was very disappointing and at the company, that level of churn is unacceptable to us. I just didn't do a very good 
job as a CEO in terms of managing that as well as I would like to have and as well as we would as a company. You will 
see a number of factors in our 10-Q, but the major factor, really, on churn is spending – and probably the good news is 
it's a bit more controllable if we execute as a company and we just didn't really execute operationally. We haven't really 
executed very well operationally during the last 6 months and that's really simple things, like answering your phone and 
making sure you do installs right the first time and making sure your product works and making sure you've got a good 
marketing message in the marketplace. 

So we just haven't done a very good job on those fronts and we're focused on getting better at that and making sure that 
while normally, I'm a bit more on strategic side of the business, I'm looking forward to spending a little bit more time 
on the operations so I understand them a little bit better. 

With that, we'll take questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Kit Spring with Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Kit Spring>: Okay, maybe if you could talk little bit about how long you expect churn to remain at elevated 
levels and then talk about your HD satellite capacity, if you have any plans to launch satellites to catch up with 
DIRECTV? Thanks. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: Well I think as long as we don't have operational excellence, you have more churn than you 
normally would have. I mean, the good news is that it's a really solvable problem for us in the sense that the first step 
we take is, as opposed to -- our credit standards have been the same for the last 6 or 7 years. We've actually tightened 
that credit standard in the last 60 days so obviously some of our churn is from bad business we wrote a year ago or 6 
months ago, right? 

The second thing that we've done is, you'll notice, that we don't give away free programming to the level we had before 
and you've heard me talk about how I hate free programming. One of the reasons I hate free preprogramming is 
because it does turn into churn when the free programming goes away. So we've had $10 off for 10 months for a fair 
amount of time. I think we stopped that in the first of August or so, August 15th we stopped that, but we've got those 10 
months of free 10 months going for, what, another 6 or 7 months. So the good news is we've weaned ourselves away 
from that and some of our competitors are getting into that kind of thing and it always ends up being some churn. 

Third thing we've done is we're actually turning people off a little sooner so we haven't changed our metrics in terms of 
how long people, before you turn somebody off, and there's always a tendency in these times where people give people 
a little bit longer to pay them. 

We've actually taken the opposite approach, which is we're turning people off a few days earlier than we have 
historically because we have to pay programmers. And so one of the things that makes no -- if you take a long-term 
vision of the company, you certainly don't want to have a customer who isn't, is truly not watching your TV, but he just 
hasn't paid you because he's moved from his house that got repossessed by the bank. So he moves from his house in 
with his parents or back to an apartment and you're paying the programmer for somebody who's not really watching 
you, but the guy never called you that his house got foreclosed. 


So we've actually reduced -- we're actually turning people off a little faster, so all those things have some short-term 
impacts on churn, but long-term, you put yourself in a better position. 

The next thing you've got to do is your operational excellence is, you've got to make sure that you are meeting certain 
metrics in terms of your customer service. And you want to reduce the reasons why people are calling you, because 
every time they call, you've got a chance to lose them. So all you can do is keep them and the best you can do is you've 
got to answer your phone on time and you've got to make sure that simple things like you install it correctly, train your 
customers how to use the more advanced product such as DVR, HD and those things. We just haven't done a very good 
job of that. 

You have to take the approach that you have to figure out, as opposed to just hiring more people to answer your phone 
calls, you've got to figure out why they're calling and solve those issues. And that's something that needs more attention 
from me and from our senior management to do a better job. We have, certainly, capable people, but they need some 
mentorship in terms of making sure they're looking at the bigger picture of how you go about doing those things. And 
we've done those things for a long period of time, but we haven't done as good a job there. 

As far as HD, we have 3 satellites. It's unfortunate because we had 2 satellites scheduled to launch this year in time for 
the HD selling season, but with the Sea Launch and the Proton both being shut down for a period of time, those 
launches have slipped into next year. We actually have 3 satellite launches next year, which will give us the ability to 
do HD even better than we do it today although we certainly are on par from a market perspective, ahead of cable and 
on par with DirecTV, although they have more local cities than we have today. 

So we probably haven't done a very good job on our marketing message to let people know that we have an awful lot of 
HD product. But it is a very strong, solid part our business and we have 3 additional launches next year which should 
put us in a very, very, very strong position from an HD perspective. So and I think the first one of those is scheduled 
for the first quarter and the second one for the second quarter. 

<Q - Kit Spring>: Okay and on the accounting for those launches, have you paid for some of that already or does that 
all occur next year? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: Stan, do you want to take that? 

<A - R. Stanton Dodge>: We've definitely paid for a portion of them, the vast majority. Depending on the satellite. 
Echo 11, for example I think we've pretty much paid for the whole thing at this point. 

<Q - Kit Spring>: Thank you. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: I would say we've paid more for the satellites than we have for launches. Satellite CapEx is to 
some degree, farther along than launches. You pay big payments right with the launch. The launch is less expensive 
than the satellite. 

<Q - Kit Spring>: Okay. Got it, thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Tuna Amobi with Standard & Poor's. 

<Q - Tuna Amobi>: Thank you very much. First question I have is on the gross adds. Can we get some more color as 
to where your gross adds are skewing now in relation to direct sales and independent dealer channels? And with regard 
to the negative impact on gross adds, I think you mentioned promotions, slowing economy and housing market, can 
you comment on each of those? A little bit more color around those factors would be helpful just to get a sense of what 
you are seeing out there? And separately, on the AT&T relationship, I think you alluded to what AT&T said earlier 
about the decision that is forthcoming by the end of this year. Can you tell us what you're hearing as to what might 
happen with regard to that relationship and any contingency plans that you have made one way or the other? Thank 


you. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: I'll start with the AT&T question and kind of move backwards from there. Obviously AT&T, 
we don't speak for AT&T so we always – we certainly defer to them in terms of them and when they want to make a 
decision. Obviously we value them as a partner and they're our single biggest customer, so they're our most important 
customer from that perspective in terms of size. I think the relationship is strong and that there's good teamwork 
between our companies. But ultimately they have to make a decision. 

They've indicated, at least what I've heard, is they have indicated that they will make a decision on their BellSouth 
territories and pick a single provider for their territories. Obviously we're having those discussions. We hopefully 
believe we're the stronger partner for them for a variety of reasons, but they'll have to make that decision. Should they 
choose us, it's one set of issues. If they don't choose us, then obviously we'll have to compete in the current AT&T 
territories against them. So we'll be prepared as a company either way and obviously it will impact our business either 
in a positive or negative way in the short term. In the long-term, you see how you go execute, depending on what they 
do. And that's the AT&T, I don't know what else I say other than defer to AT&T for whenever they're going to make an 
announcement about that. 

The gross adds, channels, I think if you look at macro point of view that the economy is in a much weaker state today. I 
would say that the odds are that we're either in a recession today or shortly headed for a recession from a macro point 
of view. You clearly have any -- if you look at total video subscribers out there, it was a pretty low quarter, as an 
industry, for new video connects. The positive side is DIRECTV did very well, so they've shown that if you have good 
marketing, execute your operations and have, you know good things can happen. So that's a real positive and obviously 
they set a very, very high standard for the third quarter and they should be congratulated on that. I think Chase and his 
team did an excellent job. FiOS has shown that they can add a fair number of subscribers so there's still business out 
there. 

But you have that against a backdrop of fewer housing starts, so there's fewer customers to go around. Not only fewer 
housing starts, but you have people who – if you go down in subdivisions in America today, every other house has got 
a for sale sign and that particular house may have a dish on the roof or it may have cable running into the house and 
there's nobody living there. Those people have moved back into an apartment or maybe they moved back in with their 
parents or whatever. So you have that kind of backdrop where it's a much, much more competitive environment 
because of the economy. 

We think that that, we've prepared for that. We thought we were going to be prepared operationally which we probably 
weren't, but in terms of our marketing and so forth, I think we're very prepared or that. We have, certainly a customer 
who leaves us isn't going to get a better value somewhere else and certainly there will be a day when somebody will 
move into that house, back into that house, because it's going to be owned by the bank and the price is going to go 
down and ultimately somebody's going to buy it. And I think that our value, one of our strongest points, is our value 
message and that becomes more important in kind of a weaker economy, so I think we're well positioned there. 

From a promotion point of view, I don't want to mislead anybody. I listened to a bit of what DirecTV talked about in 
terms of their high-value customers. We're still getting – we are getting high-value customers. We don't release the 
percentages that buy HD and DVRs, but I don't think there's anybody in the industry who is doing a better job than we 
are in terms of getting the high-value customers and expanded service customers. We're certainly doing very well there. 

On the other hand, we also work at the lower end of the market too. We're the largest Hispanic provider and you are 
going to have more churn in the Hispanic community because of migration patterns and they tend move a bit more. We 
do pre-paid; we have a pre-paid service where customers can only get the service with a pre-paid card. We don't have a 
lot of SAC in that model, but you obviously have higher churn there. So we work pretty much soup-to-nuts in the 
marketplace and we think we're pretty well-positioned for the things that are going to be coming down the pipe. But I 
certainly think from a macro point of view that the economy is going to be a drag on, a bigger drag than maybe people 
expected on all kinds of services. 

<Q - Tuna Amobi>: That was very helpful. Any comments on the channels that I asked about? 


<A>: The channel distribution. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: We don't really break out our channels of distribution. I would say that, you know, we've 
historically been strongest in the satellite professional. Today we're probably weakest in two areas. Certainly vis-à-vis 
our competitor we're weaker in the retail, kind of big-box stores like a Best Buy. Although they do sell our Sling 
product now. We're finally in there. And we're also a little weaker in the phone company business. I mean, obviously 
DIRECTV has about 75% of the country in terms of the phone company business today, and of course the phone 
companies have been good partners for both of us and we're much weaker distribution there. 

<Q - Tuna Amobi>: So the trends of the channel have been pretty much the same, it sounds like what you're saying, 
right? There's no negative trends in the channel that might be affecting the gross-add trends in the long term? Just the 
macro weakness that you spoke about? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: Obviously in general that's true. We'll have to wait and see how the total economy affects, you 
know, all the forms of distribution. You can imagine that perhaps retail sales for big-box guys will actually -- could 
suffer some. That probably won't hurt us as much as other people. Satellite specialists may have a tougher time if they 
haven't banked some money, they may have a tougher time in a tougher economy. That could hurt us. I mean, phone 
companies probably are going to be, they're pretty well off financially. They're probably going to be successful 
regardless. Obviously direct sales is something you can control, and I think DIRECTV has talked about, maybe half 
their business is direct sales, so that's something that you can continue to control no matter what happens, so. 

<Q - Tuna Amobi>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: Thanks. Good morning and then afternoon. So a few questions for you. First, I mean I 
know you talked about execution issues and some of the macro issues related to the churn. But also in the past, when 
there's been periods of uncertainty in the overall economy you've become pretty conservative in your capital 
deployment both on the SAC side and retention side, and clearly both of those numbers are well below peers'. I mean, 
do you think it's fair to say that you've been awfully conservative given the economic backdrop or is it purely execution 
and macro? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: Well, you know you've got to balance a lot of metrics, but you'll notice that we did $379 million 
in free cash flow. That's quite a bit more than our competition. But we spent a lot less in retention marketing. So we 
have to evaluate whether we lost some customers we wish we hadn't have lost and we'd spent some more money on 
retention marketing. But that balance, really, we thought we had that – we pretty much look at that every quarter and 
we thought we pretty much had that right. I think we probably in hindsight maybe should have spent a little bit more on 
retention marketing. And obviously we could've bought, in a sense you buy your churn rate down. On our SAC we're in 
very good shape vis-à-vis our competition, and obviously to some extent that you want to, that you grow your business, 
you could spend a little bit more money on SAC. But that's against a backdrop of weakening economic conditions, and 
sometimes you don't want to swim upstream. And if you take a real long-term view of things, you'd say, you know 
there's times to be aggressive, there's times to be conservative. And, you know, we try to find the balancing spots there. 
I don't think we did the perfect job of that, but obviously we delivered an awful lot of cash to the bottom line. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: So, just drilling into your SAC a little bit, so I think, you know, all in, your SAC was $617 
a gross add including, set-top boxes that you sold, is that a number that you have initiatives in place or, you know, 
based on the pricing you're getting on set-top boxes that you think could continue to go down? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: I guess the answer is, it could go down or it could go up depending on what we decide to do, 
and a lot of that depends on the revenue that you're getting from that particular subscriber and the expected churn rate 
for that particular subscriber. So if we look at the kind of revenue projections we have for advanced services, we'd say, 
you know, we could probably spend a little bit more on SAC. If we look at the churn that we experienced, we'd say, 


you know there's some customers we'd better spend less on SAC for, right? 

And so we really will spend a fair amount of time on segmenting those markets so that the high churn customer like 
Pre-paid, we don't spend a lot of SAC on that customer, so it's still an economic customer for us. And the high-value 
customer, who may be an HD customer or a DVR customer that we could spend more than $600 on, that's because it's a 
higher ARPU customer and a lower churn customer. And what you see is just a conglomeration of all that, all those 
numbers and you know, it's been fairly consistent in that low to mid $600 range. And we'll just – we continue to 
re-evaluate depending on what the marketplace does. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: If I could just drill on one component of SAC, the set-top box costs, I think in your 
scintillating EHC filing, which we all got to go over this weekend, it mentioned in the first half of '07 only a slight 
decrease in average selling price per unit for set-top boxes to EchoStar. So a slight decrease in first half '07 versus first 
half '06. That kind of would imply that you're not getting further savings on set-top boxes. I mean, is there more... 

<A - Charles Ergen>: Two factors there. One is we're doing a lot more MPEG-4 boxes which is with hard drives, 
bigger hard drives, so you've got a much more expensive kind of set-top box. Second thing is because we're spinning 
off the engineering side of our company, they have a transfer price to DISH Network that does include a margin to 
them to run their business, right? So both of those things would have the effect of raising your hardware costs. On the 
other hand our volumes are very high and we continue to cost-reduce our product, and that's reducing our cost. And 
when you balance all that out, you know, you saw what you saw in the filing. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: All right, two extra questions. The first one for the EHC business. I mean, to sell to third 
parties you're going to need, you know, investors are going to want some confidence that there's a work-around for the 
TiVo patents or that you'll win the lawsuit. I mean, any comments that you can make on that? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: Well, you know, we kind of are where we are. We know that the hardware patents have been 
disallowed by the Patent Office so far, which is very good news, although TiVo can re-petition and try to get those 
back. But that's the hardware side. So we're fighting two of the software patents. Software's a bit easier to deal with 
than hardware. But we're hopeful that we're going to win the appeal case on that side of the business. And we also 
know that a court has ruled that we owe TiVo something like $90 million which we've reserved for as well. 

So I would say it this way, we believe we're right, we don't believe we infringed, and we want to go through the legal 
process. We want to totally go through that legal process because we believe we're right. Notwithstanding some of the 
press reports from the Courts of Appeals, obviously the judges there are very astute and knowledgeable about patent 
issues, and we think that's a better place for us than a jury in Texas. But it's a bit like instant replay and NFL, you know. 
We have to have, the tie would go to TiVo. We have to have irrefutable evidence to overturn the call. And we think 
we'll do that. 

Regardless of whether we overturn that call or not, you know Tom Rogers at TiVo, I've known for a long time. And if 
we're ultimately – if we're able to win, we'll have a conversation with TiVo regardless of that about how we can work 
together. And if TiVo is to prevail on any portions or patents, we'll still have a conversation about how we can work 
together. And the relative nature of those negotiations and the strength of those negotiations will depend a lot about, 
you know, how this Court of Appeals rules. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: All right. And lastly the spin-off documentation, you know, kind of implied that the 
primary reason for the EHC spin-off was that you felt the operations were undervalued within the overall company. 
Given that as it was laid out in the documents, that it's free cash flow negative, that you got fixed margins in the set-top 
box business, lots of uncertainties that you're going to have to invest to build out all these businesses before they can 
grow, can you just kind of highlight for investors what exactly you felt in these operations was the most undervalued? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: You know, I think what's undervalued is just our expertise. I mean, I think we have one of the 
finest, if not the finest, digital, set of engineers in the world for digital set-top boxes today. We clearly have some 
underlying technology I think we clearly control. The TiVo case will go a long way towards talking about just how 
strong our DVR position is in intellectual property. With the acquisition of Sling we get another fundamental building 
block for digital technology. We have the ability to write software and operating systems outside of other people we 


have to buy that from. We have satellites that are under-utilized today. So we think we can build value there but you're 
correct, it's not a slam dunk deal. It's a bit like starting EchoStar all over again. And we had some core values, and core 
expertises but we had to put those into moneymaking businesses, and that's going to be a challenge for us. There's no 
guarantees we'll be successful, but we think we will be. 

The other reason for the spin is it also helps us, it's a bit easier to manage the business that way because the Technology 
Group that's focused on DISH Network as their core customer, obviously a cable company or a phone company maybe 
wasn't so inclined to buy from them, but as a separate company they'll have that ability to go around the world and 
compete and sell product. And we think there's good value in that. I mean, we look at the valuations of Scientific 
Atlanta before they were sold, or valuations of General Instruments. Some of those people we think, you know, we 
think we have some value there. But there's business opportunities internationally that we hope to take advantage of, 
and you know, we'll see how we do. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: Thanks for the time. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from Vijay with Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: Thanks. Charlie, there's a billion-dollar buy-back announced in your Form 10 for the new 
company. I'm assuming your ownership economically will be similar to DISH Network. If the valuation is cheap you're 
sort of implying the technology company could go private. Any thoughts on that thinking given you believe the value's 
there? Second, just one housekeeping question. Your total CPE CapEx in the quarter? And I'll have another follow-up. 
Thanks. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: You want to take the CPE CapEx Jason? 

<A - Jason Kiser>: Vijay, the CPE CapEx is 241 million. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: Did you hear that? 241 million for the CPE CapEx. 

In terms of the spin and the billion-dollar buy-back, we just think that makes sense to have that in place depending on 
what the marketplace does. And it doesn't go beyond, there's no logical thinking beyond the fact that from time to time 
we've bought our stock back when we think the market has undervalued us. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: Moving to churn, Charlie, is there any way you could disaggregate the churn between voluntary 
and involuntary, and you know you mentioned that there was a more stringent policy put in place. I just want to figure 
out how much was management decision versus the economy and other macro factors. Any color on that? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: We don't really break that out publicly, but I would say that kind of churn levels we had, we had 
more voluntary and more involuntary as a general statement than we'd like to. I think that, I would say from a big 
picture perspective, a big picture perspective, you'd like to manage your churn in the 1.6% range, but obviously that's 
going to be seasonal, and your summer season's going to be a little higher, and your winter might be a little lower. But 
you try to get into some kind of, you try to get into some kind of situation like that. Market conditions can affect you a 
little bit, until there might be a case where you'd want to be a little higher depending on – so you don't swim upstream. 
There might be a time when you'd want to be a little lower. 

I think DIRECTV believes they can drive theirs down materially lower from where they are today, so obviously other 
people have different opinions about that and we'll see how we go out and execute. But I think we've got to have, our 
people have to understand at our company that we have to operate efficiently. And once you operate efficiently, you 
have very minor adjustments to churn, and they're very visible to you. When you're not operating efficiently, 
management tends to make excuses and tends to focus on other things than just doing their job. And here we've got to 
have a no-excuse mentality and focus on what we can control. And good things will happen and I think DIRECTV 
showed us that, and showed the marketplace that, and therefore that's what we'll focus on. 


<Q - Vijay Jayant>: Just finally, there are nine satellites being spun off with the new company. Obviously we don't 
know what satellites are providing which channels of programming. Are they typically satellites that are more on the 
FSS side, or is there sort of satellites that are actually going to be delivering DISH Network programming going to be 
in the new Spin Company? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: Correct me if I'm wrong, Jason. Three are FSS satellites, that really have nothing, and six are 
DBS satellites, I think. And none of the DBS satellites are core to what we deliver to consumers today with the 
exception of 61.5 where we have international customers and a few local local customers there. All those international 
customers are being transitioned or can be transitioned as market conditions allow, can be transitioned to our 118.7 slot 
and all of our local customers can be transitioned to our new spot beam satellite that launches next year, late next year 
in the West. So the core DISH Network Service will be at – the 13.7 million subscribers are all kind of Western arc, 
kind of 129, 110, 119, 148 locations and all the DBS satellites stay there that are necessary for that. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Jonathan Chaplin with JP Morgan. 

<Q - Jonathan Chaplin>: Thanks. Charlie, first on the gross adds, how many of your adds came from AT&T this 
quarter? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: I don't think we disclose that do we? 

<A>: No. 

<Q - Jonathan Chaplin>: So if I just look at the I guess at the net adds. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: You have to ask AT&T. 

<Q - Jonathan Chaplin>: Sorry. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: You will have to ask AT&T. 

<Q - Jonathan Chaplin>: Okay. We know what they produced a net adds and about two-thirds of their footprint is 
covered by you and about a third is covered by DTV. If I just base it on the footprint distribution it would suggest that 
80, 85% of your net adds came from AT&T. And that you got very little, almost nothing from any other channels. Is 
that basically how it shook out? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: I can't comment on that. I would say that we look at it as a percentage of gross adds. I would 
say we're less dependent upon the RBOCs than our competition is by a long shot. If you apply that math, you should 
apply that math across the DBS spectrum and it's good news/bad news. Right? We're less dependent upon RBOCs but 
they obviously with their bundles and marketing and ability to be talking to customers on a daily basis have some 
ability to market as well so that's why AT&T is a very valuable customer for us. 

<Q - Jonathan Chaplin>: Do you notice a slowdown in activity from AT&T during the quarter? Did they add less this 
quarter than they have previous quarters? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: I just can't. I just don't like to speak for AT&T that's really up to them. 

<Q - Jonathan Chaplin>: Just looking at the end of your distribution channel for your... 

<A - Charles Ergen>: What we really noticed was that our churn was higher than we'd like to have. 

<Q - Jonathan Chaplin>: Okay. 


<A - Charles Ergen>: I mean the whole quarter I could summarize was with our churn was higher than we'd like to 
have it. We've got some work to do, particularly operationally although there's a lot of other things going on. And our 
cash flow was extremely good, on the positive side. That's really it. And then the rest of the stuff becomes strategic in 
the sense where I think we positioned ourselves strategically with the acquisition of Sling with the potential spin, which 
you can read in the Form-10 and how we set that up and with things are going on in the marketplace we think were 
well-positioned strategically. But we've got to do a better job executing operationally. 

<Q - Jonathan Chaplin>: And on the churn front have you seen an improvement yet in the quarter for the fourth 
quarter? Is some of the macro factors that drove higher churn continue to be a source of pressure in the fourth quarter? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: Well, I think all I can say is what we have in the – okay we don't give forward-looking 
statements particularly right? But we have, I would say this. If we improve operationally, we'll improve. We don't 
improve operationally we won't improve. And I would imagine that the macro events that are going on in place I don't 
think are going to get any better for the foreseeable future. Right? 

I mean I just think the economy, this is just me talking. I have no insight here it's just I think the economy will face 
some tough pressures for the foreseeable future notwithstanding what the Federal Reserve can and can't, will and won't 
do. Our job is to position this company to take advantage of that if that's what happens. 

I like the fact that there is a little bit choppy out there because I think that good companies can perform well can 
perform better than their peers. It gives you an opportunity to gain on people when things are choppy. When things are 
good you can cover-up a lot of mistakes. And unfortunately we made a few mistakes that got covered up by good 
economy and they've probably hurt us this quarter because we didn't operate efficiently. 

<Q - Jonathan Chaplin>: I guess what we'll be wrestling with, Charlie, is given that some of the drivers of churn are 
out of your control, they're driven by macro factors, to what extent can you really bring churn under control without 
knowing how much of it is driven by economic factors as opposed to competitive factors? It's just difficult to figure 
that out? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: You can look at DIRECTV and I think it might have improved churn or certainly didn't do, it 
was actually probably in the ball park where they wanted to be from a churn perspective. And they operated in the same 
environment that we did. So that tells me that for us it's more of an operational issue. 

<Q - Jonathan Chaplin>: And do you think they have a less economically sensitive customer base than you do 
though? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: We certainly have on the lower end we have a larger Hispanic group and we have a prepaid 
group that's probably that particular group, although it's a big minority of our customers is probably a bit more 
economic sensitive. But the vast majority of our customers and their customers probably are a little bit better 
technically savvy, skewed a little bit more rural and probably skewed a little bit higher end. NFL Season Ticket 
probably from their perspective would skew a little higher, particularly this quarter. 

<Q - Jonathan Chaplin>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Bryan Kraft with Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Bryan Kraft>: Thank you. Two questions first I guess, Charlie, when you look at opportunities outside of the 
core US direct business, I guess what are you most excited about? Obviously you talk about Fixed Satellite Services 
and equipment manufacturing in the new spin co. Do you think that there is, or are you looking in any opportunities 
internationally to get into the direct to home business? And then secondly if you look at just one more question on 
churn if you look at churn in terms of the RBOC channel and the direct and retail channels has the RBOC channel 
brought the churn up at all? And the reason I ask at least it seems on the surface more difficult to correct a problem in 
that channel than one that exists more in the direct or retail channel? Thanks. 


<A - Charles Ergen>: Second part, I think the RBOC channel we probably learned with AT&T along the way, but I 
think we're down that process far enough, far enough down that process that there's not a huge difference between what 
we do and what AT&T does. But we certainly had some learning experiences to go through there. But that has been the 
past. 

As far as international opportunities in the direct to home business it typically there is some opportunities maybe as a 
minority investor in some direct to home business, it's difficult. Most countries in the world don't allow us to be 
majority owner but it's a business we know very well. It's a business we have all the building blocks in place. And so 
it's a business that if there are opportunities internationally we'd certainly look at them and hopefully over the next few 
years there will be opportunities to do something on an economic basis around the world in terms of similar business as 
to what we do in the United States with DISH Network. 

<Q - Bryan Kraft>: Great. Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Craig Moffett with Sanford Bernstein. 

<Q - Craig Moffett>: Hi. Good morning. I wonder if I could just dig into the churn issue a little bit more. You talked 
about your sub base as sort of broadly similar to DIRECTV's. Can you provide any specific detail on what portion of 
the subscriber base is sub prime on sort of a FICO score basis for example? And how your mix looks in different pools 
of demographics? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: I hope none of our business is sub prime other than prepaid. And prepaid is a very small part of 
our business although it's grown a little bit but that business certainly churns higher, right? Certainly in prepaid 
somebody has enough money to buy it for one month and then next month they can't buy programming and become a 
churn statistic. 

But, no, I don't know how many times I can say this but I would say that I believe that the majority of our churn issue 
in this quarter was that we didn't operate efficiently. We didn't answer our phone at the kind of metrics we need to do. 
We didn't do our installations as well as we needed to. We didn't audit those installations and have penalties for our 
guys who don't install. We didn't get our marketing message out very well. We didn't produce product that met our 
failure rate hurdles. 

Those are core blocking and tackling kind of operational issues and we have historically done a much better job than 
we have over the last six months on those metrics and we need to get back to fundamentally operating at those levels. 
And that is my fault. That's really a CEO who probably wasn't in the depths of those operational issues as much as I 
should have and I'll have to get in and understand those things a little bit better. I am doing that. 

<Q - Craig Moffett>: I noticed at Time Warner, for example, they said that their losses were concentrated about half 
of their losses came from the bottom 10% of the subscriber base in the broadcast basic only customers. Cablevision saw 
a weakness in their low-end customers who weren't even overlapped with Verizon but they were seeing higher 
involuntary churn rates. So DIRECTV has in their marketing or in their press kit has demographics that are clearly at 
the very high end. But like Lake Wobegone, not everybody can be above average. I guess I'm just wondering if the 
whole market is not above average where are the low-end customers concentrated? Is it your sense that you have more 
of those than the market overall? Or more of those than DIRECTV for example? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: Again, I would say that -- I don't have any evidence. I would say that cable typically has the 
vast majority of low-end customers, of lower credit, analog only kind of stuff. They are probably going to skew a little 
bit more, and then satellite in general is going to skew a little higher because obviously we're getting a fair number of 
people buying HD DVRs and so forth. And we also skew a little bit more rural where perhaps the economy is doing 
okay, particularly in the farmland, right? 


But versus DIRECTV, I would think that we skew a little bit less than they do on the high-end for a couple reasons. 
One is they were out in the market place two years before we were so they got some of those early adopters for a 
couple of years that we never got a chance to get. Second, they have things like NFL Season Ticket that we've never 
had that will skew a little bit higher for 10% of their base. And third they do a much better job from a marketing, 
branding perspective than we do in terms of people associating a greater value with DIRECTV than perhaps with us. 
And probably fourth, they don't do things like prepaid that we do. Again, although that's a very minor part of it. So you 
put all that together and I would say that in general, cable skews a little lower end and DIRECTV skews at the very top 
and we are somewhere closer to DIRECTV than to cable. 

<Q - Craig Moffett>: And then one last question if I could, Charlie, and a somewhat more personal question but 
there's been a lot of speculation about with the spin of the technology assets that your personal interests might be more 
in the technology side rather than the DBS side and there's obviously ongoing speculation about an AT&T partnership. 
I wonder if you could just talk about how you view your own role in the company going forward, and your own 
proclivity for this to remain a public company, a private company, do partnerships or mergers, that sort of thing? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: I don't really know how to answer that other that I remain extremely interested in the satellite 
business, or the DISH Network business and I'm extremely interested in the technology side of the business too. It's 
kind of like picking which of your two kids you like the best. I mean we love them both. In my case, I love all five of 
mine. 

<Q - Craig Moffett>: Thank you, Charlie. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citigroup. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Just one quick question on the spin. Is getting a favorable tax free spin from the IRS a necessary 
condition for proceeding with the spin? 

<A>: Yes. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: It is. Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: No it's not? 

<A>: We've asked for a ruling and we feel fairly comfortable that we'll be able to obtain a ruling but if we turn out to 
be wrong, we'll evaluate whether it makes sense to proceed with the spin or not. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: It would be a big negative if we didn't get that from my process prospective. Let's put it that 
way. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Stanley Martinez. 

<Q - Stanley Martinez>: Thanks good morning. Related to the EHC spin, I just wondered, a question maybe for 
Bernie or for Jason, what the value of ETC's NOLs is. I have an estimated 447 million post the 73 million cash taxes or 
22% of earnings before tax in the quarter. I saw in the Form 10 that there was a $23 million NOL that's being 
transferred. So what's the implication for full cash taxpayer status at EchoStar Communications? Is it still looking like 
mid-'08 or late '08? And then related to the, again the tax-free spinoff of EHC, does that have any implications for the 
value of EchoStar Communications goodwill or does it change or increase the value of ETC's tax basis in its own 
shares? And if so might that give management any additional flexibility strategically? 


<A>: First of all with respect to the NOL question I think it was -- you can find in our 10-K at the end of last year what 
the NOL was at the beginning of the year. Obviously with the amount of earnings and cash flow we're generating as a 
company, we're burning through that at a pretty rapid rate. And you can figure out say by the end of '07, you can 
probably estimate pretty closely what that remaining balance will be. 

In the Form 10 itself you'll see in the financials we have -- EchoStar Communications Corp. is made up of a lot of 
different companies within ETC and the NOLs that have accumulated over the years have been tracked company by 
company, have also been shared while we've been under one company. Going forward to the extent we spin off they 
would get sent off according to which companies move over to the spun off company. And the Form 10 largely reflects 
what we believe that to be. 

<Q - Stanley Martinez>: Okay. It sounds like I'm ballparking about the right place then on the NOLs. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: It's Charlie; I hope we pay tax everywhere. My goal in life is to pay tax. That means we're doing 
good. 

<Q - Stanley Martinez>: With respect to the implications... 

<A - Charles Ergen>: With the budget deficit, we're trying to help out the government. 

<Q - Stanley Martinez>: With respect to the implications of the EHC spin for ETC, is there anything there in terms of 
revaluing the goodwill or the tax basis in the shares that we should be thinking about at the DBS level? 

<A - R. Stanton Dodge>: Again everything I think we're thinking about relative to the spin you can read about in the 
Form 10. So I would refer to that. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Thomas Egan with Oppenheimer. 

<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Great thank you very much. You guys launched a PocketDISH a couple of years ago. Now we 
haven't seen a lot of – any impact from that but you guys went ahead and bought Sling Media. I was wondering if you 
could talk a little bit about what you saw from your early results out of PocketDISH and what made you want to go to 
Sling. And then I have a follow-up. Thanks. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: I mean, PocketDISH hasn't been a material part of our business, in part because it's a little bit 
hard to sell and they didn't get real good retail distribution of the product. Having said that it also -- what it has shown 
is and what we've learned from it is that people do want their video to be portable and it did go into our thinking on the 
Sling Media acquisition in the sense that if you want to have mobile and portable video, Sling plays a major role there. 
It's a fundamental technology that allows you to do that. So you can imagine going to your hotel room and being able to 
watch television or going overseas and being able to watch television or perhaps watching television on your phone. 
Those are pretty fundamental issues that people are going to deal with going forward and Sling gives us a great 
fundamental building block to be able to do that. I don't think it's as dramatic as the DVR building block that we have 
but I think it's right up there. And we probably didn't do it -- I mean we had the first DVRs out in the marketplace. Sold 
more DVRs probably than anybody else and we're probably not considered the leader in DVRs. So I think we -- I don't 
think we want to make that same mistake again. I think we -- and that's why Sling was an important acquisition for us. 

<Q - Thomas Eagan>: And just as a follow-up, DIRECTV said that they saw pretty considerable box cost reductions 
so for example on the HD/DVR box going from say 399 say 2Q of '07 down to 299, so a drop of 100 over the course of 
almost 2 quarters and then more reductions by say 2Q of '08. What are you thinking in terms of the level of box cost 
reductions say on the HD DVR box? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: I think I said before, I think there's kind of conflicting things that are going on. One is costs do 
continue to come down, particularly on MPEG-4. So those costs continue to come down. Having said that, that's on a 
per box basis -- and again we're the only company that really puts two receivers in one box, so we have some 


advantages there. The -- but we don't get as big a cost reduction for our customers because they only have to buy one 
box where they buy 2 boxes from our competitors. So I think we're already ahead of that curve a bit more than our 
competitors maybe. 

The second thing is that we're putting more – we're making the boxes better so today our HD box has a 500 gig hard 
drive, and there's nobody in the marketplace that has a 500 gig hard drive but us. So we're competing against guys that 
have maybe half that size hard drive. Well that's a -- there's a reason why we want to be at 500 gig hard drive. So we 
put more in the box. And the second thing is our spin company will be selling boxes to DISH Network and hopefully 
others, and they have to have, even though it's a small margin they have to have a margin to run that business. So those 
conflicting things happen. So the answer is yes, box costs will come down but they're going to become – they'll have 
more features and be more feature rich and how that affects SAC, those conflicting forces will – but we've been very 
consistent where we are in SAC. 

<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Jake Newman with Credit Suisse (sic) [CreditSights]. 

<Q - Jake Newman>: That's CreditSights, thanks. 

Operator 

Sorry sir. 

<Q - Jake Newman>: That's all right. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask about ARPU. In thinking about 
the expansion and penetration of HD and if I do my math right the ARPU gross at EchoStar does not look as strong as I 
thought it might be. Can you say anything about what factors may be at the other end of ARPU? Hampering it? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: Well the biggest thing that's hampered our ARPU is that we gave away free programming. 

<Q - Jake Newman>: That ended...? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: We have millions of customers obviously that are getting $10 off a month. That affects ARPU 
in a negative way. That changes when that free programming goes away. So... 

<Q - Jake Newman>: Right. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: And we clearly are double digits less ARPU than our competitors for similar customers. So we 
have room on the ARPU side. 

<Q - Jake Newman>: As far as HD penetration goes do you think you're keeping up with your competitors after 
you've listened to what they have to say? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: I don't know exactly what they -- I don't know their exact numbers but I would say it this way, I 
think that from high end customer -- from added service -- high end customers whether it's the DVR and HD, I think 
we're doing very well vis-à-vis the market. And would we like to do better? We'd always like to do better. 

<Q - Jake Newman>: On the 3 satellite... 

<A - Charles Ergen>: I'd say the different way. I think that the whole digital transition and HD and all of those things 
-- I sat on these conference calls a year ago and cable was going to kick satellite's tail on HD and this, that and the 
other. And everybody said well, they have a local advantage. And the fact of the matter is that both satellite guys are 
doing local HD today, although DIRECTV's got more cities than we do. But our new satellites will help us get there. I 
think we'll do very well in that digital transition environment. And I think that has the ability to help our industry grow 


going forward. 

<Q - Jake Newman>: Satellite launches: 3 satellite launches I'm guessing would add about 300 million in CapEx. Are 
there places where you'll be trimming CapEx? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: We're going to spend money where we think we have an opportunity to make money on that 
CapEx expenditure. I mean I don't know what else to say. I mean we're pretty prudent on how we spend our CapEx. 
Look, let me put it in perspective, we made $379 million in our free cash flow, we took that free cash flow and bought 
Sling Media. Our competition spent that $370 million and more to retain some customers with new boxes, new 
antennas and Ka-Band and that kind of stuff. History is going to say -- I think both of those were good investments, 
don't get me wrong. But history will say which guy made a better investment. I don't know the answer to that but my 
gut feel is Sling Media was a better use of $379 million. But you only have limited capital, you only spend it certain 
ways. But Sling Media was a point in time that either we acquired the company or we had to go out and develop that 
technology ourselves which would have taken us 2 or 3 years and we would have had intellectual property issues and 
all kinds of stuff. 

The retention marketing is something we can dial up or dial down at a moment's notice. So I think at the end of the day 
you have to take a look at what you're investing in, and EchoStar's investing in a management team that hopefully has a 
long-term vision of where it's trying to go. And we're fortunate that we are strong financially and have a good capital 
structure to take advantage of all the things that we see out there. And I think we probably didn't -- and all I can say is I 
didn't do a very good job on the churn side and we need to do a better job there. Other than that I think it was a pretty 
solid quarter. 

<A - Jason Kiser>: Operator I think we'll take one more question. 

Operator 

Thank you sir. Your final question will come from Spencer Wang with Bear Stearns. 

<Q - Spencer Wang>: Thanks and good morning. I was wondering if you guys could just talk a little bit about some of 
the new rules that the FCC is proposing to impose on the cable industry. And more specifically it sounds like one of the 
initiatives that they're looking at is making the cost of programming cheaper for cable's competitors, like you guys. So 
can you help us quantify maybe the potential savings there and maybe share with us your thoughts on wholesale a la 
carte in general? Thanks. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: Well, we're all for anything that the FCC does to hurt cable as long as it doesn't hurt us. We're 
one of the few companies that's been in the favor of a la carte. We think the more choice you give customers the better 
it is for our business because you give customers what they want. But there's things that the FCC has looked at that we 
think hurts cable and we think hurts us. I mean things like HD must carry and perhaps -- I think there's other things that 
from a program access point of view that could be negative. So it's -- I'd say there's many things that we're in agreement 
with cable on that the FCC has maybe doing the wrong path. And there's some things that the FCC's doing that we 
think makes sense and to bring a more competitive playing field. Having said that, that's being driven by the phone 
companies, in my opinion. It's not being driven -- I wouldn't say we're the most powerful company in Washington. In 
fact I'd probably say we're probably the weakest company in the media business in Washington. And we're very 
fortunate that when Congress or the FCC will take time to listen to us. But I think a lot of the stuff is being driven by 
bigger companies than us. 

<Q - Spencer Wang>: And, Charlie, can you give us a sense of how much maybe you pay more for programming than 
cable on a per sub basis perhaps? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: It just depends. I mean I would say relative to -- just a generalization, Comcast probably pays 
the least and a rural cable company out there with 100 subscribers probably pays the most. So it's -- I think that as the 
third largest video provider and as a company that from time to time has had to take some things down, we have a 
long-term programming -- maybe you want to speak to this, Carl. 


<A - Carl Vogel>: Well I think Charlie pretty much said it. I mean we don't certainly enjoy the rates that we think 
Comcast gets. But we are the third largest operator. I think we -- if you look at our programming costs and how they've 
increased over the years, I think we've got a good handle on those and they're certainly not above market and suggest 
that they're below. We defend our packaging with the honor of our children. And in case my 5 children are listening, I 
love them too. But for the most part I think from a programming standpoint we're extremely competitive. We're also a 
place that's open for business for a lot of programmers. We put a lot of things on that others may not. We have little if 
any conflicts with the content that we own. So I think we're pretty well positioned from a programming standpoint. 

<Q - Spencer Wang>: Great, thank you. 

Charles W. Ergen, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks and we'll be back I guess on the first of March, I guess. 

Jason Kiser, Treasurer and Investor Relations 

Late February. 

Charles W. Ergen, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Late February. So thanks again for participating in the call. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen this does conclude today's teleconference. You may all disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


