Company Name: EchoStar 
Company Ticker: DISH US 
Date: 2007-05-10 
Event Description: Q1 2007 Earnings Call 

Q1 2007 Earnings Call 

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Amanda and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to 
welcome everyone to the EchoStar First Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. 

[Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Kiser, you may begin your conference. 

Jason Kiser, Treasurer 

[inaudible] and let me add my welcome and appreciation for everyone for joining us. As you know, we do invite media 
to participate in listen-only mode on the call, so we ask the media not identify participants and their firms in your 
reports. We also don't allow audio taping of the conference call and we ask that you respect that. 

All statements we make during the call that are not statements of historic fact constitute forward-looking statements 
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements involve 
known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause our actual results to be materially different 
from historical results or from any future results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 

I'm not going to go through a list of all the factors that could cause our actual results to differ from historical results. I'd 
ask you to take a look at the front of our 10-Q for a list of these factors. 

In addition, we may face other risks described from time to time in other reports we file with the SEC. All cautionary 
statements we make during the call should be understood as being applicable to any forward-looking statements we 
make wherever they appear. You should carefully consider the risks described in our reports and should not place 
undue reliance on any forward-looking statements we make. We assume no responsibility for updating any 
forward-looking statements we make. 

With all that out of the way, I think we're just going to open it up for questions. Operator, we are ready to take 
questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Jeff Wlodarczak with Wachovia. 

<Q - Jeffrey Wlodarczak>: Hello, I couldn't tell if Charlie Ergen was on the call or not, in the beginning of the call, I 
got cut off. Charlie, are you on? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: Yes, I'm here today. 

<Q - Jeffrey Wlodarczak>: Great. As usual, thanks for doing the call. Congrats on the results. I'll limit myself to two 
questions. Can you provide more color on the very healthy 12% ramp in gross additions? Is that mostly related to the 
significant ramp at AT&T? ,You get that that pace is going to continue through the balance of the year? And then 
secondly, you're under-levered, you generate significant amounts of free cash, another quarter of very solid results, 
your stock appears attractively valued. What's holding you back from buying back more stock or making acquisitions 
and there's some noise in the press last week that you're looking at TV stations? Thanks. 


<A - Charles Ergen>: Okay this is Charlie. I'll take the first part and give the second part to Carl. The strong 
subscriber growth was a number of factors, but there were certainly seasonal high definition television subscription 
business we had obviously because we believe, I think we have one of the more consumer friendly DVRs out there and 
we also had HD/DVR. So you had that and that HD business usually stays pretty strong up until the Super Bowl. So 
you went almost into mid-February with that and then I think we still we have a strong distribution base of satellite 
professionals and obviously we have strong phone company support too. It's not just AT&T, it's other companies like 
Embarq and Frontier and others. And as they get more familiar with the product, they continue to make progress. So it 
is really, there's no one factor on strong subscriber growth, but it is a combination of a lot of things that probably – if 
you had to point to something, you probably would say the seasonality of HD was maybe a little stronger than we 
thought. And Carl, you will talk a bit to our balance sheet and cash flow? 

<A - Carl Vogel>: Cash flow? Jeff in terms of, we are generating and continue to generate a decent amount of free 
cash flow. As we have said on many, many calls many, many times, we continue to look for things that we think are 
complementary. I can't comment specifically on any rumors but we do think there are complementary assets to what we 
do where we can leverage our ability to build set-top boxes and to provide content and to bill and collect and to service 
customers and certainly broadcast assets we think are similar to what we do today and we find that category attractive. 

In terms of buying back stock, as Charlie has said and we've said on many calls, we are excited about other 
opportunities that we think can enhance the value of our stock over the long run and that is on the list but it's not at the 
top of the list. We see things where we can again leverage our expertise and our infrastructure. Our hidden assets we 
see in our "EchoStar Technologies Group" as probably more in the forefront and we continue to look at things, we 
continue to actively participate in things but we don't have anything specific that we can speak to at this point but when 
we do, we will certainly outline why we did something and how we see that fitting with us in the long term. But we still 
remain extremely active and interested in expanding our business. 

<Q - Jeffrey Wlodarczak>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Tuna Amobi with Standard & Poor's. 

<Q - Tuna Amobi>: Thanks for taking the question. I guess my first question is on – as I look at the net adds across 
the cable and DIRECTV just having reported as well, everyone seems to be reporting relatively strong net adds. So 
given the pay-TV industry, which is essentially mature, I'm just trying to understand where all these customers are 
coming from? Are they incremental users or maybe Charlie can help me get a better understanding of what's going on 
in terms of those numbers? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: Yes, I mean, all we can speak to is ourselves but I mean I think that obviously the population is 
growing. There's new housing starts, notwithstanding some of the subprime problems that may be a factor, and I think 
there also may be some – the statistics get a little confusing when you compare cable to satellite – but there are 
certainly perhaps becoming more multi-technology homes where you may have, there may be a phenomenon going on 

– we don't have direct access to this, but where a customer who wants the best video I think it's pretty clear he picks 
satellite. But if he wants broadband and he wants the best broadband, in many cases, he may pick cable and he may 
downgrade his cable service to just basic for local channels because he gets a better deal on his broadband packages. So 
you may end up with – perhaps that customer then would continue to show up on the cable company's books although 
at some slight negative impact to ARPU from a video perspective but obviously he is now a broadband customer but he 
shows up on our books as a full-fledged video customer with the kind of ARPU we're showing you. And he may just 
not buy local, he may not buy local from us, so we do offer local à la carte, so he's not required to buy local from us. 
And so that's potentially one of the things that there may be more two technology homes out there. And the other part is 
just the economy has been strong in the first quarter and the new housing starts and I think satellite probably gets the 
majority of the new housing starts in terms of new customers and ... 
<Q - Tuna Amobi>: That helps. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: International, you know, we're fairly strong on the international side and continue to have 
immigration to the United States as well. 


<Q - Tuna Amobi>: Okay, on the Google deal, just trying to understand if you can quantify perhaps the percent of 
your ad inventory that is covered. Is that just remnant inventories or do you have prime spots in there and on that deal 
also, does that include an interactive component in addition to the linear? 

<A - Carl Vogel>: In terms of the Google deal, we're not going to disclose what percentage is available to Google but 
it is a full-service rep-like relationship that we have had with others in the past and it is not just remnant space. It is 
space across all our avails and it does include an interactive component and I think what we find attractive is we have 
the technology that we've developed ourselves to get the appropriate information in terms of viewer statistics and we 
think that that creates a better and more tangible database for advertisers to determine the effectiveness and depth of 
their ad and with certain advertisers, we will provide an interactive component as well. 

So it's a wide-ranging rep relationship similar to what we've had in the past, using some technology we find interesting 
from Google. We think it will improve our position in the advertising market and we think it will bring us more 
advertisers than we've had in the past and we're excited about the prospects. 

<Q - Tuna Amobi>: And finally, real quick on the VOD deals, now that you seem to be ramping up that as well with 
the most recent deal with Disney, can you comment in general – since now you have about seven of the major studios – 
can you comment in general on how you see that business doing in the context of cable's beta VOD trials and when will 
you start breaking out those revenues? 

<A - Carl Vogel>: I don't know that we'll ever break out those revenues specifically, but we have been active in our 
studio acquisitions. We think we can add more VOD titles to our hard drive as we expand the capacity of our hard 
drives, which is part and parcel of our technology road map. And we think that there's nothing precluding us from 
getting day and day trials either. So we see VOD as an important additive piece of our business. We see it as a revenue 
opportunity as well, and we'll continue to try and attract more and more titles, put more and more titles out on our hard 
drives and to the extent that we can, expand our additional online presence over time as well. 

<Q - Tuna Amobi>: Thank you. 

<A - Carl Vogel>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Vijay Jayant with Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: Thanks. I've got some cost questions. G&A expenses up 30 million year-over-year, any thoughts 
on what's really driving that? I know the business is expanding, but it seems to be tracking a little faster. Second, 
subscription expenses were also up 220 million. Any color on how much of that is programming? But I also understand 
you're putting box refurbishment costs in that line item. If that's correct, how much is that and any color on the trends 
there? And finally one housekeeping question if I could, which is, of the CapEx, what was CPE CapEx? Thank you. 

<A - Carl Vogel>: Well, I'll try and start. This is Carl. In terms of our subscription costs, the vast majority of the 
increase in the quarter was programming costs. And about half of that is a function of volume over the previous four 
quarters, and about half of that is the timing of various rate increases that occur generally for us on the first of January 
where our – the impact of our rate increases you won't see until the second and third quarter. And so we've got 
somewhat of a lag there. But the vast majority of our increases is attributable to programming costs for the reasons I 
mentioned. 

We have had, as we've said in prior quarters, made investments in our customer care, in our service levels, and in our 
DNS business, so we can improve our own customer care statistics and – which seemingly has paid off because our 
ranking in the ACSI study brought us back up to number one. 

So we have been making investments in those categories. We will continue to make investments in those categories. 
But we – your point is well taken, Vijay – we've got to begin to see some stabilization in that cost structure so we can 
bring our revenue growth down to the margin level. But again, the vast majority is programming costs, probably 70 to 
80%. The rest is attributable to investments that we've made in our care facilities and in our service elements as well. 

In terms of CapEx, I don't have that answer, I don't know if Bernie or Jason has that. Bernie, do you want to respond to 
the G&A question? 


<A - Bernie Han>: Well first of all, the G&A question as we mentioned in our 10-Q that was filed this morning, 
there's not any particular item that is noteworthy in terms of being a majority of the increase. I think it's as we note in 
our 10-Q personnel expenses and outside professional expenses across our entire company, across various departments 
to support growing a larger business. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: I think we got it, I think Bernie that's it 

<A - Jason Kiser>: Vijay, on the CapEx, for the total quarter we had 335 million, about 251 million for capitalized 
lease equipment. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: Thank you. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: And I just would follow up on the customer service side, we did open up a new – I think the 
service side has continued to increase somewhat disproportionately. We opened up a new service center in Spartanburg, 
South Carolina that is going to take a while to ramp up and be efficient. And as you do more high definition and DVRs, 
you have more service because you've got a moving part. So you're going to have a bit more service for more complex 
products, because the hard drive is from time to time, it's going to lock up and from time to time it's going to fail more 
than a non-hard drive product. So that's something that we need to get more efficient. 

On the positive side, we did open up a new customer call center and that is, has ramped up now in the first quarter to be 
an efficient call center, and we've made progress there in terms of efficiencies there, so. But certainly the operating 
expense line is a focus for us. It's a little bit more difficult when you're growing as fast as we are with subs to do all the 
things you want to do, but we continue to focus on that and Carl and Bernie both from day to day perspective look at 
that and hopefully we'll improve. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Spencer Wang with Bear Stearns. 

<Q - Spencer Wang>: Thanks and good morning. I just want to go back to that original question about the strong sub 
growth in the quarter. Can you just give us maybe a little bit of clarity on where the sub growth is coming from? Is it 
coming from one particular geographic region or is it perhaps fairly well dispersed across the national footprint? And 
then also just in terms of SAC per sub cost, that seems to be very well under control. Can you just give a sense of 
what's driving your SAC cost per sub? Is it declining equipment cost, changes in the sales channel mix, etcetera, 
etcetera? Thanks. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: Our business was pretty strong across geographically. We probably scale a little less in the 
northeast. We probably scale a little less in the south since AT&T is not yet selling our product there. Look angles are a 
little worse in the northeast, and of course the weather is a little bit worse during the winter. But it was pretty strong 
across the entire country. No particular – I mean obviously, rural cable, small cable companies are a little more 
vulnerable than some of the big guys, but strong growth from really every part of the country. 

In terms of the SAC cost, we tend to have dueling things happening there. One is we're putting in more expensive 
equipment and – which puts pressure on SAC. On the other hand, our leasing program allows us to reuse equipment 
and this saves us money, and some of our technology of two tuners that do one – I mean, one box that do two TV sets 
for multiple TV set homes, we have some efficiencies there. 

So those factors will continue to play out throughout the year, and it's kind of good news/bad news, if our SAC costs 
were to go up, it means we're putting a lot more HD in and that's a good thing because ARPU would be better and it's a 
stickier customer. If on the other hand, we don't want SAC to get out of control, but we do make a better return on 
those customers, so. We balance that out every day and try and find the sweet spot, and it's been relatively under 
control over the last year or two. 

<Q - Spencer Wang>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank. 


<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: Thanks, I got two questions. Maybe I'll just ask them one by one. Kind of along the line 
that you were just talking about Charlie, there was no mention in the Q that I saw related to advanced set-top boxes as a 
driver in the change in SAC costs and you kind of just said that maybe you're putting more of those in. So is that right? 
Are you actually adding more PVRs and HD than you did last year? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: I think that trends are definitely up for advanced products and that includes both HD and DVR 
and I don't think – and HD/DVR. I mean, I think for an advanced set-top box and then we also have MPEG-4. So we 
kind of got MPEG-4 drivers. We have high definition drivers, we have DVR drivers, and then you get kind of into our 
622 receiver that really has HD/DVR and MPEG-4. So those all cost us a bit more. 

MPEG-4 is a premium today over MPEG-2 and we expect that that's going to drop over time and perhaps a year from 
now it won't be a big premium, but we have to balance then the fact we put an MPEG-4 product in today but we don't 
want to go back to the customer and switch them out from MPEG-2. So we'll continue to drive more and more 
MPEG-4 as it relates to how we upgrade, and then we balance that whole thing with strategies of how you – how you 
keep customers you have today without having to retouch them unless they're going to buy more services from you, 
and if they're going to buy more services from you then you don't mind going in there and paying a cost to upgrade 
them because you're going to get more return before you do that. 

Again, we don't randomly go do retention cost and we don't treat everybody the same and we try to do it from a 
practical economic point of view where we feel like we're making an investment in a customer we're going to get return 
on it. So whether you're a new customer today or whether you've been a customer for us for five years or five months, 
we would look at what kind of return we're going to get from you if we make an incremental investment in you. Doug, 
because you call all the time and complain and you cost us money on the phone all the time, and when you call to 
upgrade, we would probably give you Comcast's phone number because we are making money on you, but Vijay is a 
really great customer and pays his bill on time and he's automatic billing and he calls up to upgrade to HD and he signs 
up for $20 more a month and we're happy to go in and put the latest 622 in for him so that's kind of how that works. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: I was just calling to say about share purchases, not your service? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: Okay, it still costs us a dollar a minute when you call. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: So the commentary in the 10-Q regarding the receivers getting cheaper year-over-year, I 
guess that must have been related then not to the advance set-top boxes but rather the fact that you're getting the leased 
boxes returned and you're refurbishing and reissuing them? Is that the cause of the lower cost per receiver? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: All receivers come down a little bit in cost just because of volume and new technology very 
slightly, but the major driver from a total set-top box cost is the fact that the leasing program allows us to reuse a box 
essentially for free that otherwise would cost us as a new box, so that overall has a positive impact. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: Still seem like you're at the point where you're allowing customers to pull PVRs from you, 
in other words you're not necessarily assisting the demand curve because you don't need to. Given that cable is making 
advances in VOD and you have your VOD offering which leverages your PVR, do you see the point when you get 
more aggressive subsidizing PVRs for customers where it becomes a standard offer? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: For a knowledgeable customer, it really is pretty standard today that having said that, there is a 
large portion of our customer base who for whatever reason doesn't want the complexity of the DVR and in fact when 
we put a DVR in actually generates service calls and wants something else because they don't know how to operate it. 
So because there's more buttons right. So that's one aspect. The second aspect is many people put a DVR in for just one 
TV or two TVs and don't put it in for every TV in their house. So my personal opinion is if everybody was on a mission 
and if they're willing to spend ten minutes to learn how to use the DVR, everybody would want it but we're not forcing 
people to take DVR. So we give them choice. I think it certainly is a very strong asset of our company in terms of our 
intellectual property, our DVR technology, our ease of use, the fact that we do have the ability to download 
Video-On-Demand movies to it and now that we've got more studio contracts that becomes a more robust offering, and 
then things we may be able to do in the future with our DVR is certainly is an advantage. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: All right, last question for you. Your year-over-year ARPU growth has accelerated for 
five quarters in a row, I think in the fourth quarter it was 11% year-over-year ARPU growth and then slowed 
dramatically to what's still a healthy pace but slowed to 6.5% in the first quarter. Can you just walk me through the 
variance from the acceleration all the way up from 11 and then the drop down to 6.5? 


<A - Charles Ergen>: Yeah, I can give you a general answer on that. Our price increase, ARPU is driven by advanced 
services, HD/DVR fees, extra boxes, people who come in at low end who see other products that they would like to buy 
from us and so forth, and also price increases, and everything is pretty much on track, although we had a price 
guarantee on our low end package for two years. So we did not have a price increase on our low end package this year, 
and our price increase on our other package was actually a little bit less than – quite a bit less than the rest of the people 
in the marketplace. So the bad news is that puts some pressure on our margins and our growth in ARPU. The good 
news is we have a, there's a fairly significant gap between our pricing and our competition, and we probably have 
room, we have room there, we probably have less cost pressure on us than others to extent we decide to take advantage 
of that in the future, we can do that. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: I thought that would be about 100 to 200 basis points of it. Was there more aggressive 
promotions year-to-year do you think? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: Yes, we have been giving away free programming which of course I hate, but I know they 
continue to do. They don't listen to me, but we have – we have given away free programming and it's ten months, I 
think it's $10 off for ten months and that's relatively standard in the industry today but we're the guys who actually 
started it first so we should probably be the ones that have to honor it. What happens there is the first month you only 
have one month of customers getting it. By the time you get to 10 months you've got ten months of customers getting 
free programming so what happens is your market – it has a negative impact on your margin for ten months and then it 
reverses the other way as long as you get rid of the free programming and it then reverses the other way and you start 
getting back to reality. 

So you will see negative pressure on margins for another year. Although, they probably peak in the summer and then it 
starts going the other way for you when you give away free programming. So that is a factor there for sure and I don't 
know how many basis points it is, but I guess I would say it from an income statement point of view in terms of where 
we are from a cost structure, I think we have room for improvement on our margins and our ARPU, and we certainly 
have room for improvement on how we service and refurbish our product and probably a little bit from G&A in terms 
of using outside services and things like that. So I think we have some room for improvement there, and the good news 
is we do have room for improvement. We're not perfect, so we can focus on that and make maybe some better 
promotions where we don't give away as much free programming and those margins improve and we certainly have 
ability to increase our price vis-à-vis the competition in my opinion. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: Very helpful. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Craig Moffett with Sanford Bernstein. 

<Q - Craig Moffett>: Hi, good morning. A couple of quick questions. First on the AT&T side, I just want to make 
sure I understand it used to be a little bit more disclosure about the difference between which subscribers acquired 
through the telco channels were gross and which ones were net. Are the ones that you're seeing today now largely net 
additions or is there still some roll in of existing subscribers into those pricing plans? And then, Charlie, a broader 
question. You're obviously aware of the constant rumors about AT&T and EchoStar combinations. I wonder if you 
could just talk about what the benefits of a closer relationship might be if one were to happen on the cost side and 
strategically. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: Well, it's probably a better question for AT&T, I mean, I don't think we disclosed the gross and 
net from AT&T in our phone companies, but certainly the phone companies are more than an asterisk of our business. I 
mean they're certainly a material part of our business and enjoy having the partners and particularly because 
strategically I think the fact is without us having to build out broadband plans they provide us a broadband pipe through 
DSL. So, I think that opens up a lot of combinations for giving customers a great broadband product along with a great 
video product. And we expected that side of our business will continue to increase not only from AT&T but our other 
telco partners. 

I forget what's the other part of the question? Certainly from a strategic point of view, you have to ask AT&T but from 
an EchoStar perspective, again AT&T has a brand, they have, they have marketing dollars, they have broadband, they 
have wireless phone, they have long distance and local phone. So, they have the ability to allow us to get our customers 
a quadruple play that some of the cable really can't offer and we don't have to build out that infrastructure and try to 


compete with that and on the negative side, I mean obviously there has been a build out of video platform, their 
U-verse or light speed video platform, and so that takes their competitor. And so we have to make sure that we have the 
ability to compete no matter what happens in the marketplace, and having said that I mean our expectation is that the 
relationship with AT&T will continue and we have a multi-year contract and we certainly will honor that contract we 
expect that they will as well. 

<Q - Craig Moffett>: And then just one housekeeping question if I could, and forgive me, Bernie, if you already gave 
the number for this, but did you mention what retention marketing capital spending was this quarter? 

<A - Bernie Han>: No, we did not. I don't think we usually do. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: We don't break that out. It's in the total cost structure but again to just put your mind at ease, in 
retention marketing we look at each customer and we again, I'll repeat, we look at, we don't spend money knowingly on 
retention marketing unless we believe we're going to get an economic return on that. So, and I think we're probably, I 
think we have historically been lower than probably most people on that kind of thing, but in part because our product 
is upgradeable, sometimes maybe been on the leading edge of technology. So, we haven't had as much issue there but 
it's something we monitor and if our retention market were to go up, it's because we think we're going to get a greater 
return and then you balance that with your churn obviously, right. 

So, you have to run the economics about what retention marketing costs you versus what churn costs you and you've 
got to look at that model every day to determine whether you should spend more on retention marketing to reduce 
churn or whether the churn is actually cheaper for you than the money in retention marketing. And I'm not saying we 
get it right every quarter but we certainly focus on that from a financial perspective and make sure that we're constantly 
adjusting that model and what the offers are to our customers and so forth, and we think we're in the ballpark. We think 
we've been in the ballpark of the proper retention marketing spend for the last year at least, maybe five or six quarters. 
So hopefully, we can continue that success. 

<Q - Craig Moffett>: Thanks Charlie. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Jason Bazinet with Citigroup. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Thanks so much. This is maybe an artificial construct, but it seems as though there are two broad 
ways you could sort of manage the business. One way is you keep your IRRs quite high but you let the net adds on the 
business sort of decrease from where they are now, in which case the business generates a ton of free cash. On the other 
hand, I'm going to make numbers up, if your WACC is 10 and your IRR is 30, you keep spending to acquire more 
customers because you're adding economic value but the IRR over time decreases. And the reason I ask the question is 
my fear is that a lot of your investors today want the free cash. If the IRRs do over the next three to five years begin to 
contract, the Street is going to re-rate the installed base you have as if that is the new IRR and you'll get this paradox 
potentially where you're adding economic value but the shares go down because the Street assumes that the marginal 
IRR is the new run rate IRR for the installed base. So with that backdrop, is there a preference that you have in terms of 
the way you're going to manage new net adds going forward? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: Yeah, I think you have a valid comment there in terms of how perhaps the Street will look at it. 
I can tell you how I look at it, which is I look at it as I'm a shareholder of this company and I stick the shares in the 
drawer and I'm going to look at them in five years and see how we did, and we're going to try and make long-term 
decisions that growth build value for our shareholders and that could be a variety of different things. One of which 
could be and certainly primarily has been in the last ten years is to go out and get subscribers in the United States. That 
continues to be a very solid strategy. It doesn't mean that that strategy will be valid five years from now given what 
many things take place in the marketplace, and we have to be flexible enough and adept enough as a management team 
to make sure that we have a strategy to take advantage of other things or to change course if in fact the IRR on a new 
subscriber were to go down to a point that we think we can make more money somewhere else. 

So, we just really manage the business as if it was a long-term growth strategy and I think, we're fortunate in a sense 
that the management team is able to – there's not a lot of talk about quarter numbers or what Wall Street thinks around 
here. We're not doing a lot of presentations about what the number is today versus yesterday, but we do spend a lot of 
time around here talking about how our company is going to be more valuable five years from now. And I think that 


that's, I think historically, we're in an upper echelon of returning value to our shareholders in the last ten years, and I 
think part of that because we've taken a long-term view. So if the shareholder wants something quick or wants cash 
flow or tomorrow or something, maybe we're not right the place to invest. I mean, maybe they should go into hedge 
funds. I personally don't have any money in hedge funds. I personally have 99.99% here in EchoStar. So I'm either 
stupid or I'm a long-term investor that expects to get a return. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Very helpful. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Tom Eagan with Oppenheimer. 

<Q>: Hi, good afternoon. This is actually [inaudible] for Tom Eagan. I wanted to ask in terms of how many HD/DVR 
upgrades did you have in the quarter? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: We don't disclose that. We had some. And it ultimately showed up in ARPU and a stickier 
customer, but it also showed up in SAC and retention marketing, so again we just balance that out to make and to make 
decisions and you know I hope our shareholders hire this management team to run the business and not – they don't 
want to micro-manage us. Then, that's what we try to do. 

<Q>: Can you speak in terms of maybe how many high tier subscribers you have that all eventually maybe perhaps 
migrate to the HD/DVRs and maybe how much you spend per upgrade? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: I would say it a different way. I think that HD is a compelling enough product that at some 
point just as everyone went from black and white to color, I think people will go from color to HDTV, so all 13 – 
almost 13.5 million customers we have today I think are potential customers for HD. But the key will be timing. And 
obviously we can upgrade a customer to HD next year cheaper than we can do it this year because the product will be 
less expensive. Obviously that customer can buy a less expensive HDTV set next year than he can today and so it's 
obviously going to be timing. And HD will probably go – it's probably not going to be off the charts this year in terms 
of a product. 

I think it's going to really jump up when the digital transition takes place in 2009 assuming that that's when it really 
takes place, so I look for a strong year in 2007, a stronger year in 2008, and maybe more of an explosion in 2009 for 
HD. It's certainly a factor, it's certainly a profitable business for us, but there are not a hundred channels to put up. We 
carry everything today in HD that is worth carrying, and I think we have 30, 32 channels and we think there is another 

– there maybe another half a dozen channels coming up this year that are worthy of taking, but there is not a hundred 
channels to broadcast in HD today and if its' good, we have the capacity to broadcast anything that is relevant in HD 
today. 
<Q>: Okay. And then in the quarter did you see any sense of more subscribers perhaps coming from the difficulty that 
cable may be having with integration of its acquired system? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: I'm sure change causes some – we've had that work against us when we lost distance signals so 
we lost some customers. We certainly had that work against us as we lost Major League Baseball in EXTRA INNINGS 
and certainly if a cable company acquires somebody and changes the bill or changes the phone number in a very minor, 
minor way that probably works to our advantage but I would say no, I don't think I would personally notice. Carl? 

<A - Carl Vogel>: No. I would say, we didn't see anything materially different because of the integration of Adelphia 
systems if that's your question. As Charlie pointed out, we have some peaks and valleys. I think, we did pretty well in 
the fourth quarter and it carried in the first a bit through the NFL Network, when we had the NFL Network in our 
AT100 package and others didn't. I don't know how long that is going to sustain itself, but I didn't see anything 
particularly dramatic that we could tie directly through to integration activity. 

<Q>: Okay. And then you spoke on the new customer service center, and we actually – our question was whether you 
saw any heavy call volume due to maybe service upgrades for advanced services. How did that impact margins at all? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: I would say that in general from a customer service perspective, we made progress in terms of 
controlling those variable costs in progress that we hadn't – it's taken us a long time to get in place, and that is primarily 
because we didn't have enough customer service agents to ultimately answer our calls. We made the investment to try 


to answer our calls within 30 seconds and once you kind of go through the pain of that, you can start – once you can 
answer all your calls then you can start working all the things you need to do behind the scenes to improve your 
business there. 

So, we had a call center that opened up in Texas and it always takes six months to train people and get them where they 
can answer the basic questions and you kind of get inefficient – for the first six months you're relatively inefficient and 
then you become equivalent to other call centers, and you become more efficient, so our upgrade from our customers is 
pretty – it's pretty linear. It doesn't, I mean, obviously you want more upgrade – you see more upgrades for HD before 
the Super Bowl, but then you have less after the Super Bowl, so for the quarter it's pretty linear, and we expect that HD 
becomes a more seasonal factor in the fall than it would be this time of year. 

So we – but on the other hand maybe people upgrade more to DVRs because they're tired of commercials or whatever, 
so it's pretty linear. We just manage it, I mean, for whatever reasons statistically we don't suddenly get a million people 
calling for upgrades. 

<Q>: Okay, that's fair. And then lastly seeing as to how you think the margins were a little below what we expected for 
the quarter, any thoughts on what the margins may be for the balance of the year? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: No. Other than obviously we have room for improvement. 

<Q>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Kathy Styponias with Prudential. 

<Q - Katherine Styponias>: Yes, hi. Charlie, I was wondering if you can update us on your thoughts on pursuing a 
broadband wireless investment, and in particular whether the more onerous build-out requirements that the SEC is 
looking for with respect to the 700 megahertz spectrum makes it less likely that you'll participate in those auctions? 
Thanks. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: In general, we participated in pretty much every auction that SEC has put out there. We haven't 
won a lot, but we have certainly participated. The 700 megahertz rules aren't finalized yet and obviously for a new 
entrant the build-out requirements would be a negative versus an incumbent, so I guess we're disappointed in that part 
of the rule so far, but we're used to doing impossible things as a company, and I don't think that in and by itself would 
be a reason not to participate. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Benjamin Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Thanks, good morning guys. A couple of questions. Maybe first, Charlie, if you sort of 
step back, big picture and look how the business is running from an execution perspective, it seems like over the last 
maybe three quarters, four quarters, you guys have been doing a better job than you have over the last three or four 
years across the board, cost management, market share, and I know you had had some senior management turnover a 
few years ago and now the team has been in place for a while. Can you just sort of comment on – and this is all 
happening in the face of triple play being deployed and a lot of us were just at NCTA and heard about all the fantastic 
things that triple play is doing but your numbers need to be very solid. I'm just wonder if you can comment generally 
how you think you guys are executing now versus over the last maybe three or four years and any just thoughts on how 
you stack up with the triple play in the marketplace going forward? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: Carl may want to speak to this, but obviously Carl and Bernie and some others have been a big 
addition to the management team, so that's obviously helpful when you've got knowledgeable people who work hard to 
be good leaders. I don't try to get too excited when things go great, and I don't – try not to get too depressed if we've got 
some obstacles in front of us and I think the last three and four years have been pretty solid. 

The stock price didn't reflect it but I believe we built as much value for this company and our shareholders in 2004 as 
we did in 2006 even though the stock price didn't reflect it but obviously we were fortunate enough that people were 


willing to sell stock back at $28 a share and we appreciate all those that sold it to us. 

That's – I think that we are, I think we have a number of obstacles today, and you mention one that is triple play. I think 
the actual technical side of the business from a competitive point of view is, it's not so challenging today but will 
become more and more challenging and we'll have to figure out how we participate that with – in that new world, and 
we think when we're ready to make that bet, we'll make that bet on how we will do that that and in the meantime we 
will continue with what we know. Nobody delivers video to homes across the country better than satellite, and we like 
to think in the satellite business nobody does it better than we do, and we don't think that's going to go away no matter 
what. Customers who have had satellite TV just don't go to an inferior video play, but they clearly, broadband starts 
becoming more entwined in what you do in video and so we've got – that's why partnerships with people like AT&T 
are important and other people who want to compete against cable in the broadband space are going to be important for 
us. 

We see a number of wireless technologies like WiMAX and other things and Clearwire and other people have 
interesting things and we'll continue to monitor and to the extent we thought we would make money, we'll invest. We 
haven't figure out how we can make money at that yet. So, Carl – so we're better off not spending our money in 
infrastructure when somebody else already has that infrastructure in place. 

<A - Carl Vogel>: Ben, you're one of the few guys that looked at our business a little differently than most and I just to 
add to what Charlie said, it's not just the management, it's really the hard work of our people that are out there in front 
of the customers every day and doing as good a job as they can. 

I think we also have a good price value proposition and we have good technology, and we have been the beneficiary of 
that over the past 3, 4, 5 quarters and I think that the cable guys, having been one in the past, we're all very on message 
and well trained at the NCTA and everybody pretty much says the same thing, but the fact at least for this quarter is 
that between EchoStar and DIRECTV we had 75% of the net adds. That's not a broken business. 

We recognized that broadband is more important going forward and Charlie has mentioned on this call and prior calls 
that we continue to look at our own broadband opportunities and investments and we continue to work with our telco 
partners to sell their product. But I think that what's happened over the last three to four quarters is, we've gotten some 
decent momentum as a company and it's just not our management team. It's the support of our partners, it's the support 
of our people in the field, it's the support of our retailers, our RSPs, everybody that is involved in the EchoStar complex 
and we've recognized that there are challenges ahead, but you know, our mantra here is to be the best video provider 
that we can be and that's why we continue to make investments in satellites and in HD and MPEG-4 and continue to try 
and have a price value equation that meets the expectations of the market because not everybody is looking for triple 
play. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Can I ask a follow up on the On-Demand side another sort of on message point rather 
than CTA was the VOD explosion and how much usage is going up, you're limited a little bit right now in that you 
need a hard drive in the home to deliver that sort of programming offer. And I think the Homezone product you have an 
AT&T which is in its second generation or will soon be second generation tries to address some of that issue by using a 
broadband pipe to deliver more content. What are your thoughts on those sorts of competitive positioning of that 
product? Is that exciting? Do you see that as a big deal over the next 18 months to be able to tap into effectively, an 
On-Demand IT library of content rather than pushing it via the satellite? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: This is Charlie. I guess I would say in general that our goal and our expectation and our focus is 
to make sure we will provide you the best video experience in your home. At a minimum in your home, we will 
provide you the best video experience, so that means that we'll have to have more flexibility in what we do today and 
Video-On-Demand, that will include larger hard drives and more stuff we automatically download to you, but it also 
means that we will integrate broadband into our set top boxes as we have done with Homezone so that – there's always 
a leap frog thing, right, but today we offer about truly On-Demand movies about 20 or 25 on our people who have hard 
drives. 

Cable, the good cable system could be in the hundreds of TV shows or movies, so they may have an advantage, but as 
we add the broadband Homezone connection or that kind of technology, we're able to add to your repertoire 20,000 
movies potentially from a Video-On-Demand which kind of leap frogs where cable is today, so we think that we have 
all the pieces in place today with our broadband partners to deliver to customers the best video experience now and in 
the future and of course we already deliver more HDTV and better quality, we already deliver a better DVR, we 
already deliver more choice and a lower cost for customers from a video perspective and now we need to beef up that 


Video-On-Demand which is – Video-On-Demand is not a huge factor in the marketplace, interactivity is not a huge 
factor in the marketplace, but you get both of those on steroids as we add a broadband connection to the back of the 
box. 

Our new series of receivers, all our ViP receivers are ViP but it really stands for Video IP and all of those receivers are 
capable of quite a bit of stuff with the broadband connection. That broadband connection can be a cable connection by 
the way. It doesn't have to be a DSL connection, or it could be a wireless connection into there, so it's capable of quite a 
bit of stuff. I think you'll see that from us and I think you'll see that kind of stuff from DIRECTV as we get into the fall. 
You'll just see more and more of that, and I think it will become obvious the people with the satellite is not going to be 
in any way shape or form left behind from a video experience. In fact it's going to continue to have significant 
advantages. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Thank you. 

<A - Jason Kiser>: Operator, I think we can take one more question. 

Operator 

Your last question comes from [inaudible]. 

<Q>: Hi, good morning. I have a specific question in alternative markets because in Mexico there is a lot of noise in 
the market of potential deals to start offering the DH pay-TV services in Mexico through a joint venture with the MBS 
or Vargas family I don't know what comments you have about this? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: Well, obviously we haven't released any plans specifically for Mexico. I would just say that we 
do have access to the 77-degree slot which is a Mexican DBS orbital slot with high power. We currently have a satellite 
in that slot today, and that slot has the ability to deliver product into Mexico and/or the United States, and if we can 
come up with a business plan that makes sense, then we're positioned to do something. As of yet we haven't figured out 
a business plan that makes sense there. 

Charles W. Ergen, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

I think that's it. I guess we're back in August. I might not be here in August if it's during my family vacation as it was 
last year, but other than that... 

Carl E. Vogel, President and Vice Chairman 

Unless it's my family vacation. 

Charles W. Ergen, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

In this case – in case he is gone, somebody else will be here. Just kidding. We appreciate your support and we'll see 
you hopefully in August. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 


or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


