Q3 2009 Earnings Call 

Company Participants 

• Jason Kiser, Treasurer 
• R. Stanton Dodge, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 
• Tom Cullen 
• Robert Olson 
• Charles Ergen 
• Bernard Han 
Other Participants 

• Jeffrey Wlodarczak 
• John Hodulik 
• Spencer Wang 
• Tuna Amobi 
• James Ratcliffe 
• Craig Moffett 
• Douglas Mitchelson 
• Benjamin Swinburne 
• Gerard Hallaren 
• Bryan Kraft 
• Marci Ryvicker 
• Jake Newman 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon. My name is Christopher and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to 
welcome everyone to the DISH Network Corporation Q3 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on 
mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. 
[Operator Instructions] 

Thank you. Mr. Kiser, you may begin your conference. 

Jason Kiser, Treasurer 

Thanks, Christopher. Thanks for joining us. My name is Jason Kiser. I am the Treasurer here at DISH Network. I'm 
joined today by Charlie Ergen, our Chairman and CEO, Tom Cullen, Executive Vice President of DISH Network, 
Bernie Han, our COO, Robert Olson, our CFO and Stanton Dodge, our General Counsel. 

Before we open it up for some Q&A, we do need to do our Safe Harbor disclosure. So for that, I will turn it over to 
Stan. 


R. Stanton Dodge, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 
Thanks, Jason. We invite the media to participate in a listen-only mode on the call and ask that you do not identify 
participants or their firms in your reports. We also do not allow audio taping and ask that you respect that. 

All statements we make during this call that are not statements of historical fact constitute forward-looking statements, 
which involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause our actual results to be 
materially different from historical results and from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking 
statements. For a list of those factors, please refer to the front of our 10-Q. 

All cautionary statements that we make during this call should be understood as being applicable to any 
forward-looking statements we make, wherever they appear. You should carefully consider the risks described in our 
reports and should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. We assume no responsibility for 
updating any forward-looking statements. 

With that out of the way, I'll turn it back over to Jason. 

Jason Kiser, Treasurer 

Thanks, Stanton. And Christopher, we're going to go straight into Q&A so you can open up the lines. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jeff Wlodarczak of Hudson Square. Your line is now 
open. 

<Q - Jeffrey Wlodarczak>: Hey, good morning, guys. Was hoping you could shed some more light on the very strong 
churn result? In the 10-Q, you mentioned part of the result is timing related to the shift from 18 month to 24 month 
subscriptions. Is your expectation therefore that you'll probably see some improvement in churn but that going forward 
the magnitude of that third quarter decline was one time and then I have one follow-up. 

<A - Tom Cullen>: Yes, I think that one factor that was mentioned is one of many factors. So that one item by itself 
will reverse itself or go back to its old state come the spring of 2010 but there were a number of other factors that 
contributed to churn being improvement in the same period. 

We had seen some improvement as a result of the piracy mitigation, some fraud mitigation. The market place in terms 
of households moving has declined or fewer movers, which means less churn for pay TV providers. 

We had talked about last – on the last call that we're constantly trying to fine tune our credit rules and thresholds with 
respect to customers coming in the door. And I think for a period of time, we were perhaps tighter than we had been in 
other periods of time and perhaps tighter than we should have been. And I think those factors and other factors all 
contributed to churn being improved in this period. That one item about commitment periods is a one-time thing that 
we'll see for the next six months. 

<Q - Jeffrey Wlodarczak>: All right. Thanks. And then one more. On the subscriber-related expense line, as far as I 
can tell, it's the highest level it's been in the history of the company. If you could provide any color as to how much of 
that's driven by MPEG-4 upgrades to existing subs and your initiatives to free up bandwidth? That would be very 
helpful. 

<A - Robert Olson>: Yeah, it's not a lot of that. Three big items in that line are programming costs, variable costs and 
retention expense. Programming costs are up. We talked about spending more money on our call centers to improve 
customer service. 


<A - Tom Cullen>: Jeff, this is Tom. Really, the biggest driver as Robert said, we're investing to re-establish our 
leadership in customer service. And we've been doing that and we're seeing some improvements in some key metrics. I 
think that is also associated with the churn improvement. But over time, as we're seeing the improvements, we also 
expect to ring out efficiencies in those lines going forward. 

<Q - Jeffrey Wlodarczak>: Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of John Hodulik of UBS. Your line is now open. 

<Q - John Hodulik>: Okay. Thanks. Just really a quick one around the one-time special cash dividend. I don't know if 
you covered it in the document. I didn't get all the way through it at this point, but just talk a little bit about the timing 
and sort of the reasons why. Is it just the fact that you've got a lot of cash on the books or you've obviously just raised a 
fair amount of it at attractive rates, but considering some of the other investments that the company has been looking at, 
we just want to know the sort of thought behind that? Thanks. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: Yeah. This is Charlie. Again we – as always, we look at where we can spend our cash and 
whether that be internal growth or acquisition, our stock buybacks, our dividends -


[inaudible] 

<A - Charles Ergen>: What's that? And all of those factors combined, we felt – I think we have -the markets are open 
that were closed before, which didn't make sense for us to pay a dividend. It looks like we could access markets with a 
major project if we found one that we thought we could sell to the market. 

Our business is again, we talked about getting better every day this year and I think we're doing that so we have some 
increased confidence in our ability to execute. And then one has to always keep an eye on tax policy and the 
microeconomic things. And I think that for a lot of our investors, this will be the last chance – this will be the lowest 
tax that they might pay on a dividend for a long, long, long time as the Bush tax will expire and there could be 
surcharges on certain levels next year. 

<Q - John Hodulik>: Got you. I mean, and would you say this is a change in the way you approach things going 
forward, or can we expect more cash returned through buybacks or additional dividends or that kind of thing? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: Well, it really depends on how we execute and what our other options are. Again, I wouldn't 
think the dividend would be our – it is not our first choice. We'd rather use the money internally and grow the business. 
We just haven't been able to – I think we still have a TiVo overhang. We haven't been able to find. We went after 
SIRIUS XM. We haven't been able to make a major acquisition. 

And then again, one of the drivers of course is tax policy and the changes that we'll see next year and the year after. So 
those aren't likely to – those aren't likely. Those are more one-time events in terms of tax policy. So again, if we can't 
find ways to use our money, then I think dividends are always on the table for us. And it's up to us to strategically see if 
we can grow the business that way. But we look at everything and try to, at the end of the day, do the best long-term 
thing for our shareholders. 

<Q - John Hodulik>: Okay. Thanks, Charlie. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Spencer Wang of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Spencer Wang>: Thank you. Good morning. My first question is regarding ARPU. I guess really two parts. Can 
you give us a sense of what ARPU growth was, excluding the pay-per-view movie impact? And then if you could give 


us a sense of how you plan on managing ARPU versus growing your subscriber base? And then my second question is 
on subscriber-related expenses. Again, on a per sub basis, that decelerated from 9% in the -- 8 to 9% in the first half to 
about 6% in the third quarter. Should we expect that trend to continue into the fourth quarter and beyond? Thank you. 

<A - Tom Cullen>: Hey, Spencer, it's Tom. On the ARPU side, we don't break out the individual components within 
that but I will tell you that the biggest driver of the suppression of ARPU is programming discounting. And as you 
know, we had an aggressive discount February 1 through August 1, so we had one month of that in the quarter. We're 
now down to a more reasonable discount on a per month basis. However, fortunately, the market has responded so the 
volumes are high in August and September as well. That being said, we are focused on weaning ourselves off of 
programming discounts, going forward. That doesn't -- obviously, we'll do what we have to do to remain competitive 
but we don't think that's the best way in the long-term for the business to grow. 

As far as subscriber-related expenses, I'll let Robert elaborate. But as I said earlier, we're heavily focused on 
reestablishing a leadership position in customer service. We're seeing some early returns on that, but we have to get 
more efficient in that line item going forward. 

<A - Robert Olson>: Yes. And Spencer, as you know, we don't give forward-looking guidance there but we are 
working very hard to make our operations more efficient. And that will deliver really good customer service and a 
better cost structure. 

<Q - Spencer Wang>: Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Tuna Amobi of Standard & Poor's. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Tuna Amobi>: Thank you very much. So, with regard to your programming costs and retransmission, I know 
you did a slate of deals over the past year. How would you -- what's your outlook for programming expenses going 
forward? I know you just said it's a big part of your subscriber-related expense growth. Can you perhaps give us what 
your -- a little bit further outlook on programming and retrans? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: Yes, this is Charlie. The programming costs will continue to go up. They're fixed price contracts 
typically, are fixed contracts for a period of time. Generally, programming costs are going up at greater than rate of 
inflation because we haven't had inflation obviously. And there is a lot of concentrated power in terms of programmers 
on some sides. So, that's just a cost that will get -- that I'm sure the industry will pass on to consumers. As those costs 
go up and as the third largest provider of television, I think that we are well positioned in terms of programming costs, 
vis-à-vis our competition. And you know, I just think we're ultimately going to have to recap that programming cost 
through price adjustments to your customers and you'll see that probably from the industry; we've pretty much seen on 
an annual basis where those costs are passed on. 

I think the area for us that we can control of course is our operations and our retention marketing and – by doing a great 
job there. And we haven't done a great job there yet. But we are getting better every day and putting our self in position 
to do better on the cost side but we're not there yet. We still have some infrastructure problems. We still have some 
focus issues to tie everything together to do that but we've got – but I think that we are getting better every day and it's 
going to be certainly well into next year before we get to the level we'd like to get to on an expense side. 

<Q - Tuna Amobi>: Okay. And lastly, I want to talk about TiVo. I know you have an upcoming hearing this month. 
Many thoughts on that and any change in your outlook for the potential outcome? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: Well, one, we already had a hearing – we had a hearing I think, it was a week ago. Last Monday 
we actually had a hearing. The oral arguments at the Court of Appeals and the Court of Appeals is really hearing two 
main issues. One, whether we're allowed to download non-infringing software to set top boxes and the other whether 
our new software is colorably different from TiVo today. And so I think that we've done an excellent job on the briefs – 
written briefs that are before the Appeals Court and I think we did a good job in oral arguments. So now we sit back 


and wait. 

<Q - Tuna Amobi>: Is the ruling expected this month? Is what actually I was getting at or is there anymore... 

<A - Charles Ergen>: The ruling could come at anytime. I think rulings typically have taken several months at the 
Court of Appeals. But they could come at anytime. I mean, once the oral arguments are presented, the judges could rule 
at anytime. And I guess in general, I would say that what I've always said which is, I think ultimately, regardless of 
what this outcome is, we'll have a relationship with TiVo. It's a good company; they have a good product. There's 
things we can do together. Now, regarding intellectual property, we have an honest disagreement on intellectual 
property where they've won just about every decision in the lower courts and where the Court of Appeals has reversed 
it a number of times. 

So we know how hard we worked to change our intellectual property based on what TiVo has told the court and how 
their system operates. And we know how what we did we think is legal and we trust the legal system and you know, we 
look forward to a ruling. But at some point, the path will be clear. 

<Q - Tuna Amobi>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant of Barclays Capital. Your line is now open. 

<Q - James Ratcliffe>: Hi. It's James Ratcliffe for Vijay. I'm just wondering if you could give us some idea of the 
breakdown on ARPU growth trends because you saw ARPU growth slowed about 200 bps sequentially. How much 
was this change in your promotional activity versus a change in the product mix being taken by existing customers such 
as premiums and the like? 

<A - Tom Cullen>: Yeah, again, this is Tom. As I mentioned earlier, probably the largest impact is promotional 
programming discounting and, as I said, we've reduced that on a per monthly basis in the second part of the quarter. 
Advanced product mix is healthy. We're seeing a high take rate on both HD and DVR, which is encouraging. And I'm 
sorry, the last part of your question was -


<Q - James Ratcliffe>: Just was exactly that. Promotion versus premiums. 

<A - Tom Cullen>: Premiums and pay-per-view. It's actually, on the last call, I think I mentioned that we see 
consumer belt tightening. That's one area where people will take a second look and say, do I really need the premiums? 
Plus we're seeing alternative sources like right now, you can get Starz Encore in a package through Netflix, which is 
going to put downward pressure on linear channels. So there are some competitive dynamics like that at work. But 
again, the composition within the line item, we don't break down. 

<Q - James Ratcliffe>: I had to hop on a couple of minutes late. I'm sorry if I missed this. But did you discuss how 
much of the churn delta year-on-year was due to the change of the contract length from 18 to 24 months? 

<A - Tom Cullen>: We did not disclose it in – it's a contributor but again, there are many factors at work on that line 
item. We're seeing improvement in service, which is helpful. But we can – obviously, we can calculate with precision 
exactly how much of the churn was attributable to that. And I will tell you it was as factor but there were many other 
factors at work. 

<Q - James Ratcliffe>: All right. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Craig Moffett of Sanford Bernstein. Your line is now open. 


<Q - Craig Moffett>: Yeah. Hi, I'm going to sound a bit like a broken record trying to drill into this issue of ARPU 
and margins. But given how steep the decline was in your premarketing cash flow margins that presumably means that 
the programming costs are growing significantly faster obviously than ARPU. Can you just disaggregate these two 
issues a little bit more into how much of the programming discounts are going to roll off as the subscribers mature? Or 
should we see this as more long lasting packages that are offered at lower markups than they've been in the past? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: This is Charlie. I mean, again, I just have to reiterate what Tom said. The primary fact in the 
erosion of margin is in fact the discounting. It's significant in the sense that you know, we've given as much as $25 off a 
month for six months. I think we're at $15 now for 12 months. Some of our competition is materially higher than we 
are. I think that's going to affect ARPUs for people while you discount it. Maybe we account for it you know, in the 
most conservative manner we can. And so it hits it immediately. 

Programming costs per se, there are some timing issues there as you do new contracts. And we've had a lot of contracts 
that came up in 2009.As you do new contracts and you make adjustments to programming packages and retrans and so 
forth, you sometimes have impacts kind of a one-time nature on programming margins that flatten out over time. But I 
think that ARPU is a place where we still have upside vis-à-vis our competitors. I think we're at least $15 less than our 
competitor in the satellite end of the business for virtually the same product. They have out-of-market NFL which is a 
couple bucks but apples-to-apples, we're probably at least double-digits below in ARPU. So we have some room both 
on pricing and less discounting and pricing. 

So I think it's – and the long-term trends are a little bit hard to predict. Some long-term trends in terms of ARPU, I 
could probably argue that one both ways. I think there's opportunity for us to increase ARPU in a significant way and 
then there's also pressures against ARPU whether it be the Internet as Tom talked about with Starz Encore products 
given their programming away on the Internet at much less expensive than they do – much, much less expensively than 
they do on a linear channel, which takes away from our linear channel revenue on Starz Encore, for example. 
Otherwise, it'd be the economy where people are downsizing. There is some headwinds against that, but there are 
opportunities as well. 

<Q - Craig Moffett>: Would you say that those are primarily up-front discounts that roll off or are they a change in the 
longer term mark ups on programming. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: Yes, it's mostly upfront discounts that roll off assuming that you don't continue to discount at 
the levels that you're discounting today. 

<Q - Craig Moffett>: Right. 

<A - Bernard Han>: Our – this is Bernie, by the way, right. Our undiscounted programming packages, the prices were 
last changed on February 1 of this year and they haven't changed since then. So, it's been mostly discounting against the 
standard prices that we increased in February. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: I mean I would say it this way, that the margins that we're getting today, I think we have room 
for improvement. And I think we have done a better job improving our marketing presence and gaining some 
momentum in the market place. We have not done as good a job on the operational side in part because the operational 
side just takes a little bit longer and we had more things to fix there. So we had to make an investment in people and 
call centers and service to make sure we're taking care of our customers, where perhaps we hadn't invested as much as 
we should have in the past. We've done that now and now we're – now I think we're – I'd say it this way, in 2008, we 
just stopped getting worse. 2009, we're getting better every day. In 2010, I think we have a chance by this time next 
year to be best in class in a lot of areas and certainly our margins aren't best in class yet, so we've got a lot of work to 
do there. But we put the building blocks in place to do that. 

<Q - Craig Moffett>: Thank you. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: Or we are putting them in place to do it. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: Thanks a lot and good afternoon, gentlemen. I guess, good morning for you. So a series of 
questions here, clarifications. One, Charlie, you just said the discounts are accounted for in the most conservative way. 
Does that mean you book the customers coming at no revenues until the discounts burn off? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: No, it's just that the $15 off is just not taken to revenue as you would expect. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: Right. And then, any comment that you could make on the AT&T churn from what we'll 
hear from AT&T in terms of your sub losses that the churn is just awful relative to your core churn, any story behind 
that? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: Obviously, AT&T is prevented by contract from going after our customers. But I believe that 
we provide better customer service to our customers than perhaps – realize AT&T bills those customers and I think that 
from a customer service perspective today, I mean I think we're best in class – I think we're – parts of our customer 
service are best in class today. Certainly in the speed in which we answer phone, we're open up 24 hours, seven days a 
week. A lot of AT&T for example is closed on weekends or late nights. So I think we're giving better customers service 
and I think that – on a positive side, it has helped us on our churn. And I think that when we don't control the customer 
and the relationship with the customer directly, then- for example, we're not able to tell a customer about his AT&T 
bill, because we don't have access to that information. Certainly, we can't tell them about their phone bill. Then that 
churn is – I think their churn is – I think it safe to say that AT&T churn – and correct me if I'm wrong – AT&T churn is 
higher, if not materially higher than our standard churn. 

<A - Tom Cullen>: It's higher – but also, you have peel it back a little bit because you could see – a customer that was 
bundled – disconnecting a single service and so it looks like a churned customer out of the bundle. But they may elect 
to keep there DISH service and be billed directly from us. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: Okay. Right, so from your standpoint, it's not a churn but from their standpoint it is, so it's 
a little bit of cannibalization... 

<A - Tom Cullen>: Yeah. In some case, there is a percentage that fall into that category. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: I mean this is Charlie again. Don't lose sight of the fact that we made a strategic decision that 
long-term, we want to be with partners who have the same focus that we do which is to get a customer and keep them 
long-term attached to our service. And one of the – AT&T was a good partner and I think it was a good relationship. 
But the fact of the matter is at AT&T, every time we have to put a dish in, they had one eye on the customer to put – 
they still had one eye on the customer to put their U-verse system in. So that makes for a little bit tougher relationship 
because we don't want invest SAC in a customer that we know somebody else is going to try to be get later on with a 
different service and so I think that our regional phone providers that we deal with is a better relationship for us long 
term because their emphasis is on getting the customer long-term with a satellite dish just as ours is. They don't, at this 
point, for the most part, have a competing service. So I think while that's been painful, my hat is off to some of the 
management here in terms of refocusing our company back to long-term providers who have the same interest at heart 
that we do long-term, which is to get a customer and keep them for the rest of their life. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: All right. Well, then I'll just end on sort of a follow-up to that point, which is there are a 
lot of investors out there that think Verizon or AT&T might be interested in more formal strategic alliances with the 
DBS players. Any renewed interest by either Verizon or AT&T strategically and DISH? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: [inaudible] Obviously, we wouldn't comment on that. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: Would you expect that to happen once the DIRECTV deal with Liberty closes and that 
company is sort available to do M&A transactions? Do you think there is the possibility that there would be renewed 
interest by RBOCs? 


<A - Charles Ergen>: I think DIRECTV is an unbelievable company. And they have been extremely well managed. 
They're one of two companies that provide a very ubiquitous service to the entire United States for television, and one 
of the great things they can do is do that consistently. So every customer can get the same experience through 
DIRECTV. I think that's difficult to do through IPTV or broadband. Everybody gets a little different experience, your 
speeds change, and your picture quality changes. 

And so I think that -- anybody who wants a national service, DIRECTV would be very attractive to them. Now, what 
DIRECTV's management decides to do, who knows. But that will be interesting to sit back and watch. 

We focus on what we can do at DISH Network, which is try to get better every day and try to become world-class in 
what we're trying to do in terms of a video experience. And that's really where our focus is. We're very, very 
comfortable with where we are today. 

I think that if you look at -- just expand a little bit bigger -- I think the biggest emphasis for us that we worry about in 
terms of our ability to compete would be whether we continue to have access to programming on a fair basis, and 
whether we continue to have access on the broadband pipe in a neutral way, where somebody doesn't discriminate to 
our customers in any way, in terms of the bits and where they can go on the internet and get a service. Because that's 
certainly part of the equation as the years go by, that many people today and many people in the future are going to get 
some of their video products from broadband. 

And so net neutrality and all that goes with that in program access will be key things for us to be able to remain 
competitive. I think there is a lot to be said good about a company who doesn't own programming content and doesn't 
own a distribution path for broadband, that's more of a Switzerland approach and can just give customers great choice 
and great customer service. 

Otherwise, customers are all going to get -- the only choice you have is to get a package of 200 channels. And they're 
all going to be pretty much the same channels at pretty much the same price, and that's not much of a choice. And I 
think we've done a really good job over the last almost 30 years of giving customers choices that they otherwise 
wouldn't have. And I hope that's going to be continued to be important in the marketplace. 

And so that's kind of big picture stuff we have to worry about in terms of what Washington -- how Washington looks at 
that and how some of our competitors who could cause some mischief in those areas might do that. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: Well, it looks like you'll be able to afford a second house in D.C. so -- because you'll be 
spending a lot of time there. Thank you for the comments, Charlie. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Hey, good morning. It's Ben Swinburne. A couple of questions. 

Charlie, in the past, you've been very cautious about giving away programming. You've talked about that a lot today. If 
you can remember back, I think DirecTV in '03 was very aggressive, bringing in new subs. And then there was a lot of 
churn on the back end. 

Can you just give us a sense of your confidence level in your current promotion stream for gross ads that you're not 
going to see that backend spike on churn when these contracts roll-off? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: Yes. It's a good question. I have been on record. I continue to be on record. I hate giving away 
programming. 

I hate the discounting that we do today, and in part because it does cause you problems in the back end. So when that 
18 months or 24 months is up, your customers are going to see a significant price increase, and they probably have seen 
a price increase maybe even in the meantime, before their contract term is up. And I just don't think that's a great 


customer experience. 

One of the things that we're starting -- so we spend a lot of time strategically on how we might wean ourself away from 
that. It is a little bit difficult when -- I can't even make this up. I read where DIRECTV was actually giving away $700 
of programming this month. We get this NFL Season Ticket, and that was like 300 bucks and then you got 26 bucks off 
a month for 12 months, and then you get an extra 5 bucks if you signed up with a credit card or something. It was a 
pretty incredible number. 

And so we have to be cognizant of where our competition is in terms of what they give away. We spend a lot of time 
trying to figure that out. But I think on average, you delay some of your churn during that 24 months, and then you get 
a spike in the 24th month. It is just inevitable. 

So we haven't been in the discounting business as long as other people. So we probably – it's something we got to 
worry about a year from now or two years from now, as it affects churn. I think we just keep an eye on it and then 
develop ways to go to customers and explain to them that we're a great everyday low price, and you don't have to 
necessarily – if you buy a discounted program, your package – your costs are going to go up. 

And Tom, maybe you want to speak to this because you're a little closer to it than I am, in terms of what we're seeing 
from the customers. 

<A - Tom Cullen>: Yes, following up to that, Ben, we do think we're going through a more sensible period in terms of 
consumer shopping and flipping. 

And I will tell you, from sitting in a lot of calls and being out in the channels, it seems like the customer is more 
focused on the overall value equation, and particularly focused on what happens when the promotional period ends. So 
even if we have a 12 by 15 offer in the marketplace, they're very focused on what happens after that 12th month. And 
as Charlie said, as long as we maintain our relative cost structure, and we will be the everyday low price leader, we 
think that serves us well in the long run. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Got you. And if I could just ask a follow-up, Charlie, on Comcast/NBC and how you 
think that might affect the DISH Network, and what you think the regulatory review process or maybe regulatory be on 
that company if they – if this actually happens. 

And then just one quick housekeeping, is the dividend a dividend or a return of capital from a tax perspective? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: You want to take that question first? 

<A - Robert Olson>: Yes, it's a dividend. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: Okay. So it's a dividend. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Got you. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: And Comcast/NBC, it may not get – obviously, we see the same stuff in the press that 
everybody else sees. Obviously, we'd have concerns with anybody who owns programming and delivery distribution, 
particularly when they own distribution in both broadband and to a cable. So program access and broadband neutrality 
would be important issues there. 

And obviously any kind of combination of that size would have significant regulatory oversight, and maybe the first 
really big deal for this administration in terms of that, so it'd be interesting to see. 

And maybe I'll just get an apartment in Washington. I'll save some money, maybe live in one of those hotels. Don't they 
have one of those monthly hotel deals where you can stay for like 1,000 bucks for a month or something? 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: I don't know. All right, thank you. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: Anyway, I think that that's a – realize we purchased programming content from Comcast for a 
long time. And we're not treated fairly when it comes to the sports teams in Philadelphia. So, that has always smelled a 


little bit. And the FCC has never seen fit to solve that. So there always have been some issues there. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Gerard Hallaren from TownHall Investment. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Gerard Hallaren>: Yes, good morning, guys. I have got three questions for you. One relates to the Court of 
Appeals, one relates to retransmission, and one relates to the security card swap out. What order would you like to go 
in? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: Up to you. 

<Q - Gerard Hallaren>: All right. Let's take the Court of Appeals one first. It's my understanding, and I would love it 
if you would disabuse me of this, if I'm wrong, that the Court of Appeals addresses questions of law and not patents. Is 
that correct? So there's not a technical issue in front of the Court of Appeals. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: I don't know that I would term it that way. Stanton, you want to take a shot at that? 

<A - R. Stanton Dodge, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary>: I am happy to give you a real 
legal – lawyer answer. It depends. 

<Q - Gerard Hallaren>: Okay. Can you clarify that a little bit? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: There's really two issues in front of the court and may go through that and they have full 
authority to rule any way they want to on that. 

<A - R. Stanton Dodge, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary>: If you get down to questions 
of law versus questions of fact, I guess it depends. There are standards of review, for example, and if the judge makes 
factual findings that are just not supported, the Court of Appeals can even overturn them on that. It depends. 

<Q - Gerard Hallaren>: Okay. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: I would say that I think what you're really asking is what is the Court of Appeals going to look 
at to make a decision, which obviously has impact for both, DISH and TiVo. 

<Q - Gerard Hallaren>: Said much more clearly than I did. Yes. Good. Please. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: And I think the issues are pretty clear before them. One issue is can you design around a patent? 
It's a pretty fundamental issue. This would be chilling – if they were to make a decision that you could not design 
around a patent, in other words, we couldn't download that to – download a new, non-infringing software to our set top 
boxes – that would be a chilling, chilling decision on innovation in the United States. 

<Q - Gerard Hallaren>: Sure would. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: And they've got – they could rule either way on that. Right? And then the other one is really 
whether we're colorably different. And the only thing I can give you is logic, which is TiVo presented new 
infringement theories at trial, and if we had not – if we didn't – if we weren't colorably different, they could have kept 
the exact same theory they had at trial. They had to go to different theories on how their intellectual property worked, 
and therefore we -- logically, we were colorably different. 

And there is a pretty – it's a pretty set standard for colorable differences, and the Court of Appeals will look at that and 
then see how the judge interpreted that and decide whether there was a fact, a law, or a fact finding that will reverse 
him. 

Again, it's – I would say it this way. I would rather have our case than TiVo's. I don't know what else to say. 


<Q - Gerard Hallaren>: No. That's a great answer. I appreciate – you went further than I had expected you. So, thank 
you. 

Retransmission of local programming. Takes somewhat of a bite out of your capacity, correct? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: It takes a bite out of our profits. Must carry is what takes a bite out of our capacity. 

So retrans is just a payment to broadcasters for their channel. That's in addition -- since they got their spectrum for free, 
it's just an additional tax on consumers. Obviously, we pass that on to consumers. And most people pay a retrans fee 
today, including cable. 

And then must carry is a severe limitation on our capacity, where both satellite providers have had to spend literally 
billions of dollars for satellites to carry channels that have very little local content, or that nobody watches, or very few 
people watch, but that the broadcasters were politically strong enough to get passed. 

<Q - Gerard Hallaren>: The question that I would ask -- and I thank you for your definitional explanations -- is, given 
the quality of the new broadcast digital TV, which seems pretty good to my thinking, would you -- could you get 
around either of these issues for some portion of your customers or some meaningful portion of your customers by 
setting them up to receive digital television through your -- through their set-top box or straight to their TV through 
your system? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: Okay. I think I understand your question. You could not -- your customer would not have to a 
pay retransmission fee if he would install an offer antenna or use an indoor antennae to receive the digital broadcast, 
which, as you explained, is pretty good. And that would eliminate any retransmission fee from being paid to the 
broadcaster. 

The must-carry -- it does not help us with must-carry in our capacity because the law is, if we carry one channel in a 
market, we have to carry all. And at this point, the vast majority of our customers still choose to get their local channels 
from satellite, from us, because they are consistently high quality, and they can record easier, and we have -- the guide 
information is more accurate. 

So unless all of our customers in a particular city were to put up offer antennas, we'd still have to use the capacity. And 
of course, the second thing is that the DMA of a market geographically is typically much larger than the broadcaster's 
ability to send their signal. So their digital spectrum -- their digital signal may go 50 miles in Denver, but the DMA of 
Denver might be 300 miles wide. So those customers' only choice is satellite. 

So the law is not particularly consumer friendly, the way it's set today. It's arguably -- it's heavily tilted towards the 
broadcasters. I always find it ironic that we, as satellite guys, were required by law to spend billions of dollars to 
deliver a local signal, and the local broadcaster was not required to spend -- I mean literally, he was required to spend 
about a million dollars to deliver his broadcast signal, and we had to spend billions to deliver his signal. And then we 
had to pay him for his signal. And then we had to carry everybody's signal. 

So it was always a little bit -- it's never been a consumer friendly law, and I imagine, over time, that as technology 
changes and so forth, that ultimately the country will get it right. 

<Q - Gerard Hallaren>: Well, the DTV stuff does seem much better than I had anticipated, and I think a lot of other 
people had anticipated -


<A - Charles Ergen>: The risk to us is that some people would disconnect from pay television to go to a local 
broadcast. 

We haven't seen that. In fact, we've seen just the opposite. Part of our subscriber growth this quarter probably came 
from the DTV transition, where customers actually were far enough away they could get an analog signal but they 
couldn't get the digital signal, and then they went to a pay TV package. It probably actually, to some small degree, 
benefited us in the quarter, even though I agree with you. I think once you get a digital signal, it's pretty good. 


<Q - Gerard Hallaren>: Yes, it is. So, it wouldn't be worth your putting a bundle out to companies who could get it 
and they could avoid the retrans fee and maybe pay a one-time fee for getting the DTV into their house. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: We don't see that as a business today. 

<Q - Gerard Hallaren>: Okay. Okay. And my last question comes right to the growth rate issue, and where customers 
come from. 

You swapped out security cards in the quarter, a fair number of them. And I'm sure you caught a good number of 
cheaters out there or pirates out there. Do you have an idea or can you give us some guidance or color as to how many 
of those pirates you nabbed, and how many of them are now DISH customers, and how many of them are facing 
lawsuits? 

<A - Tom Cullen>: Just to clarify, the card swap was completed in the second quarter. So most of the impact on 
subscriber growth, we think was felt in the second quarter. There may be some bleed in into the beginning in the third 
quarter. But we don't think it was significant. And we haven't reported any sub numbers associated with the 
re-securitization of the network. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: But your point's well taken. And it obviously was a positive impact. On churn, we just can't – 
unfortunately, we can't quantify it because most pirates don't call us up and say they were a pirate. They just call up and 
say, oh, they love DISH Network and they've been without it for a period of time. They would love to reconnect. Or a 
lot of pirates buy your basic package, and so a lot of – we had some upgrades from a guy that maybe had the basic 
package and might have upgraded to a higher package because before he was stealing it. 

So it certainly – I think it's important that, at this point, that the satellite industry is secure from a card basis. There are 
other forms of fraud and piracy that are out there. I think we have to look at – continue to make the investment in 
swapping out cards even before the system is broken. And so there's always going to be a cost for us to do that. 

<Q - Gerard Hallaren>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Kraft of Cross Research. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Bryan Kraft>: Hi, thanks. Two questions. One on credit management. Just wanted to hear, if you had made any 
changes to your credit management policies over the last couple of quarters. And then secondly, just on the wireless 
spectrum. Can you provide an update on your activities and plans regarding the spectrum, I think you had mentioned 
that you were doing a trial later this year, just wanted to see if I could get an update. Thanks. 

<A - Robert Olson>: Yeah. With respect to the credit management policies, we won't get into specifics but we alluded 
to this on the last call and I alluded to it earlier today which is we're constantly looking at trying to get our credit 
thresholds just right so that the new customers that we bring in, our customers that are going to be good quality 
customers, that will stay with us long enough to pay back the initial investment that we make in each customer. And we 
have from time-to-time, tinkered with various things such as credit scores and certain forms of payment. And you 
know, as I alluded to earlier, there are probably periods of time – not in this quarter, prior to the quarter- The question 
was did we change anything in the quarter. In this quarter, no. 

But there have been changes that were made earlier in this year that we maybe seeing some benefits from. As I alluded 
to, we were probably across – we were probably tighter in our measures for some period of time leading up to this 
summer. And then I think this summer, we did make some changes that caused us to accept more customers up-front 
and we're constantly looking at that to make sure that we are indeed only taking customers that will pay for us -- pay 
over the long run which- provide a return over the long run. 

<Q - Bryan Kraft>: Given the change that you made earlier in the year, have you -- what is the trend been in 
involuntary churn? Has it stayed stable despite loosening up the policies a little bit or...? 


<A - Robert Olson>: Well, you've seen our overall churn rate has declined and involuntary churn has contributed to 
that. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: This is Charlie. The biggest change we made was to accept debit cards. We had made a change 
not to accept debit cards because we didn't have the ability to distinguish between a prepaid debit card and a debit card 
so a debit cardholder was always a pretty good customer but a prepaid debit card customer was a horrible customer. 
And so we -- the change we made this year was when we are able to distinguish between a prepaid debit card customer 
and a debit card customer. That had a positive impact without the corresponding negative impact in churn from-
eliminating a prepaid debit card customer was a positive impact to churn. So that's not the only thing we've done, but 
that's a primary example. 

Having said that, the churn that we have today has no relation to our policies today. It has relation to our policies a year 
or two or three years ago and the policies that we have today will affect our churn next time, this time next year. So 
there is always a delay -- there is always a delay in churn and I think that there's no question that the programming 
discounting when that programming discount goes away, your churn is going to go up. And that's probably the single 
biggest thing that everybody in our industry has to worry about. And we just want to be -- I think where our focus is is 
to be the least of programming discount-. Not to get in it at all, but when we are involved in it to be at the low end of 
the scale of discounting. I would be very scared to be higher than we are today. 

<Q - Bryan Kraft>: Great, thanks. That's very helpful. And if you could comment on the wireless that'd be great? 

<A - Charles Ergen>: Wireless spectrum. Well, we think it is a good asset. Again, some -- we're testing now, a 
number of uses of the wireless spectrum including mobile video. Some will depend on perhaps the FCC's now 
instituted comments on spectrum and broadband and so forth. And I think a lot of where we might go with that 
spectrum will depend on where we think the FCC is going to go with policy. And so we're looking for -- I think we're 
looking for a little direction perhaps out of Washington as to where we -- we think we're going to come up with two or 
three, we think good uses of that spectrum and then see where Washington indicates they're going to go with long-term 
spectrum policy and then go. I think for an investor point of view, I don't think you should expect the large capital 
commitment in the near-term until we see, a better idea of where we think Washington will be with it. 

<Q - Bryan Kraft>: Ok, great. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Marci Ryvicker of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Marci Ryvicker>: Thanks. Two quick questions. First, Charlie, earlier in this year, you said ARPU had hit 
bottom in the third quarter. Is this still the case? And then, secondly, you guys had some pretty nice sub gains this 
quarter. Where are they coming from? If you can, distinguish between DIRECTV, cable and the telcos. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: I'll let Tom take the second part of that. I don't know that I've said ARPU is going to hit bottom. 
I think that I do think that the overlapping discounts which is, in effect, this quarter, again it goes one more quarter, 
doesn't it? I think you get one more quarter. Yes. We get the third quarter -- we get the fourth quarter of overlapping 
discounts. We're actually at two different discount programs going at one time. So I think that will continue to put 
pressure on ARPU in the fourth quarter. 

Then I think that kind of reverses a little bit into next year and hopefully our marketing team can come up with things 
which discount less as well. So I can't say that it's the bottom. In fact, even if you weren't discounting, you can't say it's 
going to bottom because there's obviously competitive pressures in the marketplace regardless. But I would say it this 
way. We have room for upside on ARPU. We are double-digits below our competition. We have room on the upside. 

<A - Tom Cullen>: And Marci, on the second question, a number of factors at work here. One, obviously our share 
within DBS grew in the quarter in terms of activations. We've also made a concerted effort since I'd say around April or 
May to get feet on the street and to reinvigorate our relationships with our channel partners, whether those be telcos or 


our retailers and distributors. And so, we've been out very aggressively in local markets working with retailers. And I 
think that helped us in share within both DBS and also locally in local markets. 

I guess the larger -- I'm not sure it's a trend but an observation is that we are seeing somewhat of an unbundling trend as 
people are disconnecting phone service and the number of households that have broadband. The propensity to switch 
only on the video side is occurring. So, in that regard, we're seeing some from both telcos and cable. 

<Q - Marci Ryvicker>: Great, thank you. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: I think we have time for one more question. 

Operator 

Your final question comes from the line of Jake Newman of CreditSights. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Jake Newman>: Thank you. One quick clarification on what's going on with SAC. Maybe you can talk about the 
decline in SAC. There's, in the 10-Q, a mention of a change in the sales mix, which might make one think that you 
were actually putting out fewer advance boxes. But then the paragraph also says there was upward pressure on SAC as 
a result of that. Can you talk about what's going on in the change in sales mix and the decline in SAC? 

<A - Robert Olson>: Yes, there are a lot of things going on there. We've talked about some of them in the past. Every 
quarter we worked lower, the cost of our capital, CPE. And so that trend continues into the third quarter. We've got 
subtle changes in mix that have occurred over the quarter. But generally, those have tended to sort of cancel each other 
out. And so, you end up with pretty consistent SAC year-over-year. 

<A - Charles Ergen>: Okay. 

<Q - Jake Newman>: Thank you. 

Charles W. Ergen, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you for joining us. I guess we'll be back sometime early next year, February of next year. Thanks for joining us. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


