Q4 2015 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Randy Guiler 
• Robert L. Sasser 
• Kevin S. Wampler 
• Gary M. Philbin 
Other Participants 

• Michael Louis Lasser 
• Scot Ciccarelli 
• Stephen Grambling 
• Dan R. Wewer 
• Joseph Isaac Feldman 
• Trisha Dill 
• John Zolidis 
• Matthew Robert Boss 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, and welcome to Dollar Tree, Inc.'s Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's 
conference is being recorded. 

At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Randy Guiler, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go 
ahead, sir. 

Randy Guiler 

Thank you, Keith. Good morning, and welcome to our conference call to discuss Dollar Tree's performance for the 
fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2015. Participating on today's call will be our CEO, Bob Sasser; CFO, Kevin 
Wampler; and Family Dollar's President and Chief Operating Officer, Gary Philbin. 

Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that various remarks that we will make about future expectations, 
plans and prospects for the company constitutes forward-looking statements for the purposes of the Safe Harbor 
provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those 
indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors included in our most recent press 
release, most recent 8-K, quarterly report on 10-Q and annual report on Form 10-K, which are on file with the SEC. We 
have no obligation to update our forward-looking statements and you should not expect us to do so. At the end of our 
prepared remarks, we will open the call to your questions. Please limit your questions to one and one follow-up 
question if necessary. 

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bob Sasser, Dollar Tree's Chief Executive Officer. 


Robert L. Sasser 

Thanks, Randy. Good morning, everyone. This morning, we announced results for the fourth quarter and full year fiscal 
2015. Total sales for the quarter increased to $5.37 billion and same-store sales on a constant currency basis increased 
1.7%. Total sales for fiscal 2015, which included nearly seven months of Family Dollar sales, were $15.5 billion. Net 
income for the quarter was $229 million and adjusted net income was $239.4 million, near the high end of our range of 
guidance. EPS was $0.97 and adjusted diluted EPS was $1.01. 

I'm extremely pleased with our company's accomplishments in the fourth quarter. Sales were solid and at the midpoint 
of our range of guidance. SG&A expenses were leveraged and well managed. Our Dollar Tree segment continues to 
deliver sector-leading operating margins and earnings were very near the top of our guidance. 

Our customer base is large and it's growing and we continue to meet our milestones and remain on schedule with our 
integration of Family Dollar. 

We have truly an incredible opportunity ahead of us as a combined organization and the strategic rationale for the 
combination continues to be as compelling as ever. In the early stages of integration, there have been no surprises that 
diminish our vision and plans for value creation. In fact, as we improve retail operations, there is increased enthusiasm 
for the opportunity to grow and to serve more customers in more ways as a combined company. 

We have confidence in our disciplined approach to continue improving the customer experience at Family Dollar and 
in our ability to capture synergies for the combined organization. With a focus on managing our business in real-time, 
our eyes are on the horizon as we develop the foundation for a larger, stronger and more diversified business that will 
generate cash and build shareholder value for years to come. 

Only two quarters into the integration, our teams are aligned strategically and collaborating effectively to deliver solid 
results. Accomplishments in the fourth quarter were numerous, including another solid quarter for our Dollar Tree 
banner. As expected, Dollar Tree delivered a low single-digit same-store sales increase. Same-store sales on a constant 
currency basis increased 1.7% and that was on top of a strong 5.6% increase in the fourth quarter a year ago. 
Same-store sales increased as a result of growth in both basic consumables and discretionary products and sales growth 
was driven by increases in both traffic and average ticket. 

Top-performing categories include Party Supplies, Beauty and Eyewear, Snacks and Beverage and Candy and Food. 
Geographically, Dollar Tree same-store sales growth was strongest in the Northeast and Midwest. I'm extremely 
pleased with the consistent growth and strength of Dollar Tree business. This was the 32nd consecutive quarter of 
positive same-store sales. That's 32 straight quarters, eight straight years of comp growth and everything is still a dollar. 

Cycling comps of 5.6% last year and through a difficult consumer environment, fourth quarter results again validate the 
relevance of the Dollar Tree brand. Customers are shopping with us more often and we're attracting new customers 
every day. And when the customers are in the store, they're buying more. Both traffic and average ticket increased for 
the quarter. 

Dollar Tree continues to be part of the solution for millions of consumers as they strive to balance their household 
budgets. We serve a very loyal and growing customer base. Our commitment is to continue serving our existing 
customers better while taking every opportunity to gain new customers in every store every day. 

Our merchant teams do a tremendous job sourcing products that exceed customer expectations for what $1 can buy at a 
cost that meets our margin requirements. Merchandise margin increased in the fourth quarter. Our store teams are 
focused on providing a clean, full, fun and friendly shopping experience. Merchandise values at Dollar Tree are better 
than ever. 

As we entered fourth quarter, store presentations boldly communicated a message to our customers that Dollar Tree 
was the go-to store for basics and your holiday needs. In early November, we focused on first-of-the-month basic 
consumables and Thanksgiving-related foods like chicken broth and vegetables and soups. We placed emphasis on 
taking care of customer needs related to holiday meals with baking basics, mixing bowls, foil pans, turkey basters and 


food storage containers and we addressed the customers' needs related to holiday entertaining with catering trays, bowls 
and servers. 

Our Home for the Holidays promotion featured dinnerware, glassware, table linens and snack foods like cookies and 
mints and party mix and everything was just $1. Immediately following Thanksgiving, our stores made a swift 
transition to Christmas holiday decorations, Toyland and great gift ideas. And the merchants at stores continued to 
build on our last 10-day strategy by bringing all of the last-minute categories together and re-merchandising the front of 
the store with a purpose. 

Our goal is to be the gift supply headquarters for items like holiday tins, gift bags, tissue, wrapping paper, scissors and 
tape. Our customers understand that if you need to wrap it, bag it, box it or tag it, Dollar Tree is the store for you. If 
you're buying your wrap and supplies anywhere else, you're paying too much. 

In addition to our seasonal energy, customers continue to look at Dollar Tree for their basic needs. Throughout the 
quarter, our stores continued to highlight and promote our million-dollar brands. These are brands that they know and 
trust like Pringles, Nabisco, Scotties, Crest Toothpaste and many more. 

Looking forward, the Dollar Tree segment is positioned for increased relevance to our customers, sustained growth and 
improved profitability. We have multiple opportunities to continue growing and improving our business through 
opening more stores and increasing the productivity of all of our stores. 

In the fourth quarter, we opened a total of 63 new Dollar Tree stores. We relocated or expanded 11 Dollar Tree stores. 
We re-bannered 58 Family Dollar stores to Dollar Tree stores and we re-bannered 52 Deals stores to Dollar Tree stores 
for a total of 184 Dollar Tree projects during the fourth quarter. 

Total Dollar Tree banner square footage increased 10.3% compared to the prior year and we ended the fiscal year with 
a total of 5,954 Dollar Tree stores across North America, an increase of 587 stores this year. 

In addition to new stores, we continue to execute our strategy to improve the productivity of our existing stores. Some 
of our drive-the-business initiatives include category expansions. Customers are realizing more value as we rationalize 
and expand assortments in pet supplies, hardware, healthcare, beauty and eyewear as well as home and household 
products. 

We're driving the business with a focus on seasonal relevance. Our storefronts change with the seasons. We want our 
customers to know what season it is when they come in the front door. At Dollar Tree, we want to own the seasons at 
the dollar price point. 

We're driving the business by creating merchandise energy and the thrill of the hunt throughout the store. At Dollar 
Tree, you always find an unexpected value. And we're driving the business by being first-of-the-month ready. We place 
special emphasis on basic, consumable, core items at the beginning of each month when many customers are shopping 
for basic needs. 

We're continuing the expansion of our frozen and refrigerated category. In fourth quarter, we installed freezers and 
coolers in 142 additional Dollar Tree stores. We currently offer frozen and refrigerated product in 4,287 stores and 
growing. Our plan is to roll out freezers and coolers to 400 additional stores in 2016. 

We're on schedule with our plan conversions of our Deals store locations. As we announced in October, we plan to 
dedicate our full energy and resources to our key primary banners: Dollar Tree and Family Dollar. As planned, the 
re-bannering of our 222 Deals stores commenced in January and we're on track to complete this project on schedule. 

We continue to support planned growth with infrastructure and distribution capacity ahead of the need. Construction on 
our newest DC in Cherokee County, South Carolina is on schedule and on budget. This $1.5 million – excuse me 1.5 
million square-foot automated facility will provide capacity and increased efficiency to support continued profitable 
store growth in the Southeast and mid-Atlantic regions of the U.S. We plan to begin shipping products from this new 
facility in July. 


To support continued growth in Western markets, we're expanding our Stockton, California distribution center from 
525,000 square feet to 820,000 square feet, an increase of 55%. This project is also scheduled to be completed by 
mid-year. 

Turning to the Family Dollar banner, we continued to make meaningful progress on the Family Dollar integration. In 
fourth quarter, Family Dollar stores completed the clearance of non-go-forward product at the beginning of November, 
and quickly moved to the impact of the holiday merchandise set. In capsule, we're reclaimed for the holiday period and 
for the January promotional resets. Systems on hands are cleaner and our service levels continued to improve. 

Just over two quarters in, the stores are cleaner, the shelves are better stocked, we've cleaned up old inventory and the 
end caps are more compelling and relevant. The feedback we're receiving has been positive. Our customer satisfaction 
scores have improved, validating that customers are taking notice. 

Regarding sales, for the quarter, the Family Dollar banner delivered a low single-digit positive comp store sales 
increase. Same-store sales increased as the result of growth in both traffic and average ticket, with traffic leading the 
way. Same-store sales increased in both discretionary and consumables, with slightly higher sales growth in 
consumables. Sales were positive each month with the strongest sales increases in December. Geographically, comp – 
comparable store sales at Family Dollar were strongest in the West and the mid-Atlantic. 

For the fourth quarter, we opened a total of 65 new Family Dollar stores. And we relocated or expanded 42 Family 
Dollar stores for a total of 107 projects. Additionally, during the quarter, we re-bannered 58 Family Dollar stores to 
Dollar Tree. We completed the required divestiture of 325 stores to Sycamore Partners at the beginning of the fourth 
quarter. We ended the fiscal year with 7,897 Family Dollar stores and a total Family Dollar and Dollar Tree combined 
store count of 13,851 stores across North America. 

Just like Dollar Tree, our primary areas of focus for Family Dollar stores are on the customer, the shopping experience, 
and the value equation. Merchants and stores are working hard to be first-of-the-month ready and weekend-ready. 
We're paying special attention to opening price points, national brand pricing, the role of private-label products, while 
rationalizing SKUs for increased productivity and a focus on basic in-stock levels. 

Additionally, we're in the process of rolling out our Smart Ways to Save program. The value elements of Smart Ways 
to Save are a combination of everyday low-price elements and items, strategically planed sales and price drop 
promotions, incredible $1! WOW! items and an enhanced assortment of name brands, private-label name brand 
equivalents and value brands. 

In order to earn back our Family Dollar customers' confidence and frequency of visit, we're committed to improving the 
customer experience. There is a keen focus on table stakes including store standards and conditions. We want them to 
be bright, clean and free of clutter; the customer experience, full, in-stock stores, easy-to-shop, trusted value, focus on 
the merchandise relevance. We have to have what our customers need and want, and we're focused on customer 
engagement, friendly and informed associates. 

By identifying and establishing appropriate retailing disciplines and benchmarks, customers are already seeing cleaner 
aisles with less clutter. I'm very pleased to report that recent results from our customer satisfaction surveys are showing 
meaningful improvement in fourth quarter versus prior year customer scores in each of our four primary survey 
categories, which are: store cleanliness, product assortment, customer service and speed of checkout. Continued 
improvements in each of these metrics will contribute to Family Dollar becoming the neighborhood store of choice for 
our customers' shopping trips. 

We will manage investments in table stakes with the same disciplined approach that we have used at Dollar Tree for 
many years, identifying and paying special attention to the customer-facing metrics with a focus on return on 
investment and productivity enhancement, while reducing costs, leveraging our shared services and back-office 
functions and reinvesting some of these savings in the customer. As we've done at Dollar Tree, we will test and learn 
and we will invest prescriptively while measuring return on our investments. As always, our P&L will continue to be 
managed line-by-line, quarter-by-quarter with a keen eye on ROI. Our quarterly guidance will reflect our expectations. 


We continue to have great confidence in our ability to deliver at least $300 million in annual run rate synergies by the 
end of the third full year post closing. And as previously disclosed, these synergies will be achieved with one-time 
costs of $300 million. As a reminder, we have identified synergies in four primary areas. First of all, sourcing and 
procurement, second, our re-banner program for optimizing store formats, third, distribution and logistics, and fourth, 
overhead and corporate SG&A. We still have a lot of work ahead of us, but at this stage, we are clearly on track to 
achieve our first 12-months milestone of at least $75 million in run rate synergies. 

Plans and processes to capture sourcing and procurement synergies are well underway. Our exact item match initiative 
to provide the lowest cost on identical items across both banners is complete with expected results, no surprises. The 
review of similar match items continued with outstanding results, there's more to come here. We're achieving planned 
savings from harmonizing of payment terms. Auctions, RFPs and a formal bid process are well underway on expense 
items. Our savings continue to grow and meet expectations. 

During the fourth quarter, we re-bannered an additional 58 Family Dollar stores to Dollar Tree, bringing our total of 
converted stores for fiscal 2015 to 205 stores. This slightly exceeded our target of 200 conversions for the year. The 
preliminary results are meeting expectations overall and feedback from customers has been positive. We have plans to 
convert an additional 100 Family Dollar stores to Dollar Trees in 2016, and our analysis will continue. Ultimately, our 
strategy is to have the right banner in the best location to serve our customers. 

We're finalizing the supply chain roadmap and will soon be piloting our first co-banner distribution center. With a 
cross-organizational functional team, we are integrating our warehouse management systems and we're making plans to 
rationalize the fleet of combined DCs, analyzing space needs by banner and determining our ability and the merits of 
shipping both banners out of all facilities. This is a very large project with significant opportunity for long-term 
synergies. Our first pilot facility in St. George, Utah is planned to be operational before the third quarter. 

We continue to make progress on reducing costs through a shared services model. We're combining back-office 
functions to support both banners through a shared services organization. Over time, these shared services will include 
human resources, finance, information technology, supply chain and logistics, indirect sourcing and procurement, real 
estate and construction, legal, strategic planning and internal audit. 

Our goal is to provide consistent and efficient support of our business initiatives across the combined organization 
through a more cost-effective approach. We're less than a year into the integration and we've made tremendous 
progress. We still have a great deal of work ahead of us. The timing of some will be dependent on our IT integration. 
Our strategy is not to touch everything at once, but to prioritize our areas of focus to get it right the first time and build 
the overall business for the long term. It's a process. We're employing a well-planned, thoughtful, low-risk, strategic 
approach that will benefit our long-term shareholders. 

Now, I'll turn the call over to Kevin to provide more detail on our fourth quarter financial performance and our initial 
outlook for 2016. 

Kevin S. Wampler 

Thanks, Bob, and good morning. As a result of the acquisition, year-over-year comparisons are difficult. However, we 
have included tables with our press release which we believe will be helpful in better understanding the components of 
our business. 

Total sales for the fourth quarter grew 117% to $5.37 billion, which includes our second full quarter of Family Dollar 
sales. This was at the midpoint of the sales guidance range of $5.32 billion to $5.42 billion. Dollar Tree segment sales 
increased 8.6% to $2.69 billion, while Family Dollar segment sales decreased 2.7% to $2.68 billion. Year-over-year 
sales comparisons for Family Dollar were impacted by 205 re-bannered stores and 325 divested stores. 

Same-store sales on a constant currency basis increased 1.7% versus a very strong 5.6% in the prior year's fourth 
quarter. The increase was driven by both traffic and ticket. Adjusted for the impact of Canadian currency fluctuations, 
same-store sales grew 1.3%. 


All of the recently acquired Family Dollar stores and newly rebannered Family Dollar and Deals stores are considered 
new stores and are excluded from our same-store sales calculation. 

Gross profit for the combined organization increased by $734.5 million or 80% to $1.65 billion for the fourth quarter of 
2015 compared with the prior year's quarter. The majority of the dollar increase was driven by Family Dollar's gross 
profit of $673.7 million. 

Gross profit margin for the Dollar Tree segment was 36.4% during the fourth quarter compared with 37.1% in the prior 
year's fourth quarter. Approximately one-half of the 70 basis point decline as a percent of sales was related to actual 
and accrued markdowns associated with the planned conversion of all Deals stores locations. Other factors contributing 
to the year-over-year decline in gross margin rate was occupancy costs, higher distribution costs and shrink, partially 
offset by improved merchandise costs. 

Gross profit margin for the Family Dollar segment was 25.2% during the fourth quarter compared with 25.1% in the 
comparable period – prior-year period. Including the $15.9 million of inventory step-up amortization, gross profit 
margin was 25.9% for the quarter. The improvement of 80 basis points on a comparable basis was driven by improved 
mark-on and lower markdowns, partially offset by higher occupancy costs. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses in the quarter for the combined organization increased 121% to $1.18 
billion from $534.5 million in last year's fourth quarter. The majority of the $648.4 million increase related to $608.4 
million of Family Dollar expense. 

Q4 SG&A expense for the Dollar Tree segment as a percent of sales was 21.4%, a 20 basis point as a percent to sales 
improvement compared to the prior year's quarter. The current year includes $3.3 million of acquisition and 
integration-related costs, while the prior year included $6.7 million of acquisition-related costs. Excluding these costs, 
adjusted SG&A improved to 21.2% for Q4 compared to 21.3% for the prior year's quarter. This 10 basis point 
improvement was driven primarily by payroll-related costs including retirement plan contributions and store bonuses 
and was partially offset by higher operating and corporate expenses including legal fees and costs associated with the 
Deals store conversion. 

SG&A expense for the Family Dollar segment as a percent of sales was 22.7% compared to 20.6% in the prior year's 
quarter. The current year includes $19.3 million for favorable lease rights amortization, $16 million in additional 
depreciation for useful life and fixed asset revaluation, $8.9 million of severance costs and integration costs. 

The prior year's comparable period included $10.8 million of acquisition-related costs. Excluding these costs, SG&A 
increased 70 basis points as a percent of sales to 20.9% from 20.2% in the prior year. The increase was primarily driven 
by increased incentive compensation, repairs, professional fees and divestiture-related costs. 

Adjusted operating income excluding acquisition and integration-related costs for the Dollar Tree segment increased 
$17.4 million to $407 million. As a percent of sales, adjusted operating income decreased 60 basis points to 15.2% 
compared to 15.8% of sales in the prior year's fourth quarter. 

Adjusted operating income for the Family Dollar segment increased $1.9 million to $134.0 million. The year-over-year 
comparison was impacted by 205 re-bannered stores and the divestiture of 325 Family Dollar stores. As a percent of 
sales, adjusted operating income increased 10 basis points to 5% compared to 4.9% of sales in the prior year's 
comparable period. 

Non-operating expenses for the fourth quarter totaled $117.2 million and were comprised primarily of net interest 
expense of $114.9 million in the quarter which included an acceleration of $19 million in non-cash deferred financing 
costs associated with our prepayment of long-term debt of $1 billion in January. 

For the fourth quarter, the company had net income of $229 million or $0.97 per diluted share. Adjusted net income 
and adjusted earnings per share as detailed in the press release tables were $239.4 million and $1.01 per diluted share. 


Our effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 35% compared to 36.4% in the prior year's quarter. The decrease was 
primarily attributable to an increase in the Work Opportunity Tax Credit in relation to the income for the fourth quarter 
and a decrease in state tax expense. 

Looking at the balance sheet, combined cash and cash equivalents at year end totaled $736.1 million compared to 
$864.1 million at the end of Q4. And as noted, we did make a $1 billion debt prepayment in late January. Our 
outstanding long-term debt is now approximately $7.5 billion. 

Inventory for the Dollar Tree segment at quarter end was 18.9% greater than at the same time last year, while selling 
square footage increased 10.4%. Inventory per selling square foot increased 7.7%. The primary contributors to the 
year-over-year increase in inventory levels relate to the West Coast port disruptions we experienced a year ago, an 
earlier Easter in 2016 and an earlier Chinese New Year. We believe that current inventory levels are appropriate to 
support scheduled new store openings and our sales initiatives for the first quarter. 

For the Family Dollar segment, end-of-year inventory on a selling square foot basis increased 0.6% compared to the 
prior year. We are pleased with the progress we're seeing on in-stock levels of key items. We are continuing to review 
merchandise assortments and believe our current inventory levels are appropriate for the first quarter. 

Capital expenditures were $144 million in the fourth quarter of 2015 versus $71.2 million in the fourth quarter of last 
year. For fiscal 2016, we are planning for consolidated capital expenditures to range from $650 million to $670 million. 
Capital expenditures will be focused on new stores, including 350 new Dollar Tree stores and 200 new Family Dollar 
stores, the remodel, relocation or expansion of approximately 200 stores, the rebannering of approximately 100 Family 
Dollar stores to Dollar Tree stores, and the re-banner of the 158 remaining Deals stores for a total of more than 1,000 
store projects in 2016. In addition, we'll add frozen refrigerated capability to approximately 400 Dollar Tree stores, 
develop IT system enhancements and integration projects, the completion of our new Cherokee County, South Carolina 
distribution center and the completion of our Stockton, California distribution center expansion. 

Depreciation and amortization totaled $174.9 million for the fourth quarter. This includes purchase accounting related 
costs of $19.3 million for favorable lease rights amortization and $16 million in depreciation for useful life and asset 
revaluation. Depreciation expense was $54.4 million in the fourth quarter last year. For fiscal 2016, we expect 
consolidated depreciation and amortization to range from $630 million to $640 million. This range includes increases 
over the historical run rate of depreciation and amortization expense for Family Dollar for two items which are 
included in our guidance. 

First, it includes $8 million for Q1 and $5 million for Q2 of depreciation above the historical run rate for Family Dollar 
as a result of harmonizing the depreciable lives accounting policies of the two companies and the increase in the value 
of the assets based on the purchase price allocation. Secondly, it includes $18.7 million for Q1 and $74 million for 
fiscal 2016 for the amortization of favorable lease rights for the purchase accounting valuation of Family Dollar leases. 

Turning to sales and earnings per share guidance, for modeling purposes, our initial outlook for 2016 includes the 
following assumptions. As a reminder, at the beginning of Q4 2015, we divested 325 Family Dollar stores that 
represented approximately $500 million in annual sales and $45.5 million in operating income. Our same-store sales 
calculation excludes Family Dollar stores and excludes stores that are rebannered. These stores will be included in our 
same-store sales calculations when they have been opened as the Dollar Tree for 15 months. 

We will continue to experience a higher-than-normal degree of cannibalization to Dollar Tree comps as part of our 
re-banner efforts. This cannibalization expectation was planned and factored into both our rebannered strategy analysis 
and our outlook for same-store sales. We will continue our initiatives to re-banner stores, first focusing on rebannering 
all Deals stores, and then we plan to convert an additional 100 Family Dollar stores to Dollar Trees. 

Easter will be one week earlier than in the prior year. This represents an estimated $10 million headwind to sales. 
Inventory step-up amortization will be approximately $6 million in Q1 and $2 million in Q2. We are budgeting lower 
diesel fuel costs than a year ago, with the first half providing the most benefit. Interest expense will be approximately 
$90 million per quarter in 2016. And we do not anticipate any share repurchases in 2016. We cannot predict future 
currency fluctuations. We've not adjusted our guidance for changes in currency rates. Our guidance also assumes a tax 


rate of 36.6% for the first quarter and 36.8% for fiscal 2016. Weighted average diluted share counts are assumed to be 

236.4 million shares for Q1 and for the full year. 
For the first quarter, we are forecasting total sales to range from $5.05 billion to $5.12 billion and diluted earnings per 
share on a GAAP basis in the range of $0.75 to $0.83. These estimates are based on a low single-digit same-store sales 
increase and year-over-year square footage growth of 132%. Sales and earnings per share outlook, for the full fiscal 
year, we are forecasting total sales to range from $20.76 billion to $21.11 billion and diluted earnings per share on a 
GAAP basis in the range of $3.35 to $3.65. These estimates are based on a low single-digit same-store sales increase 
and 4% sales – square footage growth. 

I'll now turn the call back over to Bob. 

Robert L. Sasser 

Thanks, Kevin. I want to close by saying the strategic rationale for the Family Dollar acquisition is as compelling as 
ever. This is an extremely large and complex transaction involving more than 13,000 retail store locations and 23 
distribution centers. While we are still in the early stages of the integration process, I'm very pleased with our process 
and our progress. Gary Philbin and the leadership team at Family Dollar are working the plan effectively and 
efficiently. We continue to have great confidence in our ability to deliver at least $300 million in annual run rate 
synergies by the end of year three. I believe we can exceed these expectations. These synergies will be achieved 
through a combination of lowering costs, both direct and indirect sourcing, banner optimization, logistics and overhead. 

I'm extremely proud of our combined Family Dollar and Dollar Tree teams. They've accomplished extraordinary feats 
in a very short time. But this is just the beginning. There's much more to do and I will tell you that as always, we will 
employ a disciplined approach to driving key strategic initiatives to the combined organization through improved 
communication, analysis, collaboration and incentives. We're confident that placing our initial emphasis in these areas 
can materially enhance operating performance of the Family Dollar brand through improvements in sales, margins, 
expense control and greater customer satisfaction. 

I'll close the prepared remarks by saying the Dollar Tree business model is powerful, flexible and more relevant than 
ever, providing extreme value to customers, while recording record levels of earnings. Our model has been tested by 
time and validated by history. For 32 consecutive quarters, the Dollar Tree banner has delivered positive same-store 
sales increases. Through good times and difficult times and all retail cycles, consumers are looking for value no matter 
what the state of the economy. While our price point remains $1, our operating margin continues to lead the discount 
sector. With the addition of Family Dollar, we're a larger, stronger and more diversified business, better able to grow in 
more markets while serving more customers with exactly what they're looking for: great value in every store, every 
day. Our future has never been brighter. 

Operator, we're now ready for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We ask that you limit your number of questions to one and one follow up. Thank you. We'll 
take our first question from Michael Lasser with UBS. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Michael Louis Lasser>: Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. It's on the core Dollar Tree 
business. This is the third quarter in a row where the comps were below 3%. Are you seeing any indications that you're 
running into some of the limitations of your merchandise flexibility with the single price point model? And along those 
lines, what are you anticipating on the merchandising side to see the benefit given what some of the Asian currencies 
have done and given how much that you source your product overseas? And then I have a quick follow-up. Thanks. 


<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Michael, thanks for the question. To the first part of the question, we're not limited by the 
merchandise assortment or the price point. We have more assortment than ever. Our values are better than ever. Our 
stores are larger, there's more merchandise and more assortment than we've ever had, so there's no limitation to that. If 
you look at fourth quarter largely, we're up against a very big fourth quarter last year, 5.6% comp, and the year before. 
So basically in a sort of a tough economy, we are up against a fairly difficult comparison, 5.6%, and I think the 1.7% 
comp that you see is admirable considering what we faced with comp last year. 

As to China, our sourcing continued to be strong and vibrant. We still import a lot of product. About 40% of our 
business is in product that we import, and that continues. Our pricing out of China has been very positive. We've been 
able to not only improve values in our product by taking the lower costs and turning that into more value for the 
customer, but also we've been able to reduce costs on things that we buy every quarter, every year, that we keep in our 
stores all the time. So the basics, we've been able to reduce costs on that, especially on the last trip. So you had a 
follow-up question? 

<Q - Michael Louis Lasser>: Yeah, my other question was on the guidance for the year. What have you assumed on 
wage increases, additional investments in the stores and the cost to harvest the synergies within your outlook for the 
[ph] upcoming year (36:29)? Thank you so much. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Michael, as we work to put our guidance together for the full year, we obviously take all 
those things into consideration. Obviously from a wage perspective, there continue to be certain states in the U.S. as 
well as provinces in Canada that continue to raise their individual minimum wages, and obviously we put those into the 
mix as we look at our business, no different than any other year. And to the point, we've historically said we're 
competitive in the markets we're in, and that's important because you have to be to get good employees at the end of the 
day. So, I don't think that's really changed what it is within the guidance. 

As you look at the synergies and you look at the cost to achieve, obviously we have an expectation that we will achieve 
synergies this year. There are synergies baked in. We haven't specifically set the dollars. And part of that is due to the 
timing is a little bit hard to nail specifically down. We are well on our way to meeting or beating the first year run rate 
of $75 million of synergies. So, I think we've baked things in accordingly. But still a lot of work to be done to make 
that happen. But we feel good about where we're at today. 

<Q - Michael Louis Lasser>: Okay. Thank you so much and good luck with the year. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: Hey, we got Ciccarelli there. Good morning, guys. 

<Q - Michael Louis Lasser>: Good morning. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: The first question is, is there an estimate that you guys have in terms of the impact of 
cannibalization in the quarter? Obviously, Kevin, you made that reference. I think you guys talked about it last quarter 
as well. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Yeah, I think as we look at it, and we obviously analyze it and we analyze it going into it as 
we've said within the prepared remarks, that the expectation was there was going to be some effect and it was a little 
less than 0.5%. But I think directionally, that's exactly where we expected it to be. So in some ways – and that was all 
related to re-bannering. So in some ways, I guess you could say without that, we would've been above a 2%. But I think 
we all know that for the improvement of the business, we're doing the right things with these re-bannerings; they are 
going to be great stores, great opportunity to put the best store in the best location for our customers and put our best 
foot forward. And it will show in the bottom line as we go forward; so I think that's the way we think about it. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: Okay. That's helpful. And then is there a synergy number that we can kind of think about for the 
quarter that's just completed or is the bulk of that $75 million really going to happen in the first half of 2016, just given 


the timing issues that you already mentioned? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Yeah, I think as we think about it, it's probably more to the back half a little bit. There is a 
little bit within the first quarter, but we're not really going to speak to a specific number at this point in time, but it is 
built into our guidance. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: And was there anything that you were able to capture in the fourth quarter that you can outline? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Yeah, I think obviously, there was a little bit in the fourth quarter as it relates to the exact 
match process that Bob spoke to in his comments. The merchants have worked hard on that and there was some of that 
that did go into effect in a sense. What you've got to remember is you've already got merchandise in – on hand basically 
at the prior price, so it takes a while to work through the system to see the benefit, is kind of the way you need to think 
about that. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: So in other words, just a point of clarification here, the bulk of the synergies for first year we're 
really going to start to see accelerate in 2Q of 2016? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: I think that's when we'll start to definitely see some things hitting that will make a 
difference. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: Got it. Thanks a lot, guys. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Stephen Grambling>: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions as well. Just to follow-up on the 
guidance, can you just provide a little more color on how you think about the profitability by segment, maybe 
excluding the synergies? Just whatever the high level puts/takes to think about are. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: At this point we're going to give guidance as a combined company. I think, as you look at 
it, the – at the midpoint of our guidance, our operating margin for Q1 basically gives about a mid-7% number. If you 
look at it for the full year, you're at the high 7%s, approaching 8%. We're going to give guidance as a combined 
company. We'll give you color at the end of each quarter, but that's how we're going to factor that as we go forward. 

<Q - Stephen Grambling>: Okay. Fair enough. And then is there any detail you can provide on what you are seeing 
from these rebannerings as it relates to the productivity so far and profitability? And then any other color you can 
provide on the next group of stores and how they may differ from the first set? 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Yeah, I will tell you that the rebanners are meeting our expectations. We started off as you 
know with an analysis of the stores that we thought could be better served – better serve the customers as a Dollar Tree 
than a Family Dollar, and Family Dollars that were underperforming frankly, because obviously if we can improve the 
performance of those Family Dollar stores by turning to a Dollar Tree we'd like to take a look at doing that. We 
modeled against really the Family Dollar – the Dollar Tree model to come up with a large list and then we went 
through the process of reviewing those stores, actually going out and – sending people out to visit the sites, and put 
their eyes on it, as well as having the analysis. So from that is how we picked the first 200 stores, 300 stores now. 

We'll continue the analysis. I will tell you that haven't learned a whole lot different from what we first did in regard to 
analyzing the Family Dollar stores. Again, they were underperforming Family Dollar stores that we put through the 
Dollar Tree real estate model, and from the Dollar Tree real estate model we came with a sales projection, and from 
that we knew what we could do, what we thought we could do as a Dollar Tree. So that's how we chose them. I don't 
think there's – it's really early. One of the reasons we're doing 100 stores this year instead of maybe more is the fact that 
we would like to let the first 200 stores sort of burn in, and have a few months. Some of them we've only had a few 
weeks on with the results, and most we've only had a few months. So with a little more time, then I think we'll probably 
find some more opportunity to improve that model and to improve the location and the rebannering project. 


But I will tell you it's exciting, the rebannering is absolutely hitting our expectations of what we can deliver. And by the 
way, I think by running better stores, obviously we can improve as we do in all Dollar Tree stores, from opening to 
really going after the customer in those markets and running great stores for those neighborhoods. 

<Q - Stephen Grambling>: Thanks. And one last one if I can, then I'll yield. But on the transition service agreement, I 
think you had talked about with the divested stores, was that in place in the quarter? Is there any way to help us size 
that? Thank you. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: The TSA was in place in the quarter, obviously from the standpoint of we divested of the 
325 stores at the beginning of the quarter. We do support Sycamore Partners for these stores on an ongoing basis. And 
again, as we called out last quarter, there are certain costs that we are incurring, and expect to incur, as part of that. 

On the flipside of that, we do get some reimbursement as per the TSA for some of those services provided. It was – so 
on a go forward basis, my expectation is that it will be hopefully fairly neutral, but it's not totally known based upon all 
the services that we have to provide. But we will be providing accounting services, the merchandise is still bought and 
distributed by us to those 325 stores – accounting services and HR services and various things like that. So, it's a fairly 
involved process realistically. 

<Q - Stephen Grambling>: Great. Thanks so much. Best of luck this year. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Thank you. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We will go next to Dan Wewer with Raymond James. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Dan R. Wewer>: Thanks. Hey, good morning, Bob. 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Good morning, Dan. How are you? 

<Q - Dan R. Wewer>: Good. How are you doing? 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: I'm terrific. 

<Q - Dan R. Wewer>: On the 1% to 2% same-store sales gain at Family Dollar. Were you initially thinking it could be 
a bit better than that given that you've taken the 200 underperforming Family Dollar stores out of their comp base, and 
as you alluded to, the in-store standards are better, in-stock levels are better? It seems like the Family Dollar segment 
could have achieved a little bit better same-store sales growth? 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: I think it's just early, Dan. I think we can achieve better, more consistent same-store sales 
growth at Family Dollar, but, boy, there was a lot of things going on there, including a clearance event that was ending 
sometime early November, changing around the store, the endcaps, getting rid of old merchandise, working on 
improving the in-stock position, setting holiday merchandise that had already been bought, and displaying that 
appropriately and just engaging in the customer. So they really accomplished a lot of things at the Family Dollar 
business early on, in addition to all the synergy work that's being done there and combining with the shared services. 

So a lot was accomplished there. I'm pleased with where we came from with the Family Dollar, frankly, business where 
we divested 325 stores, $0.5 billion in sales. That we rebannered 205 stores, and all those moving pieces have an effect 
on the base. It's a little bit from the – it's a lot to do for an organization in a short period of time, and at the same time 
the business environment in fourth quarter for consumers just wasn't as robust as you might've wanted it to be. 

So let's give it a little more time. I expect it's going to continue to improve, and I have great confidence in the 
management team to do the things to focus on the customer and engage with the customer, and provide more value in 
that business, which – that's where we're putting our focus. Just like Dollar Tree, we're going to run great stores. We'll 
win by running great stores at Family Dollar. 


<Q - Dan R. Wewer>: And then a follow-up also related to revenues. When you look at the core segment, the Dollar 
Tree store sales per square foot is now the highest, I believe, since 2002, and of course back then your stores were only 

– the prototypes were only half of the size that it is currently. With that in mind, just mathematically it's really difficult 
to get to 3% and 4% same-store sales growth because the denominator is so large. So going forward do you think 2% is 
kind of the appropriate bogey for the core segment same-store sales? 
<A - Robert L. Sasser>: I wouldn't agree on the 3% to 4% not being – out of reach or even more. I mean, it's really 
about how well we serve the customer, and there are some headwinds out there from time to time in the economy, in 
the economic environment, in employment, and all those things that we sort of whine about that we can't do much with, 
but at the same time they cycle in, they cycle out, and over the longer haul we can do more in our Dollar Tree stores. 
Our sales productivity per foot is not at the peak of where it can be. 

There's always – there always are things that we can do by expanding categories that are growing, by pulling back on 
categories that are declining, by increasing the value. The idea of buying better with a combined larger company and 
leveraging the power of our pencil to buy better, to distribute goods better, the logistics costs, we ought to be able to 
leverage those for both banners and provide more efficient and better supply merchandise to our stores. So, you know, I 
mean, model as you wish, but for the long haul I believe that our Dollar Tree business is going to remain vibrant for 
years to come. 

<Q - Dan R. Wewer>: Do you think that you're at a point where maybe you need to reinvest some of that 
industry-leading margin in the Dollar Tree segment back into market share initiatives? 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: We should always take a look at that, and we should always let the market and the customer 
be our guide on what the value equation needs to be. Everything is $1. Other retailers will raise or lower their prices. At 
Dollar Tree, we change the product. We'll either improve the value or take a little more in margin. So, we'll continue to 
do that. I will tell you this, though there's really room – there's a lot of room in our operating margin to improve it. One 
of the things I'm most proud of is the sector-leading operating margin. And there's a few things that we can do to 
improve that, even though it's sector-leading, we can continue to grow that. We don't have to take away from it to 
invest in the customer. We can run our business better still, and it's all – it's driven by just a few factors. 

First of all, we got to improve our DC costs. By improving our DC costs, we'll be able to improve our operating 
margin. By improving our – by the use of better staffing models and leveraging engineered standards we can improve 
our DC costs. Our shrink is higher than it should be. It's grown over the last couple years. We can improve that. We've 
always been able to run a very well-managed shrink component in our business, and I expect that we're going to get 
back to a better shrink number. Unfortunately shrink, as you know, has a tail. Once you know it and see it, then all the 
initiatives that you do to bring it back in line sort of don't show up until you reach – until you cycle through some 
inventories and the like. But we're on top of it and we can improve our shrink. We can also improve our – we'll 
leverage our occupancy with our comp store sales increases. We've had 32 straight quarters. Whether it's 2% or 3% or 
4%, we'll leverage, we'll continue to leverage those fixed costs with our comp sales increase. 

And another big thing is by leveraging the combined companies as individual banner, one plus one doesn't equal two 
here. As we start bringing together our shared services for both banners, we're going to lower costs across both banners 
in the back office functions. So there's room for us to continue to grow our comp sales. There's room for us to continue 
to invest in our customer and be relevant and offer the best values in the business for a dollar, and at the same time 
improve our operating margin. 

<Q - Dan R. Wewer>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

And our next question will come from Joseph Feldman with Telsey. Please go ahead. 


<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Hey, Joe. 

<Q - Joseph Isaac Feldman>: Yeah. Hi, guys. Good morning. I wanted to ask – you made a comment about the 
integration of systems and technology. And I guess I just wanted to get an update on where that does stand, because – 
and how you're kind of platforming across the two businesses. 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Joe, well, we've got a plan. We've got a roadmap that sort of we're not doing everything at 
one time. Some things have to do – be done before you can do the next step by the way. But we have a plan for that 
over the next three years of systems integration. We're doing a lot of work around what – bringing together shared 
services as a priority, being able to, for example, get everyone on the same financial system so that we can pay all the 
bills the same way using the same system. We're currently, you've heard me reference St. George, Utah, we're currently 
working on combining and integrating the WMS systems. We're taking a Family Dollar bannered DC in St. George, 
Utah, and we're doing that right now. We'll start receiving sometime April/May, the Dollar Tree merchandise along 
with the Family Dollar merchandise. And we'll start shipping and testing that shortly after that is the plan. 

And of course, when we get that right and we have confidence that we can do that other places, then we'll begin rolling 
out and combining some other DCs as appropriate to do two things. One thing – one is to create – give us more 
capacity in the buildings that we own, whether it's Family Dollar that needs the capacity or Dollar Tree that needs 
capacity, by being able to ship both banners out of any building will enable us to use the capacity better. And then 
secondly to improve the cost structure by rationalizing the DC network, getting the DCs in the right place and to serve 
the right banner. 

So that's some of the priorities that we have. We're going to keep the merchandising separate. And some of the back 
office things to do with merchandising we'll try to leverage, but Family Dollar buyers are going to be buying using 
Family Dollar systems, and Dollar Tree, alike, using the Dollar Tree systems. As far as retail purchasing right now, 
we're going to combine some of the back office things and leverage our international sourcing, leveraging freight rates 
across both banners, leveraging our international organization across both banners, our QA, QC, all of those things 
we'll be leveraging. But – so that sort of gives you a color. There is a roadmap for the entire network system-by-system, 
and it spans for the next three years with the most important thing is to get – glean the most value the earliest at the 
front end. 

<Q - Joseph Isaac Feldman>: Got it. Thanks. And then just as a follow-up, can you help dimensionalize maybe the – 
this $300 million in synergies? I know, there's the four buckets. And I know we've talked about some of the 
merchandising ones probably coming earlier in the process of the three years, but like how should we think about how 
big each bucket is going forward? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Yeah, as we've talked to them, the four buckets, the biggest one by far is the procurement 
bucket, which includes both merchandise and non-merchandise spend basically. And that's roughly over 60% basically 
of the overall $300 million. So that's where the – that's very the wide net as you might imagine, not only when you 
think about all the things we buy. So merchandise is merchandise, but when you look at all those services and goods 
that we buy as organizations, being able to leverage that across both organizations, streamline processes, determine the 
best way to go forward for both banners is really very exciting and very powerful. 

So that by far is the biggest bucket. The second biggest bucket that we spoke to in the past is the rebannering process 
and taking underperforming stores and turning them into stores that are performing at a higher level at an average 
Dollar Tree rate. So that's the second one. 

And the third buckets and fourth buckets are smaller. We've always said that the distribution logistics has a chance to 
be a big number, but it's a longer-term project. So to Bob's point when he was speaking to the work being done today 
on looking at the systems and how you ship both banners out of one distribution center, that potentially has some big 
payback, but it's a little further down the road. So that's kind of directionally how to think about it. 

<Q - Joseph Isaac Feldman>: Got it. That's helpful. Thanks, guys. Good luck with this quarter. 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from Matt Nemer with Wells Fargo Securities. 

<Q - Trisha Dill>: Good morning. This is Trisha Dill in for Matt. So I just had a question first on the core Dollar Tree 
operating margin that came in a little lighter than we expected and down versus last year compared to I think your 
expectations they're relatively flat, even ex the Deals markdown. And [ph] FDO (58:05) came in a little above our 
expectations, so I'm just wondering if you can comment on what was different there versus your expectations in both 
segments. And then I just had a follow-up after that. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Yeah, I think, on the Dollar Tree side of the equation, I think, obviously the Deals 
markdowns were a known number, and that was by far the largest portion of the decrease in our gross profit. On a 
lower comp, we don't get as much leverage on occupancy and distribution as we normally would. And again, to the 
point of what we're trying to do there, and to Bob's speaking to, we know we can do better from a distribution 
standpoint. 

And then shrink being the other item which we're not happy with our performance this year and we've obviously got 
teams focused on that. But that was a headwind. What was really positive at the end of the day was the fact that our 
merchandise costs continued to be better. The mark-on was up, so we're buying better. Freight was a benefit, so a lot of 
things going really well there and that's very positive and we'll continue to be positive we believe as we go forward. 

I think the other thing I would say about the Dollar Tree business is even on a lower comp for the quarter and even the 
year, we were able to leverage our SG&A expenses. So to me, that's very powerful to the model. There's a lot of 
companies that would not be able to leverage their SG&A at this type of a comp level, so again, it's part of our 
disciplined approach as we go forward. 

I think speaking to the Family Dollar business, I think in general, I think the gross profit came in about where we 
thought it would. I think we've made some good strides. The team there working to – again, a lot of work being done to 
make sure we get the – some of the best net debt costs that we can in the system and be able to track that and base our 
business off of that. So I think that's very positive. 

I think as we spoke to in the prepared remarks, some of the headwinds as far from a comparability standpoint relate to 
incentive compensation, divestiture costs and some things like that. So overall, I don't know that there were a lot of big 
surprises. Obviously, if sales maybe would have been more towards the – the good thing is sales were at the middle of 
the range, earnings were at the top end, towards the top end of the range. So I think the flow-through was actually 
pretty good at the end of the day. So I think that's how we think about it. 

<Q - Trisha Dill>: That's very helpful. Thanks. And then just a quick clarification on the full year EPS guidance. Last 
quarter you provided a reconciliation with a few adjustments leading to adjusted EBITDA, and just wondering if you 
can help us understand what those same adjustments would be for your 2016 guidance. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Yeah, I think, we've really laid them out to you in the sense of the prepared remarks. 
Obviously, we talked about the fact that the inventory step-up amortization is $6 million in Q1 and $2 million in Q2. 
As we look to the purchase accounting items that we talked about since the day of the first quarter, you'll continue to 
see lease – favorable lease rights amortization. It's about $18.7 million for Q1, $74 million for the year, and that $18.7 
million steps down about $200,000 a quarter roughly at the end of the day. And then you have additional depreciation 
above the historical run rate related to the revaluation of assets and the change in policies, and basically that's about $8 
million in Q1 and $5 million in Q2. 

So those are really the items as we see it. So that's again why we gave them to you today in the prepared remarks and 
that should help you be able to do any of the adjustments that you want to within your processes. Our viewpoint is, we 
gave GAAP guidance today. That's where we're going to continue to give GAAP guidance on a go-forward basis. We 
think that's obviously the cleanest way. Obviously we're required to do that to begin with, but secondarily, the items are 
known. The adjustments are known now. I think everybody understands them, and I think it will be cleaner for 
everybody. 


<Q - Trisha Dill>: Great. Thanks so much. 

Operator 

And we have time for a few more questions. We'll go next to John Zolidis with Buckingham Research. 

<Q - John Zolidis>: Hi. Good morning, and thanks for taking my question. My question is on merchandising at the 
Family Dollar stores. When you take a look at those stores and compare the model to the core Dollar Tree, is there any 
idea that maybe you can add some new categories of product to Family Dollar that might help to improve the 
productivity that simultaneously wouldn't take away sales from your core Dollar Tree stores? 

<A - Gary M. Philbin>: Hey, John. Gary Philbin. Good morning. Let me start by maybe just describing – one of the 
reasons we did the acquisition was to have two compelling banners. So this is not an exercise to turn Family Dollar into 
Dollar Tree. And so we are rooted in the customers we serve and where we serve them. So I'd like to make sure we're 
very clear. We're going to have a very productive Family Dollar banner with compelling assortments that we think fit 
the bill for the folks that shop us, and that we felt revolves an awful lot around first of month and delivering basics, and 
giving them items that on a discretionary basis they need to round out their shopping trip. 

So starting with that, I would say that's where we're grounded. But part of the synergy effort is having our merchants sit 
together. And I just got back from our most recent trip in China where both our Family Dollar and Dollar Tree 
merchants are able to sit in the same room and take a look at items. And so that's going to be a piece that trip after trip, 
where our merchants can sit in the same room and find the things that fit for Family Dollar, that for us means opening 
price point, great value, items that can be imported that are private brands. All those things are going to take shape as 
we continue the iterations of our merchants getting together. 

So there's going to be some items that you might see in both banners, but if you ever go into a Dollar Tree or Family 
Dollar and mistake one for the other, we've really missed the mark on that assortment. You're going to see two 
compelling stores and assortments and quite frankly, even on the real estate side where they live, which really is a 
growth curve for both banners as we go forward. So I hope that helps. 

<Q - John Zolidis>: Thanks a lot for that answer. 

Operator 

And we can take our final question from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 

<Q - Matthew Robert Boss>: Hey. Thanks, guys. So as we think to the spring versus the fall of this year, what 
category should we keep an eye on in Family Dollar stores, more on the merchandising and the pricing front? And then 
anything to watch on the circular and promotional cadence? 

<A - Gary M. Philbin>: Well, of course, we start with delivering the basics. I tell our folks we have 12 holidays a 
year, it's called first of the month, so we're spending a lot of energy at Family Dollar making sure that our stores are 
ready. The investment that we want to make with our customer is really a kickoff around that time of the month. Folks 
have money in their pocket to spend and we want to be ready. So all the things that we've been working on – getting the 
non-go-forward inventory cleared down to get our on-hands better, so that we can have our shelves better stocked. I 
mean, that's the effort we've made up to this point to go into the springtime. 

Now obviously we got Easter holiday ahead of us going into a season that is obviously spring and summer after that. 
But I would tell you an awful lot of what we're working on is delivering the basics every day, which our customer 
research says they'll give us credit for that if we're able to deliver on that week in, week out, month in, month out. 

As far as promotional strategy, you might see we introduced smart ways to save, which really for me is a way of tying 
together what our customers are going to see. Our ads will reflect our stores. And so when you think about how you 


ought to save at a Family Dollar, our customers are giving us credit now for our everyday low price. Of course we've 
always had traffic drivers on our sale items. The company, even before we bought them, certainly had over a thousand 
$1 WOW! items in the store that customers loved to shop. We have an extensive private brands program that certainly 
lends itself to compare and save, and what we're introducing is Price Drop, which is nothing new compared to other 
retailers, but for us it's a way of delivering value to our customers on some of the items they shop most often. And so 
it's another arrow in our quiver that allows us to deliver value to our customers on a monthly basis, and it's really a way 
of showing from ad to the store to even how we think about our customers' shopping patterns, how they ought to come 
into a Family Dollar and shop. So we think it's an exciting kickoff and really gives our merchants and really great 
support from our vendor community, another way to drive more incremental cases at Family Dollar. 

<Q - Matthew Robert Boss>: Great. And then just a follow-up, with some of the tougher comps behind us, I guess 
just any comments on current business? And then within your 2016 guidance, what base case level of debt pay down is 
implied to get to the $360 million interest expense? Is there any opportunity for additional pay down as the year 
progresses? And just where do you see the leverage ratio exiting the year? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: I'll take the debt piece, Matt. Basically the $90 million a quarter of interest, $360 million, 
assumes no additional pay down at this point in time. So obviously if we make the determination as we work through 
the year that we're ready to pay down additional debt it could have a positive effect, but at this point in time within the 
guidance there is no assumption of any additional pay down. So that's kind of where that stands at this point. 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: As far as current trends, obviously we've finished one period out of the three, so it's – still got 
two periods to go in the quarter, but I'm pleased with where we are. There's always – you usually get a weather report 
sometime in February, and when weather was adverse, it wasn't good, we thought, but overall we ended up with a good 
first period and on track for a good quarter. And frankly I'm looking forward to a period of time when we don't have 
those disruptions like we had last year from the port strike, and I think, you can see that in our inventory we have the 
inventory that we should have had last year. We actually have that inventory this year, so my expectation is that we're 
going to have a – we're on track for a good first quarter. Easter is a little early. The early Easters at Dollar Tree aren't 
usually good, so we've said that's a $10 million headwind. But at the end of the day, we've given you our first quarter 
guidance and any color on that is we're on track. 

<Q - Matthew Robert Boss>: Great. Best of luck. 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And, ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's Q&A session. I'd like to return the floor to Randy Guiler for 
closing comments. 

Randy Guiler 

Thank you, Pete, and thank you for joining us for today's call and for your continued interest in Dollar Tree. Our next 
quarterly earnings call is tentatively scheduled for Thursday, May 26, 2016. Thank you, and have a good day. 

Operator 

And this does conclude today's program. Thanks for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 


have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2016, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


