Q2 2012 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Timothy J. Reid 
• Bob Sasser 
• Kevin S. Wampler 
Other Participants 

• Matt R. Boss 
• Meredith Adler 
• Dan Wewer 
• Scot Ciccarelli 
• Peter J. Keith 
• Daniel T. Binder 
• Joseph Parkhill 
• Anthony C. Chukumba 
• David M. Mann 
• Adrianne T. Shapira 
• Chuck P. Grom 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Please stand by. Good day and welcome to the Dollar Tree Incorporated Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. As 
a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. 

At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Tim Reid, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 

Timothy J. Reid 

Thank you, Jim. 

Good morning and welcome to the Dollar Tree conference call for the second quarter of fiscal 2012. Our call today will 
be led by Bob Sasser, our President and Chief Executive Officer, who will provide insights on our performance in the 
quarter and recent developments in our business. Kevin Wampler, our Chief Financial Officer, will provide a more 
detailed review of our second quarter financial performance and provide our guidance for the remainder of 2012. 

Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that various remarks that we will make about future expectations, 
plans, and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for the purposes of the Safe Harbor 
provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 

Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various 
important factors included in our most recent press release, most recent current report on Form 8-K, quarterly report on 
Form 10-Q and Annual Report on Form 10-K, all of which are on file with the SEC. We have no obligation to update 
our forward-looking statements and you should not expect us to do so. 


Also, you're reminded that during the second quarter of this year, the company's Board of Directors approved and the 
company executed a two for one stock split in the form of a 100% stock dividend. All share and per share data in 
today's report have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the stock split. 

At the end of our planned remarks, we will open the call to your questions, which we ask that you limit to one question 
and one follow-up question, if necessary. 

Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Bob Sasser, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Bob? 

Bob Sasser 

Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. 

This morning we announced our sales and earnings for the second quarter of 2012. Comparable store sales increased 
4.5%. This increase was on top of a 4.7% comp in the second quarter of last year and it was driven principally by 
increases in traffic. 

Total sales for the quarter grew 10.5% to $1.705 billion, exceeding the high-end of our guidance. Earnings for the 
second quarter were $0.51 per diluted share. This represents a 30.8% increase over last year's $0.39 per share. 
Operating margin for the quarter was 10.8%, an increase of 80 basis points over the second quarter of last year and 
another record quarter. Just to note, this is our second – this is our highest second quarter operating margin ever as a 
public company. Operating income was $184.4 million, an increase of $30.9 million or 20.1% over last year. And net 
income rose 25.6% to $119.2 million. 

For the first half of 2012 compared with last year, sales were $3.43 billion, an increase of 11%, and comp store sales 
increased 5.1%. First half 2012 earnings per share were $1.01, an increase of 27.8% compared with $0.79 per share in 
the first half last year. 

Operating income increased by $57.2 million. Operating margin was 10.9%, an increase of 70 basis points compared 
with the first half 2011, and net income rose 20.1% to $235.3 million. 

I'm pleased with our performance in the second quarter. Both top-line sales and earnings exceeded the upper end of 
guidance. Most importantly, we provided value to our customers and brought a record level of second quarter earnings 
to the bottom-line. 

I'm particularly pleased by the productivity of our new stores. Our location planning is improving, the value of our 
merchandise has never been better, and customers are responding enthusiastically. 

In our current economy, with customers struggling to balance their family budgets in the face of persistently high 
unemployment and now unpredictable fuel prices, many people are finding Dollar Tree to be a destination for 
high-value consumer products. We plan to meet our customers' demand by providing these frequently purchased 
products consistently and at the highest value possible. It's another reason to shop at Dollar Tree. And when customers 
are in the store shopping for the basics, we plan to give them every reason to stock up on our terrific assortment of 
high-value and high-margin variety merchandise. Even in a difficult economy, at Dollar Tree, you can still splurge. 
Everything is still $1. 

Sales increases in the second quarter came from growth in both basic and variety categories, with basic consumable 
categories growing at a slightly faster pace. Our top-performing categories included housewares and home products, 
food and beverages, healthcare supplies and toys. I'm extremely pleased with the continued increase in inventory 
productivity. Inventory turns increased once again in the second quarter as they have consistently for the past seven 
years. 

Our growth strategy remains consistent. It is to open more stores, to open more productive stores and to develop and 
expand new formats, new markets, and new channels. 


In regard to more stores, during the second quarter of this year, we opened 77 new stores and relocated and expanded 
another 21 stores. Through the first half, we have added 187 new stores and expanded or relocated 65 stores. Selling 
square footage increased 7.1% relative to the same time last year. We ended the quarter with 4,523 stores, and we're on 
track with our plan for the full year 2012, which includes 315 new stores and 75 relocations and expansions, for a total 
of 390 projects across the U.S. and Canada. 

In order to achieve consistent and profitable growth, our practice has been to add infrastructure and distribution 
capacity to support our growth ahead of the need. In that regard, in July, we broke ground on DC 10, a new distribution 
center in Windsor, Connecticut. The new distribution center will be 1 million square feet. It will be automated and 
highly efficient, providing capacity and cost-effective service to our stores as we continue to expand in the northeast. 

Along with opening new stores, we're focused on operating more productive stores. Efforts have been concentrated on 
improved site selection, on rightsizing our stores, expanding our assortments, improve staffing, building the bench of 
qualified store management, and on opening new stores earlier in the year. Average new store productivity has 
increased in each of the past six years, and the trend has continued through the second quarter 2012. 

Our expansion of frozen and refrigerated product continues. We installed freezers and coolers in 60 additional stores in 
the second quarter and now offer frozen and refrigerated product in 2,403 stores. We intend to roll this product out to 
138 additional stores by year-end for a total of approximately 325 installations for the full year. 

This important category serves the current needs of our customers and it drives traffic into our stores more frequently, 
which promotes incremental sales across all categories. Our overall comp sales increase has been the result of growth 
in both needs-based consumer products and in higher-margin, discretionary variety merchandise. 

The elements of our strategy to increase store productivity can be seen throughout our stores. Seasonal presentations 
are more powerful. We're emphasizing more effective customer engagement, and we're working to drive more related 
sales through cross-merchandising. In addition, we're expanding our assortments in many categories, including candy, 
stationery, health and beauty care, and home and household products, which was our fastest growing category in the 
second quarter. 

Another key component of our growth strategy is the development of new retail formats and the expansion of our 
geographic reach. Our Deal$ format extends our ability to serve more customers with more categories and increases our 
unit growth potential. Deal$ delivers low prices on everyday essentials, party goods, seasonal and home product. By 
lifting the restriction of the $1 price point at Deal$, we're able to serve more customers with more products at value 
prices every day. Customers are responding favorably to the strategy. Customer awareness of the Deal$ brand is 
growing and the concept is building momentum. 

In the second quarter, Deal$ had strong sales across a wide variety of merchandise categories. To give you an idea, in 
May, we broke our Summer Fun promotion featuring the most relevant products for the summer season. This included 
snacks, beverage, picnic supplies as well as lawn and garden, and patio products. Deal$ outdoor products were very 
popular led by lawn and garden, patio, solar lights, decorations and lawn ornaments. As temperatures soared sometimes 
into the triple digits, Deal$ selection of summer hats, shoes, beach bags, beach towels and summer toys sold 
particularly well and our selection of electric fans were great value and a big hit. 

Overall, in the second quarter as in the past several quarters, traffic, average ticket and average unit retail, all continued 
to increase at our Deal$ stores. Comp store sales in our Deal$ stores have led the company in recent quarters. We're 
excited about the growth potential of Deal$, and particularly, the opportunity that it provides to grow profitably in the 
higher cost of operation urban markets. We ended the quarter with a total of 190 Deal$ stores. 

Our Canadian integration and expansion continues. As a reminder, we initially entered the Canadian market through the 
acquisition of Dollar Giant stores in November of 2010. Our primary focus in the first year and 2011 was to install and 
train Dollar Tree retail systems to integrate processes to align merchandise assortments and store teams and to lay the 
foundation for future profitable growth in the Canadian market. This year, we're working to make use of the new 
systems, build history and to leverage the investment. Our focus is on developing efficiency in store operations, 
improving the flow of product to the stores, and the continued building and training of our store teams. We're working 


very hard to increase the service level and in-stock positions of basic products while improving the shopping 
experience through a more powerful seasonal presence and a higher level of merchandise energy. Our goal over time is 
to be the largest retailer in Canada at the single price point of $1.25, just as we've done in the U.S. at the $1 price. 

We began the year with a plan to grow our Canadian store base approximately 25% under the Dollar Tree brand, and 
we will likely exceed this plan by 10 or 12 stores. We opened 10 stores in the second quarter, 18 stores year-to-date and 
we ended the quarter with 117 Canadian stores. We have a lot of room to grow at Dollar Tree. As we grow and 
improve, we believe the Canadian market can support up to a 1,000 Dollar Tree stores. This is in addition to the 7,000 
store potential for Dollar Tree in the United States, plus additional growth in our Deal$ format. 

Dollar Tree Direct, our online business, continues to expand and development – and develop. DTD is providing an 
opportunity to broaden our customer base, drive incremental sales, expand the brand, and attract more customers into 
our stores. Dollar Tree Direct now offers more than 2,500 items online. Traffic exceeded 4 million visitors in the 
second quarter, a 14% increase over the second quarter last year. Of special note, we now have more than 0.5 million 
friends on Facebook and more than 1 million customers logged on via their smartphones. We are gaining customers 
every quarter and I am pleased with the progress. 

Now, I would like to turn the call over to Kevin, who will give you more detail on our financial metrics and provide 
guidance. 

Kevin S. Wampler 

Thanks, Bob. 

As Bob mentioned, our diluted earnings per share increased 30.8% in the second quarter to $0.51. The increase resulted 
from our strong sales and expense controls, which drove an 80 basis point improvement in operating profit margin, 
compared to the second quarter last year. 

Our gross profit margin was 35.2% during the second quarter consistent with the 35.2% reported in the second quarter 
last year. Several factors contribute – contributed to this performance. We leveraged occupancy and distribution 
expenses reflecting the 4.5% comp store sales growth. Second, IMU on many categories increased in the second quarter 
reflecting continued improvements in sourcing and the flexibility of our merchandise model. Third, we achieved small 
reductions in shrink and markdowns compared with the second quarter of 2011. These factors were offset principally 
by two items. Our product mix continued to shift in the second quarter but to a lesser degree than we have seen in 
several years. Basic consumable products increased by 45 basis points as a percentage of sales in the second quarter. 
Also, as we have previously disclosed in the second quarter of last year, we recorded a favorable inventory adjustment 
related to immaterial corrections to prior periods which benefited gross profit last year. 

SG&A expenses were 24.4% of sales for the quarter, an 80 basis point improvement from the second quarter last year. 
Payroll-related expenses declined by 60 basis points, driven by leverage on payroll and lower expenses for stock 
compensation, incentive compensation and workers' compensation. Health insurance benefit expenses increased 
relative to the second quarter last year. Operating expenses declined by about 20 basis points due to lower costs for 
utilities, repairs and maintenance, as well as leverage on sales. Operating income increased $31 million compared to the 
second quarter last year. Our operating margin for the quarter was 10.8%, an 80 basis point improvement compared to 
the second quarter last year. The tax rate for the quarter was 35% compared to 37.7% in the second quarter last year. 
The lower rate is primarily a result of statute expirations in the settlement of a state tax audit. The lower tax rate 
represented about a $0.025 per share benefit to second quarter earnings per share. 

Looking at the balance sheet and statement of cash flow, our cash and investments at quarter end totaled $379.8 million 
versus $545.4 million at the end of the second quarter 2011. Cash net of debt was $115.5 million at the end of the 
second quarter. During the second quarter, we repurchased 1.6 million shares of Dollar Tree stock for $80.9 million. At 
quarter end, we had $1.1 billion remaining in our share repurchase authorization. The diluted weighted average shares 
outstanding for the second quarter was 232.6 million. We continue to view share repurchase as a good use of capital. 


Over the past four quarters, we have invested $634.6 million for share repurchase. We will update you on additional 
share repurchases, if any, at the end of the quarter in which they may occur. Also during the second quarter, we entered 
into a new $750 million unsecured credit agreement. The previous $550 million credit agreement was terminated 
concurrent with entering into the new agreement. The company has drawn $250 million under the new revolving credit 
line. This amount is reflected as long-term debt on the balance sheet. 

Our consolidated inventory at quarter-end was 9.6% greater than it was at the same time last year. Selling square 
footage increased 7.1%. Consolidated inventory per selling square foot increased by 2.3%. The increase reflects an 
increase in goods on the water and in the distribution centers at the end of the second quarter as we continue to execute 
our smoothing of inventory flow throughout our logistics network. 

Inventory turns increased in the second quarter and we expect this trend to continue for the full year 2012 as it has for 
the past seven years. Capital expenditures were $74.7 million in the second quarter of 2012 versus $63 million in the 
second quarter last year. 

For the full year, we are planning consolidated capital expenditures to be in the range of $320 million to $330 million. 
Capital expenditures will be focused on new stores and remodels, the addition of frozen and refrigerated capability to 
approximately 325 stores, IT system enhancements and approximately $70 million towards a new distribution center in 
Windsor, Connecticut. The total capital investment anticipated for this facility is approximately $100 million. 

Depreciation and amortization was $43 million compared to $39.6 million in the second quarter last year. We expect 
depreciation expense of $170 million to $180 million for the year. Our guidance for the second half of 2012 includes 
several assumptions. First, Halloween shifts two days deeper into the fourth quarter this year, from the first Monday of 
the quarter last year to the first Wednesday this year. We believe that this will shift approximately $5 million of sales 
from the third quarter into the fourth quarter compared to last year. 

Second, due to the retail calendar, 2012 will include 53 weeks and the fourth quarter will consist of 14 weeks. This is 
expected to add $120 million to $130 million in incremental sales and $0.07 to $0.08 of earnings per diluted share to 
the fourth quarter and the full year. Our guidance assumes a tax rate of 38.2% for the third quarter and 37.6% for the 
full year. Weighted average diluted share counts are assumed to be 231.7 million shares for the third quarter and 232.2 
million shares for the full year. As always, our guidance assumes no additional share repurchase. 

With this in mind for the third quarter of 2012, we are forecasting sales in the range of $1.71 billion to $1.75 billion, 
based on a low-to-mid single-digit comparable store sales increase and 7.2% square footage growth. Diluted earnings 
per share are expected to be in the range of $0.47 to $0.51, an increase of 9.3% to 18.6%. For the full fiscal year of 
2012, we are raising our guidance. We are now forecasting sales in the range of $7.36 billion to $7.45 billion based on 
a low-to-mid single-digit increase in comparable store sales and 7.2% square footage growth. Diluted earnings per 
share expected to be in the range of $2.45 to $2.54, representing an increase of between 21.9% and 26.4% over our 
record earnings per share of $2.01 in fiscal 2011, and it does take into account the 53rd week will be included in the 
fourth quarter of 2012. 

And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Bob. 

Bob Sasser 

Thanks, Kevin. 

As I said in May at our last call, we entered this year with goals to drive more customer traffic, to thrill our customers 
with surprising values on merchandise they need and want, to improve our shopping experience and to build market 
share. We continue to make progress toward accomplishing all of these goals. First half sales grew 11% to a record 
$3.43 billion. Comp store sales increased 5.1% on top of a 5.9% comp last year, driven by increased customer traffic. 
Our inventory is balanced and more productive than ever. Our turns increased again in the first half and we entered 
third quarter well-prepared for new store growth and customer demand. 


Our operating margin increased by 70 basis points to 10.9%, the all-time highest first half operating margin in our 
history. Net income grew 20.1% to $235.3 million and earnings per share increased by 27.8% to $1.01 per share. In 
addition, we opened 187 new stores across the U.S. and Canada and so far, the productivity of the new store class has 
been performing ahead of last year. 

Looking forward, I believe that we are positioned to do even better in the future. The focus is on our customer and our 
stores, and our product. They are strategically located to serve Middle America. They're bright, convenient and fun to 
shop. Our business model is powerful and flexible. We can adapt to a changing environment. This has been tested by 
time and validated over the company's 26-year history. 

Our balanced mix of high-value consumer basics and our unique assortment of fun and compelling discretionary 
product positions us to be relevant to customers in all economic circumstances. Dollar Tree has a solid and scalable 
infrastructure that we're expanding and leveraging for better inventory management, increasingly efficient supply chain 
logistics, more productive stores and crisper execution overall. The Deal$ brand is gaining traction. Both traffic and 
average ticket are growing. Dollar Tree Direct continues to broaden its reach, and we are working diligently to build 
and expand our Canadian business. We have plenty of opportunities to grow our business, a vision of where we want to 
go and the infrastructure and capital to make it happen. We continue to generate substantial free cash and we use our 
capital for the long-term benefit of shareholders. It's really exciting to be at Dollar Tree. We had a great first half. Our 
merchandise values are better than ever and our future has never been brighter. As we enter the third quarter, our 
shelves are full of the right product, our stock rooms are in great shape and our values have never been higher. We are 
now ready for your questions so that we can accommodate as many callers as time permits. We ask that you limit your 
questions to two. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Matt Boss with JPMorgan. 

<Q - Matt R. Boss>: Hey, good morning. So your SG&A flow through in the quarter was the best we've seen since 4Q 
of 2008. Can you speak to some of the investment spending around your Canadian operations and how we should think 
about expense control in the second half of the year, potential opportunities to look forward to? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Yeah, Matt, I would tell you, in general, as we look at the second quarter, you're right. Our 

– I think our SG&A grew about 6.8% and I would tell you that where we saw the biggest benefits as we called out was 
in – through the payroll line items and as you well know, our biggest SG&A line item is our store payroll and our field 
payroll for those teams and they did a very, very good job in the quarter of being efficient and we leveraged those costs 
very, very well. And so as you think about it, I've spoken a lot over the last couple of years about the idea of flowing 
inventory in a much more efficient manner through our system and obviously this is one of the aspects of it in affecting 
labor. So this year, we'll basically have about 300 million cases of product flow through our distribution centers which 
ultimately get to our stores. The average store would get about 70,000 cases. Obviously, we have many stores that do 
well above average sales are having a lot more cases. 
So a lot of work has been done as we've spoken in regards to how we're flowing these goods. So the logistics folks 
starts with the buy and how it's been flowed through the distribution centers and then to the stores and we do believe 
that we're making gains there. At the same time, we do believe there's more to be gained in the long run as we continue 
to go down that path. 

As far as Canadian SG&A, obviously, we did a lot of work last year with infrastructure and so we haven't seen the 
same leverage there and we don't necessarily expect to see the same leverage in the near-term as we continue to build 
out our teams. The other thing that we have going on up there is relaying these stores that are in the Ontario province 
relaying them and re-bannering them as Dollar Tree stores. So there's extra labor that goes into that. So we've not – at 
this point, we've not seen that. Obviously, longer term, we do believe that there are – there will be benefits from the 


infrastructure, the changes that we're making as well as productivity in the stores. 

<Q - Matt R. Boss>: Great. And second, can you talk to the monthly cadence of comps in the quarter. Any surprises in 
the quarter from a category perspective and then any thoughts on traffic trends thus far in August? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Well, the quarter was fairly consistent. Start of May was a little better than June, and July sort of 
rebounded back from May a little bit. So there was that sort of a cadence in the quarter, but it was throughout the 
quarter. It was consistent with our expectations. Matt, we don't talk about upcoming quarters, so I can't give you any 
remarks on that, but cadence throughout second quarter was as I expected and really no surprises there. 

<Q - Matt R. Boss>: Okay, great. Thanks. 

Operator 

Moving on, we'll take our next question from Meredith Adler from Barclays. 

<Q - Meredith Adler>: Hey, thanks very much. I would like to kind of follow up on the question about sales, you said 
it was in line with the expectations. Do you think that the weather had any impact at all on your sales? Could you look 
at the geographic data and say that in places where weather was normally hot or not so hot sales were good and then 
there was any kind of a slowdown in places like the Midwest or the northeast where it was particularly hot? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Meredith, I really can't say that there is any correlation there to weather. It really – I – we saw no 
real impact by the weather. Our – if you look at the regions and the areas of the country, the – our best comp growth 
was in the Mid-Atlantic and in the Midwest. But it was really overall across the country a fairly tight range. You 
always have, if you – as you look closer with a microscope, you always have a little market here and a little market 
there that either overachieve or underachieve and we saw some of that, but that's the usual. 

Overall, it was a fairly consistent with our expectations quarter the – whether you look at it geographically or by period 
of time. It was really hot. I don't know that that had any – I can't tell you that I can see in the numbers where that had 
any effect. In our Deal$ stores, we sold a lot of fans. We sold a lot of water. We sold a lot of things that you need when 
it's really hot. So it may have even helped us in some places. 

<Q - Meredith Adler>: Great. And then you made a comment in your first prepared remarks. I'm not sure I can quote 
you exactly, but something about how important basics are to the consumers and that you want to have them there for 
them when they want them. And I didn't know whether that implied some change in sort of philosophy about 
replenishment of more categories, I won't say planogramming but maybe more consistency in the offerings. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Meredith, I'll tell you what I was speaking to. We get a lot of questions about the penetration of 
consumer products to our overall mix, and of course, consumer products are really important to our traffic, because 
customers buy them more frequently. Everybody needs them. They shop more frequently for them, so it helps increase 
our traffic. But you're – there's always a balance – but they are lower – little lower margin, higher turns, little bit lower 
margin. 

So there's always a balance between that and our – what we call our variety merchandise, which is the fun and the 
seasonal and all the things that the surprising values that you find at Dollar Tree, discretionary product, higher margin 
type product. So we are always talking about the balance and if you look at the past several quarters, there has been an 
increase in the consumer products as a percent of our total driven by the down economy. 

The dire strait that a lot of people are in with high unemployment, with uncertainty on fuel prices, with any uncertainty 
that there is out there, so that was really all I was speaking to about that we are not really changing our distribution 
strategy. I'm just speaking to the fact that we still consent – we still see continued penetration from the consumer 
products driven by the customers' need, and our intent is to continue to serve our customers. Sometimes I asked – I'm 
asked questions about, well, how far do you think that is? Well, we are really following our customers' lead and we are 
going to continue to do that. 


If you look at second quarter, it was really a very good balance. I think the penetration of consumer products increased 
about 45 basis points, which gave us a little bit of – about a 22 basis point headwind on gross profit during the quarter 
and we still ended up with a gross profit flat to last year. So we're really pleased with the performance in that regard. 
That's what I was speaking to, it was the mix. 

Operator 

Moving on, we'll take our next question from Dan Wewer from Raymond James. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: Hey, good morning, Bob. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Good morning. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: Over the last five or seven years, there's always been questions about inflationary pressures in 
China and whether or not Dollar Tree would be able to maintain its gross margin rate given your adherence to the 
single price point strategy and obviously the company's performance has been stellar. But now, we're looking at a little 
bit of a different environment where the inflationary pressures in China may be abating. Do you think that there is an 
opportunity for Dollar Tree's initial markups which have been improving to perhaps increase at an accelerating rate 
because of this change? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: You know that as I've said in the past, it's all about the mix. If you look at our gross profit – I'll one 
up you here – go look at the last 10 years and our gross profit has been in a really tight range, the high was at 36.4%, 
the low in the past 10 years was 34.2% and Q2 of this year was 35.2%. So we always manage within a very tight range 
and a lot of that – all of that – much of that is due to our flexible strategy. We've always said that we're in charge. We're 
in control of our gross margin and I will tell you that we still are. As prices go up, we change the product, not the retail 
price and we drive to get the best cost, the best value for the customer at $1 and at a price that fits our gross margin. 
And as prices can – maybe pressure is a little bit down, we tend to invest more in the product, we give better product 
for the same $1 price because we're still striving to give the customer the most value for $1 and at a cost that fits our 
budget. So that's our strategy. It has been. It's worked for us. That's why we're still in that tight range there over the past 
10 years and I expect we'll continue to be there. There may be categories or items or times where we, on judgment, 
decide to invest more or less in the product, but... 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: Okay. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: ...I wouldn't expect to see that in the number. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: And this is a follow-up question. The last few quarters Deal$ same-store sales have been 
exceeding Dollar Tree, you've told us in the past that profitability for Deal$ was still not at the same level, but given the 
higher sales productivity, could you update us as to kind of maybe in some qualitative terms, how much of a GAAP 
exist either in operating margin or return on capital, and with the better sales trends at Deal$, are you now incentivized 
to grow that brand at a faster rate than you have been? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Yeah. That's a fair question. We don't break it out, and I can't give you any solid metric there. I can 
tell you, just speaking about it, anecdotally, very pleased with the progress we've made in Deal$. Our customers are 
accepting it more and more and recognizing the value that Deal$ provides. It lags in profitability as a percent, but our 
top-line is growing and I think there's still a huge opportunity to drive the top-line to higher levels, at the same time 
managing our expenses a little better. We're still in the try and test and learn kind of a mode and we'll build – we still 
will build a store and it will be really great, but then we will change it and we will turn it upside down sometimes and 
redo it. 

So there are still things we're looking at. We know that we can get more productive, more efficient in our sales floor, 
we can – we know we can drive efficiencies in the way we deliver our product, the way we display our product. We 
know that we can drive efficiencies and drive better cost advantage on the items that we're buying as we get larger as 
the Deal$ chain grows and the volume grows, our leverage on buy gets better. So I'm very excited about Deal$. We 


intend to keep growing Deal$. Mainly, we're using it right now in the higher cost of operation urban markets because 
we do believe we can drive more top-line sales in our Deal$ store. 

So good question. I can't break out the number because we don't. I will just share with you the great enthusiasm that we 
have for Deal$ here – that I particularly have for Deal$. Deal$ is going to be a big part of our business as we go 
through time here at Dollar Tree. And I'm very excited about it. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Moving on, we'll take our next question from Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Good morning, Scot. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: Bob, I know you're talking about some of the cadence and the mix, et cetera, already, but I 
guess we've seen a pretty steady shift towards consumables over the last many, many quarters here. Are you surprised, 
given some of the mixed signals we've seen in the retail economy, the mix didn't shift even more towards consumables? 
In fact, it went the other way a little bit? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Well, frankly, we've been really working hard to make the mix go the other way, not by lowering 
our sales of the consumer products but by taking advantage of the traffic that it's creating. 

As you know, our traffic this year really is – our increases are largely the result of increases in traffic. So we're trying – 
we have a lot of initiatives in place to use that traffic to drive sales of the variety merchandise. 

So when you come in to Dollar Tree or Deal$ to buy your cleaning supplies or your snacks or your HBC, your 
toothbrush, toothpaste, toothbrushes, whatever, we're really working hard to challenge our customers with the new and 
exciting. The seasonal offering that we have. I tell [ph] our people (36:33) it's like the leaves on the trees changing from 
season to season. 

And the ever-changing mix of colors and excitement at the front of our stores, we are talking really a lot about the front 
of our stores as a way to sell more on impulse and related sales and drive items and the item of the month. And all of 
those things up in the front of our stores, especially, are the variety merchandise. Higher-margin. It's a surprising value. 
It's part of the fun shopping experience that we create at Dollar Tree. So it's really a big deal to us. 

So when you say am I surprised by it? Well, I'm really – I'm happy. 

Now, we want to do more in both, by the way. We want to drive all of our business. But the strategy is to use the 
consumer basics for traffic and the variety merchandise for shopping experience and fun and margin. And that's what 
you saw in the second quarter – that the consumer basics increased penetration still by 45 basis points, but that's a 
smaller increase than we've seen in some recent quarters. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: All right, that's very helpful. And I know you also talked about the weather a bit. Just given 
some of Walmart's comments this morning with paycheck cycle, et cetera, can you provide us any other color maybe 
what you are seeing from your average consumer? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Well, you know, it's – I haven't had a chance to see their comments in detail. I'll take a look after 
the call. But we do see, as we have for the last several years, an increase in consumer spending around the paycheck 
cycle around the first of the month. It's something that has become part of our strategy around here is to be in stock and 
in business and really be ready for our customers around the paycheck cycle. 

I'm not sure what Walmart said. But that continues. That is a trend that we see continuing here. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: Okay, great. Thanks, guys. 


Operator 

Moving on, we'll take our next question from Peter Keith, Piper Jaffray. 

<Q - Peter J. Keith>: Hi, good morning. Thank you. I was wondering if you guys could actually quantify the impact 
that you saw with the debit and credit card penetration within your sales mix. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Yeah, as it relates to debit and credit penetration, it is continuing to increase. 
Year-over-year, I want to say it's up about 1.5 to this point. It's approaching 37%, 38% of the overall tender mix. And 
it's still broken out that debit is about two-thirds of that overall debit/credit mix. 

So that's kind of what we're seeing. It continues to grow. And the interesting thing is where we're seeing the growth, it 
is in the debit. If we look at our credit card business as a percent, it's really pretty much flat. 

<Q - Peter J. Keith>: Okay. Thanks, Kevin. To follow up on that then, if you're at 37%, 38%, it's been increasing 
steadily over the last couple of years. I guess, what would be maybe a long-term target you think you could reach? 

And then as a follow on to that, the traffic gains have been tremendous for you guys but the ticket has been a bit muted. 
I guess I'm surprised with the increased penetration that the ticket strength hasn't been stronger. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Well, I think from a long-term goal perspective, I don't know that we have a goal. I think 
the consumer is going to set that at the end of the day. 

And obviously, the payment industry, people continue to move in that direction. The writing of checks has become old 
school, and now the next wave is paying with your smartphone somewhere down the road. And there's a lot of different 
people, different areas of retail working on that. 

So I don't know that we believe that there's a number that it should be. It's going to go wherever the consumer goes. But 
I would expect it to continue to increase slightly year-over-year as we go forward. 

As far as it relates then to the ticket, again, obviously traffic is up. We're generating a lot of traffic. Maybe the average 
ticket isn't going up significantly, but it has gone up a little bit last year, and it's been up just slightly this year. 

And again, as to what Bob had spoken about, there's a lot of focus from our group internally to look at impulse items in 
the front end of our stores, and how do you get that person to put one more item in their basket? 

Because obviously, our comp is all driven off units. There is no price inflation built into our comp. So it's all about 
getting people to pick up one more item, putting in the basket. 

But at this point in time, we're obviously going to take advantage of the traffic. And if that's what they need, under the 
current economic circumstances – if they're just going to come more frequently and spend a similar dollar amount, 
that's okay too. 

<Q - Peter J. Keith>: Okay. That's helpful feedback, and good luck with the coming quarter. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Moving on, we'll take our next question from Dan Binder from Jefferies & Company. 

<Q - Daniel T. Binder>: Hi. Good morning. I just had a question around the consumable mix. As you pointed out, the 
shift was a little less severe. 


I guess as I tour your stores – and it's been fairly consistent in terms of observations – at times there's some 
out-of-stocks. So I'm curious if there's any opportunity there or if there were any issues in the quarter where you 
thought you maybe missed an opportunity. Again, not severe issues. But just sort of randomly see that now and again, 
given the volumes you're doing? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Dan, we haven't – there hasn't been any disruption in our supply chain that would indicate that. 
We're always focused on providing a better level of in-stock, and at the same time, increasing our turn – we don't want 
to get too much. We don't want to fill up our stock rooms. 

But there's really been nothing that would indicate that that's been a problem. It could be just a local problem in the 
store that you were in. I'd be happy to follow up. [laughter] 

<Q - Daniel T. Binder>: Okay. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Next time give me a call out. Tell me the store number. We'll take a look at it. 

But we're always looking for improvements in that. And especially with the economy difficult and gasoline prices on a 
rise again, we're really doubling down on our efforts to make sure we are in-stock on those basics. When our customers 
get to the store, I sure want them to be able to buy what they need and what they expect and what they spent their 
money on coming to the store for. 

<Q - Daniel T. Binder>: And then my follow-up question was around the expanded categories you mentioned in your 
formal remarks. It sounds like you're trying to capitalize on the growth areas in the store. I'm just curious, when should 
we start to see that in the stores? And maybe if you could elaborate a little bit on how much you're growing the SKUs 
in those respective categories that you mentioned? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: It's a pretty broad strategy, Dan. I think you've seen some of it in the stores already. If you look in 
our HBC departments in the last several months, you'll see expanded patent medicines. You're going to see the 
expanded SKUs throughout our HBC areas, throughout our home area. We're working real hard on our stationery 
business. 

Right now, we got back-to-school going on. So you got a lot of expanded SKUs in that area. And we see stationery as 
an opportunity to grow tremendously as we go forward right through this year and into next year. 

So I can't really quantify. There's a lot of new SKUs. There's a lot of new products. And a lot them are focused in those 
highly consumable categories. 

<Q - Daniel T. Binder>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Moving on, we'll take our next question from Joseph Parkhill, Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Joseph Parkhill>: Hi, good morning. I was just wondering if you could talk about what you are seeing in the 
competitive environment as far as maybe California, when you see a Dollar General, Family Dollar moving in. If that's 
not impacting your stores because it's a different customer, or if you see any impact there. 

And then maybe as far as back-to-school goes, how aggressive other more full-price players are being? If it's similar to 
last year? Or any comments around that would be helpful? Thanks. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Joe, good question. But we're seeing no impact in the West Coast from Dollar General's entry there. 
I think they are entering with their market. 

But look, we're always watching them. We watch all the competition. We stay more focused on what we are doing than 
what they are doing, though. If you look at the stores where they've opened up in – in California, excuse me, we – there 
is no visible negative impact from their opening that we can see. 


We've had them around for a long time though. You've got to understand. They are a lot older than we are and their 
model is just different. It's different when everything is not a dollar. It's just a different model, it's a different customer, 
it's a different store layout, different pricing. So we really stayed focused on our position in the marketplace. 

About half of our stores are within three miles of a Dollar General anyway. About a quarter of our stores are within one 
mile of a Dollar General. They are a much larger company than we are. So we see them all over the country. 

California is no different. Actually, in California, we have a lot more stores than they do in California. It's one of our 
more popular states in regard to stores. 

But we've seen no impact from them. We have great respect for them. We are just a different model. When everything's 
$1, it's just different than they are. So we don't see the impact there. 

As far as looking at the – again at the landscape of competition, we're really just staying focused on what we do best. 
And that's providing the most value for the $1. Giving the customer what they want, things they need, things you want. 
Reacting to the current opportunities. 

We don't – we're not stuck on any one item or any one assortment. We don't set planograms. And that gives us the 
ability to react quickly when there's an opportunity to take advantage of a category or an item. And we try to do that as 
cost effectively as we possibly can. So that's how we sort of defend our turf. 

<Q - Joseph Parkhill>: That's helpful. Thank you. And then just lastly, are you seeing any increase in looks at 
closeouts, given the current retail environment. And is that helping your business at all, or everything's pretty similar to 
normal trends? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Yeah, it's about the same. We always look for them, and we're always trying to grow it, but the 
whole business grows. So as a percent of sales, it stays about the same. We're not seeing any more closeouts than we 
normally see. 

We stand ready to take advantage of all the good ones. We probably turn down more than we buy because we are – 
there are closeouts and then there is closeouts. So we try to take advantage. And at the right price, all closeouts sort of 
turn to gold. But the – I can't tell you there is any increase in that, given the economy. 

Operator 

At this time, we have time for a couple more questions. Moving on, we'll take our next question from Anthony 
Chukumba from BB&T Capital Markets. 

<Q - Anthony C. Chukumba>: Good morning. I had a couple of questions related to Canada. 

You mentioned in Ontario, I believe, re-branding some of the Dollar Giant stores to Dollar Tree. I thought that was 
intriguing. I mean is that going to be the strategy going forward to operate both Dollar General – sorry, Dollar Giant 
and Dollar Tree stores in Canada? And would you be actually opening just new Dollar Tree stores in Canada? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: No. Our plan is to re-brand all of them to Dollar Tree stores over time. We're in the process now of 
opening new stores, filling the pipeline with new store opportunities. And at the same time, we have a plan for, over 
time, remerchandising, relaying, re-staffing all of our Dollar Giant stores and re-branding them at that time to Dollar 
Tree. 

So it's going to take us a while. And we're starting in the east, and we'll sort of end in the west. But the plan is to 
re-brand them all to Dollar Trees over time. 

<Q - Anthony C. Chukumba>: Okay, that's helpful. And then you mentioned that you're going to exceed your 
guidance in terms of store openings. I believe you said [ph] right about (49:11) 25% growth is going to be sort of 10 to 
12 stores above that. 


And I was just wondering what sort of driving that? I mean is it sort of just having better real estate opportunities, or 
you just feel a need to open more because the stores are just doing so well there? I was just wondering if you could 
provide a little more color there. Thanks. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: It's opportunity. We're opening more because we're finding the opportunity to open more, and we're 
excited about our opportunities in Canada. So we're taking advantage of that as we can find the right deals 

<Q - Anthony C. Chukumba>: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Moving on, we'll take our next question from David Mann, Johnson Rice. 

<Q - David M. Mann>: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. Bob, you normally talk about performance around the key 
holidays in a given quarter. Can you just elaborate about that? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Well, we haven't had a real key holiday in this quarter. That's sort of the obvious I guess and in the 
past when I did talk about current quarter, we're only a couple of weeks into it and then it was always about a key 
holiday. So I really can't talk about, I can't give you any, I can't talk about this current quarter. I'd be happy to answer 
questions about the first half. 

<Q - David M. Mann>: No, what I meant is whether it'd be the Mother's Day, July 4... 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Oh, I'm sorry. 

<Q - David M. Mann>: ... in the second quarter. I'm sorry. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: So, I'm sorry. I thought you're talking about the current quarter. I can't do that. Yeah, I think the 
cadence around our sales again a lot of times is driven by those key holidays. Mother's Day is one of our key holidays, 
and so as a result in May we had a really – I would say that May was better than June. Father's Day is not such a key 
holiday as it turns out even though we try to make it so, but June is a little less of a key holiday than May, but then 
you've got – along with dads you got grads and I think that's probably the bigger opportunity for us in June and we had 
good results this year. And I think as we go forward, we're going to really aim it at that June time period to expand 
upon the graduation opportunities that we have. And then as you cruise out of June and into July, you got the July 4 and 
clearance and all that goes with that. So it is as we expected. Mother's Day was good, graduation was good. We had – 
again we – the cadence was pretty consistent with our expectation. 

<Q - David M. Mann>: And in terms of the earlier question on IMU can you just remind us or let us know how the 
IMU is looking for from the last trip you did to overseas. And also in terms of inflation, are you starting to see increase 
in food – inflation in the food side of your business given commodity costs? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Sure, I'll give you the flavor on that. Our merchants recently returned from Asia where they were 
placing orders for our needs through the summer of next year, the summer of 2013. And as I said earlier and as you've 
heard me say frequently, we have a flexible model. We are not – we don't set planograms. We're not stuck on any one 
item. Our merchants go to markets whether it's in the U.S. or in China or wherever else in the world with really two 
goals: one, to give the most value for the – to our customers for the dollar; and number two, at the margin that we need 
for our financials. They can always change an item, they can drop an item, they can add an item, but at the end of the 
day, we are always in control of our margin for that reason and this trip was no different in that regard. I would tell you 
just to characterize the pricing, it's – overall, the input, the download from the merchants upon return was, it was a 
terrific trip, one of the best environments that they've seen in quite some time. The non-food commodity prices were 
down and in some cases significantly down over a year ago. Cotton prices, for instance, were much more favorable. 
The currency seems to be stable. A year ago, there was a lot of anxiety and talk in the market on the part of Chinese 
vendors over more appreciation versus the U.S. dollar. Not so much talk this year, so that's all settled down. A lot of 


this is driven, of course, by the slower Chinese domestic growth and in conjunction with a slower worldwide demand, 
especially in Europe. You hear a lot of talk in China about the slowdown in Europe that's put downward pressure on 
prices. And when you're Dollar Tree and you're open to buy and you are growing and you have cash, then that's a real 
advantages when you go – as we go to China. Our assortments from the trip are compelling, fresh, a lot of new product 
purchased on this trip, values the best ever and I just can't wait to see it on the shelf, so not much talk about inflation, I 
guess, on this trip. 

<Q - David M. Mann>: Very good, thank you. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And once again, we have time for a couple of questions. Moving on, we'll take our next question from Adrianne 
Shapira of Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Adrianne T. Shapira>: Bob, I think in your prepared remarks, you described your operating margin that you 
delivered an all-time high operating margin in the first half. So my question is twofold. First, you've done a great job 
setting new peaks and I'm just wondering philosophically how you think of that as a Dollar store, what – is there a true 
peak as an operating margin? And then second, as you're continuing to drive future margin expansion, as your 
comments earlier about gross margin being relatively consistent, are the levers just increasingly top-line driven? 
Thanks. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: No, they are not just – Adrianne, but good morning, thank you for the question, Adrianne. They are 
not just top-line driven, I think – and as Kevin explained, I think some detail about the way we think about the flow of 
our product in our stores, the ability to operate more efficiently, the ability to take costs out of the supply chain, the 
ability to leverage that into a more efficient store, workgroup and lower our – if you look at our payroll in the second 
quarter, huge improvements in payroll and our stores are still operating just very well. We don't think we're doing 
things that negatively impact our customers. As a matter of fact, that's our goal. As we continue to make improvements, 
we're always looking at the things that don't touch the customer experience or the customer doesn't really care about. 

So we believe that there's a lot more room for improvement and efficiency and our operating margin on a lot of lines on 
our operating margin. And of course, there's still a lot of room for growth in the top-line. We talked about our new 
stores being more productive and if you look back over the past 10 years, it's the highest so far this year. Our new 
stores are opening up more productive than they have in 10 years. So I'm really pleased with that. I'm pleased with the 
year-over-year comps that we're putting up. Top-line is still a big opportunity for us to continue to grow, but we're 
certainly not at the end of the line. I mean we see opportunity every day. 

<Q - Adrianne T. Shapira>: Great, Bob. And is there a long-term view in terms of what the right EBIT margin should 
be? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Adrianne, I don't know if there is a long-term view. I would tell you this, obviously, 
continual improvement is always our goal. Obviously, this year, our guidance would tell you that we would get over a 
12% operating margin, and obviously once we've crossed 12%, the next goal is 13% and so forth. I mean I think it's just 
the way we think about it is continuing to drive results, continuing to drive improvement throughout the business, and 
we do not see a cap in the near-term future. We do believe that there is plenty of room to continue to improve upon it. 

<Q - Adrianne T. Shapira>: Great. And then just last question, Bob. I think we've heard a lot of questions asking 
trying to dig into the sales and it sounds like you're pleased with sales and it sounds like monthly intra-quarter pretty 
consistent. But if we step back it does look like we saw on a two-year basis of deceleration, so maybe just help us think 
about is that even a relative – a relevant metric or was there anything that surprised you on the top-line? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Adrianne, it's a fair question, but there – as I look at the second quarter, I see a terrific performance, 
consistent, strong, growing, highly profitable. We had a solid growth on our top-line, 2.5%. Our stores – tells me that 


our stores are seen as more relevant than ever, our customers' responding favorably. As an example, our new store 
productivity, I keep telling everybody is up, right now the highest in over 10 years. The comp increase of 4.5% is 
consistent and in line with our guidance. It's actually well above the midpoint and towards the top-end of our guidance. 
Last year comps in same quarter were 4.7%; this year 4.5%, and we continue to comp year-over-year and our four-year 
comp is 22% plus, and now we're comping on a much larger comp base than before. So I see 4.5%. We got leverage on 
our occupancy, we got leverage on expenses, our gross profit percent was 35.2% flat to last year, which means we 
overcame some of the hurdles of the more consumer products that we're selling, and so gross profit was terrific. It was 
– our business is well-managed. The SG&A as a percent of sales decreased to 80 basis points. So just a lot of good 
news in this quarter. Inventory is up, productivity is up, our turns are up for year-over-year for seven years, consistent, 
strong, and growing; that's what we always talk about here. 

So yes, you got to look at the comps, but 4.5% is a good comp. It's consistent comp and on this 4.5% comp, we get a lot 
of leverage and we get – we dropped just a whole lot to the bottom-line and the EPS increased over 30%, 30.8%. So 
that's how I look at second quarter, and we still view Dollar Tree as having a lot of room to grow. We have a growth 
strategy that includes more Dollar Tree stores. We have Deal$, which is gaining traction another way to grow, a 
different model. We've got Dollar Tree Canada, new geography, huge opportunities for growth in Canada, got to take 
some time as we have in all acquisitions to get them up to the productivity standards that we want, but we're doing that. 
We're making the investments. I'm just really jazzed about where we're going with our Canadian stores and the 
opportunity for the future. So that, along with our Direct business, we've got just the kind of opportunities to look 
forward. 

Operator 

And moving on, we'll take our final question from Charles Grom with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Chuck P. Grom>: Good morning. Just a question on your guidance, Kevin. It looks like you took in the top-end 
of your sales range just to touch. Can you just elaborate on why? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: As much as anything, Chuck, it's little bit of shift in new stores and how the timing of when 
they're opening up, that's always a continual shifting matter. A little bit of looking at, again, Canada and how they're 
opening up and productivity there. And so it's really at the end of the day it's kind of a rounding difference when it 
comes right down to it is kind of how it all fell out. 

<Q - Chuck P. Grom>: Okay. And then when we look at the third quarter guidance, if I model in a 3% to 4% comp in 
order to get the $0.49 as the midpoint and it implies a flow through of about 13% which is a little bit lower than what 
you guys have done for the past few quarters. Can you hold my hand on exactly how you get there in terms of the 
complexion of the operating margin line both gross and SG&A? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Yeah, I think kind of at that midpoint, I think the way we've kind of put it together as you 
might see just a little bit of pressure on gross profit year-over-year and – but you'd see some improvement on the 
SG&A, maybe not quite to the same extent that we have had recently but again, obviously it's a guidance and we'll 
work very hard to try to do better than that at the end. 

Operator 

And at this time, that will conclude our question-and-answer session. I'd like turn it back over to Tim Reid for 
additional or closing remarks. 

Timothy J. Reid 


Thanks, Jim. Well, just thank you all for your participation in the call this morning and for your interest in our company 
and particularly for your investment in Dollar Tree. Our next sales and earnings release and conference call are 
scheduled for Thursday, November 15, 2012. Thank you again. 

Operator 

Thank you. That will conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2012, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


