Q4 2013 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Timothy J. Reid 
• Bob Sasser 
• Kevin S. Wampler 
Other Participants 

• Dan R. Wewer 
• Matthew R. Boss 
• Charles Grom 
• Paul E. Trussell 
• Meredith Adler 
• Matt R. Nemer 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Please stand by, we're about to begin. Good day, and welcome to the Dollar Tree, Inc.'s Fourth Quarter Earnings 
Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. 

At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Tim Reid. Please go ahead. 

Timothy J. Reid 

Thank you, Noah. Good morning, and welcome to the Dollar Tree Conference Call for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013. 
Our call today will be led by Bob Sasser, our Chief Executive Officer, who will provide insights on our performance in 
the quarter and recent developments in our business. Kevin Wampler, our Chief Financial Officer, will provide a more 
detailed review of our fourth quarter financial performance and provide our guidance for 2014. 

Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that various remarks that we will make about future expectations, 
plans, and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for the purposes of the Safe Harbor 
provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 

Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various 
important factors included in our most recent press release, most recent current report on Form 8-K, quarterly report on 
Form 10-Q, and Annual Report on Form 10-K, all of which are on file with the SEC. We have no obligation to update 
our forward-looking statements and you should not expect us to do so. 

As a reminder, the 2012 results, last year's results, include the impact of the 53 week, which contributed approximately 
$125 million of sales, $17.8 million of net income, and $0.08 earnings per share. Also in September of 2012, Dollar 
Tree, Inc. sold its ownership interest in Ollie's Holdings, Inc. That sale had a favorable impact on 2012 earnings with 
an increase to net income of $0.16 per diluted share. At the end of our planned remarks, we will open the call to your 
questions, which we ask that you limit to one question and one follow-up question, if necessary. 

Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Bob Sasser, CEO of Dollar Tree. Bob? 


Bob Sasser 

Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. This morning we announced results for the fourth quarter 2013. Our comp 
store sales increased 1.2% as a result of equal growth in both traffic and ticket. Net sales were $2.235 billion and 
earnings were a record $1.02 per diluted share. Comparing the 13 week fourth quarter in 2013 against the 14 week 
fourth quarter in 2012, this represents a 1% increase. On a comparative three-week basis, quarterly earnings increased 
9.7%. 

For the full year 2013, comp store sales increased 2.4% largely as a result of increased traffic. Net sales grew to $7.84 
billion and earnings for the full year were a record $2.72 per share. The improvements in 2013 were achieved on top of 
record 2012 results that included $60 million of income from the sale of Ollie's and $125 million incremental sales 
from the 53rd week last year. The combined benefit of these two events accounted for $0.24 earnings per share in 2012, 
and of course we did not have those two events in our results for 2013. 

It was a challenging quarter best characterized as a short selling season, and persistently bad weather. Because of these 
unusual events, I'm going to give you a little more color and detail on the quarter than I normally give. We had a great 
plan that was well executed. When the stores were open and customers could shop, our results were more accurately 
reflective of the underlying strength of our business. In November, I will remind you that we had two calendar shifts 
that negatively affected results. This year, Halloween sales moved out of November and out of fourth quarter and back 
to third quarter. And Thanksgiving moved a week later. As a result, we lost six selling days between Thanksgiving and 
Christmas. These two calendar shifts combined represented a $30 million sales challenge to fourth quarter and 
specifically to November. With the Thanksgiving shift as expected, comp sales were lowest in November, but above 
our plan as we were able to offset some of the impacts of the calendar shifts through merchandising initiatives. 

Moving forward in the quarter, a succession of major winter storms impacted significant portions of North America 
beginning the week of Thanksgiving and continued throughout January. To add some color, out of the full 91 days in 
the quarter, 33 days were negatively affected by winter storms that forced a large number of store closures or partial 
openings and even larger number of stores that opened, but sales were negatively impacted by the poor conditions. 

In December, more than 700 store selling days were negatively impacted by store closures. In spite of this, December 
was our strongest month of the quarter. Comp sales grew nearly 4% in December, and we would have done better, if 
not for the days lost to the winter storms. I'm extremely proud of our store teams who worked tirelessly to adjust to the 
lost days and provide a great seasonal presentation and outstanding execution throughout the holidays. 

In January, the pattern of severe weather continued. The number of store selling days negatively impacted by store 
closures increased from more than 700 in December to more than 2000 store selling days in January, almost triple. 

In spite of this, January comp store sales were still slightly positive. When you look at the weather by region as you 
would expect, the best performance was in the Southeast followed closely by the Southwest. However, even in the 
southern regions, we were impacted. I'm sure everyone saw TV coverage of the weather disruption in Dallas, Atlanta, 
Charlotte, Raleigh, and other southern cities as winter storms caused power outages and created havoc on the highways. 

As you would expect, the lowest comp sales performance was in the Midwest and in the Northeast as these areas were 
the hardest hit by the winter storms. Reflecting continued success of strategies that were implemented earlier in the 
year, top performing categories in the quarter were our checkout and impulse department, frozen and refrigerated 
products, stationary, candy, and party supplies. 

The holiday promotional plan was tightly coordinated and well executed. In November, our stores transitioned quickly 
from Halloween to Christmas. The store teams worked late on the evening of October 31, to make sure the store fronts 
shouted Thanksgiving and Christmas upon opening for business November 1. Our Wow Table at the front of the store 
was focused each week on basic needs for the holidays. These were key items like foil pans, turkey basters and foil 
wraps. Endcaps were built to promote catering, food storage, kitchen gadgets and seasonal baking needs. 


Our Fall Leaves tabletop promotion including glassware, dinnerware, napkins, and placemats was a big hit and an early 
sellout in many of our stores. Christmas décor was set to promote early sales. With a selling season compressed by the 
calendar shift, we wanted to exploit the early opportunity. And in early December, right after Thanksgiving, our Wow 
Table was again focused on tabletop with beautiful holiday dinnerware, glassware, stemware, charger plates, table 
runners and placemats; everything to set the best holiday table imaginable. The product was picture perfect and of 
course everything was just $1. 

A new event was created for December called The Last 10 Days. The idea was to bring all the last minute categories 
together and re-merchandise the front of the store with a purpose. With a short holiday season, the intention was to 
make sure our customers' needs were met at all times. The Last 10 Days event focused on wrap it, box it, and bag it. 

Our seasonal wall converted to Christmas gift bag headquarters with everything you need to bag that perfect gift 
including the related tie ends like tags and tissue. Major displays of roll wrap, gift boxes, bows, tags, tape, and scissors 
were merchandised up front along with the novelty boxes, cookie tins, and gift jars. Last minute gifts were all grouped 
together and our stocking stuffer toy selection rounded out the effort. Displays were full, fun, exciting, and relevant to 
our customers' needs and our customers responded favorably. 

I'm especially pleased with our inventory management this year and in the fourth quarter. With 321 more stores at 
year-end combined with the sales challenges of the fourth quarter, we ended the year with less average inventory per 
store than last year. Through the superb efforts of our merchant and logistics teams, the inventory was appropriately 
allocated, replenished and delivered to the stores. 

As a result, our seasonal sell through was good, our basic in-stock was maintained, and when the customers were out 
shopping, our stores were ready. We started fiscal 2014 on plan, with clean inventories, well prepared to support new 
store openings and sales plans in the first quarter. And in addition to inventory management, I'm very pleased with 
expense management in fourth quarter. SG&A expenses fell in the quarter from 21.7% to 21.3%. Much of this was 
accomplished by the terrific performance of store operations. Through initiatives focused on freight productivity and 
keeping the sales floor full, proper scheduling to the needs of the customer and emphasis on properly recovering the 
store every day and against a tough sales backdrop, including three major resets of the front of the store, the store teams 
were able to increase productivity, improve store conditions and improve the customer experience. 

This quarterly performance speaks to the value and relevance of our merchandise, the power, strength and flexibility of 
our model and the day-by-day execution of our strategy across the organization. Despite challenges, we grew top line 
sales, we grew comp stores sales, and we grew earnings per share. 

Looking forward, we're positioned for continued relevance to the customer, sustained growth and increased 
profitability. We have room to grow and the ability to grow in many different ways: by opening more stores, by 
opening better, more productive stores, by increasing the productivity of all stores and developing new formats, new 
markets and new channels as growth vehicles. During the fourth quarter this year, we opened 51 new stores and 
relocated and expanded another four stores. For the full year 2013, we added 343 new stores and expanded or relocated 
71 existing stores for a total of 414 projects. Selling square footage increased 6.9%, and we ended the quarter with 
4,992 stores. For the full year 2014, our plan includes approximately 375 new stores and 75 relocations for a total of 
450 projects across the U.S. and Canada. Square footage is planned to increase 7% over fiscal 2013. 

In addition to opening more stores, we have plans to open better and more productive stores. This has been the result of 
a coordinated process concentrating on improved site selection, right sizing our stores, expanding our assortments, 
improved staffing, and building the bench of qualified store management. In 2012, new store productivity reached its 
highest level since 2001. Our 2013 class came in slightly below last year, but historically strong. We believe the stores 
that we opened in Q4, especially the ones affected by the winter storms, will continue to annualize at a higher sales per 
foot as we continue through the year. 

Elements of this strategy to increase store productivity can be seen throughout the chain. In recent quarters, we have 
described some of our category specific initiatives to drive sales. In all stores customers are seeing more powerful 
seasonal and party presentations. We continue to rationalize and expand assortments across the chain of stationery, 


candy, health and beauty care, and home and household products. Store associates are emphasizing more effective 
customer engagement and working to drive sales of related items through cross merchandising and through suggestive 
selling. And we're rolling out freezers and coolers at a faster pace. 

In the fourth quarter, we installed freezers and coolers in 42 additional stores for a total of 608 store installations for the 
year and exceeding our plan. We now offer frozen and refrigerated product in 3,157 stores. This year, we intend to add 
freezers and coolers to 320 additional stores and to expand the size of the department in 50 existing frozen or 
refrigerated stores. This category serves the current needs of our customers, drives traffic into our stores and provides 
incremental sales across all categories, including our higher-margin discretionary products. 

Another key component of our growth strategy is the expansion of Deals, Dollar Tree Canada and Dollar Tree Direct. 
Our Deals format extends our ability to serve more customers with more categories and increases our unit growth 
potential. Deals stores deliver low prices on everyday essentials, party goods, seasonal and home product. By lifting the 
restriction of the one dollar price point at Deals, we're able to serve more customers with more products at value prices 
every day. Consistent with our plan, we opened 29 new Deals stores in 2013, including four new stores in the fourth 
quarter. We ended the year with a net total of 214 Deals stores. 

Our Canadian integration and expansion continues. We opened 41 new Dollar Tree Canada stores in 2013, including 
five new stores in the fourth quarter, ending the year with 180 stores in Canada. Store count grew by almost 29% for 
the year, slightly more than our stated plan of 25%. Leveraging the buying power of Dollar Tree, our merchants are 
sourcing higher value product and our Canadian customers are finding broader, more exciting assortments and better 
values in the stores. We see enormous potential in Canada. As we grow and improve, we believe the Canadian market 
can support up to a thousand Dollar Tree stores. This is in addition to the 7,000 store potential for Dollar Tree in the 
United States, plus additional growth in our Deals format. Our goal is to be recognized by customers as the leading 
retailer in Canada, at the single price point of $1.25, just as we are in the U.S. at the $1 price. 

Adding to our growth strategy, Dollar Tree Direct, our e-commerce business, is expanding rapidly. Dollar Tree Direct 
provides an opportunity to broaden our customer base, drive incremental sales, expand the brand and attract more 
customers into our stores. Some key milestones achieved in 2013 include a 20% growth in the site traffic, which 
exceeded 6 million unique visitors in the fourth quarter. This includes a 67% increase in customer traffic via mobile 
devices during the fourth quarter. Dollar Tree Direct and Deals Direct now have over 3,800 items available online, 
including more than 1,700 unique items that can be purchased in less than case quantities, an increase of 50% versus 
the same time last year. 

Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Kevin, who will give you more detail on our financial metrics and provide 
guidance. 

Kevin S. Wampler 

Thank you, Bob. As Bob mentioned, the company reported diluted earnings per share of $1.02 for the fourth quarter of 
2013. This represented a 1% increase versus the 14-week fourth quarter of 2012 and a 9.7% increase, on a comparative 
13-week basis. As we look at the income statement, please keep in mind that the extra week in the fourth quarter last 
year contributed $125 million of sales and about $0.08 to earnings per share to the fourth quarter of 2012. Our gross 
profit margin was 36.9% in the fourth quarter of 2013, compared with 37.9% in the fourth quarter last year. 
Substantially, all of the decrease was driven by occupancy and distribution expenses, reflecting the loss of the benefit 
of the extra week of sales last year, lower leverage from a 1.2% comp, and the incremental expense associated with the 
ramp-up of our new DC in Windsor, Connecticut while maintaining a high level of service to stores as we realign DCs 
consistent with our added capacity. 

Merchandise margin was similar to the same period last year, driven by continued improvements in initial markup 
reflecting a 60 basis point shift towards discretionary product, and continued improvements in sourcing. These 
improvements were partially offset by a 10 basis point increase in shrink expense, which remains below 2% of sales. 


SG&A expense was 21.3% of sales for the quarter compared with 21.7% reported in the fourth quarter last year. 
Payroll related expenses declined by approximately 50 basis points, due to lower expenses for performance based 
incentive compensation and retirement plan contributions, as well as improved store labor productivity, compared with 
the last year. 

Operating and corporate expenses increased by five basis points, driven by higher utility costs, and depreciation 
increased 10 basis points, primarily reflecting the impact of the extra week last year. 

Operating income of $348.2 million in the fourth quarter was $15.3 million less than the record $363.5 million in 
operating income for the 14 week fourth quarter last year. Operating margin was 15.6% compared with operating 
margin of 16.2% in the fourth quarter last year, which included a 40 basis point benefit from the extra week. 

For the full year 2013, operating income increased $50.2 million and our operating margin was 12.4%, compared with 
12.4% last year. The tax rate for the quarter was 37.2% versus 37% in the fourth quarter last year. For the full fiscal 
year, the tax rate was 37.5% compared with 36.7% in 2012. 

Looking at the balance sheet and statement of cash flow, cash and cash equivalents at year-end totaled $267.7 million 
versus $399.9 million at the end of fiscal 2012. During 2013, we invested $1.1 billion for share repurchase, including a 
$1 billion accelerated share repurchase program. As you may recall in September, the Board of Directors authorized a 
$2 billion share repurchase program. Under the new authorization, the company invested $1 billion for share 
repurchase – purchases through the accelerated share repurchase program that was launched on September 17. 

The ASR was funded by $250 million of available cash and $750 million from the private placement of senior notes 
completed in September. We received 15 million shares as part of the ASR in 2013, all during the third quarter. No 
shares were delivered in the fourth quarter. All additional shares repurchased under the ASR will be delivered to the 
company on or before June 2014. The diluted weighted average shares outstanding for the fourth quarter were $209.3 
million. We will update you on any additional shares delivered as part of the ASR when we report results for the first 
quarter. 

Our consolidated inventory at year-end was 6.6% greater than at the same time last year, while selling square footage 
increased 6.9%. Consolidated inventory per selling square foot decreased 0.3%. This includes inventory on the water 
and in our distribution centers relating to the later Easter, our Spring Fling promotion and our first quarter store 
openings. We entered 2014 with leaner store level inventory than last year, reflecting our inventory management plan. 
We believe that current inventory levels are appropriate to support scheduled new store openings, and our first quarter 
sales initiatives. 

Capital expenditures were $46 million in the fourth quarter of 2013; this compares with $75.5 million in the fourth 
quarter of last year. For the full year 2013, capital expenditures were $330.1 million, compared with $312.2 million in 
2012. 

For 2014, we're planning consolidated capital expenditures to be in the range of $350 million to $360 million. Capital 
expenditures are focused on new stores and remodels including additional fee development stores, the addition of 
frozen and refrigerated capability to approximately 320 stores, IT system enhancements, the expansion of our Joliet, 
Illinois distribution center in the beginning phases of work on our 11th distribution center. 

Depreciation and amortization totaled $50.3 million for the fourth quarter, versus $46.9 million in the fourth quarter 
last year. For the full year, depreciation was $190.7 million, a five basis point increase from last year. For 2014, 
depreciation and amortization is estimated to be in the range of $200 million to $210 million. 

Our guidance for 2014 includes the following assumptions: First, in regard to freight expense, we will soon be 
negotiating new ocean rates that become effective on May 1. As always, we cannot predict the outcome of those 
negotiations, nor can anyone accurately predict the direction of diesel prices for the next year. For this reason, our 
guidance assumes that ocean freight rates and diesel prices will be similar to their current levels, on average, 
throughout fiscal 2014. 


Second, Easter is three weeks later this year. This represents an $8 million sales opportunity in the first quarter. Also as 
we look ahead to the fourth quarter, this year there's one additional selling day between Thanksgiving and Christmas, 
which returns us to a more normal pattern than last year. Our guidance also assumes a tax rate of 38.4% for the first 
quarter and 38.2% for the full year. Weighted average diluted share counts are assumed to be 207.9 million shares for 
the first quarter and 206.7 million shares for the full year. 

While we still see share repurchase as a good use of cash, our guidance assumes no additional share repurchase other 
than the expected completion of share deliveries related to the ASR. With that in mind, for the first quarter of 2014, 
we're forecasting sales in the range of $1.98 billion to $2.04 billion and diluted earnings per share in the range of $0.63 
to $0.68, which would represent a 9% to 17% increase compared to the first quarter of 2013 earnings of $0.58 per 
diluted share. 

The sales range implies a low single digit comparable store sales increase and 6.7% square footage growth. For the full 
year of 2014, we are forecasting sales in the range of $8.35 billion to $8.58 billion based on a low single digit increase 
in comparable store sales and 7% square footage growth. Diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of 
$2.91 to $3.13. This represents an increase of 7% to 15% over 2013 earnings per share of $2.72. 

With that, I'll turn the call back over to Bob. 

Bob Sasser 

Thank you, Kevin. In summary, during 2013, our comp store sales increased 2.4% and total sales grew 6% to a record 
$7.8 billion. We achieved 12.4% operating margin, and earnings per share increased to $2.72; 2013 was a year of great 
accomplishment. We opened 343 new stores in 2013, expanded and relocated 71 stores, and ended the year with 4,992 
stores and square footage growth of 6.9%. We expanded frozen and refrigerated product to 608 stores for a total of 
3,157 stores across the U.S. We opened a new one million square foot, fully automated distribution center in Windsor, 
Connecticut ahead of schedule and under budget. And we expanded capacity to two other DCs, San Bernardino, 
California and Marietta, Oklahoma. 

As we enter our 28th year, Dollar Tree can be proud of its record of steady growth, and continuous reinvention, while 
maintaining and remaining true to our core concept; everything is still $1 at Dollar Tree stores in the U.S. The Dollar 
Tree business model is powerful, and flexible, it's been tested by time, and validated by history. 

The Dollar Tree model is now more relevant than ever, providing extreme value to customers, while recording record 
level of earnings. Customers know that even in a difficult economy, at Dollar Tree, you can still splurge; everything's 
only $1. 

We saw plenty of evidence of this in the fourth quarter. With the worst winter weather in decades, our traffic was up. 
When people were out shopping, they came to Dollar Tree. I believe that Dollar Three can do even better in the future, 
and there is much more opportunity ahead of us than behind us. We have multiple platforms for growth; as we focus on 
serving the customer, our plans are to grow and expand the Dollar Tree brand in the U.S. through more stores and 
better stores. 

The Deals brand is serving more customers, with more categories. Dollar Tree Canada is positioned for profitable 
expansion and a new geography. And Dollar Tree Direct continues to broaden its search and its reach to new customers 
throughout North America. We have plenty of opportunities to grow our business, a vision of where we want to go, and 
the infrastructure and capital to make it happen while generating substantial free cash. And we continue to manage our 
capital for the benefit of long-term shareholders. 

We invested more than $1.1 billion for share repurchase in 2013 and have another $1 billion authorization remaining. 
I'm especially proud of our Dollar Tree associates from every department in the company who work hard to deliver on 
our promise of great value merchandise and stores that are full, fun and friendly for every customer, every day. As we 
enter 2014, our inventories are clean and fresh, the shelves are full of terrific merchandise for the spring, St. Patrick's 
Day and the early Easter shoppers. Our stock rooms are in great shape and our merchandise values have never been 


higher. 

We will now address your questions. So that we can accommodate as many callers as time permits, we ask that you 
limit your questions to two. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Dan Wewer with Raymond James. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Morning, Dan. 

<Q - Dan R. Wewer>: How are you today? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: I'm doing terrific, hope you are. 

<Q - Dan R. Wewer>: I am. Thank you. Just two questions, the comment you made on new store productivity was 
very helpful. Can you update us on how new stores are ramping in sales growth, let's say, in the following three years 
after they're opened? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Well. They always ramp up, after the first year. 

<Q - Dan R. Wewer>: Well, I know that. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: The first year, we – I don't know that I have those numbers in front of me right now, but just 
anecdotally, we ramp up the next year. Kevin, do have a? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Yeah, Dan, as we look at it, and we track them by class or year opened, obviously the first 
three years is when we get the biggest increase in sales. But the more interesting thing from my perspective is the fact 
that if you go back and we track it from the class of 2000 going forward, every class continues to comp positive. So 
these stores, even when they're seven years, eight years, ten years old, they continue to comp, as a class, positive. So, 
it's kind of counter intuitive, and you don't see that necessarily in all retail concepts. But as we've continued to become 
more productive as an overall company, as we've continued to broaden assortments and categories, and continued to be 
relevant to the consumer, we've been able to grow our productivity across all the stores. But you are right, the first three 
years, you'll see higher productivity from a comp perspective, which is typically two to three times what the rest of the 
average class is doing. 

<Q - Dan R. Wewer>: Yeah. I was just trying to think given 21% of your selling space, three years of age or less, is 
that giving you, say a 2% comp sales gain in your hip pocket every day you go to work? Just for that maturation of 
those young stores. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: So, I mean obviously they do provide a bigger part of the overall comp, but from our 
perspective, the more important thing is to keep all category of classes going forward on a comping positive. 

<Q - Dan R. Wewer>: Then my second question. Bob, historically during years that minimum wage increased has 
correlated with a very strong same-store sales growth for the value retailers. Now there is discussion about bumping the 
minimum wage up to $10.10. How would you see that impacting Dollar Tree's comp sales prospects as well as, I guess, 
your expense rate would increase with higher payroll? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Yeah. It's sort of hard to predict, Dan. We don't know first of all if or when the rates will change 
and of course the proposal out there with $7.25 going to $9 in 2015 and $10.10 in 2016, we've looked at that and what 
the impact might be. The most recent federal minimum wage increase was at 2007, 2008 and 2009, and we really saw 
little impact from that, that we could measure at that time. I would think that a little more money in a lower income 
person's pocket would find its way into a Dollar Tree store where we're always striving to offer great values at only a 
dollar price point. The cost impact, there would be some cost impact in the first year depending on when it is. We're 


higher than the minimum wage anyway. There's 20 states now that have minimum wages greater than $7.25. So, there 
would be, if and after a change in the minimum wage, the first year would likely be little or no impact on the cost side, 
and it just depends on where it goes from there. But I feel confident that we can manage to wage pressures and wage 
increases. We have been able to do so far, and I think we have a good plan to do that going forward with increasing 
productivity of our stores, increasing our sales productivity, and facing, whether it's minimum wage price, cost 
increases or other cost increases that have come along. I think we have a pretty good history of being able to manage 
through those. 

<Q - Dan R. Wewer>: Yeah. Well, great. Thanks. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Okay. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And, we'll take our next question from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Morning, Matt. 

<Q - Matthew R. Boss>: Morning, guys. So, on same-store sales, look, we've seen the model generate mid single 
digits, during good and bad times. More recently, a low single-digit track here. What's the underlying multi-year run 
rate, we should be thinking about? I mean, do you guys believe that anything has changed? Is anything flowing, I mean, 
do you think that we could potentially get back to some of the comps we've seen in the past? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: You know, Matt, our guidance is how we're thinking about it for the next quarter and the next year. 
I will tell you that nothing has changed functionally, structurally, nothing is broken. I would point to the most recent 
quarter. It was really hard to see the underlying strength of our business many weeks of the quarter, because of all the 
comparison changes with the shift in the calendar and last year's 53rd week, and now you go into severe weather. We 
had, I think 14 named storms. I didn't even know they named them. I think they just started naming them this year, but 
seven in December, and seven in January, and that really did disrupt a large swath of not only our business, but I 
assume everyone else's too. But structurally, we're always looking to continue to drive the comp store sales increases. 
We have initiatives in place that we think will continue to have healthy comp store sales increases. We'll continue to 
manage our gross margin as we have for years, and we'll continue to manage our expenses for a continued growth in 
our operating margin. 

<Q - Matthew R. Boss>: Great. And then on the gross margin line, I mean clearly some noise in this quarter, but how 
should we think about that line going forward? And particularly parsing out the merchandise margins, do you see 
continued opportunity on that line? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Matt, I'm going to let Kevin talk about parts of the gross profit, but I just want to say though, that 
the merchandise margin, merchandise markup, we again, once again delivered maybe a little better than our plan on the 
merchandise markup. We're in control of that piece of it because we go to market with two purposes; one, to offer the 
most value for the dollar at a margin we're willing to accept. So our initial markup, our merchandise margins are 
always well controlled, through good times, through tough times, through recessionary times, through inflationary 
times, we've always been able to manage that. I'll let Kevin talk about a few other components in gross profit in fourth 
quarter that I'd like Kevin to describe for you. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Yeah, so obviously coming through the fourth quarter, good performance on the product 
margin side from the standpoint of really product margin, again increased. The gains there were offset a little bit by 
increased shrink. We've seen our shrink increase this year, not unlike some other retailers. So, obviously we're focused 
on getting that back to where we'd like it to be. We were at historical rates, or historically low rates a couple years ago, 
and obviously we have teams that are very focused and that's a big goal for the teams here to make that happen. 


As we look at the distribution costs, obviously with the opening of Windsor this year, that's created some headwinds as 
far as being able to leverage our distribution costs as well as we have in the past. We'll obviously cycle that into Q2 
going forward this next year, so that obviously gives us an opportunity to hopefully see less deleveraging there going 
forward. Occupancy, as always, we've shown historically that probably at a 3% or even a little less we can potentially 
leverage occupancy. 

As we go into what the guidance really basically I think assumes just to give you guys some color on that in general is 
the fact that, we're really looking for gross profit to be relatively flat year-over-year; improvement in SG&A, we 
obviously believe we can continue to drive improvement there. And then the other factor affecting us next year is a 
higher tax rate. So we're being affected in 2014 by the fact that the work opportunity tax program has not been renewed 
at this point in time. That has happened other points in time in over the lifecycle of it. Given we've got a pretty 
integrated process, our tax department has created a pretty integrated process with a third party where we do a really 
good job of screening and qualifying people for that. So it's become more important to us. 

Now historically they've put the program back into place potentially later in the year and would potentially be 
retroactive is historically how we've seen it happen. So if that would happen we'd see the tax rate come down later in 
the year, but that is a little bit of a headwind as well within the P&L as we go through 2014. 

<Q - Matthew R. Boss>: That's great color. Thanks a lot. Best of luck. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Charles Grom with Sterne Agee. 

<Q - Charles Grom>: Hey, thanks. Good morning guys. Just to clarify the guidance for the first quarter of low single 
digit comps, is that where you guys are tracking quarter-to-date? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Well, our guidance assumes everything that we know Chuck. So we have included our 
quarter-to-date this year into our guidance. 

<Q - Charles Grom>: Okay, okay. Fair enough. And then just in 2013, you guys installed a lot of new initiatives 
throughout the store, the front end and increased SKUs in some categories that obviously paid off, particularly in the 
front half of last year. I'm just wondering if you guys could shed some light on what you guys have in store for 2014. It 
looks like the cooler number is going to be a little bit lower. Just wondering if there's other parts of the store you guys 
are going to be particularly focused on. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: There's a lot we're focused on, a broad swath, and it's really staying focused on the customer and 
the customers' needs and things that they want. So, we continue to focus initiatives on in-stock home basics, things they 
need every day at exceptional value. When they come to shop, we want to have those needs-based products so that they 
can complete their shopping trip. And when they're in the store, we want seasonal energy; we want them to see the 
changing of the seasons with the new season, the next season, fun things, color, exciting things, thing they didn't 
expect. 

We always strive, point a lot of initiatives at full, fun, friendly stores that are well stocked, and customer engagement in 
our stores is initiatives that continue to; we work with our store associates to greet our customers, we're self service to a 
large degree, but when you see a customer and you're within range, smile and greet them and make sure that their needs 
are being met and all the way through to the front end as they're going out, our cashiers smiling, thanking them for their 
trip, offering them something else, a new item that they may not have seen. So customer engagement initiatives are on 
our plate. 

We want stores that are first-of-the-month ready. A lot of our customers get extra cash in their pocket at the first of the 
month. We want to make sure that our displays are chunky at the first of the month; we want fully, well-stocked stores. 


We're going to continue to roll out our frozen and refrigerated. It's high value; it's a category that does offer a reason for 
a customer to come to our stores more frequently and as I said, we were planning 320 new frozen and refrigerated 
stores and expanding it in another 50 stores this year. Throughout last year was a largest rollout that we've had, I 
believe, in any one year, 608 stores or something like that. So we began with a plan and we saw the opportunity to 
expand it, and we continued to expand our frozen and refrigerated. 

Our category expansions, what we call our Drive the Business initiatives continue with Drive the Business in 
stationery, and party, candy, snacks and lot of our Drive the Business initiatives in our home departments. We're 
expanding for more wow. I believe that with our buying power now, and our merchants are finding the ability to 
leverage that buying power into more value, bigger sizes, bigger savings; so increasing the value. It's still $1, but you 
get more for the buck than you've ever gotten before. And then the last thing I'll just point to is what we call initiatives 
around operational excellence. We'd like to offer the same great experience in every store to every customer, every day, 
and we're doing a lot of work around that; a lot of training, retraining, coaching and the like around our store 
experience, because that is the point of engagement for our customers. 

<Q - Charles Grom>: Great, that was helpful. Thanks. Good luck. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Paul Trussell with Deutsche Bank. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Hey, Paul. 

<Q - Paul E. Trussell>: Hey, good morning. Thank you for all the color you've given to date on the call, it's been very 
helpful. Just wanted to move to kind of the Deals stores and Canada. If you can just give, and shed a little bit more light 
on the topline and margin trends you're seeing in those smaller segments. So as those pieces of your store re-grow a bit 
bigger, just want to know how that will impact the model? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: I'm pleased with where we are with our Deals model. We continue to improve; we continue to 
refine the assortments. In the fourth quarter, we had one of our strongest seasons as some of new categories, the 
expanded categories like toys. We had expanded assortments of party and catering in our Deals stores that performed 
very well. And our basic home area continues to perform well. 

The top line growth in our Deals stores, and the margin, we really don't break that out from the rest, but I'm pleased 
with it. I think we have opportunity to continue to drive more top line growth in our Deals stores. Typically, we're 
aiming those at the more urban environment, those environments that may be underserved that have a lot of customers 
that need the kind of products that we sell at the value prices. From that, we are experiencing higher volume sales, 
higher sales per square foot; the margin is lower, the margin rate. We have a lot of initiatives around improving the 
margin rate in our Deals stores as we go forward. Because, I think it's there to be done, frankly. But Deals is moving 
along as planned. We have a huge opportunity; we haven't quantified how many stores Deals can be, but I can tell that 
it's going to be a large number at the time that we have it right. 

Canada has been really three years now. And it's been three years of investment in Canada. We have invested in 
infrastructure. We've put virtually all of our systems in, all the ones that make a difference in Canada, we put all those 
in. We have invested in people and store teams. We have invested in the re-bannering of all of the Dollar Giant stores, 
now are bannered Dollar Tree Canada. That was completed in last year, 2013. 

We're investing in the assortment planning process and really the key to Canada now is all about the merchandise and 
it's all about the stores, and it's about offering the best value for $1.25 Canadian in the country. And we're capable of 
doing that; we're seeing some great excitement from the customers when we do that. We can do better. We continue to 
find our way a little bit on some of the consumer products, but pleased with our ability to get where we need to be in 
stock, in business with our basics every day surrounded by all this great seasonal and unexpected values that you find 


as you do in Dollar Tree, U.S. So Dollar Tree Canada we think we can run, over time, up to 1,000 stores in Canada. We 
expanded this year dramatically, a big percentage, almost was 29%. Our continued plan is to continue expanding at 
about a 25% rate in Canada store count. 

<Q - Paul E. Trussell>: That's helpful. And then just a question on what you're seeing from lower income consumers. 
Obviously you have a unique model with the single price point, but as you kind of parse through the data, is there any 
different behavior you're noticing from the customers that do use EBT? Within your stores are they choosing, for 
example, the 30-pill, private label, headache medicine, instead of the four pills of Advil? Is their basket size changing 
at all? Any color you could provide on trends per income demographic will be helpful. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: All right. Well, we take SNAP and we take food stamps and of late, obviously, the food stamp 
programs have been reduced. I think average customer, SNAP recipient like $35 in their monthly food stamps. We 
have not really felt that. If you look at the numbers, our percent of SNAP transactions is running pretty consistent. It's a 
small number anyway, as I've always said it, but I haven't seen any impact on the percentage of our SNAP benefits. 

In reality, I do know there's a pressure; there has to be a pressure when you take your lowest income consumers, and 
take $35 out of their pocket. There is an impact from that. As far as the basket size, we really haven't noticed any 
changes in that. But there continues to be pressure on the consumer and they continue to be burdened and worried. I 
think that we all see that in our stores. There's some signs of improvement in the economy, but the pressure still 
remains. Unemployment is still stubbornly high, still higher cost of living impacts with fuel, and food and taxes, and 
now heating costs with a cold winter I think there's going to be, obviously, there's going to be more pressure on that. 
And really just the anxiety of uncertainty in the future. All that remains a real strain on the family budget. Our job at 
Dollar Tree is to be part of the solution. We strive to provide products for our customers across the income spectrum 
that gives them a balance of things they need, things they want, tremendous values, just a dollar, clean bright stores, 
friendly people in our stores, every customer, every store, every day being greeted and treated especially well. So, I 
can't tell you that I see any of the numbers in our business. I will tell you the pressures still remain and we're still 
focused on providing the solution. 

Operator 

And we have time for a couple more questions. We'll take our next question from Meredith Adler with Barclays. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Morning Meredith. 

<Q - Meredith Adler>: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I respect the fact that you guys are 
always very conservative. But I am, other than the tax rate, I'm kind of scratching my head to understand why you're 
really expecting pretty modest increase in net income. Because it's possible that we have another terrible winter next 
year, but it's hard to imagine that it's worse than what we have now. And it's really modest growth, when you look at 
the second through fourth quarters. I understand the first quarter is being pressured again by weather. But I know 
you've said there's no change in the underlying business, but by putting the guidance out so low, it's as if you're staying 
you do think that there are some kind of underlying issues. So I'm a little bit confused. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Meredith, I guess I would start with – I don't think the guidance we've given is a whole lot 
different than traditional in the sense of the increase in earnings per share in that 7% to 15% range. That's been pretty 
consistent with the last couple years I believe, if you would go back and check. So I don't think that's necessarily 
significantly different. As we sit here today, obviously the third and fourth quarter where we had our lowest comps in 
2013, it's a ways out there. And as we go through the year, obviously we'll have the opportunity to adjust accordingly if 
there's reason to. So, but I do feel that as we've put our guidance together and worked through it that we're fairly 
comfortable with that low single digit comp increase. We did a 2.4% this year. We obviously want to do better and are 
striving to do better. But there's a lot of different things going on out there. You heard Bob speak to the consumer and 
the pressures that are continuing to be there and all the uncertainty. You have to take that into consideration, obviously 
what we're going to focus on is again, doing what we do best, which is growing the brand, opening new stores. We've 
got 450 projects on the plans for this next year, the most we've done, maybe ever I guess in the single year. So we think 


that's important. If we can continue to think about that and how we can continue to improve our new store productivity, 
there's a lot of things that we're working on that hopefully at the end of the day hopefully we'll be able to exceed the 
guidance. But at this point, we're very comfortable with where we're at with it, and I think that's kind of the background 
of how we got to it. 

<Q - Meredith Adler>: Okay. That's fair. And if I could just ask a question about distribution. You said that you're 
going to start to work on the 11th distribution center and also expand Joliet this year. I was wondering if you will – will 
that continue to have an impact on distribution costs as a percentage of sales or the fact that you got the new DC open, 
which is going to shorten the stem miles a little bit? Do they sort of offset each other? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Well, Meredith, first of all we're expanding our distribution network to provide capacity to support 
our new store growth as well as our continue comp store growth. So, we'll be expanding Joliet this year. We're also 
looking at DC 11. So we wanted to share with you, I wanted to share with you that we are looking at DC 11. It'll be late 
in the year, and there may be not much spent actually this year. But certainly DC 11 is coming up. We do plan to 
continue to grow; we continue to expand our store base as well as expand our productivity of our existing stores. 

So as we grow, we have to have capacity. So we're building for capacity. We're also considering costs, we're 
considering stem miles inbound, where the vendors are, and how much it costs to get it in the doors; we're considering 
stem miles to our stores as we go forward, and as we always have. 

So as we open up these new distribution centers, stem miles typically will be reducing. So that will provide some 
positive aspect to our distribution cost. Stem miles inbound may or may not reduce; that's the product of where the 
vendors lie. So all in all, as I would expect DC 10 to continue to get more efficient, to deliver our product, receive and 
deliver our products to our stores more efficiently. As we expand Joliet, we're also going to be looking for efficiencies 
in the expansion to improve how we – and as we expand we'll look at also how we're delivering the product. And so 
that's my expectation and providing for capacity, number one; number two, continuing to reap the benefits of 
decreasing our stem miles. 

<Q - Meredith Adler>: Okay. Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

And we'll take our final question from Matt Nemer with Wells Fargo Securities. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Morning, Matt. 

<Q - Matt R. Nemer>: Good morning. Two quick follow-ups. First, could you talk to the sustainability of the payroll 
expense improvements that you talked about in the fourth quarter, as we look forward to the next few quarters? And 
then secondly, the cooler freezer expansion number was quite a big lower than last year. How much upside do you 
think there is to that 300ish number? And could you just remind us how many of your existing stores would be eligible 
for freezer and cooler expansion? Thanks. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Matt, that freezer/cooler number changes every year because we keep opening new stores every 
year. We put it in most of the stores that we open. As long as there's no restrictions in the location, as long as the store 
size is such that it'll fit in. Sometimes we open a smaller store than we can put that in. And also stores of a volume. So 
there's a few criteria. We usually meet those. The restrictions though, however, they do take us out of putting them in 
all new stores. So as we go forward, we'll have more every year. As we open up new stores, we'll have more freezer 
cooler stores. It won't be all the new stores typically, but it'll be some of those. 

And then we're always going back and looking at the existing fleet for those same type of criteria, because we open up 
a store and it may be of a volume that we're not putting the freezer cooler in, but it grows over time. So as it comps up 
year-over-year, then it reaches our volume, then we may drop it in for those reasons. 

So, it's hard to say exactly how many it can be, because we keep growing. I think we've characterized it as about 300 a 
year for a while, and for this year it's 320. There's also an opportunity that we're finding, as our business continues to 


grow to go back and expand some doors and some existing stores and we're doing 50 of those this year. 

So I think the frozen refrigerated is going to be with us as a growth category for quite some time. We're growing the 
store base faster than we're putting it in, for one thing. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: In regards to your question, Matt, in regards to wages, and the continued productivity. Just 
like the rest of our business, we have initiatives there to help our stores, and help them become more efficient. If you 
look over the last number of years, we've had initiatives around store task scheduling to make things consistent across 
stores, and help them understand what needs to be done when, and so forth. 

We've got automated scheduling systems now that help them as far as making sure we have the right number of people 
the right times of the day in the stores. When we've done things from a merchandise standpoint, you've heard me speak 
in the past about flow of inventory and how it makes us better when we flow it at a more even level and kind of take 
out what we refer to as the violent peaks, such that they can handle it in a much better way. So that not only helps the 
DCs, it also helps the flow to the stores and it allows them to get it to the floor much faster at the end of the day, and in 
a much more efficient way. 

So, the interesting thing I think is if you look at maybe the last 10 years, we've seen our average hourly wage go up, 
maybe a little less than $2 an hour. We've actually seen our wages as a percent of sales go down about 200 basis points. 
So we've obviously gotten more productivity; obviously, sales productivity helps that, but also just the many initiatives 
that we consistently work towards help our overall ability to affect that line item. And it's an important line item, 
because it is the biggest line item of expense on our P&L at the end of the day. 

<Q - Matt R. Nemer>: Great. That's helpful. Good luck this year. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And this does conclude the question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Tim Reid for any 
additional or closing remarks. 

Timothy J. Reid 

Thank you, Noah. Thank you all for participating in the call, for your interest in the company, and especially for your 
investment in Dollar Tree. Our next conference call is scheduled for May 22, 2014. Thank you. 

Operator 

And this does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2014, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


