Q4 2012 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Timothy J. Reid 
• Bob Sasser 
• Kevin S. Wampler 
Other Participants 

• Dan Wewer 
• Matt Nemer 
• Aram Rubinson 
• Matthew R. Boss 
• Stephen W. Grambling 
• John M. Zolidis 
• Scot Ciccarelli 
• Peter J. Keith 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Thank you for standing by. Good day and welcome to the Dollar Tree, Inc. Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. 

And at this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Tim Reid, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, 
sir. 

Timothy J. Reid 

Thank you, Mike. Good morning and welcome to the Dollar Tree conference call for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012. 
Our call today will be led by Bob Sasser, our President and Chief Executive Officer, who will provide insights on our 
performance in the quarter and recent developments in the business. Kevin Wampler, our Chief Financial Officer, will 
provide a more detailed review of our fourth quarter financial performance and provide our guidance for 2013. 

Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that various remarks that we will make about future expectations, 
plans, and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for the purposes of the safe harbor 
provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 

Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various 
important factors, included in our most recent press release, most recent current report on Form 8-K, quarterly report on 
Form 10-Q and Annual Report on Form 10-K, all of which are on file with the SEC. We have no obligation to update 
our forward-looking statements and you should not expect us to do so. 

At the end of our planned remarks, we will open your call to questions, which we ask that you please limit to one 
question and one follow-up question if necessary. 

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bob Sasser, our President and CEO. Bob? 


Bob Sasser 

Thanks Tim. Good morning everyone. Welcome to the call, and thank you for your continued interest in Dollar Tree. 
This morning we announced our sales and earnings for the fourth quarter of 2012. I'm pleased to report that fourth 
quarter comparable store sales increased 2.4%. This was on top of a 7.3% increase in the fourth quarter last year. This 
increase was split somewhat evenly between traffic and average ticket with a 1% gain in traffic and a 1.4% increase in 
average basket size. Total sales increased 15.4% to $2.25 billion. Anecdotally, this was the first $2 billion quarter in the 
history of the company and it was as always achieved largely one dollar at a time. 

In terms of geography, performance in the fourth quarter was relatively consistent across the country as all zones 
achieved positive comp store sales. The highest comps came from New England and the Midwest. This was followed 
closely by the Southwest, the Southeast, the Far West and the Mid-Atlantic. 

Sales growth in the fourth quarter came from a mix of both basic and discretionary products. Our top performing 
categories include housewares and home products, stationery, healthcare products, party supplies, food and beverages. 
Comps were positive every month with our strongest performance in December. 

Earnings for the fourth quarter were $1.01 per share. This represents a 26.3% increase over last year's $0.80 per share. 
Operating margin for the fourth quarter 2012 was 16.2%, an increase of 70 basis points over the fourth quarter last year 
and net income rose by $40.7 million or 21.7% to $228.6 million. These results include the impact of the 53rd week, 
which contributed approximately $125 million of sales and $0.08 earnings per share. For the full-year fiscal 2012, 
comp store sales increased 3.4%. That's on top of a 6% comp store sales increase last year and a 6.3% comp in 2010 for 
a three-year stack of 15.7%. 

Net sales were $7.39 billion, an increase of 11.5% over fiscal 2011. Operating income increased by $138 million and 
operating margin was 12.4%, an increase of 60 basis points compared with 2011. Net income rose 26.8% to $619.3 
million. This was on top of a 22.9% increase in net income last year. 

Earnings for the full year were $2.68 per share, an increase of 33.3% compared with $2.01 per share last year. In 
addition to the impact of the 53rd week, the full year results include the previously disclosed gain on the sale of our 
investment in Ollie's, which contributed $0.16 earnings per share in the third quarter. 

Excluding the impact of these two items, earnings per share for the year rose 21.4% to $2.44 per share. I'm very pleased 
with these results. They were achieved in a tough environment. They speak to the value and continued relevance for 
our merchandise, the power and flexibility of our model and the day-by-day execution of our strategy across the 
organization. I'm extremely proud of our Dollar Tree associates who work every day to deliver on our promise of great 
value merchandise and a clean, bright and fun place for our customers to shop. 

Looking forward, we're excited about our growth potential and continued relevance to the customer. Over the next 
several years, we expect the consumer's demand for value will continue to grow and intensify. Dollar Tree is uniquely 
positioned to take advantage of the continuing trend. Our plan is to grow our business by providing more value to a 
broader range of customers and we're doing this in many ways. The first way is through organic new store growth, and 
we have a lot of room to grow. For the full-year 2012, we opened 345 new stores and relocated or expanded 87 stores 
for a total of 432 projects. Selling square footage increased 7.7%. We exceeded our original plan, which included 315 
new stores and a total of 390 projects, and we ended the year with 4,671 stores. 

In the fourth quarter this year boosted by January openings, we opened 47 stores and relocated and expanded 6 stores. 
In the past, we've chosen not to open stores in January, but that's changing. In fiscal 2012, due to the efficiency of our 
store development teams, we accelerated the opening of 25 new stores and five relocations from early fiscal 2013 into 
January and we like the results. 

In addition to generating incremental sales in fiscal 2012, these stores will now give us a full year of sales in 2013 and 
improved productivity. Excluding the 30 projects opened ahead of schedule in January, square footage growth in fiscal 


2012 would have been 7.1%. 

This year, our plan includes approximately 340 new stores and 75 relocations for a total of 415 projects across the U.S. 
and Canada. This is in addition to the 25 new store openings and five relocations that we completed early, and opened 
in January of 2013. Square footage growth is planned to be 7.3% over fiscal 2012, which included the 30 store projects 
in January. 

In addition to opening more stores, our plan is to open better stores. I am particularly pleased that average new store 
sales per square foot increased once again in 2012 to the highest level since 2001. New store productivity has now 
increased each year for seven consecutive years. This improvement has been a team effort. 

Our real estate department has focused on improved site selection and on rightsizing our stores to the market. Our 
merchants are working to develop more productive floor plans and expanding assortment with a focus on the most 
productive categories of merchandise. And our field organization is opening stores faster and more efficiently through 
improved staffing and building the bench of qualified store management. These have been the key elements to 
increasing our new store productivity and we expect this to continue. 

Efforts to increase sales per square foot are not limited to new stores. Elements of the strategy to increase store 
productivity can be seen throughout the chain. And in all stores, we're developing more powerful seasonal 
presentations to create interest and a fun shopping experience. 

Across the chain, we're expanding our basic assortments in candy, stationery, health and beauty care, and home and 
household products to maintain relevance to our customers. These were among our fastest growing categories in the 
fourth quarter. 

We have re-fixtured, re-merchandised and expanded assortments at the front end of our stores to create more 
merchandised energy and to drive impulse sales. Store associates are emphasizing the friendly factor with more 
effective customer engagement and working to drive sales of related items through cross-merchandising and through 
suggestive selling. And our expansion of frozen and refrigerated product continues. We installed freezers and coolers in 
329 stores in 2012, including 190 new stores exceeding our goal of 325 installations. We now offer frozen and 
refrigerated product in 2,549 stores. 

This important category is extremely productive. It serves the current needs of our customers, drives traffic into our 
stores, and provides incremental sales across all categories including our higher margin discretionary product. We plan 
to expand frozen and refrigerated product to an additional 475 stores this year. 

Another key component of our growth strategy is the development of new retail formats, the expansion of our 
geographic reach, and the development of additional channels of distribution. Specifically, that means Deal$, Dollar 
Tree Canada and Dollar Tree Direct 

Our Deal$ format extends our ability to serve more customers with more categories and increases our unit growth 
potential. Deal$ stores deliver low prices on everyday essentials, party goods, seasonal and home product. By lifting 
the restriction of the $1 price point at Deal$, we're able to serve more customers with more products at value prices 
every day. Awareness of the Deal$ brand is growing and the concept is building momentum. 

In the fourth quarter, Deal$ had particular success in toys, soft lines, stationery and HPC. I'm excited about the growth 
potential of Deal$, and particularly the opportunity that it provides to grow profitably in the higher-cost-of-operation 
urban markets. We added 25 new Deal$ stores in 2012, and ended the year with a net total of 194 Deal$ stores. We 
plan to continue this growth rate in 2013. 

Our Canadian integration and expansion continues. Through the investments made during 2011 in systems, training and 
infrastructure, we now have consistent year-on-year data on which to base our sales and assortment planning. 

Specifically, we have visibility to our on-hand, on-order and sales along with a trailing history by store and SKU. These 
are all key factors in the management of an efficient supply chain and improving customer satisfaction. 


With our merchant teams leveraging the buying power of Dollar Tree, Canadian customers are beginning to find 
broader, more exciting assortments and better values in our stores. Our recent Valentine's Day assortment reflected the 
best items from Dollar Tree and our customers responded enthusiastically. 

Our focus continues on building and solidifying store teams and improving product flow to the stores. We're working 
very hard to increase the service level and in-stock position of basic products while improving the shopping experience 
through a more powerful seasonal presence and a higher level of merchandise energy. And we're aggressively 
expanding our Canadian store base. We began 2012 with a plan to grow store count approximately 25% under the 
Dollar Tree brand. We exceeded this plan opening 41 new stores and we ended the year with 140 stores in Canada. 

Additionally in 2012, we completed the re-branding of all the former Dollar Giant stores in Ontario to Dollar Tree 
Canada. And we'll complete the transition with a rebranding of the stores in the Western Provinces by the end of the 
third quarter this year. Merchandise in Dollar Tree Canada will reflect a combination of the Dollar Tree U.S. 
assortment expanded with unique high-value offerings sourced by our Canadian merchandising team. We see enormous 
potential in Canada and we expect to grow our store count by 25% or greater in 2013. 

As previously reported, we believe the Canadian market can support up to 1,000 Dollar Tree stores. This is in addition 
to the 7,000 store potential for Dollar Tree in the United States plus additional growth in our Deal$ format. Our goal is 
to be the leading retailer in Canada at the single price point of $1.25, just as we are in the U.S. at the $1 price. 

Adding to our growth strategy, Dollar Tree Direct, our e-commerce business is expanding as planned. This additional 
channel of distribution provides an opportunity to broaden our customer base, drive incremental sales, expand the brand 
and attract more customers into our stores. Some key milestones achieved in 2012 by Dollar Tree Direct include 
growth in site traffic which exceeded 5 million unique customers in the fourth quarter, a 20% increase over the fourth 
quarter last year. 

Dollar Tree Direct now has over 2,600 items available online including 850 unique items that can be purchased in less 
than case quantities, an increase of over 65% versus the same time last year. We're using social media to drive brand 
awareness. Our 2012 holiday YouTube video was popular once again. The video had a 15% increase in views over last 
year's holiday video. 

Additionally, over 2 million people chose to interact with Dollar Tree via their mobile devices during the fourth 
quarter. Through these initiatives and more, Dollar Tree Direct is gaining customers every quarter. We expect to see 
continued growth in our Dollar Tree Direct sales. 

One of the keys to achieving consistent profitable results has been our practice of adding infrastructure and distribution 
capacity to support growth ahead of the need. In that regard, construction is proceeding according to schedule on our 
new 1 million square foot distribution center in Windsor, Connecticut. DC 10 will be automated and it's designed to 
increase capacity and provide cost effective service to our stores as we continue to expand in the Northeast. 

In addition to our new Northeast DC, in January, we announced plans to expand our DC in Marietta, Oklahoma by 
400,000 square feet bringing its total size to 1 million square feet. Both the Marietta expansion and the new Windsor 
DC are being financed through available cash and both will be operational in the third quarter this year. 

Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Kevin, who will give you more detail on our financial metrics and provide 
guidance. Kevin? 

Kevin S. Wampler 

Thanks Bob. As Bob mentioned, our diluted earnings per share increased 26.3% in the fourth quarter to $1.01. The 
increase resulted from our sales growth, a 15-basis point improvement in gross profit margin and a 55 basis point 
reduction in total SG&A expense compared to the fourth quarter last year. 

Sales and earnings for the quarter were also favorably impacted by the addition of the extra 14th week consistent with a 
53-week retail calendar, which contributed $125 million of sales and $0.08 earnings per share. 


Our gross profit margin grew to 37.9% during the fourth quarter compared to 37.8% in the fourth quarter last year. We 
achieved strong leverage on occupancy and distribution expenses reflecting the impact of the 53rd week and the 
increase in comparable store sales. We also achieved reductions in both shrink and markdown expense as a percent of 
sales. The shrink improvement came primarily from our Canadian operation reflecting the full implementation of our 
SKU-based inventory system for both periods. The improvements were partially offset by increased freight costs due to 
higher trucking rates and the impact of the continuing shifts in product mix, as basic consumable products increased by 
about 60 basis points as a percentage of sales in the fourth quarter. 

SG&A expenses were 21.7% of sales for the quarter compared with 22.2% reported in the fourth quarter last year. 

Payroll-related expenses declined by approximately 25 basis points due to lower incentive compensation expense 
compared with last year, partially offset by an increase in store payroll as a percent of sales. Appreciation declined by 
15 basis points helped in large part by the extra week. And operating expenses declined by approximately 10 basis 
points due to reduction in insurance and utility expense as a percent of sales. 

Operating income increased $61.5 million compared with the fourth quarter last year. And operating margin was 
16.2%, an increase of 70 basis points from the fourth quarter last year. It was the highest quarterly operating margin 
since 2002. 

For the full year, operating income increased $138 million and our operating margin grew to 12.4%, up 60 basis points 
from last year's 11.8% operating margin. The tax rate for the quarter was 37% versus 37.7% in the fourth quarter last 
year. The lower rate reflects primarily the favorable impact of the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 and a slightly 
lower state tax rate. For the full fiscal year, the tax rate was 36.7% compared with 37.4% in 2011. 

Looking at the balance sheet and statement of cash flow, cash and cash equivalents at year-end totaled $399.9 million 
versus $288.3 million at the end of fiscal 2011. During the fourth quarter, we invested $104.9 million for the 
repurchase of 2.7 million shares. 

For the full year, we invested $340.2 million for share repurchase and repurchased 7.7 million shares. At year end, we 
had $860 million remaining in our share repurchase authorization. The diluted weighted average shares outstanding for 
the fourth quarter was 227.1 million. We will update you on additional share repurchases, if any, at the end of the 
quarter, which they may occur. 

We continue to focus on increasing our inventory turns. Our inventory turns increased in 2012 for the eighth 
consecutive year to 4.25. Consolidated inventory at year-end was 12% greater than at the same time last year, and 
selling square footage grew by 7.7%. Consolidated inventory per selling square foot increased by 4.1%, which is down 
from the 5.2% increase at the end of the third quarter. This overall increase reflects inventory in our distribution centers 
relating to the earlier Easter, our Spring Fling promotion and the first quarter store openings. 

In addition, store level inventory was slightly higher, reflecting the timing of year-end relative to Valentine's Day due 
to the 53rd week. Capital expenditures were $75.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. This compares with $53.3 
million in the fourth quarter last year. For the full year of 2012, capital expenditures were $312.2 million compared 
with $250.1 million in 2011. 

For 2013, we are planning consolidated capital expenditures to be in the range of $320 million to $330 million. Capital 
expenditures are focused on new stores and remodels, addition of frozen and refrigerated capability for approximately 
475 stores, IT system enhancements, and approximately $37 million towards the new distribution center in Windsor, 
Connecticut and $25 million for the expansion of our DC in Marietta, Oklahoma. 

Depreciation and amortization totaled $46.9 million for the fourth quarter versus $44 million for the fourth quarter last 
year. For the full year, depreciation was $175.3 million, a 10 basis point decrease from last year. For 2013, depreciation 
and amortization is estimated to be in the range of $190 million to $200 million. 

Our guidance for 2013 includes the following assumptions: First, in regard to freight expense, we will soon be 
negotiating new ocean rates to become effective on May 1. As always, we cannot predict the outcome of these 


negotiations, nor can anyone accurately predict the direction of diesel prices for the next year. For this reason, our 
guidance assumes that ocean freight rates and diesel prices will be similar to their current levels on average throughout 
fiscal 2013. 

Second, Easter is one week earlier this year and it moves into March. This represents about a $4 million sales challenge 
in the first quarter. Also, as we look ahead to the fourth quarter, this year there are six fewer selling days between 
Thanksgiving and Christmas, which represents a $25 million sales challenge to the fourth quarter. 

Our guidance also assumes a tax rate of 38.1% for the first quarter and 37.8% for the full year. Weighted average 
diluted share counts are assumed to be 226.2 million shares for the first quarter and 226.7 million shares for the full 
year. While we still see share repurchase as a good use of cash, our guidance assumes no additional share repurchase. 

With that in mind, for the first quarter of 2013, we are forecasting sales in the range of $1.84 billion to $1.89 billion, 
and diluted earnings per share in the range of $0.53 to $0.58, which would represent a 6% to 16% increase compared to 
the first quarter 2012 earnings of $0.50 per diluted share. Sales range implies a low single-digit comparable store sales 
increase and 6.8% square footage growth. For the full fiscal year of 2013, we are forecasting sales in the range of $7.79 
billion to $7.97 billion based on a low single-digit increase in comparable store sales and 7.3% square footage growth. 

Diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $2.54 to $2.74. This represents an increase of 4% to 12% 
over 2012 earnings per share of $2.44, which excludes the impact of the 53rd week and the gain from the sale of Ollie's 
in the third quarter. 

With that, I'll turn the call back over to Bob. 

Bob Sasser 

Thanks Kevin. Once again, I'm very pleased with our company's performance in fourth quarter and for the year of 
2012. In summary, our comp store sales increased 3.4% and total sales grew 11.5% to a record $7.4 billion. 

Operating margin increased by 60 basis points to 12.4%. That's the best in the past 12 years and earnings per share 
increased by 21.4%, excluding the positive impact of the 53rd week and the gain from the sale of Ollie's. We opened 
345 new stores in 2012, we expanded and relocated 87 stores and we ended the year with 4,671 stores and square 
footage growth of 7.7%. 

Last year, our new stores achieved the highest sales per square feet in 12 years since 2001 when our average store size 
was much smaller. We expanded frozen and refrigerated product to 329 stores for a total of 2,549 stores across the U.S. 
At Deal$, new customers are pleased to find surprising values on consumer basics and you can see it in the results. 
Comp sales at Deal$ benefited from both increased traffic and increased average ticket. Customers are shopping more 
frequently and buying more on each trip. We opened 41 new stores in Canada, representing a 40% increase in our 
Canadian store base, and we're beginning to translate our investments and systems into better merchandise assortments 
for our Canadian customers. 

Significant enhancements to Dollar Tree Direct such as expanding break pack, enhancing our mobile capability and 
increasing our social media presence are attracting more customers. In order to efficiently support our continued 
growth, we broke ground on a new 1 million square foot DC in Windsor, Connecticut. And we've announced plans for 
the expansion of our Marietta, Oklahoma DC. 

As always, we continue to manage capital for the benefit of long-term shareholders. Last year, we repurchased $340.2 
million of our stock. We sold our interest in Ollie's in the third quarter with a gain of $60 million and a contribution of 
$38 million to net income. And we executed a two-for-one stock split in June. 

2012 was another great year of great accomplishment and I will tell you that we're singularly positioned to do even 
better in the future. We have a vision of where we want to go and the infrastructure and capital to make it happen. 
We're opening new Dollar Tree stores and there's plenty of room to grow. We're growing the productivity of our stores 
in both new stores and in comp stores. We're growing through new formats like Deal$ and Dollar Tree Direct, and 


we're growing through expanded geography. Canada provides a great opportunity for substantial growth. 

We will now address your questions. So that we can accommodate as many callers as time permits, we ask that you 
limit your questions to two. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Dan Wewer with Raymond James. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: Yeah, thanks. Hey. Good morning, Bob. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Good morning, Dan. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: Can you talk about what changed from the third quarter when same-store sales were struggling to 
be slightly positive to a 2.4% gain in the fourth quarter, in particular the comparisons actually became more difficult 
during the fourth quarter. And also curious as to why you're not expecting same-store sales to accelerate in the second 
half of 2013 given the comparisons become quite a bit easier? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Well, Dan, in reflecting back over the last year, the third quarter, we were up against a big comp in 
third quarter too, as I remember. We were especially up against the big comp in our consumer products. It was 
probably the highest – you didn't know that, but the highest consumer products comps that we were up against for the 
year. So there's a little difference in when you're looking at third quarter versus fourth quarter about what we're selling 
in the mix of what we're selling. Of course in fourth quarter, we had a couple of – we have the holidays, and at Dollar 
Tree, we're always – we come into our own at the holidays. And I think that's what you saw. We were up against in the 
fourth quarter the largest comp of the year and the largest quarter of the year and came out with a 2.4% comp. And I 
think it was just really great execution. We invested in the stores, standards and qualities and we got great execution. 
We had great merchandise in the fourth quarter, great values and by that we overcame the 7% plus comp from the year 
before. 

As to your second question, I believe about this year and the second half, we're really excited about the second half of 
this year. We're giving guidance to you based on what we know, from internal and what we see from external, we can – 
we've given first quarter guidance and guidance from the year. In uncertain times, our guidance – our visibility of the 
first quarter is a lot better than it is of fourth quarter. So we're factoring in some of the uncertainty in the business as 
we're looking forward. I do expect the second half of the year to be particularly strong. So that's how we got to the 
guidance, though. We know what we know, less visibility the further you get out. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: Let's just – if you're right, and let's say that same-store sales are in fact low single-digit for all of 
fiscal year 2013, historically, if you look at the inflation pressure at the store level, it runs about 2% to 3% a year. Do 
you see any opportunities to ratchet down the rate of expense growth? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Yeah. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: So that you have a chance to get expense leverage with only a 1.5% or a 2% comp? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Dan, we've proven we can get leverage on a 1.5% or 2% comp. Third quarter; we got leverage on 
our expenses this year on a 1.6% comp, fourth quarter 2.4% comp. We got leverage on expenses. So, yeah, there's 
continued opportunity to leverage our expenses on those low single-digit comps as we go forward, and we intend to by 
the way. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Thank you. 


Operator 

And we'll go next to Matt Nemer with Wells Fargo Securities. 

<Q - Matt Nemer>: Good morning. Could you talk to any impact you've seen from the payroll tax or the delayed tax 
refunds and if trends in January and February are any different than what you saw during the full quarter? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Yeah. Good morning. And thanks for joining us on the call. Look, the consumer is under pressure. 
Burdened and concerned is the way we sort of characterize the consumer right now. They're facing not only higher 
payroll taxes, but rising gas prices and with the tax refunds being delayed, they really are under pressure. Overall, less 
money to spend and you add to that job concerns and uncertainty that everybody sees out there right now. But at Dollar 
Tree, we think of ourselves as part of the solution. We're seeing the effect on the consumer. But, we think we're part of 
the solution and a destination for a cash-strapped customer that's trying to balance their budget. We have all the things 
that you need. Over half of what we sell now, 50.1%, are products that are needed most often and must haves in 
everyday life, high value and they're only a dollar and when our customers are in the store, they can still splurge at 
Dollar Tree on the discretionary products. Yes, you can afford it at Dollar Tree. It may be discretionary, but it's only a 
dollar also. So we believe as we've said for years, we're right for all times. We believe we're more relevant today with 
the consumer under pressure than we've ever been. And we think that's going to continue for a few years – several 
years. 

<Q - Matt Nemer>: Okay, great. And then secondly, can you talk to the cadence of the cooler, freezer expansion this 
year and then are there any other significant SKU additions or deletions planned for this year? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: The cadence is going to be throughout the first half, especially and maybe into third quarter. We 
take a little break around Easter. We don't want to do anything to disrupt our customer shopping experience around that 
important time of the year, but we're rolling out the 475 pretty regularly throughout the year, especially in the first half. 
What was the second question? 

<Q - Matt Nemer>: Any SKU significant category expansions or SKU additions this year? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Yeah, we're looking at across the business. We're looking at where we think we have opportunities 
to increase our market share, to drive sales, to drive margins. You're going to see expansions in our stores through the 
course of the year in our household products area, in our candy, snacks and beverage area, in our stationery business. 
We're very excited about our stationery business, and also – and our party business. So as we look at our – in addition 
to 475 more stores with frozen and refrigerated product, we're expanding a lot of the variety categories in the business. 

We're also – we have and continue to reengineer the front ends, 40% more SKUs on the front ends, permanent homes 
for our drive items, more and better customer engagement at the front of the store. We really want our customers to be 
challenged by great value and to purchase great product from the time they enter the store until the time they leave the 
store. So new checkout assortments are there, more SKUs, better variety, a lot of value, ever changing mix on the front 
ends of the stores, the front tables, the items of the week and especially in the seasonal department. 

<Q - Matt Nemer>: That's great. Best of luck this year. Thanks. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Thank you. Thank you. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Aram Rubinson with Nomura. 

<Q - Aram Rubinson>: Thanks. Good morning. And thank you for taking my question. Can you tell us about your 
customer a little bit specifically, I'm curious how they index to tobacco and to alcohol? I guess, what I'm trying to drive 
at is whether or not that push by Family Dollar and Dollar General to those categories, even though they're different 
formats, may have any impact on your own business or customer? 


<A - Bob Sasser>: Well, I guess we – our customer probably indexes the same as their customer does to tobacco. We 
have no plans to add tobacco in Dollar Tree stores. It's bad for you, but it's also bad for our margins at Dollar Tree, so 
there are no plans for tobacco. We are going to continue driving sales through, again as I said to the earlier question, 
we're really excited about the frozen or refrigerated business, rolling out another 475 stores and expanding a lot of our 
variety categories as well as expanding our WOW! items throughout the year. In times where consumers are in need of 
value, we've always been able to step it up and offer even more value for the dollar. We're looking to do that 
throughout the year this year with what we call our WOW! items, bigger sizes, bigger savings, still just one dollar. And 
by the way, operational excellence, we put great value on running great stores and a shopping experience that our 
customers find pleasurable. 

<Q - Aram Rubinson>: Thanks Bob. And if you don't mind a follow-up about inventory management, your inventory 
management has been fantastic for many years. So my question's a little counterintuitive, but I'm wondering whether or 
not you might be able to sell more if you stocked more inventory? Again, I know it's counterintuitive, but can you and 
have you tested whether plugging inventory can drive enough incremental sales from here to justify the investment? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Yeah, just speaking anecdotally to that and not to figures, but the – more inventory doesn't always 
equate into more sales. And what we want to have is the right amount of inventory in our stores for our customers when 
they want to buy it. So our opportunity continues to be the supply chain and delivering the right amount of inventory at 
the right times. We can still increase our turnover. We can still – and lower our average inventory levels, and still 
satisfy our customers even better, with less inventory in some cases. So I do appreciate the counterintuitive question. 
It's one that our merchants ask me all the time, but at the end of the day, the proof is in the pudding, and high 
inventories do not equal high sales. It's all about the right merchandise in the stores and then the productivity of that. 
So, thank you. 

<Q - Aram Rubinson>: Great answer. Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Matt Boss with JPMorgan. 

<Q - Matthew R. Boss>: Hey. Good morning, guys. From a competition standpoint, have you seen any impact on your 
traffic from a competitive standpoint? Any recent actions worth noting from your peers? And are you feeling any 
incremental pressure on any categories from a pricing perspective as a result of anything you've seen out there 
recently? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: We're looking at competition all the time. We watch them closely. I have great admiration for what 

– what they do. But, you've heard me say this before, we're just different, and we're small and we're convenient, and 
we're well located, where Middle America either lives or shops or both. At Dollar Tree everything's a dollar. So the 
idea of staying focused on what we do the best is what we're about. The Dollar Tree store, 10,000 square feet, 
everything's a dollar. It's an honest proposition. It's disarming to the customer, and that's our goal is to continue to 
exceed their expectations for what they can buy at a Dollar Tree. We do watch the competition. I do watch what they 
do. We respond really more to the customer than we do what the competition is doing. And that has worked well for us. 
<Q - Matthew R. Boss>: Okay. And then on more home discretionary, have you seen – can you talk about any trends 
in the quarter on the non-consumable side, any bright spots in home or seasonal and any in-store initiatives to drive the 
basket going forward? And then finally, tax refunds are beginning to trickle back in. Have you seen any improvement 
over the last couple weeks? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Well, I'll tell you in the last couple weeks, first we're into the year, what, three weeks now, and it's a 
story – two stories on this year. Three weeks into the year, I'll share with you what I think the story so far is and what 
the changes could be, but first of all, we had a terrific Valentine's Day. I know we don't break all that stuff out. It's too 
early to report, but I do want to tell you that Valentine's Day occurred and it's probably the best sell through we've had 
in years and years. I was extremely pleased with our Valentine's business. 


On the flipside of that coin, we've had the worst weather. We've had through the center of the country and then up the 
East Coast, seems like there's a storm a week, and so that has been sort of a drag on our business. Overall, it's three 
weeks in and we're – everything – we still – we just gave you our guidance, so we're – all of that's baked into that. But 
that has been more of what we've seen and it's really hard to see when those storms are sweeping through and dumping 
all that snow and closing stores and people are losing electricity and can't drive. It's really difficult to see what the core 
power of the business is in these past three weeks with all the disruptions from storms and then of course, the 
Valentine's holiday that we had. 

My feel is though that as the refund checks get out, that people will be out shopping. Those people that get them will be 
spending them as they have in the past. That's a good thing. My feeling is that as the economic environment throughout 
the year becomes more transparent and it will and there will be more visibility and I feel that things are going to 
improve over what they are now for the consumer that we'll see the impact of that. We prefer more people working, we 
prefer more certainty, less uncertainty and I'm hopeful that we can see that. 

And in the meantime, we are absolutely zeroed in on the customer that is under pressure from high gas prices, from the 
tax refunds being later and from the higher taxes. So if you're under pressure, by gosh, we want to have it. When you 
come to our store, we want to have the things you need. We want to have them in stock. We want to exceed your 
expectations with more value on the things that you need and we want you to have a fun shopping experience. That's 
where we are. 

<Q - Matthew R. Boss>: Great. Good luck. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Thank you. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We'll go to Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Stephen W. Grambling>: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just to change gears a little bit, 
maybe if you can talk to just your thoughts on the buyback and maybe the willingness or ability to take on leverage at 
all to even increase the buyback going forward? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Sure, I mean obviously as we look at our capital allocation every year and we put a lot of 
thought into it, and obviously, our first priority is to fund the business and its growth. And as we've always said the best 
use of any dollar is to build another Dollar Tree store which we're doing plenty of that. And as Bob said, we have a lot 
of room for growth out there. 

So that's going to continue, and as we spent more the last year or two on infrastructure from the standpoint of 
expanding our distribution network as well, so the [ph] the U-10 (43:40) up in Windsor, Connecticut, the total price on 
that is about $97 million on an overall basis, another $25 million for Marietta. So obviously we are continuing to fund 
the business through that manner. 

From a share repurchase standpoint, obviously it has been an important part of what we've done, and we do believe it's 
very important as a way to return – return to our shareholders and $340 million this past year, $645 million in 2011, 
and $414 million in 2010. So it obviously has been a big piece of it and we still have $860 million outstanding in the 
authorization. So that's one piece. Obviously, as we – we always look at acquisition. If there's something out there that 
makes sense, we're open to that. We haven't done anything since Canada, which we purchased in the fall of 2010, but 
obviously, we always keep that consideration out there. 

And, the board and the company looks – talks about dividends from time-to-time. We don't believe we're at a point 
where we want to do that. So as we look at share repurchase, we look it as a great way of returning value to our 
shareholders. I would tell you on an overall basis that one of the other things I look at is our overall return on invested 
capital. And if you look since 2008, our return on invested capital is 16%, and we've since grown it. So that the last two 
years it's approximated 30% and we feel very, very good about that. And I think if you would benchmark that against 


others within our sector, that you'd see it benchmarks very favorably at the end of the day. 

So we kind of look at it from an overall perspective on a return on invested capital as well. The question is would we 
leverage up to buy additional shares, historically, within the last few years, we've not done that. We've intended to 
spend our free cash flow. It doesn't mean that if the opportunity presented itself that we wouldn't. We obviously have a 
line of credit in place that we have a lot of availability on, so it wouldn't be hard to do. It's just not been in our nature at 
this point in time. As we said, we've boughten back over $1 billion in the last three years and that's without basically 
borrowing a dime to do it. So we feel good about it from that perspective. 

<Q - Stephen W. Grambling>: Great, thanks. Then one quick follow-up if I may and this one may be for Bob. You 
had referenced that you're still below your prior peak sales per square foot. I'm wondering is that a target that you think 
that you can reach longer term even with a bigger store. Is that kind of the appropriate way to think about it? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Yeah. We think about it as year-over-year growth, incrementally improving our productivity of our 
stores, our new stores, our existing stores. Those small stores years ago were 5,000 square feet and they pretty much 
peaked out in year one and the comps then became stubborn, if you remember that. The new larger stores when we 
started to open them, sales per square foot went down, but it gave us a longer runway by which we could serve more 
customers for a longer period of time without reinvesting in the store and expanding the store. So we've been building it 
back over the years. We continue to build it and yes, there's still plenty of opportunity to drive sales per square foot in 
all of our stores. 

<Q - Stephen W. Grambling>: Thanks again, best of luck. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go next to John Zolidis with Buckingham Research. 

<Q - John M. Zolidis>: Hi, good morning. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Good morning, John. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Good morning, John. 

<Q - John M. Zolidis>: A question, if we look back over the course of the year and Bob, I notice your tone today is 
considerably more upbeat than at the Analyst Day when there were some difficult months in there. What gives you the 
confidence given the volatility we saw last year that in 2013, we won't see similar volatility in comp trend? How do 
you feel about the business, the consumer? Maybe with more distance looking back, what happened in the October 
quarter and how do we as investors feel good that the trends can be more consistent as we go forward? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Yeah, John, just backing up and looking at the past year, it was a terrific year. Even at our investor 
conference, I was upbeat about the business, the longer term view of the business and if you look back at third quarter, 
I think we had record operating margin and higher inventory turns and we didn't like the comp – 1.6% comp. We 
always want more, but the P&L was just really spectacular, frankly. So we had every reason to be proud of third 
quarter. We came into – it was a big quarter to be up against. We came into fourth quarter, another big quarter. 

And at the investors' conference, if you remember last year, I was saying we've given you the information on how we 
looked at third quarter and oh, by the way, fourth quarter was going to be a big hurdle for us. And I didn't look at that 
as not being upbeat, I looked at it as just being transparent and reminding you of what we were facing and how we were 
going to go about it. So that's what we did and at the end of the day, I'm really proud of third quarter. I'm really proud 
of fourth quarter and the year. I always want more comps, always want higher operating margin. I especially want high 
returns. So those are the things that we're focused on. 


I think maybe what gives me confidence going forward, it is a tough calendar. We know that and we planned for it. 
Easter is early. Easter is not good for the top line growth typically, but we planned for that. It's a tough fourth quarter. 
It's six less days – selling days between Thanksgiving and Christmas. We've planned for that. We have exciting plans 
for third quarter of next year. Third quarter next year – this year – is 1.6% comp we're up against. So sort of the reverse 
of last year. So I see that as a great opportunity as we go – and we're making plans to make third quarter very good. But 
I have just great confidence in the model, our flexibility. We've been doing this at a dollar for 27 years. We feel pretty 
confident that we're good in all times. We've seen up times and down times and we've performed well. We've been able 
to offer more value to our customer over the 27 years, haven't raised our price. 

Our product is better than ever. Our value is better than ever. Our operating margin continues to rise, maybe 
counterintuitive. So 2013, we have great merchandise, we have great product, we have great plans in this tough year. 
And by the way, the consumer and their search for balancing their budgets, they're making less and spending more on 
everything else. At Dollar Tree, you can buy everything for a dollar. You can help balance your budget. By the way, 
you'll have a good time, buy a toy for your child, have a party at the school and everything's still a dollar. Great side 
about our business. 

<Q - John M. Zolidis>: Thanks a lot and good luck. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Due to time constraints, we only have time for a couple more questions. We'll go next to Scot Ciccarelli with RBC 
Capital Markets. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: Good morning, guys. Bob, can you talk about what you guys are seeing on merchandise 
margins? And then second question's going to be what are your expectations for the Canadian operation from a 
profitability standpoint for 2013? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Well, let me start with the second one first. The – Canada, we're really excited about. We're still in 
the investment mode. It was about a $0.02 to $0.03 pressure on this year's earnings. For next year, we have plans. We 
think that we're going to improve over that, but we still have some investments to be made. And I think for Canada, the 
opportunity we're seeing growth in the top line next year, we're excited about that. We're getting our stores re-branded 
and with the re-branding, re-mixed, re-merchandised and bringing to bear all of the [ph] information systems (52:04) 
that we put in, only a year ago, now we're just starting to see the numbers from that. So I think there's going to be a 
payback from that. 

So there could be still some pressure in 2013 on the bottom line for Canada, but less than this year and this year was 
only $0.02 to $0.03. We're invested on our future in Canada. As I said, we think we can open and run 1,000 stores 
there. In order to do that, we want to get it right in the beginning and that's what we're doing. 

The margin, overall, there's – I've said this before and I'll say it again, we're in control of our margin. We don't 
planogram items. There's nothing that we have to have. Our buyers, our merchants are encouraged to offer the highest 
value for $1 price point at a margin that we're willing to accept, and the one we're willing to accept is the one we plan. 
So we're just about always going to hit our margin on items, and on departments, and on categories and subcategories. 
If you look at any of the – most of the margin – gross margin changes, which we've been – we've managed through a 
pretty tight band over the years, but it's usually all about mix. And when the mix is more consumer products, it's a little 
pressure on the margin, and when the mix is more variety product, and I guess better times and you're selling more – a 
little more variety merchandise. 

Throughout the years though it's been managed within a very tight band and I know that we can continue to do that. We 
don't see – I don't see, there's always something that's going up, there's always something that's going down. But with 
our philosophy of not having to have anything, we're going to be able to manage through this year once more. You 
heard Kevin say our guidance includes pretty much the same kind of ocean freight rates as we experienced, so we're not 


expecting pressure there. It'd be nice to get a little improvement, but we're not expecting it. 

The merchandise margins are good, improving, flat to last year, maybe even up in some cases. We just had the trip, the 
January trip, which is one of the big trips of the year to Asia. I can tell you it was well-planned. Our merchants were 
knowledgeable and enthusiastic. It was the best trip that I've been on with our group of merchants. Using historical data 
they were armed with a financial plan for every category and a strategy to back that up. They had already shopped the 
market here. They knew what the winners were out across the country and what the losers were. And we went off and 
went to Asia with a real plan, worked with the vendors, got the best prices, and I got to tell you with the merchandise 
that's coming from that trip, first of all for our fourth quarter next year, our mark on is going to be on plan. From the 
import side, we've already done that. 

The merchandise is going to be really exciting. We have new home and textile products that are on trend. Our 
housewares categories are exceptional, especially our dinnerware is just striking really, what we're able to do, what our 
merchants are able to do for the $1 price point. They've updated our stationery assortment. They've updated our party 
assortment. Our toy department was completely overhauled. It just really was an exciting trip and frankly, it's the best 
trip I've been on since I've been with Dollar Tree. So I'm encouraged on the margin side. I'm encouraged on the value 
side for fourth quarter. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: Very helpful. Thanks guys. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And our final question will come from Peter Keith with Piper Jaffray. 

<Q - Peter J. Keith>: Hey. Good morning, everyone. And congratulations on the nice quarter. I was hoping if you can 
just give us some stats around your credit and debit card penetration and perhaps provide some commentary just on 
how the MasterCard acceptance to 75% of the stores has been received initially in the fourth quarter? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Sure, Peter. I'd be glad to do that. So in general between debit and credit, it's basically for 
the year, it was roughly about 38%-39% of sales. So it continues to increase a little bit. We've seen basically, in the 
fourth quarter, we did see strong growth in the credit card business. It was up about 180 basis points. So and again that 
we roll – as you said, we rolled MasterCard out to an additional 3,500 stores roughly, leading into the fourth quarter. So 
it was obviously well-received and anecdotally, we heard from a lot of stores where customers were very happy to see 
that we're now accepting it chain wide. So we do feel that has been successful. And so overall, the expectation as the 
industry continues to grow, we expect our shift to debit and credit to continue, although it's obviously not near what it 
was a few years ago as – when we had initially put it in place. 

<Q - Peter J. Keith>: Okay. That's all very good to hear. And I guess just a follow-up on that, the 180 basis points 
shift in credit would be pretty sizable from what you guys have had though in recent years and MasterCard's a pretty 
widely held card. So is that – as sort of awareness is building, are you seeing that credit shift actually accelerate as the 
months go by? And then kind of coupled with that, your ticket growth was one of the best you've had in, I guess, about 
a year. Is the ticket growth being impacted by that MasterCard acceptance as well? Thanks. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: I would say in general, the 180-basis point increase, as we look at it, I really believe as 
we've analyzed it to where it came from, part of that conversion is people, half of that conversion is people are paying 
cash previously that are now paying with a credit card. And the other half was somebody who changed from a card they 
were using maybe to MasterCard. So you might have seen some people leave debit and go to credit in some instances 
even. 

So I think in general from a ticket perspective, it's obviously beneficial to have our average ticket for a credit-debit 
transaction is significantly higher than a cash transaction. So it's not a bad thing to get that conversion. I think it's a 
small piece of the pie as far as the growth in ticket. I actually believe that a bigger piece of it always relates back to the 


merchandise in the stores and the store operators setting up great displays. And we've done work around the – around 
our front end, impulse items and things like that, which I think are important as we continue to go forward and as a big 
initiative for us on an overall basis. So I think that's probably more important to the overall ticket. 

<Q - Peter J. Keith>: Okay. Well, thanks for the feedback and good luck with the coming year. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Thank you. 

Operator 

At this time I'd like to turn the call back to Mr. Reid for any additional or closing comments. 

Timothy J. Reid 

Thank you, Mike, and thanks to all of you for your participation on the call today, particularly for your interest and 
most importantly for your investment in Dollar Tree. Our next scheduled conference call will be on May 23, 2013 
when we announce the results from our first quarter. Thank you again. 

Operator 

And again that does conclude the Dollar Tree, Inc. Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. We do appreciate your 
participation. Have a good day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


