Q1 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Timothy J. Reid 
• Bob Sasser 
• Kevin S. Wampler 
Other Participants 

• Adrianne Shapira 
• Dan Wewer 
• Meredith Adler 
• Joseph Parkhill 
• Scot Ciccarelli 
• Michael B. Exstein 
• Aram Rubinson 
• Joe Isaac Feldman 
• Daniel T. Binder 
• David M. Mann 
• Mike Baker 
• Anthony Chukumba 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day. Welcome to the Dollar Tree, Inc. First Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Conference. As a reminder, today's 
call is being recorded. 

At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Tim Reid, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, 
sir. 

Timothy J. Reid 

Thank you, Alicia. Good morning and welcome to the Dollar Tree conference call for the first quarter of fiscal 2011. 
Our call today will be led by Bob Sasser, our President and Chief Executive Officer, who will provide insights on our 
performance in the quarter and recent developments in our business. Kevin Wampler, our Chief Financial Officer, will 
provide a more detailed review of our first quarter financial performance and provide our guidance for the remainder of 
2011. 

Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that various remarks that we will make about future expectations, plans, 
and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for the purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions 
under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated 
by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors included in our most recent press release, 
most recent current report on Form 8-K, quarterly report on Form 10-Q, and the Annual Report on Form 10-K, all of 
which are on file with the SEC. We have no obligation to update our forward-looking statements, and you should not 


expect us to do so. 

In addition, as we have previously disclosed, in the first quarter last year, we recorded a non-recurring non-cash charge 
of $26.3 million or $0.13 per diluted share relating to a change in retail inventory accounting. Diluted earnings per 
share for the first quarter of last year were $0.49 including this charge. You are advised that all earnings or margin 
comparisons in today's remarks from this point forward will exclude the charge unless otherwise noted. 

At the end of our planned remarks, we will open the call to your questions, which we ask that you limit to one question 
and one follow-up question if necessary. 

And now I'd like to turn the call over to Bob Sasser, our CEO. Bob? 

Bob Sasser 

Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the earnings call and thanks for your interest in Dollar Tree. 

This morning, we announced our sales and earnings for the first quarter 2011. Comparable store sales increased 7.1% 
and I would add that that's on top of a 6.5% comp in the first quarter last year. And our total sales increased 14.3% to 
$1.55 billion. 

First quarter 2011 earnings per share were $0.82. This is an increase of 34.4% compared with first quarter 2010 
earnings per share of $0.61, excluding the charge to last year's earnings. 

Operating income increased by $32.8 million. And operating margin was 10.5%, an increase of 100 basis points 
compared with the 9.5% operating margin in the first quarter last year. And just to note here, even with the huge 
increase in diesel fuel costs, this is our best first quarter operating margin ever since we've been a public company. 
With that, net income increased 26.3% to $101 million. 

This was another strong quarter for Dollar Tree. It speaks to the power and flexibility of our model, our strategy, and 
the day-by-day execution of thousands of associates across the organization. Our stores, our merchants, and support 
teams are guided by a strategic vision that involves every element of the business. 

At Dollar Tree, everything revolves around the customer. That means developing high-value merchandise, seasonal 
excitement, and merchandise energy. It means operating great stores, stores that are full, fun, friendly, and convenient. 

Our customers continue to respond positively. They like our merchandise value and our fun and friendly shopping 
experience. We're gaining new customers all the time. Our traffic was up 5% in the first quarter. And when they're in 
the store, they like what they find. They're buying more. Our average transaction increased by 2% in the first quarter. 

First quarter sales were driven by increases in both basic and discretionary merchandise. The best performing 
categories were food, housewares and home, healthcare, and party supplies. Further, our seasonal business in the first 
quarter was terrific. As you might recall, last year we had a very strong sell-through on both Valentine's Day and Easter 
seasonal merchandise, and this year was even better. As expected, the later Easter provided about a $15 million lift to 
our sales. Additionally, we created a new event called Dollar Days that generated merchandise energy and additional 
sales between Valentine's Day and Easter. 

All of this was the result of coordinated efforts across the company. Our merchants delivered an exciting assortment of 
product with the best values ever, and our allocations team directed it to the right stores. Our store teams continue to 
consistently deliver on the promise of a clean, bright, and fun place to shop. Seasonal transitions were well executed. 
We're now set for Memorial Day, graduation, and summer fun. 

I have every reason to believe that we can continue to grow and improve on our performance. We have a very flexible 
merchandising model, which we use to our advantage. As we build our assortments, our requirements are two: first, to 
offer the greatest value to the customer for $1; and two, to do so at a cost that delivers our desired merchandise margin. 
We're not locked into any specific item at Dollar Tree, and that gives us the flexibility to move quickly from item to 


item. 

We are in control of our mix, and as a result, in control of our margin. I'm always asked about the outlook for prices 
going forward. I recently returned from the 2012 spring and Easter buying trip with the merchants. The trip was very 
successful, with higher initial markup, tremendous values, and an exciting merchandise selection for next spring. 

We've built a solid and scalable infrastructure at Dollar Tree, which we continue to upgrade to support our growth. The 
expansion of our distribution center in Savannah, Georgia is proceeding on schedule. The expansion will bring the 
Savannah facility from its current size of 600,000 square feet to 1 million square feet, and will support continued 
growth of our business in the Southeast. This project involves $19 million of capital investment using existing cash, 
and should be completed in the third quarter. Our logistics infrastructure provides efficient service to our stores today, 
room for expansion, and continuing asset leverage. 

As we look to build on our success, our goal is to find ways to provide more value to more customers. We intend to do 
that through opening new stores, operating better stores, developing new formats, entering new markets and new 
channels. 

During the first quarter this year, we opened 83 new stores, relocated and expanded another 41 stores, and grew total 
square footage 9% relative to this time last year. We ended the quarter with 4,177 stores. We're on track with our plan 
for the full year 2011, which includes 300 new stores and 75 relocations/expansions, for a total of 375 projects. 

Along with opening new stores, we're focused on operating more productive stores. Our efforts have been concentrated 
on improved site selection, on right-sizing our stores, and opening new stores earlier in the year. Average new store 
productivity has increased in each of the past five years. And while it is still early, I'm pleased with the productivity of 
this year's new store class. New store sales are ahead of plan. 

Our expansion of frozen and refrigerated product continues. We installed freezers and coolers in 122 stores in the first 
quarter, and now offer frozen and refrigerated product in 1,962 stores. We are now planning a total of 325 installations 
for the full year. And you will note that we have increased our original plan by 100 stores. This product serves the 
current needs of our customers, drives traffic into our stores, and provides incremental sales across all categories, 
including our higher margin discretionary product. In addition to expanding the availability of frozen and refrigerated 
product to more stores, we continue to refine our frozen/refrigerated assortments to provide more value and more 
excitement. 

Turning to new formats, Deal$, our multi-price format, continues to gain traction, extending our ability to serve more 
customers and increasing our growth potential. We're offering more variety in our Deal$ stores, more brands, more 
overall value, and customers are responding favorably. In first quarter, traffic, ticket and average unit retail continued 
to increase. We currently operate 174 Deal$ stores. We opened 10 new Deal$ stores in the first quarter, and we're on 
schedule to open 35 new Deal$ stores for the full year 2011. 

Our expansion into Canada is proceeding on schedule. During the fourth quarter 2010, we acquired 86 Dollar Giant 
stores in Canada. This year we intend to expand the store count by about 20% while establishing an infrastructure of 
store teams, systems, and logistics to support more aggressive growth. In the first quarter, we opened two new stores 
and relocated one store. We established an agreement with our third-party logistics partner, and are now supplying 
product to our stores through distribution centers in Delta, British Columbia, and Mississauga, Ontario. 

The merchandise team has been integrated to leverage Dollar Tree's buying power, particularly on imports. Customers 
will see broader, more exciting assortments and better values beginning in the second half of the year. 

The implementation of in-store and merchandising systems is proceeding on schedule and will be operational during 
the third quarter, in time for our holiday season. Store teams are already receiving training on these systems, learning 
the systems and the Dollar Tree processes. 

Over the long term, we believe the Canadian market can support up to 1,000 Dollar Tree stores. This is in addition to 
the 7,000 store potential for Dollar Tree in the United States plus additional growth in our Deal$ format. 


Dollar Tree Direct, our e-commerce business, is providing an opportunity to reach new customers through an additional 
channel of distribution. Customers are expressing their approval of Dollar Tree Direct in many ways. The site has 
consistently earned ratings of 4.5 stars out of a possible 5 stars in consumer ratings and reviews, putting us in the top 
tier of retailers for overall customer satisfaction for products offered both in-store and online. 

Dollar Tree Direct continues to gain new customers. Traffic on the website increased 34% compared with the first 
quarter last year. We now offer more than 2,000 items online, including many great seasonal items. For example, our 
Spring Fling category is providing an opportunity to showcase events such as luau, spring toys, spring flowers, and 
gardening supplies. We have a huge potential to serve more customers, expand the brand, and increase sales and profits 
through Dollar Tree Direct, and I'm pleased with our progress here. 

Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Kevin, who will give you more detail on our financial metrics and provide 
guidance. Kevin? 

Kevin S. Wampler 

Thanks, Bob. 

As Bob mentioned, our diluted earnings per share increased 34.4% in the first quarter to $0.82. The increase resulted 
from our strong sales along with expense controls, which resulted in a 100 basis point improvement in operating profit 
margin compared to the first quarter last year. 

Our gross profit margin was 35% during the first quarter compared with 35.2% in the first quarter last year, excluding 
the charge related to the change in inventory accounting. Several factors contributed to this performance. Freight costs 
were significantly higher than last year, reflecting higher rates for ocean freight and diesel prices that were more than 
$0.90 per gallon above the same period last year. The freight increase was offset by improvements in IMU, reflecting 
continued improvements in sourcing. 

Also, our product mix continues to shift, which creates some additional pressure on margin. Basic consumable products 
increased by about 100 basis points as a percentage of our mix in the first quarter. 

Buying, distribution, and occupancy costs improved by 15 basis points, driven by the positive sales leverage in the 
U.S., which more than offset higher operating expense relative to sales in our Canadian stores. 

SG&A expenses were 24.5% of sales for the quarter, a 120 basis point improvement from the first quarter last year. 
This was driven primarily by a 75 basis point reduction in payroll expenses and insurance benefits, a 35 basis points 
reduction in depreciation, and a 15 basis point reduction in store operating expense due to leveraging of the comp store 
sales increase. 

Other operating expenses increased by about 10 basis points, driven primarily by increases in debit and credit card fees, 
which reflect the continuing increases in penetration of these forms of tender. We accept debit cards, Visa credit, 
Discover credit, and EBT in all of our stores. We also accept SNAP or food stamps in 3,656 stores, or about 88% of the 
chain. In the first quarter compared to the first quarter last year, debit card penetration increased 120 basis points, and 
credit card penetration increased 130 basis points. And SNAP penetration, although small, continues to grow. 

Operating income increased $32.8 million compared to the first quarter last year. And operating margin was 10.5%, an 
increase of 100 basis points compared to the 9.5% operating margin in the first quarter last year. Dollar Tree's operating 
margin remains among the highest in the value retail sector. 

The tax rate for the quarter was 37.5%, slightly lower than the 37.7% tax rate in the first quarter of last year. 

Looking at the balance sheet and the statement of cash flow, cash and investments at quarter end totaled $510.3 million 
versus $390.1 million at the end of the fiscal first quarter of 2010. Cash and investments net of debt was $243.8 million 
at the end of the first quarter. 


During the first quarter, we repurchased 1.7 million shares of Dollar Tree stock for $88.6 million. At the end of the first 
quarter, the diluted weighted average shares outstanding was 123.5 million. At quarter end, we had $257.4 million 
remaining in our share repurchase authorization. 

Our consolidated inventory at quarter end was 9% greater than at the same time last year, which was consistent with 
total selling square footage growth. Our U.S. inventory increased 5.6% as of the end of the quarter, while selling square 
footage in the U.S. increased 6.8%. Inventory per selling square foot in the U.S. decreased 1.2% year over year. The 
inventory levels reflect our strong sales in the first quarter and are sufficient to support our ongoing sales. Inventory 
turns have been increasing for the past six years, and we expect this trend to continue for the full year 2011. 

Capital expenditures were $58.4 million in the first quarter of 2011 versus $45.1 million in the first quarter last year. 
For the full year, we are planning capital expenditures to be in the range of $220 million to $230 million, an increase of 
$5 million from our original guidance. Capital expenditures will be focused on new stores or remodels, the addition of 
frozen and refrigerated capability to 325 stores, IT system enhancements, and approximately $19 million for expansion 
of our distribution center in Savannah, Georgia. 

Depreciation and amortization declined 35 basis points in the first quarter and totaled $39.3 million, which was similar 
to the first quarter last year. We expect depreciation expense of $165 million to $170 million for the year, and that 
depreciation expense as a percent of sales will continue to decline in 2011. 

Our guidance for 2011 includes the following assumptions. First, we expect that diesel prices will be significantly 
higher throughout fiscal 2011 than they were last year and higher than our original expectation. Second, regarding 
ocean freight, we are pleased with the overall results of our May 1st contract negotiations. The new rates are 
incorporated in our guidance. Third, our guidance also assumes a tax rate of 37.7% for the second quarter and 37.7% 
for the full year. Weighted average diluted share counts are assumed to be 123.1 million shares for the second quarter 
and 123.3 million shares for the full year. While we still see share repurchase as a good use of cash, our guidance 
assumes no additional share repurchase. 

With this in mind, for the second quarter of 2011, we are forecasting sales in the range of $1.51 billion to $1.55 billion, 
based on low to mid-single-digit comparable store sales increase and 9% square footage growth. Diluted earnings per 
share are expected to be in the range of $0.68 to $0.75, an increase of 11.5% to 23% over second quarter 2010 earnings 
per share of $0.61. 

For the full fiscal year 2011, we are raising our guidance. We are now forecasting sales in the range of $6.5 billion to 
$6.63 billion based on a range of low to mid-single-digit increase in comparable store sales and 7% square footage 
growth. 

Diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $3.69 to $3.85, representing an increase of between 14.2% 
and 19.2% over our record EPS of $3.23 in fiscal 2010, excluding the non-cash charge in the first quarter of last year. 

With that, I'll turn the call back over to Bob. 

Bob Sasser 

Thanks, Kevin. We indeed had a great first quarter. We're all very proud of the numbers. And I in particular am very 
proud of all the people, the thousands of people that worked very hard to deliver those numbers. We're off to a great 
start in 2011. We're on track to accomplish our goals. 

To summarize, first quarter sales grew 14.3%. Comp store sales increased 7.1% on top of a 6.5% comp last year. Our 
traffic was up 5% and average ticket increased 2%. And earnings per share increased by 34.4%. 

As I look to the future, I see even more opportunity. We have a strong and flexible business model that can adapt to a 
changing environment. With our balanced mix of high value consumer basics and a unique assortment of fun, 
compelling, seasonally correct discretionary products, Dollar Tree is positioned to be relevant to customers in all 
economic circumstances. 


Our stores are strategically located to serve Middle America. They're bright, convenient, and fun to shop. We have a 
solid and scalable infrastructure that we are leveraging for better inventory management, increasingly efficient supply 
chain logistics, more productive stores, and crisper execution overall. 

We have plenty of opportunities to grow our business, a vision of where we want to go, and the infrastructure and 
capital to make it happen while generating substantial free cash. And we use our capital for the long-term benefit of 
shareholders, including the investment of $89 million for share repurchases in the first quarter this year. 

The company has a series of initiatives in place to drive the business to higher levels in 2011 and beyond. We're 
focused on expanding our store base, improving store productivity, developing new retail formats, expanding into new 
markets, and adding new channels of distribution. Dollar Tree's values have never been better, and our future has never 
been brighter. 

We are now ready for your questions. So that we can accommodate as many callers as time permits, we ask that you 
limit your questions to two. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Adrianne Shapira from Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Adrianne Shapira>: Thank you. Congratulations on the quarter. Bob, I was just wondering if maybe you could 
help us think about the margins. Obviously, we saw a bit of the gross margin down 25 basis points, but I'm just 
wondering. It sounds as if you're pleased with the ocean freight negotiations. And as we get closer to lapping the 
Canadian acquisition in the fourth quarter, maybe help us think about when we could start to see margins perhaps start 
to re-expand. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Well, I can give you some color on the margins, Adrianne. We just talked about the pressure on the 
margin. The main pressure was from diesel fuel, number one; number two, the effect impact of our ocean freight 
contracts, which we have now renewed as of May 1st, but we were still under the old contracts in first quarter. So those 
were two of the main pressures. Canada was a little bit of a pressure on gross margin. 

On the tailwind side, though, our initial markup was improved, so our merchandise margin was higher, which offset 
much of that change. And the other headwind that you see was the mix. We continue to see more customers. As you 
can see, our traffic was up. Our average ticket was up 2%. Our traffic was up 5%. We're getting more customers more 
frequently. And because of the economy and driven by the flight to value, we're selling more of the consumer product. 
That's faster turning and it serves our customer. We're going to continue to deliver that to our customers. That is 
growing a little faster than the overall business, although our variety mix was also up. 

As far as the outlook going forward, gosh, it really depends on what the diesel prices do. I don't know any more than 
you. We have guided – in our guidance, we have contemplated the diesel prices to continue to be high throughout this 
year. If we could get a little break there, that would be a big help in seeing the margins – gross margins turn around a 
little bit. 

<Q - Adrianne Shapira>: Great. And then just to follow up, it sounds as if you're obviously continuing to be very 
encouraged with the performance of the freezer/cooler rollout. It sounds as if we're looking for an acceleration. Maybe 
remind us the kind of comp lift you see and what you've been learning and what, again, gives you the confidence to 
accelerate that rollout. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Well, it serves our customers and it thrills our customers, and we see a 5% to 10% comp lift in the 
stores when we put the freezers and coolers in. And then that's just the first year, and then they continue to comp higher 
than the chain for years after that. It's sort of the gift that keeps on giving. So we've added another 100. We had guided 
225 new freezer stores in the beginning of the year. Now we're saying it's at least 325. And we're doing it for that 


reason. It's more traffic in the stores. It provides better comp across all categories, and our customers like it. 

<Q - Adrianne Shapira>: Great. Best of luck. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Dan Wewer from Raymond James. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: Hey, good morning, Bob. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Good morning, Dan. How are you? 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: Good. How are you doing? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Great. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: To follow up on your comments about ocean freight, it sounds as if it may have peaked during this 
cycle for you, if you could just confirm that. And perhaps give us some sense as to the gross margin benefit this new 
contract could give you during the next year. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Dan, I'm going to turn it over to Kevin, but I will tell you that in a nutshell, we were happy with our 
ocean freight negotiations. And once the contracts began May 1st, and you'll start seeing some of the improvement and 
impact for that as we go into more towards the end of second quarter and especially in third and fourth quarter. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: Okay. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Yes, as we look at it, obviously, I think people are aware that there was some capacity 
issues last summer. That has alleviated. We've seen capacity become not the issue that it was. Obviously, as everybody 
was aware, we were up to renew these as of May, the beginning of May. We really don't see any true benefit really 
until Q3 and Q4, as the way the freight works through our system, as it's capitalized into the inventory. So you see 
more of it, much more of it in Q3 and Q4. 

Now that being said, we've seen some relief, but it's not like it was – we didn't go back to 2008 rates when things were 
probably as good as they've been, so some relief. And so directionally we see some relief, but if diesel fuel stays at $4 a 
gallon, it's not going to come close to offsetting that is what I want people to realize. So that's the headwind that we 
face at the moment. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: Okay, then as just a follow-up question, focusing on SG&A. You called out that labor – payroll 
costs dropped 75 bps, and that is surprising. You think about Dollar Tree by definition has no inflation. The number of 
items you're selling per store increased 7%. You're having to wait on 5% more customers than a year ago. Your number 
of cartons you're unpacking per store are up, I guess, about 7% from a year ago. How is the company able to chisel the 
payroll cost down when you have so much more volume going through the stores? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Well, as we look at it, Dan, obviously a 7.1% comp helps. That always helps us bring some 
leverage. But at the same time, the metrics you gave us there are accurate. We are handling more goods. We're 
obviously working towards efficiencies. We've talked to that the last year or two in the sense of working to smooth our 
flow of goods through our systems from the time we start to buy to the time it comes through the DC to the time it 
reaches the store and then gets to the floor. There's been a lot of work around that, a lot of work around productivity 
and standards. And the store operational teams deserve a lot of credit for taking those programs and bringing them to 
bear. So I think that's been big. 

The other area was payroll and insurance benefits. We also saw some benefit at this point in our health insurance costs 
this quarter. Anecdotally, there's been some news out there that says because of gas prices and people are going less for 
treatment just because they don't want to spend the money as well as the gas money as well as the additional dollars for 


the co-pays and things like that. We'll see if that continues. That's a help this quarter. That's obviously not necessarily 
expected to continue on a go-forward basis. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Meredith Adler from Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Meredith Adler>: Thanks. Actually first just very quickly, I want to clarify something that you said, Bob, about 
just having come back from your spring buying trip. When you were talking about spring merchandise, that's spring of 
2013 you're talking about, right? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: No, next year, 2012. 

<Q - Meredith Adler>: '12, okay. Okay, thank you. And then I just wanted to ask you a question a little bit about – 
you didn't talk much about Deal$. And I understand that the best return at this point is still opening another Dollar Tree 
store. But it seems to me that the Deal$ by going into some denser, more urban areas, is going to be competing more 
with some of the efforts that Dollar General and Family Dollar have in urban areas. And I'm just wondering whether 
that makes you feel like there's a limited amount of real estate and you should accelerate that rollout so that you 
actually get a foot into the door in those areas. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Well, Meredith, we have been entering some of those high cost urban markets with our Deal$ 
stores. The Deal$ model is, we think, a higher – ultimately higher volume model. We think that we can enter some of 
these higher cost areas better with a multi-price format and serve the customers better in those areas with the Deal$ 
stores than with the Dollar Tree stores. We can sell more categories. There's more things that we can offer. For 
example, in our Brooklyn and Bronx stores, we're starting to sell a lot of fans. And in the winter time, we sold heaters 
and we sold Christmas trees and we sell blankets and we sell those types of things that you need that we can't sell at a 
Dollar Tree store. You're not going to find fans for $1. 

So by developing this Deal$ model as an urban strategy in particular, not solely an urban strategy but mostly, we think 
we can provide better values to the customer. We can serve them better. We think we can drive higher volumes and 
higher productivity per foot. We think we can leverage fixed costs better with the Deal$ model in these higher, tougher 
to operate markets, and that's the strategy that we're pursuing there. 

We're getting a lot of traction on the Deal$, and I'm very excited about where we are. We had a good first quarter. Our 
average ticket was up. Our traffic was up. Our average unit retail was up in Deal$. The customers are accepting the 
over $1 product with great gusto. Our baskets are larger when the over a $1 product is in the basket. So we're very 
pleased with what we're doing. Our Dollar Tree model is the envy of all, not just the envy of Deal$. It outperforms, on 
a return basis, pretty much everything out there. So we're continuing to grow that model. We're continuing to improve 
that model. And it is the best use, number one, of dollar invested. In addition to that, though, we see the Deal$ model as 
something that can help us as we grow into the future, especially in some of these high cost markets. 

<Q - Meredith Adler>: So I guess what I'm still not clear about is this, given there is more competition and this format 
is doing so well, do you allocate more capital to expanding Deal$ to make sure that you don't miss out on the growth 
potential? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Well, we're going to open 35 Deal$ stores this year. That's about 20% in addition to the Dollar Tree 
stores that we're opening. And right now, we think that's the right amount. We are looking for good real estate. We're 
just not out there taking real estate. So there is an economic model that we look for. There's a location, a street corner 
that we're looking for. And we're being somewhat – we're looking for the best place to be with our Deal$ model. 
Growing both is, I think, what – the way I look at taking market share and expanding the brand and the combination of 
Deal$ and Dollar Tree that we're excited about. 

<Q - Meredith Adler>: Great. Thank you very much. 


<A - Bob Sasser>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We will go next to Joseph Parkhill from Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Joseph Parkhill>: Hi, congratulations on a good quarter. I was, first of all, just wondering if you could quantify 
the negative impact on Canada on your gross margins this quarter. And also if this will continue at a similar headwind 
for the rest of the year, should that improve as the year goes on? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Yeah, Joe, as we look at it, the main headwind related to Canada was really in the 
occupancy costs. And I think we've had some discussions around the fact that the real estate costs in Canada are 
significantly different than they are here in the United States. So it's a bigger part of the overall cost structure. And so 
that's – while directionally it was a little bit of a hit, it wasn't huge, but that's probably the area where we see the 
pressure at. I think if we look at it from an SG&A perspective, we don't really see the pressure. And maybe a little bit 
on margin at this point, but the biggest pressure point is the occupancy. 

<Q - Joseph Parkhill>: Right, so normally when you comp in a 6% to 7%, you get, say, 40 basis points of occupancy. 
And buying and occupancy leverage in this quarter, you got 15%, right? So is that whole delta Canada, or is there 
something else there? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Your 40 basis points may be a little high, so it would be a little less than that delta that you 
just described there. 

<Q - Joseph Parkhill>: Okay, and then also just a bigger picture question. Aside from Deal$, some of the research that 
we've done has seen that you're opening more new stores in more densely populated areas. Again, that's Dollar Trees, 
not Deal$. So I'm just wondering if this is part of your strategy on a go-forward basis, if the weaker real estate markets 
allowed you to do that, and do you think those opportunities will continue over the next several years? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Well, yes, I think so, Joe. We are getting better real estate and more highly populated markets than 
we're seeing, more better real estate than we saw several years ago, and lower costs on some of this better real estate. 
So we're taking advantage of it and we'll continue to take advantage of it, and that's going to be a big piece of our 
strategy going forward. 

<Q - Joseph Parkhill>: All right, great. Thank you. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: Hey, guys. How are you? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Hey, good. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: I guess my first question is, any chance you can give us a little bit more – I know we've touched 
on the margin subject and the diesel subject, but any chance you can give us a little more color on the size of the impact 
either in the fourth quarter or the balance of the year? You said you've raised your own forecast for what diesel is going 
to cost this year. I'm just trying to get an idea how much of a hit that might be, incremental to what you've already 
thought about. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: I think, directionally, Scot, the way to think about it and the way we've always talked about 
it is if diesel remains $1 higher a gallon year over year for a full year, it's probably a $0.07 headwind to us roughly for a 


full year. And we obviously weren't projecting when we gave guidance coming into Q1 that diesel fuel was going to be 
at $4 a gallon. So it's all in the guidance now. It's very impactful. 

The good thing is, as we talked about, we have been able to do some things with our sourcing, and we feel good about 
that and are able to offset that. So I think it's more the same. We can't predict it. We do some hedging, but it's not our 
full use. So it's one of those things that we bounce along with the market a little bit as we watch it, and hopefully we 
can see some relief there as we go forward. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: All right, that's helpful. And then obviously this was another very good quarter, good traffic, 
ticket. You raised guidance despite, let's call it a still sluggish economy, rising gas prices. Have you seen any change, 
whether it's what people are buying or any kind of change in the consumer purchasing patterns in your stores? Or is it 
just still more of the same of what we've seen over the last let's call it two years? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: It's probably a continuation of two years, but a lot like last year. I mentioned in earlier comments 
that our consumer product is growing faster than our GM. So if you looked at the 7% comp, the consumer products 
grew almost 10% and the GM grew almost 5%, and that's how you kind of get to the 7%. It's growing overall, but we 
are seeing a flight to value. We are seeing new customers, as is evidenced by our increase in traffic. 

Even with the higher fuel prices, our traffic is growing. And if you look back at the last time that happened in 2008, it 
was the same phenomenon. Back in 2008 when gas prices hit all-time highs at that time, our comp sales were driven 
entirely by traffic. And we attributed that to more customers and new customers visiting our store. Now we have a little 
bit of a combination, so not only are we getting new customers, we're getting more repeat business because of the 
consumer products that we have. And while they're in the store, they're buying more of the variety merchandise, and 
that's helping us raise our average ticket. 

So I don't know if you call it a new phenomenon. It's a continuation of the downturn in the economy. It's a result of 
higher gas prices taking probably $20 a week out of the average consumer's pocket. They're looking for value. We have 
value. They're looking for convenience. We're certainly convenient. So we're the beneficiary to a large degree of that 
increased traffic. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: Very helpful, thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Michael Exstein from Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Michael B. Exstein>: Let me add my congratulations, a wonderful, incredible run of your business. Can you sort 
of talk strategically about when you think or how you think of your operating margin? Is there a point at which you 
wouldn't let it grow any further for competitive reasons? Is there any limit to what you think your operating margin can 
do? Can you just talk about conceptually that? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Mike, I guess there's limits, but we think there's plenty of room to improve our operating margin. 
Last year was the highest that it's been in many, many years, and it's continuing to grow. So we think there's more room 
to improve our cost structure, to get more efficient in our stores, to get more efficient in our supply chain, to take costs 
out of the business. We think there's opportunities to sell the mix of product and increase our gross margin. So I guess 
there's ultimately a limit, but we're not near it right now. We think we can continue to grow for years to come. 

<Q - Michael B. Exstein>: That's great to hear. Thank you so much. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Aram Rubinson from Nomura Securities. 


<Q - Aram Rubinson>: Thanks. I appreciate that you guys don't want to build future buybacks into your guidance, but 
I'm hoping you can help us just philosophically on that. Last year, you bought back stock with all of your free cash 
flow and then some. Absent any acquisitions, just curious what would prevent you from using all your free cash flow in 
a year like this to buy back stock. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Well, as we look at our capital structure, obviously, as we've always said, one of the things 
that's very good about is it's very flexible. We have a lot of things we can do. We were able to make an acquisition, a 
strategic acquisition last year and entered the Canadian marketplace, which we think is going to be a really big 
opportunity for us as we go forward. Obviously, we did buy back about $415 million of stock as well. 

And as I've said before, we always go down the list of the other things we could do. We could pay back the minimal 
debt we have, but it doesn't seem to make a lot of sense the way it's currently priced. The management and the board 
talks about a dividend every meeting basically. We've determined we're really a growth company and not really ready 
to go there at this point in time. So we still view share repurchase as a great use of our cash to return value to our 
shareholders, and it's something we continue to look at. And could we use free cash flow again this year? We can to 
buy back shares, and we'll continue to look at it. And as we said, we will report on it each quarter and let you know 
how we're progressing. 

<Q - Aram Rubinson>: Okay, thanks for that response. Good luck, guys. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Thanks. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Joe Feldman from Telsey Advisory Group. 

<Q - Joe Isaac Feldman>: Hey, guys. Good morning. I wanted to ask about – to go back to that IMUs for next spring. 
You just kind of threw it out that it would be a little higher. We're just curious if you could give a little more color 
behind that. What would drive it? Is it because of the mix of what you're buying, or is it you're actually building up 
more buying power or using fewer vendors or something? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Joe, what I was speaking to was next season, next Easter, next spring, next Valentine's. And the trip 
we just finished – I'm always asked about rising prices and I'm always asked about inflation. And I know you guys hear 
a lot from other retailers about cost increases and the like. But in our business, with our mix of product, first of all, 
we're not in the apparel business. So the pressures on cotton and those things, the raw materials that you've heard aren't 
as intense on us. We don't face as much of that. 

But we are growing. We're a larger company. We have a flexible model. We don't have to have anything. So when our 
buyers go to market, they're empowered to make the best decision to offer the most value for the dollar to our 
customers at a price that we're willing to pay. So that may mean buying from the same vendor as last time. It may be 
not even buying that item and buying a different item or a new item and remixing the product, or it may be changing 
vendors on a particular item. So we use all of the tools that are at our disposal. 

And at the end of the day, though, we always – we go with a plan, and we always come back with having achieved the 
plan. Again, we have a flexible model. We don't set any expectation to our customers that we'll have anything year over 
year. As a matter of fact, we have a strategy and we try to change about 50% of our product year over year because we 
like that ever-changing mix of high value product and the idea of changing. And what can you find at Dollar Tree today 
is a big idea. Our customers like that ever-changing mix. That's how we're able to manage through tough times. 

And by the way, when things improve, when costs are going the other way, we tend to give back more value to the 
customer and not take it into our margin. So when costs are going down, we put more value in our product. When costs 
are going up, we may change our product and reduce a size here and there. I will tell you on this buying trip that I 
returned from, though, it wasn't really changing the product to a smaller or less value. It was actually more value. And 
because of our buying power and because of our strategy, we've put together – our buyers did a terrific job as they 


always do in putting together a mix of product that not only delivered the value to the customer, but also delivered the 
margin to the company. 

<Q - Joe Isaac Feldman>: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks for that answer. And I guess another sort of separate question. 
Have you guys – I know the penetration for the credit card is up and the debit card. And obviously, you rolled out the 
POS to handle that, but we're wondering, is that saying anything about the consumer, maybe a shift away from having 
cash on hand, or especially on the credit side? And then also, are you seeing anything different on the paycheck cycle? 
Is that more pronounced, less pronounced, or any other comments on that? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: With regard to the credit and debit cards, one of the reasons credit cards increased as much 
as they did is we did put American Express cards as a tender type that we now accept in our stores last fall, so that's 
part of that increase at the end of the day. So that maybe skews that a little bit from a comparison standpoint. 

But I think just in general, I think the general public is shifting away from cash. It's becoming very common to pay by 
card. And obviously, that's changed over – as you look at the fact that many of your QSR locations are now accepting 
cards and things like that, so it's just become common in public use. So I think that's just part of the normal course of 
action there. 

As far as paycheck cycles, I think, obviously, we see a pickup at the beginning of the month, like most retailers 
probably do, that are into – have good basic consumable product selection. I think the only thing that may be changing 
is some of it is becoming, in some states, maybe a little bit more spread out evenly through the month as opposed to 
everything being delivered to that person at the beginning of the month. So that may be the only thing that's maybe a 
little different. 

<Q - Joe Isaac Feldman>: That's helpful. All right. Thanks very much, guys, good luck with this quarter. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Dan Binder from Jefferies. 

<Q - Daniel T. Binder>: Hi, good morning. I was curious if you could just give us an update on how the ROI for the 
Deal$ stores is progressing relative to your overall company. How is that gap closing, if it is closing? And then 
secondly, whether you have any new events for the second quarter from a promotional standpoint that would be new 
versus last year? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Dan, we don't break out the Deal$ numbers, but I will tell you that the Deal$ sales are gaining 
momentum. The customer acceptance is strong, and we have great expectations for that productivity of those Deal$ 
stores to continue to improve. 

As far as the second half, we don't have any additional promotional vehicles. We've changed some things around 
because of timing of calendar and the like. But there's really nothing – no new major promotions going into our second 
half. 

<Q - Daniel T. Binder>: Thanks. 

Operator 

We'll go next to David Mann from Johnson Rice. 

<Q - David M. Mann>: Hi. Yes, thank you. Looking at your second quarter comp guidance, if we look at the 
midpoint, that's a little bit slower on a one, two, and three-year stack. I'm just curious if you could comment on that and 
any elaboration on how May has gone thus far and how that is input into your guidance. 


<A - Bob Sasser>: We started off the quarter – the second quarter really doesn't have a big holiday in it that you can 
point to. You have Mother's Day and graduation and Father's Day. And of course, Father's Day doesn't really count in 
most years, but there's really not a big seasonal event in second quarter. We're only about three weeks into the quarter. I 
will tell you that there's nothing so far that gives me pause or cause for concern with our guidance going forward. 

Look, we're developing guidance as best we can in somewhat uncertain times. We look at how we've been doing and 
the momentum that we have, and we're inspired by that. And then we look out into the future and we look at the things 
that we know, the things that we control. We feel very confident about being able to manage our merchandise margins. 
We feel very confident in being able to manage our costs, especially the big SG&A costs with people and payroll and 
those kinds of things, and we've put that into our forecast. 

And then there are the things that we don't know that cause the uncertainty. And the biggest thing that causes 
uncertainty in our go-forward for the rest of the year – and by the way, we had the same uncertainty when we gave first 
quarter guidance, if you'll remember, and it was the cost of diesel fuel and the impact of higher oil prices overall. So we 
take what we know and the momentum that we have, and then we look at some of the tailwinds we might feel from 
that, and then we look at the headwinds. And gosh, I just don't know what to say about diesel fuel. We're planning it to 
be high for the rest of the year. And so given that, if there's a change, then we'll benefit from it and we'll manage 
accordingly. 

<Q - David M. Mann>: If you could clarify in terms of the higher gas prices and how that affected your consumer; as 
the prices were going up during the quarter, what was the impact on your traffic trend? Did you see anything 
discernible there? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Not really, David. Our business was consistent throughout the quarter. I will tell you that late Easter 
in first quarter was a real big – as we said last conference call, a late Easter. We really like late Easters. We anticipated 
a $15 million lift from the later Easter, and we got it. We also anticipated a lift on other products in our stores because 
with Easter being late and the traffic and the people shopping longer, that lifts all the other businesses as well. And we 
saw that improvement, too. So the sales were pretty solid throughout the quarter. Our best region of the country was the 
Southeast. Our slowest region, but not by much, was basically the Northeast. But all in all, it was pretty close. Even if 
you look at geography, it was plus or minus a bip here and there. So it was very consistent across the geography. It was 
very consistent throughout the quarter by month. 

And one other comment, you asked about gasoline, and this is something that we have done some quite a bit of looking 
back. And I mentioned earlier that the last time we saw this rapidly rising oil prices and fuel prices and gasoline prices 
and the pressure that puts on the consumer was 2008. And when you look at 2008, what we saw was increased traffic. 
And all of our sales comps were due to increased traffic in 2008. That was, I think, the flight to value that we speak to. 
I think we were getting a lot of new customers. I think a lot of those new customers have stayed with us since that time. 
And what we're seeing now is an increase in traffic and also an increase in our average ticket in the first quarter. So 
we're excited about our ability as we roll into second quarter. But as far as putting together guidance for that, I think we 
should consider the fact that there are some uncertainties out there. 

Operator 

We have time for a couple more questions. We'll go next to Mike Baker from Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Mike Baker>: Thanks, guys. I think on my math, at least as I try to look at your margin guidance using the high 
and low points of your sales and earnings, I back into up 15 basis points on the operating margin as the guidance for the 
year, which is about flat for the next three quarters. If that's even close to right, then I guess my question is, do we think 
about that as being gross margins maybe down a little bit because of the diesel and some leverage on the SG&A on a 
solid comp and then some of the expense savings that you talked about? Is that the right way to think about your 
margin expectations for the next three quarters? 


<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Well, I think as we look at it, Michael, from the standpoint of – obviously, we've talked a 
lot this morning about diesel costs, and that's where it is going to create pressure, there's the thing. As we see it today, 
as the world stands today, it is going to create pressure, obviously more than we initially thought, so that's the pressure 
point. And as we've always said, we do believe we can control the things within our control. So a lot of the SG&A 
items are within our control. We think we can affect those and we'll address them accordingly. 

And one of the things we've always talked about before, you might have heard Bob say it before, you've got to operate 
with a little stick and a little rudder, and that's really where we're at. Right now, we know where the pressure point is. 
We know we've got to react accordingly in other areas of our business to offset that. And that's really what the 
management team and all the associates are working hard at right now. 

So yes, I think realistically, directionally, you're right; that there's going to be a little pressure on gross margin and we 
hope to be able to offset that and maybe a little more with our SG&A. 

<Q - Mike Baker>: Okay. And then as a follow-up to that and also following up on Dan Wewer's question earlier, the 
way I look at SG&A is SG&A per foot, and it's been about flat the last two or three quarters or so. I guess, again, 
following up on Dan's questions, how can you take that down any further? Is it an elimination of hours, or is it 
non-store operating costs? What are the big drivers there? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: It's a little bit in a lot of areas realistically. I don't know if there's any one big area. But as I 
said, I think the key to it because it touches so many points in our business is how we flow our goods through our 
company. And because it starts with the buying, the allocation after it gets to the distribution center and then flows to 
the store, it has so many touch points where we can streamline that process. It makes a big difference, and it frees up 
resources to redeploy for helping customers or other items that we think need to be addressed. So I think that's probably 
the biggest thing we can do is continue to work on improving that. And it's been a big focus in the past and will 
continue to be a big focus as we go forward. 

<Q - Mike Baker>: Okay, thank you. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Anthony Chukumba from BB&T Capital Markets. 

<Q - Anthony Chukumba>: Yes, I just had a question on your coolers. You mentioned the sales lift that you've been 
getting, 5% to 10% comp lift and the fact that you're accelerating the rollout of the coolers this year. And I was just 
wondering what your thoughts were on maybe expanding the coolers to the Dollar Giant concept because my 
understanding is that they don't have coolers in those stores. Is that something that you would consider? And if you 
would consider that, what your expected timing would be? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Anthony, we're just not there yet with changing the Dollar Giant stores to that degree. We're 
currently working really hard getting the infrastructure in place, putting in the store teams, building the technology in 
the stores, getting point-of-sale ready to go in, all of our replenishment systems, putting our real estate processes and 
function in place and starting to build that. That's what we're doing this year, so that next year we can start really 
ramping up our growth. 

As far as remixing the product, starting sometime in the second half of this year, you're going to see a lot more Dollar 
Tree product in those stores. It's mostly going to be the variety merchandise that we sell, the imports that we sell, as 
well as a lot of the consumer products that you find. We have no plans this year to put in coolers and freezers. As we 
look at the long-term strategy, that's something we could and would consider. But right now, we don't even have a plan 
for that right now. 

<Q - Anthony Chukumba>: Okay, thank you. 


<A - Bob Sasser>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

That's all the time we have for questions. At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Reid for any 
additional or closing comments. 

Timothy J. Reid 

Thank you, Alicia. We want to thank all of you for your participation in the call today, particularly for your interest and 
investment in Dollar Tree. Our next sales and earnings release and conference call for the second quarter are scheduled 
for Thursday, August 18, 2011. Thank you again. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


