Q2 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Timothy J. Reid 
• Bob Sasser 
• Kevin S. Wampler 
Other Participants 

• Dan Wewer 
• Peter J. Keith 
• Scott P. Kaufman-Ross 
• Neil Currie 
• Joseph Parkhill 
• Meredith Adler 
• Scot Ciccarelli 
• David M. Mann 
• John Zolidis 
• Tom Nikic 
• Anthony Chukumba 
• Brian Innes 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day. Welcome to the Dollar Tree, Inc., Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's 
call is being recorded. 

At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Reid, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go 
ahead, sir. 

Timothy J. Reid 

Thank you, Alicia. Good morning to all, and welcome to the Dollar Tree conference call for the second quarter of fiscal 
2011. Our call today will be led by Bob Sasser, our President and Chief Executive Officer, who will provide insights on 
our performance in the quarter and recent developments in our business. Kevin Wampler, our Chief Financial Officer, 
will provide a more detailed review of our second-quarter financial performance and provide our guidance for the 
remainder of 2011. 

Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that various remarks that we will make about future expectations, 
plans, and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for the purposes of the Safe Harbor 
provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 

Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various 
important factors included in our most recent press release, most recent current report on Form 8-K, quarterly report on 
Form 10-Q, and Annual Report on Form 10-K, all of which are on file with the SEC. We have no obligation to update 


our forward-looking statements, and you should not expect us to do so. 

In addition, as we have previously disclosed, in the first quarter last year, we recorded a non-recurring non-cash charge 
of $26.3 million or $0.13 per diluted share relating to a change in retail inventory accounting. Diluted earnings per 
share in the first half of last year were $1.10 including the charge. You are advised that all earnings or margin 
comparisons in today's remarks from this point forward will exclude that charge unless otherwise noted. 

At the end of our planned remarks, we will open the call to your questions, which we would ask that you limit to one 
question and one follow-up question, if necessary. 

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bob Sasser. Bob? 

Bob Sasser 

Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. This morning we announced our sales and 
earnings for the second quarter 2011, and I am very pleased with the results. This was the 10th consecutive quarter of 
more than 20% EPS growth, and we're well on our way to another record year. 

To recap the quarter, comparable store sales increased 4.7%. That's on top of a 6.7% comp in the second quarter last 
year. I'm very pleased to see that the comp was driven by both a 3.6% increase in traffic and a 1.1% increase in average 
ticket, and total sales increased 11.9% to $1.54 billion. 

Earnings for the second quarter were $0.77 per diluted share. This represents a 26.2% increase over last year's $0.61 
per share. Operating margin for the quarter was 10%, an increase of 70 basis points over the second quarter last year. 
And just to note, this is our highest second-quarter operating margin ever as a public company. Operating income was 
$153.5 million, an increase of $25.7 million, or 20.1% over last year. And net income rose 21.7% to $94.9 million. 

For the first half of 2011, compared with last year, sales were $3.09 billion, an increase of 13.1%, and comp store sales 
increased 5.9%. First-half 2011 earnings per share were $1.59, an increase of 30.3% compared with $1.22 per share in 
the first half last year, and that excludes the charge in the first quarter of last year, as Tim said. It's pure apples to 
apples. 

Operating income increased by $58.5 million. Operating margin was 10.2%, an increase of 80 basis points compared 
with the first half last year. And net income rose 24% to $195.9 million. 

Customers continue to respond enthusiastically to our assortment of low price and high value basics. We're gaining 
new customers every quarter. And when customers shop our stores, they like our compelling variety of discretionary 
products. Shoppers are buying more on each trip. 

Sales growth came from increases in both basic and discretionary products. Our top performing categories included 
food, party supplies, toys, health and beauty care basics, and products for the home. Our ever-changing assortment of 
seasonal businesses continued to drive sales and merchandise excitement throughout the quarter. And most importantly, 
we provided value to our customers and brought a record level of second quarter earnings to the bottom line. 

Our success speaks to the power and flexibility of the model and a high level of execution across the organization. Our 
stores, merchants and support teams are guided by strategic vision that involves every element of the business. 
Everything revolves around the customer at Dollar Tree, and we make a coordinated effort to wow them every time 
they visit our stores. 

We have a flexible merchandising model which we use to our advantage. Our merchants build categories of 
merchandise, not SKU-specific planograms. Since we're not locked in to any specific item, our buyers can develop 
assortments that offer the greatest value to the customer for $1, and at a cost that delivers our planned merchandise 
margin. History shows that we are consistently able to manage our margins effectively through economic cycles by 
changing the product or changing the source. 


Our solid and scalable infrastructure is another strategic advantage which we continue to upgrade to support growth. 
Currently, we are expanding our distribution center in Savannah, Georgia, from its current size of 600,000 square feet 
to 1 million square feet to support continued growth of our business in the Southeast. This project involves $19.5 
million of capital investment using existing cash, and it is on-track for completion in the third quarter. 

Our logistics infrastructure provides efficient service to our stores today, room for store expansion and continuing asset 
leverage. With the completion of the Savannah expansion, the network can support up to $8 billion in sales with no 
meaningful additional investment. 

Our retail technology is tailored to our unique business model. It helps in our efforts to provide a better customer 
experience through improved in-stock of basics, higher sell-through on seasonal products and increased inventory 
turns. Our inventory turns increased, once again, in the second quarter, as they have consistently for the past six years. 

Looking to the future, we intend to continue to grow and improve on our performance, and I have every reason to 
believe that we will. Over the next few years, it appears likely that consumers demand for value will continue to grow 
and intensify. We are uniquely positioned to take advantage of this trend by providing more value to a broader range of 
customers. We're expanding our business by opening more stores, better stores, and developing new formats, new 
markets and new channels. 

During the second quarter of this year, we opened 76 new stores and relocated and expanded another 23 stores. 
Through the first half, we added 159 new stores and expanded or relocated another 64 stores. Selling square footage 
increased 8.9% relative to the same time last year, and we ended the first half with 4,242 stores. 

Our plan for the full year includes 275 new stores and 90 relocations/expansions, for a total of 365 projects. As a note, 
this is a few less new stores and a few more expansions and relocations than our original plan. The result is selling 
square footage growth of about 7%, similar to our original guidance. 

Along with opening new stores, we're focused on operating more productive stores. Efforts have been concentrated on 
improved site selection, on rightsizing our stores, and on opening new stores earlier in the year. Average new store 
productivity has increased in each of the past five years and the trend has continued in 2011. 

Our expansion of frozen and refrigerated product continues. We installed freezers and coolers in 84 additional stores in 
the second quarter and now offer frozen and refrigerated product in 2,041 stores. We intend to roll this product out to 
approximately 170 additional stores by year-end, for a total of 375 installations for the full year. This represents an 
increase to our original plan by another 50 stores since our last quarterly update. 

We have the ability to expand this category and we're doing so because it serves the current needs of our customers, it 
drives traffic into our stores, and provides incremental sales across all categories, including our higher margin 
discretionary product. In addition to expanding the availability of frozen and refrigerated product to more stores, we 
continue to refine our frozen and refrigerated assortments to provide more value and excitement. 

Turning to new formats. Deal$, our multi-price format, continues to gain traction, extending our ability to serve more 
customers and increasing our growth potential. We're offering more variety in our Deal$ stores, more brands, more 
overall value and customers are responding favorably. In second quarter, traffic, ticket, and average unit retail 
continued to increase. Deal$ sales increased across many categories including food, party, house wares and hardware 
including our automotive, and lawn and garden products. We're extremely excited about the growth potential of the 
Deal$ concept and the opportunity that it gives us to serve even more customers across the country. 

We currently operate 177 Deal$ stores. In the first half 2011, we opened 18 new Deal$ stores and expanded and 
relocated 6 Deal$ stores. For the full year, we now expect to open 27 new Deal$ stores and expand or relocate 7 Deal$ 
stores for a total of 34 Deal$ projects. 

Our expansion into Canada is proceeding on schedule. You may remember it was during the fourth quarter 2010 that 
we acquired 86 Dollar Giant stores in Canada. This year, we intend to expand the store count by about 15% to 20% 
while establishing an infrastructure of store teams, systems, and logistics to support more aggressive growth in 2012 
and beyond. 


In the first half of this year, we've opened four new stores and now operate 90 stores in Canada. We solidified our 
logistics model in Canada and are supplying product to our stores through distribution centers in British Columbia and 
Ontario. The merchandising team has been integrated to leverage Dollar Tree's buying power, particularly on imports. 
Customers are now beginning to see broader, more exciting assortments, and better values. This will gain momentum 
as we move into the second half of the year. 

The installation of store-level POS and enterprise-level merchandising systems will be complete in the third quarter 
ahead of the holiday season. These integrated systems drive purchasing, allocations, sales data and vendor 
management. They also tie our Canadian logistics with our warehouse management system in the United States. 

Once complete, the Canadian operation will be on an identical platform to the merchandising and sales engines that 
drive the U.S. stores, resulting in the Canadian stores benefiting from higher value merchandise and more efficient and 
streamlined deliveries of merchandise to their stores. Over the long term, we believe the Canadian market can support 
up to 1,000 Dollar Tree stores. This is in addition to the 7,000 store potential for Dollar Tree in the United States, plus 
additional growth in our Deal$ format. 

Dollar Tree Direct, our e-commerce business is providing an opportunity to reach new customers through an additional 
channel of distribution. We now offer more than 2,200 items online, including many great seasonal items. For example, 
we've recently transitioned the site from Summer Fun to our new Fall Fling theme featuring items for back-to-school, 
back-to-campus, fall décor and Halloween. 

Dollar Tree Direct continues to gain new customers. Traffic on the website increased 38%, compared with the first 
quarter last year – second quarter last year. In addition, there are now more than 100,000 Dollar Tree loyalists 
interacting with us on Facebook and Twitter. 

We're leveraging this Web traffic to communicate the Dollar Tree value message. When people visit Dollar Tree 
Direct, they learn about the great values available at our 4,200 stores while they make their online purchases. Dollar 
Tree Direct provides a channel with a huge potential to serve more customers, expand the brand and increase sales and 
profit. We're gaining customers every quarter and I'm pleased with the progress. 

Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Kevin who will give you more detail on our financial metrics and provide 
guidance. 

Kevin S. Wampler 

Thanks Bob. As Bob mentioned, our diluted earnings per share increased 26.2% in the second quarter to $0.77. The 
increase resulted from our strong sales and expense controls, which resulted in a 70 basis points improvement in 
operating profit margin compared to the second quarter last year. 

Starting with gross profit, our gross profit margin was 35.2% during the second quarter compared with 35.1% in the 
second quarter last year. Several factors contributed to this performance. First, IMU on many categories increased in 
the second quarter reflecting continued improvements in sourcing, the flexibility of our merchandise model. 

Second, we recorded a favorable inventory adjustment related to immaterial corrections to prior period. These two 
factors were partially offset by increased freight cost reflecting higher rates for ocean freight attached to imported 
merchandise sold during the quarter, and diesel prices that averaged nearly $1 per gallon above the same period last 
year. And the continuing shift in our merchandise mix of basic consumable products increased by about 130 basis 
points as a percentage of our mix in the second quarter. In addition, shrink expense increased due to more favorable 
true-ups on inventories taken in the second quarter last year. This was partially offset by a decrease in markdown 
expenses as a percent of sales relative to the second quarter last year. 

We also leveraged occupancy and distribution costs slightly as positive sales leverage in the U.S. offset higher expense 
relative to sales in our Canadian stores. SG&A expenses were 25.2% of sales for the quarter, a 60 basis point 
improvement from the second quarter last year. Payroll related expenses declined by 30 basis points, driven by leverage 


on payroll and incentive compensation, lower bonus accruals, and a reduction in insurance benefit expense. These 
reductions more than offset increases in stock compensation expenses and retirement plan contributions, and a less 
favorable adjustment to reserve in the second quarter last year. 

Depreciation declined by 25 basis points. Store operating expense declined by about 10 basis points due to reductions 
in utilities and maintenance expenses as a percent of sales. Other operating expenses increased about 5 basis points due 
primarily to increases in debit and credit card fees. 

In the second quarter, compared to the second quarter last year, debit card penetration increased 100 basis points and 
credit card penetration increased 110 basis points. As most of you know, we accept debit cards, Visa credit, Discover 
credit, American Express and EBT in all of our stores. We also accept SNAP or food stamps in about 90% of our U.S. 
stores. SNAP penetration, although small, continues to grow. 

Operating income increased $25.7 million compared with the second quarter last year. Our operating margin for the 
quarter was 10%, a 70 basis point improvement compared to the second quarter of last year. Dollar Tree's operating 
margin remains among the highest in the value retail sector. The tax rate for the quarter was 37.7% compared to 37.6% 
in the second quarter last year. 

Looking at the balance sheet and the statement of cash flow, cash and investments at quarter-end totaled $545.4 million 
versus $480.3 million at the end of the second quarter of 2010. Cash net of debt was $279.9 million at the end of the 
second quarter of 2011. 

During the second quarter, we repurchased 131,000 shares of Dollar Tree stock for $8.2 million. During the first half, 
share repurchases totaled 1.9 million shares for $96.7 million. At quarter-end, we had $249.2 million remaining in our 
share repurchase authorization. The diluted weighted average shares outstanding for the second quarter was 123 
million. We continue to view share repurchase as a good use of capital. 

Our consolidated inventory at quarter-end was 8.3% greater than at the same time last year, and selling square footage 
grew by 8.9%. Consolidated inventory per selling square foot decreased by 0.7%. Our U.S. inventory increased 5% as 
of the end of the quarter, while selling square footage in the U.S. increased 6.8%. Inventory per selling square foot in 
the U.S. decreased by 1.7% year-over-year. Inventory trends have been increasing for the past six years, and we expect 
this trend to continue for the full year of 2011. 

Capital expenditures were $63 million in the second quarter of 2011 versus $45 million in the second quarter of last 
year. For the full year, we are planning capital expenditures to be in the range of $220 million to $230 million. 

Capital expenditures will be focused on new stores and remodels, the addition of frozen or refrigerated capability to 
375 stores, IT system enhancements, and approximately $19.5 million for expanse of our distribution in Savannah, 
Georgia. Depreciation and amortization was $39.6 million compared to $39.4 million in the second quarter of last year. 
We expect depreciation expense of $160 million to $165 million for the year, and the depreciation expense as a percent 
of sales will continue to decline throughout 2011. 

Our guidance for the remainder of 2011 includes a couple of assumptions. First, the state of the economy is very 
uncertain. Second, for Q3 last year we had a very strong comp sales gain of 8.7%, which is well above trend. Third, we 
expect that diesel prices will be significantly higher throughout fiscal 2011 than they were last year despite the recent 
pullback in crude oil prices. Regarding ocean freight, we are pleased with the overall results of our May 1 contract 
negotiation, and those new rates are incorporated in our guidance. 

Also, as we have previously disclosed, for the third quarter last year we recorded two unusual items amounting to a 
one-time benefit of about $0.03 per share. As a reminder, those two items were a realized gain of $2.7 million relating 
to the favorable resolution of a legal matter and a dividend income of $5 million in other income based on the dividend 
declared by Ollie's Holdings Inc., which we are a 10% owner of. 

Finally, our guidance also assumes a tax rate of 37.7% for the third quarter and 37.7% for the full year. Weighted 
average diluted share counts are assumed to be 122.5 million shares for the third quarter and 122.9 million shares for 
the full year. While we still see share repurchase as a good use of cash, our guidance assumes no additional share 


repurchase. 

With this in mind, for the third quarter of 2011 we are forecasting sales in the range of $1.56 billion to $1.60 billion 
based on a low single digit comparable store sales increase and 9% square footage growth. 

Diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $0.77 to $0.83, an increase of 5.5% to 13.7% over the third 
quarter 2010 EPS of $0.73. 

For the full fiscal year of 2011, we are raising our guidance. We are now forecasting sales in the range of $6.53 billion 
to $6.62 billion based on a low to mid-single digit increase in comparable store sales and 7% square footage growth. 
Diluted earnings per share expected to be in the range of $3.82 to $3.95, representing an increase of between 18.3% and 
22.3% over our record earnings per share of $3.23 in fiscal 2010, excluding the non-cash charge that we took in the 
first quarter of last year. 

With that, I'll turn the call back over to Bob. 

Bob Sasser 

Thanks, Kevin, and I'd just like to say once more, I'm pleased with our company's second quarter performance and our 
first half performance. Sales grew 13% and earnings per share were up 30%, on top of a 42% increase in the first half 
last year. Comp store sales increased 5.9%. We're attracting new customers. Our traffic continues to grow and shoppers 
are buying more on each visit. Our average ticket is increasing. 

Despite high fuel prices and a tough economic environment, our operating margin increased by 80 basis points to 
10.2% and net income rose 24% to $196 million. We're positioned to do even better and we're on track to accomplish 
our goals. Our business model is powerful and flexible. We can adapt to a changing environment. It's been tested by 
time and validated over the company's 25 year history. 

Through good and bad economic times, our record of superior sales and earnings continues, and we've never been 
better positioned for the future. Our balanced mix of high-value consumer basics and unique assortment of fun, 
compelling, seasonally correct discretionary products positions us to be relevant to customers in all economic 
circumstances. In challenging times we have the values that customers need on an everyday basis. And when times get 
better, which they will, and customers have a few extra dollars in their pocket, our assortment of fun, compelling, 
seasonally correct discretionary product can't be beat. At Dollar Tree, you could even afford to splurge, yes, you can 
afford it. These discretionary items are still just $1. The customer is our focus and our stores are our product. 

Stores are strategically located to serve middle-America. They're bright, convenient and they're fun to shop. Dollar Tree 
has a solid and scalable infrastructure that we're leveraging for better inventory management, increasingly efficient 
supply chain logistics, more productive stores and crisper execution overall. 

We have plenty of opportunities to grow our business, a vision of where we want to go, and the infrastructure and 
capital to make it happen while generating substantial free cash, and we use our capital for the long-term benefit of our 
shareholders. 

It's an exciting time at Dollar Tree. We had a great first half. Our merchandise values are better than ever and our future 
has never been brighter. 

We're now ready for your questions. So that we can accommodate as many callers as time permits, we ask that you 
limit your questions to two. 

Q&A 

Operator 


The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Dan Wewer 
from Raymond James. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: Hey, good morning, Bob. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Good morning, Dan. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: So I guess the key question this morning is going to regard the comp sales guidance of low-single 
digits instead of the normal low to mid-single digits. Does that primarily reflect this crazy year-over-year comparison 
that you have in the third quarter, or are you seeing something in the month of August that concerns you about the pace 
of sales growth? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: You know, it's simply the comparison that we're up against. That third quarter last year was above 
trend. And we see no reason why we can't go up against that very well. But it was above trend and it was 
extraordinarily high for last year. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: Can you remind us, was – last year was the sales growth front-loaded or back-loaded or was it 
consistent throughout the period? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: It was consistent. Last year, third quarter was consistently strong throughout the quarter. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: Yes. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: And we're trying to be prudent. We're looking at that. And while we're excited about our business, 
it is the biggest wall we're leaping over this year. So, still, our guidance is that we're expecting a good third quarter. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: And then my other question. You'd always stated that you did not want Dollar Tree to become just 
another small-box grocery store, that you always wanted to preserve the elements of a variety store for Dollar Tree. 
And yet, if you look at your consumable mix, it continues to grow over 100 basis points as a percent of your revenues. 
Is there a line in the sand where you ask your merchants to say: enough is enough, and we can't let Dollar Tree look 
like all the other dollar-store competitors? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: You know, Dan, thank you for asking that question. We are not a grocery store. We are not now, 
we never have been, and we never will be as long as I have anything to do with it. It's not in our DNA. We are selling 
more consumer products, which is not just food items but also snacks and beverage, and HBC [health, beauty care], and 
paper towels, and chemicals, and basics that people need, because that's what customers want now. And as long as the 
economy stays tough, high unemployment, record high unemployment, and record high fuel prices, they're going to 
want more of that stuff, and they're looking to us to provide that for them. So we're going to keep following the trends 
with that, and giving the customers what they need. 

At the same time, we're really focused on continuing to grow our discretionary product. We still put our seasonal 
products at the front of the store. When you walk in to a Dollar Tree, you don't see groceries and paper towels, what 
you see is seasonal product. You see Christmas or Halloween and then you walk – from there you're walking into toys 
and party and stationery, and all those fun things that we've always done even when we were just the small stores in the 
malls. 

But we do have that basic component of things that people need now that drives traffic into our store. They're looking 
for value; we can offer it, and that's why we offer the rest of the consumer products. Our customers want it. We're 
always going to listen to them. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: Okay. Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Peter Keith from Piper Jaffray. 


<Q - Peter J. Keith>: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. I had a question on the relocation 
strategy. You're accelerating that a little bit – up to 90 stores. Is that something that you can continue to accelerate in 
the out-year, or are you restricted by lease expiration to some sort? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Well, we do generally do our relocations and expansions as our leases expire. Sometimes we'll do it 
in the middle, especially if it may be the same landlord, but the acceleration that you saw in the first half was really 
opportunistic. We had some really great opportunities at better real estate, and that resulted in a few more relocations 
than we had planned. 

But at the end of the day, our square footage growth still around that 7% range is what we're talking about. So, a few 
more relocations opportunistically with a few less new stores, and still coming up with the same square footage. 

<Q - Peter J. Keith>: Okay, thank you. That's helpful. I did have one other question, too, just on the share repurchases. 
It was it a little bit lower than what you guys had been running at historically. Could you remind us on how your 
repurchase authorization works? Is it a combination of opportunistic purchases and some type of predetermined 
program? I guess, could you explain some more detail on that? How it flowed through the second quarter? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Sure. As we've looked at share repurchase over the years we've done it in many flavors, in 
the sense of we've done ASRs, we've done 10b-5s, we've done open market purchases. And so it's really dependent 
upon where we're at within the quarter and various things like that. 

Within the second quarter, we probably didn't repurchase as much maybe as we have the last few quarters. But part of 
that, on a regular basis, we kind of step back and take a look at our capital structure and try to see what's going on a 
little bit. And then you had the kind of the overhang of the economy, as well as what was going to happen with the debt 
ceiling and some things like that. 

So it was just kind of a period of time where we were going through the process of looking at everything. We still 
believe it is a great use of our capital and a great way to return shareholder value to our shareholders. So I don't think 
that our overall thoughts on it have changed. 

<Q - Peter J. Keith>: Okay. Thanks a lot, and good luck in the second half. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Adrianne Shapira from Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Scott P. Kaufman-Ross>: Hey. Thanks. This is Scott Kaufmann-Ross, on for Adrianne. I just wanted to ask a 
little bit about the 2Q comp. Certainly a 4.7% comp is certainly nothing to be ashamed of, but it did come in a little bit 
below recent trends, looks like 200- to 300-basis-point deceleration on both a one- and two-year basis. 

Now, obviously, the first quarter does include a later Easter, so that's about 100 basis points of it, but can you give us a 
little more color on the breakdown of the comp in the second quarter versus the first? Maybe on the consumables 
versus discretionary, and where things maybe came in a little bit weaker than the first quarter? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Yes, Scott. The 4.7% comp was a bit lower than the recent run rate but I would not characterize it 
as a deceleration in the fundamentals of our business. There were some unusual events that – you called out one of 
them, Easter was late – we love late Easters. We do very well in first quarter with a late Easter. This year was April 24. 
And then the quarter ended. And first of the months are big times. Our customers spend a lot of money with us in first 
quarter, especially leading up into that April 24 Easter, then there was only about a week there before the first of the 
month. 

So the first of the month of May wasn't quite what it traditionally is. It was – and I think that was because the customers 
had really maybe – they'd spent a lot of money for Easter and there wasn't much time to recover from that, and 


immediately followed by Mother's Day. So we saw, early May especially, just a little weaker than we expected, but the 
comps accelerated throughout the quarter. June was better than May, and July was better than all of them. And frankly, 
it ended with about the run rate that we would have expected. 

So, I don't look at it as a deceleration of comps. I think it's just one of those calendar issues and this tough economy, 
and people are watching what they're spending. It was a great first quarter, and it was a terrific second quarter. Our 
consumables comped up about 7% in the quarter. Our variety discretionary merchandise comped up about 2% in the 
quarter, and that's how you got to the 4.7%. 

But there's nothing unusual there other than the trend that we'd been seeing that people are under – consumers are under 
pressure, and fuel prices are high, and so they're looking for value, and so they're buying a little more of their 
consumable products from us. 

By the way, we have terrific values on it, so you should buy yours there, too, Scott. It's the best game in town. But 
nothing really bothered me; it was a terrific second quarter, the highest operating margin in the history of the company 
in the second quarter, so it's hard to complain much about that. 

<Q - Scott P. Kaufman-Ross>: Thanks a lot. And then my second question is probably more for Kevin. On the flip 
side, the gross margin actually seems like it came in a little better than you expected. Diesel was still a drag, and from 
your comments, it seems like ocean freight was still a little higher in the second quarter. So can you give us a little 
color on where things were maybe a little bit better than your expectation, I mean, potentially on the IMU? And then as 
you look to the back half, given what the trans-Pacific rates over in China have done, it seems like it's an opportunity, 
especially given the capacity issues you had? So, maybe a little bit about the gross margin cadence throughout the year. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Well, generally in the quarter, IMUs were up in many categories as we spoke to, and our 
merchants work very hard every day to go out there and find the best values at the best prices. And they've come 
through again. We've spoken the last, probably, six or seven quarters about the fact that each of the trips that our 
merchant group has made to Asia has come back with better IMUs than the year prior. So, I mean, we're continuing 
that process and it is a process. They work very hard at it. So we look at that as a very positive thing. 

Obviously, diesel is going to be a headwind all year long, and that's been expected. It gets a little easier potentially 
towards Q4 if the rates don't change much from where they're at, because by Q4 last year the diesel rates were starting 
to come up a little bit so the comparison gets a little bit better. As we've said, ocean freight, we feel good about where 
we came out with our May contracts and maybe a little better than a year ago. 

And then the other thing that we got going on that is helpful overall is the fact that if you remember last year, there was 
container shortages, basically, and getting goods, getting containers to get goods across the ocean came at a premium. 
So that has abated and – since last year and is not an issue. And not only was a cost issue, it was really a flow of goods 
issue to a certain extent, too, because it didn't flow quite as smoothly as we would like to have seen it flow. So I think 
that's potentially a positive for us as we go through the rest of the year. And I think that's kind of how we look at it. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Neil Currie from Dahlman Rose. 

<Q - Neil Currie>: Good morning. I just wondered if I can ask about Halloween this year. It's obviously a very 
important holiday for you, and it looks like one of the days before Halloween was in your third quarter last year and is 
going into the fourth quarter this year. Is that significant? And if so, how much of an impact do you think that will have 
on your third quarter and positive on the fourth quarter? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Neil, you're very astute. We do have a few days of Halloween selling that's moving into our fourth 
quarter this year. We've known that, though, for a long time, and our merchants and our stores have really made some 
great plans to offset that as we go into the Halloween season. Halloween's an important season for us. We're 
well-prepared. It's already selling. We've got Halloween merchandise in the store right now, and it is doing very well. 


So, yes, some of it does move into fourth quarter, so there'll be some benefit into fourth quarter from Halloween, more 
benefit than we had last year, and a little bit less on that last week in the third quarter. But we have plans to offset that. 

<Q - Neil Currie>: So the low single-digit comp expectation third quarter is really driven by that Halloween shift, but 
also the very tough comparison, so that would explain, really, why this is not your usual low to the mid-single digit. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Yes, and I think you know, too, it's not like we're holding back. I mean, it's just the biggest quarter 
we were up against and there is a little shift of the season, so we think it's prudent that we consider that when we're 
giving our guidance. 

<Q - Neil Currie>: And also, just on the current quarter, obviously, it is a tough comparison. So if we just look at the 
weekly run rate of sales, you said that really improved throughout the second quarter. Obviously we've had a lot of 
headlines in the last few weeks, hitting stock markets and hitting the headlines. Have you seen any sort of tail-off in 
those weekly sales rates or is it sill progressing nicely? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Progressing nicely. Very nicely. 

<Q - Neil Currie>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Joseph Parkhill from Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Joseph Parkhill>: Hi. Good morning. I was just wondering about your full-year guidance. It seems like you beat 
this quarter by $0.02 but raised your high end of EPS guidance by $0.10, so I was just wondering what gave you more 
confidence in raising the high end towards – in the back half? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Well, Joseph, I think it's like anything else. We're three months further down the road. We 
have better visibility to a lot of things, which obviously makes us feel a little bit better. As we've talked about, diesel 
hasn't continued to go up. It's kind of settled in, for the moment at least. We've seen – we were going against record 
shrink results for us last year. We've seen those come in and stay fairly flat. So that feels pretty good; you've got a 
better feel for that. 

We've done a good job with leveraging our payroll costs. The store operators have done a nice job with picking up the 
productivity, and that is our, by far, our biggest SG&A item at the end of the day, is our labor. So when we can see 
things like that, and we feel good about them, that gives us a little more confidence as we look out to the future. 

So I think those are some of the things that we look at and know a little bit more about, and gives us comfort to look at 
our guidance and go forward. 

<Q - Joseph Parkhill>: Okay. Great. And then just with gross margins trending a little bit better than normal. Is there 
any change in what type of comp you believe you need in order to lever operating margin – SG&A or operating 
margins? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: No, I don't think so. I mean, obviously, any comp helps us leverage at the end of the day, 
but I don't think our thought process has changed there. On a SG&A basis, typically, roughly a 2% comp probably gets 
us pretty close there. So nothing has really changed from that standpoint. 

<Q - Joseph Parkhill>: Okay. Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Meredith Adler from Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Meredith Adler>: Thanks. Can you hear me? 


<A - Bob Sasser>: Yes. 

<Q - Meredith Adler>: Sorry, can you hear me now? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: I can hear you now, Meredith. 

<Q - Meredith Adler>: Okay. Sorry. Most of my questions have been asked. But can we talk just a little bit about 
ocean shipping? I've been reading some stuff that suggest that it's even better maybe than had been expected. That 
there's more capacity of containers and space on ships. Is that something that you have a chance to take advantage of? I 
know you renegotiated in May, but is there a chance to get it down even more? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: No, Meredith, we do our contracts in May. And from May on that's as good or as bad as it 
gets, usually. We had very favorable contracts this year based on more capacity than was available last year, and more, 
I guess, certainty, I suppose. But we have some benefit from that and we've included that in our guidance. 

<Q - Meredith Adler>: Okay, great. And then I've been a big bull on share buybacks, and I understand you're 
cautious. I'm just wondering if you're holding back on buying back shares for any reason other like that you have 
another use for the cash, like acquisitions or something like that? I am not aware there are any acquisitions to be done, 
but anything else you want to comment on in terms of use of cash? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Meredith, it is just as Kevin described. We still see it as a great use of free cash. The buyback in 
second quarter was really just as Kevin said. It was stepping back and taking a look at our capital structure in its 
entirety, and thinking about it strategically, and thinking about now, and next year and the next year, and how we were 
going to manage that. And at the same time, the uncertainty that was in the political environment, the general economic 
environment in the world and just the uncertainty with that. We thought it was a good time just to stand still, look 
around, and assess the situation and the landscape, and then put our plans in place. 

So, we still see it as a great use of our capital. But there is no acquisition that I know of right now. Not that we are not 
always open to good acquisitions, but there's nothing that we're undertaking at this time. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: Hi, guys. How are you? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Good. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Hi, Scott. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: Something that tends to be topical and hasn't really been brought up yet is kind of the margin 
outlook going forward; most recent buying trip. Any kind of color we can get on that at this point? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Well, we bought through basically next spring and summer on our imports, and I'm happy to report 
that our buyers once again captured the prize. They put together assortments that are just really compelling, just huge 
value. Customers are really going to be jazzed by it. I know I'm excited about the plans that they've put together 
between now and next year. 

The margins hit our targets. And as always, we change the product, not the price. We know the retail. Our buyers are 
focused on putting together the most value they can for our customers at a cost that will fit our margin structures. So, 
we're very excited about not only just the fact that we hit our margin targets on the upcoming trips, but the merchandise 
and the value that that's going to represent in our stores. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: That's helpful. And then any kind of comment in terms of the performance of Deal$? Is that 
trending above the Dollar Tree chain? Is it below? Any kind of color on that would be great. Thanks. 


<A - Bob Sasser>: We're excited about Deal$. I'm particularly excited about Deal$. We can see it gaining more 
traction all the time. We're still working on the brand identity and what that means to the customer. And we've sort of – 
we've got 4,200-ish Dollar Tree stores across the country and Canada now and people kind of know that. There's a big 
Dollar Tree sign up everywhere you turn, and we've established that brand. We're still working hard on getting the 
Deal$ brand and what that customer expectation should be established, but we're gaining a lot of traction. 

In the quarter, the top categories were – across the board, our food categories were up, our housewares, our hardware, 
our HBC, our home and domestic. We're offering broader assortments on things you just can't buy at Dollar Tree, some 
of the housewares items, home items like blankets and quilts and sheet sets, and some of our best-selling items are 
those type products. 

We also accept coupons at Deal$ stores because we [ph] offer (46:03) that kind of products. And with the quest for 
value that customers are on now, our coupon business is getting traction. Actually when they use a coupon the basket's 
about 25% higher than when they don't use a coupon. So that's a good fact. 

We're continuing to grow Deal$ stores. We're continuing to see our average unit retail go up. Our traffic is expanding, 
and we're excited about it. As we go forward we're going to continue looking for ways to grow the Deal$ stores, 
especially in those high-cost markets that I've always talked about, the high-cost but high-volume markets. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: All right. Thanks a lot, guys. 

Operator 

We'll go next to David Mann from Johnson Rice. 

<Q - David M. Mann>: Yes, thank you. Good morning. Can you talk in terms of the inflation issues, in terms of what 
you're seeing in food, just given some of the commodity concerns that we've had in the past? How's that looking right 
now? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Our buyers work really hard in the changing economic climate to continue to offer the best value 
for what we offer to our customers. And more and more customers are looking to us for those kinds of items. 

As I said earlier, we're not a grocery store, and they don't expect us to be a grocery store. So that gives us the 
opportunity to buy and offer value on the things that we can afford, that fit our margin structure, and at the same time, 
offer great value to our customers. 

We have an ever-changing mix of product in our food area. Sometimes you may find just a terrific value on an item, 
but buy it now because it may be gone next time you're in the store. But our customers sort of give us a bye for that 
because we don't – we've never set the expectation that a grocery store might have set that we would have this product 
all the time. 

So, many times, our customers come for us for a broad list of things and they shop us, maybe they shop us first and 
then they go over to the grocery store and finish their shopping trip. But more and more we're able to offer value. 

Now, we may not be able to offer the value on the same item 365 days. Sometimes we offer a dozen eggs, sometimes 
we offer a half-a-dozen eggs. But our buyers are very astute in being able to manage through those – this inflationary 
period, and still get that best value for the customer in the category that we choose to participate in. 

<Q - David M. Mann>: Great. Thank you, Bob. 

Operator 

We'll go next to John Zolidis from Buckingham Research. 

<Q - John Zolidis>: Hi. Good morning. 


<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Good morning, John. 

<Q - John Zolidis>: Hi. Can you guys talk about the store openings? You took down the guidance for the year about 
25 locations. Is there anything happening from a dynamic of – with the new stores with real estate that it's making it 
harder to hit your targets? Is there more competition out there in the channel? Any color you can provide. Thanks. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Well you know, sometimes it's opportunistic. Again, it's the same work and the same cost and the 
same everything when you expand and relocate a store as it is to open up a brand new store. 

So, when you look at the projects – when you look at the square footage, we're growing about the same as we guided. 
How we're getting to that is a few more relocation and a few less new stores. I wouldn't really characterize it as, oh my 
gosh, we can't open more new stores, or we're having trouble opening new stores, as much as it was shooting for a 
square footage target, as we've always done. 

And when you get to this time of year, as you're entering third quarter, you're going to sort of start making some 
decisions on how you're going to continue that growth for the rest of the year. So, we didn't take it down much in terms 
of projects, just a few, because we're doing more relocations and expansion also, and the square footage is about the 
same. 

So I wouldn't read anything into that more than just the way the stores are falling this year. And of course we have a 
cutoff. We don't want to go into our busiest season, in fourth quarter, opening up new stores. So you make some 
decisions about when you're going to stop opening. We do anyway, when we're going to stop opening new stores. 

<Q - John Zolidis>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We have time for one or two more questions. We'll go next to Laura Champine from Cowen & Co. 

Q – [09M3Y7-E Tom Nikic]>: Hi, guys. This is Tom Nikic in for Laura Champine today. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Good morning. 

<Q - Tom Nikic>: Hi. Good morning. I was also wondering a little about lowering the store growth a little bit. Is that 
all in the U.S. or are you planning on opening fewer stores in Canada this year also? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: It's across the board. I can't tell you that I can characterize the numbers because, again, some of 
these was moving around, some relo's and some new stores and the like, but I'd say maybe a couple in Canada and the 
rest in the U.S.. Something like that would be the way to characterize that. 

But again, I'll tell you, I wouldn't read anything into it more than we're managing our business, and managing the 
projects appropriately, and still aiming for a sales number, that's what we really are focused on. And then how do you 
get there? And with the – aiming at a square footage growth, which is about 7%, which is exactly where we started the 
year pretty much. 

Q – [09M3Y7-E Tom Nikic]>: Okay, great. And just a quick follow-up. Just, I guess, regarding the locations, where 
those 25 stores would have been. Is that something where you think maybe just the timing isn't right for a store, or is it 
something about those markets you feel differently about them than you did three months, ago or...? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: It's just not that specific when we start out with our store growth plans. We don't build locations 
typically. We don't go out and – typically, although we do a little bit, we don't go out and plan years ahead and buy the 
dirt and develop these projects. We're always subject to availability where we want to go. So we target where we want 
to go. We look at our list of stores where we already are. We look at where the competition may be. We look at where 
the opportunity is for our model, and we target those corners and those locations. And then we set out across the 
country, and now across Canada, looking for the spots that fit those locations. 


Sometimes we plan in the beginning of the year to do new stores, this many, relocations, this many. And sometime as 
you get into it, things may change. There may be more opportunity, but it may be a relocation opportunity or an 
expansion of a small store opportunity, and we make decisions then. We decide, well, okay, if we're going to spend the 
capital let's spend it here on this relocation this year instead of another store that we may have been working on. But it's 
not that specific that we decided not to open a store on the southwest corner in Miami, Florida, it's really more about 
the progress and the process that we go through in developing our go-to-market strategy for our store growth. 

And again, we give ourselves a little break, and I hope you will, too, on the fact that we are opportunistic and we 
always – not only it has to be in the place where we want it to be, but it has to be good store economics; and a lot of 
times we negotiate really strongly to get those economics. So I may be able to grow a little faster in some areas of the 
country this year, a little faster next year in another area of the country. But always overall we're aiming at that square 
footage and that sales number. Again we're not building these things from the ground up. 

Q – [09M3Y7-E Tom Nikic]>: All right, great. Thanks for taking questions. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Sure. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Anthony Chukumba from BB&T Capital Markets. 

<Q - Anthony Chukumba>: Good morning. I had a couple of questions on Dollar Giant. I guess you've been 
operating in Canada for a few months now, and just wanted to see if you could give us any kind of early read in terms 
of what you've seen there? 

And then in addition to that, and maybe this is nitpicking a bit, but previously you had said you thought you could 
operate 900 to 1,000 stores in Canada, now, you're saying up to 1,000. I was just wondering if that change is just due to 
what you're seeing so far there? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Well, it's no change in my mind. I may have just said it differently, but up to 1,000 is what I think. 
Maybe it's 1,010. Who knows? Maybe we could even exceed that, but I didn't intend to change the target when I said it 
that way. 

We're making great progress in Canada. We like Canada, as we said when we entered Canada. Buying the Dollar Giant 
stores we thought that we could – and we've modeled up to 1,000 stores, we still believe that. 

What we're doing right now is we're in the process of really building the infrastructure for Canada. We're building the 
store teams. We're building – we've got our logistics in place. We've integrated the buying organizations, especially on 
the import buying, and we've got stuff coming into our Canadian stores now from a seasonal nature. We're putting in 
our planning we're about to launch into putting in our POS and our retail technology. And our goal is to have all of that 
done before fourth quarter. So, really working hard to get the infrastructure in place, to get the people needs in place, so 
that we can go into fourth quarter and then come out next year and grow at a better pace. 

We have two real estate reps focused on Canada – Canadian real estate reps, right now, focused on Canada, and we're 
building our sites and our location opportunities at this very point. 

But if you would ask me how we're doing, I am very excited about where we are. We've made great progress. We're 
doing a lot of heavy lifting now to set Canada up, beginning next year, as a terrific opportunity for us to grow the 
model and to be accretive to our earnings next year. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Joe Feldman from Telsey Advisory Group. 


<Q - Brian Innes>: Hi there. Brian Innes calling in for Joe. Thanks for taking two quick questions. First, just 
regionally, did you see any pockets of strength or weakness in the quarter? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: You know Brian, it was across the board. There are some minor differences. I would say that the 
Southwest was the strongest, but not by much, followed closely by the Southeast. And then it sort of went to the 
Midwest. But it was pretty close across the board as we looked at second quarter, in terms of comps. 

<Q - Brian Innes>: Okay. And then, secondly, just in terms of general competitive landscape. Anything you're seeing 
there, or changes in the second quarter? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Oh gosh. You know Brian, we are so focused on what we do – we watch competition and we 
admire them, and then we turn to what we know how to do, and that's offer value at the dollar price point, and continue 
to grow this brand, and satisfy our customers. I don't see anything in second quarter that changed from first quarter 
really, or last year. 

<Q - Brian Innes>: Great. Well, good luck in the third quarter. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Thank you. 

Operator 

At this time – this is all the time we have for questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Tim for any 
closing comments. 

Timothy J. Reid 

Thank you, Alicia. And thank you all for participating on the call, and for your interest and investment particularly in 
Dollar Tree. Our next sales and earnings release and conference call are scheduled for Thursday, November 17, the 
week before Thanksgiving. Thank you and have a great day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


