Q1 2012 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Timothy J. Reid 
• Bob Sasser 
• Kevin S. Wampler 
Other Participants 

• John M. Zolidis 
• Matt R. Boss 
• Adrianne T. Shapira 
• Chuck P. Grom 
• Joseph Parkhill 
• Dan Wewer 
• Scot Ciccarelli 
• Peter J. Keith 
• Matt Nemer 
• Daniel T. Binder 
• David M. Mann 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Please stand by everyone, we're about to begin. Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Dollar Tree, Inc. First 
Quarter Earnings Release. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. 

For opening remarks and introductions I will now turn the call over to Mr. Tim Reid, Vice President of Investor 
Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 

Timothy J. Reid 

Thank you, Debbie. Good morning, and welcome to the Dollar Tree conference call for the first quarter of fiscal 2012. 
Our call today will be led by Bob Sasser, our President and Chief Executive Officer, who'll provide insights on our 
performance in the quarter and recent developments in our business. Kevin Wampler, our Chief Financial Officer, will 
provide a more detailed review of the first quarter financial performance and provide our guidance for the remainder of 
2012. 

Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that various remarks that we will make about future expectations, 
plans, and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for the purposes of the Safe Harbor 
provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 

Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various 
important factors included in our most recent press release, most recent current report on Form 8-K, quarterly report on 
Form 10-Q and Annual Report on Form 10-K, all of which are on file with the SEC. We have no obligation to update 
our forward-looking statements, and you should not expect us to do so. 


At the end of our planned remarks, we will open your call to questions, which we ask that you limit to one question and 
one follow-up question, if necessary. 

Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Bob Sasser, our President and CEO. Bob? 

Bob Sasser 

Thanks, Tim and good morning everyone. This morning we announced first quarter 2012 earnings of $1 per diluted 
share. This represents a 22% increase over the first quarter 2011 earnings of $0.82 per share. Comp store sales 
increased 5.6% in the quarter and total sales grew 11.5% to $1.72 billion. 

Operating income increased by $26.3 million. Operating margin was 10.9%, an increase of 40 basis points compared 
with the 10.5% operating margin in the first quarter last year and net income increased 15% to $116.1 million. 

I want to begin by saying that I am very pleased with these results, both sales and earnings growth exceeded the top end 
of guidance. Comp store sales are growing consistently year-over-year. Our comp increase of 5.6% this year was on top 
of a 7.1% comp in the first quarter last year and a 6.5% comp the year before, and our operating margin of 10.9% was 
the highest first quarter operating margin we have ever produced. 

Inventory turns increased again in first quarter. Most importantly, our shelves are full of the right product, our stock 
rooms are in great shape and we ended the quarter in stock, in business and well prepared for our customers as we 
entered second quarter. 

I am particularly proud of the day-by-day execution of our strategy across the organization. The merchant teams 
continue to source and develop product that exceeds customer expectations of what $1 can buy. The product selection 
and assortment day in and day out is of the highest value and more relevant to our customers' needs than ever. 

New customers are finding Dollar Tree and Deal$ to be a shopping destination and our store teams are working very 
hard to keep these customers coming back by delivering on our promise of a store that is clean, bright, friendly and full 
of merchandise energy. 

Our goal is to provide our customers a store that offers a balanced assortment of high-value basics, things that 
customers need every day, alongside seasonally relevant and fund discretionary product, all for just a dollar. 

Delivering on this promise requires a coordinated effort across the organization, bridging the gap from source to store, 
our supply chain is solid, scalable and efficient and the logistics team is focused on smoothing and improving the flow 
of product. 

Our information systems provide visibility to valuable data and we're using this information to effectively manage 
costs, increase inventory turns and improve the customer experience. 

Seasonal transitions in first quarter were well executed. Fresh assortments arrived in a timely manner, and our stores 
transitioned seamlessly almost overnight from one season to the next, while consistently maintaining high levels of 
in-stock on basic items that customers need every day. 

At Dollar Tree and Deal$, we're gaining new customers all the time, and existing customers are shopping more 
frequently. As a result, comp store sales growth in the first quarter was driven largely by traffic. Of the 5.6% comp 
store sales increase, 5.4% came from increased transactions. 

The top performing categories for the quarter included home products; food, snacks and beverage; health care products; 
party supplies; household cleaning supplies; and seasonal merchandise. 

Sales increases in the first quarter came from growth in both basic and variety categories, with basic consumable 
categories generally growing at a faster pace. This has been a continuing trend consistent with the difficult economy 
that we're experiencing, with customers concerned over rising and uncertain fuel prices and high unemployment, many 


are finding Dollar Tree to be a destination for high value consumer products, as they look for ways to balance their 
budgets. 

At Dollar Tree, we remain focused on the needs of our customers and our flexible assortment strategy enables our 
stores to be right for all times and relevant in all economic environments. While customers are under pressure from the 
difficult economy as they are now, they can look to Dollar Tree for extreme value on products they need every day. 

As long as this trend continues, we plan to meet our customers demand by providing these products consistently and at 
the highest value possible, it's another reason to shop at Dollar Tree. 

And when customers are in the store shopping for the basics, we plan to give them every reason to stock up on our 
terrific assortment of high value and higher margin variety merchandise. Even in a difficult economy, at Dollar Tree, 
you can still splurge, everything is only one dollar. 

Sales cadence in first quarter reflected the growth in both consumable product and the growth of seasonal and variety 
merchandise sales. 

In February, we got off to a great start with sales for Valentine's Day. Customers were thrilled with our offerings of gift 
bags and tissue, candy and balloons, and at TWO for a dollar, you can afford to buy Valentine's Day cards for more 
than one special person. 

From Valentine's Day, our stores quickly transitioned to Easter and a Dollar Days event that was very successful, and 
helped to sustain sales momentum into March. The Dollar Day event included a solid presence of housewares, home 
textiles, household plastics, and variety merchandise. As planned, sales momentum continued to build in March and it 
peaked at Easter which was two weeks earlier this year, on April, the 8th. 

Performance in the first quarter was relatively consistent across the country with the highest comps coming from the 
Mid-Atlantic and the Midwest followed closely by New England and the Southwest. 

Our stores have broad appeal. Our growth strategy remains consistent and can be summarized into five points: more 
stores; more productive stores; new formats; new markets; and new channels. 

In reference to more stores, during the first quarter this year, we opened 110 new stores, relocated and expanded 
another 44 stores, and grew total square footage 7.1% relative to this time last year. 

We ended the quarter with 4,451 stores and we're on track with our plan for the full year 2012, which includes 315 new 
stores and 75 relocations and expansions for a total of 390 projects across the U.S. and Canada. 

In addition to opening new Dollar Tree and Deal$ stores, we have a tremendous opportunity to expand categories to 
grow new retail formats, to expand geographic reach and to open more productive stores, increasing store productivity 
overall. 

New store productivity has increased consistently for six years, driven by improved site selection, by right sizing our 
stores to the market, by opening new stores earlier in the year, through improved staffing, building the bench of 
qualified store management and by emphasizing and expanding the most productive categories of merchandise. 

Last year average new store productivity increased to its highest level in 10 years. While it's still very early, I'm pleased 
with the productivity of this year's new store class and I'm happy to report that we are ahead of plan. 

Our expansion of frozen and refrigerated product continues. We installed freezers and coolers in 127 stores in the first 
quarter and now offer frozen and refrigerated product in 2,345 stores. We are planning approximately 325 installations 
for the full year. This important category is extremely productive. It serves the current needs of our customers, drives 
traffic into our stores and provides incremental sales across all categories. 

Another key component of our growth strategy is the development of new retail formats and the expansion of our 
geographic reach. Our Deal$ format extends our ability to serve more customers with more categories and increases our 
unit growth potential. Deal$ delivers low prices on the everyday essentials, party goods, seasonal and home product. At 


Deal$ our goal is to surprise and delight our customers on every visit and we're seeing evidence of success. Customers 
are responding favorably to the strategy. Customer awareness of the Deal$ brand is growing and the concept is building 
momentum. 

In the first quarter as in the past several quarters Deal$ traffic, average ticket and average unit retail all continued to 
increase compared with the previous year. Comp store sales in our Deal$ stores have been robust. 

We are encouraged with the growth potential of Deal$ and the opportunity that it provides to serve even more 
customers. We ended the quarter with a total of 186 Deal$ stores across 18 states and we're on track with our growth 
plan for 2012. 

In addition to growing new formats, we have opportunity for growth in new geography. Our expansion into Canada 
continues. We initially entered the Canadian market through the acquisition of Dollar Giant Stores in November of 
2010. 

As you will remember from earlier comments, we intend to operate our Canadian stores on an identical platform to the 
merchandising and productivity systems that support our stores in the U.S. Our primary focus in 2011 was to install 
retail systems, integrate processes, merchandise assortments and store teams, and to lay the foundation for future 
profitable growth in the Canadian market. 

To summarize our progress, to-date we have aligned both the merchandise organization and the merchandise plans. 
We're in the process of rationalizing and cleaning up the non-go-forward merchandise assortment in the stores and 
DCs, replacing Dollar Giant assortments with higher value Dollar Tree merchandise. 

We're solidifying our logistics model in Canada, changing from a model that was heavily vendor direct to store 
delivery, to our U.S. model of supplying most of our merchandise through the distribution centers, of which we have 
two in Canada. 

We have completed the installation and training of store-level POS and enterprise-level merchandising systems in all 
stores, gaining visibility to sales and inventory by store, by SKU, while we are building sales history. These are key 
factors in the management of an efficient supply chain. 

Equally important, we've conducted SKU level inventories in each store and we're beginning to roll out auto 
replenishment of basics and smart allocations of new and seasonal merchandise. 

As we look to the future, the necessary tools and information are coming into place. Just as we have done in the U.S., 
the result will be more efficient store operations an increased level of in-stock of basic products, higher store 
productivity, increased inventory turns, and most importantly improved customer satisfaction. 

We're extremely excited about the opportunity for Dollar Tree Canada. I'm proud of what the team has accomplished so 
far and I know that we have a tremendous opportunity for profitable growth in Canada as we leverage our investments. 

This year, we intend to grow our Canadian store base approximately 25% under the Dollar Tree brand and we're well 
on our way to achieving this goal. We opened eight new stores in the first quarter and ended the quarter with 107 stores 
in Canada. 

As we grow and improve, we believe the Canadian market can support up to 1,000 Dollar Tree stores. This is in 
addition to the 7,000 store potential for Dollar Tree in the United States, plus additional growth in our Deal$ format. 

Before I turn the call over to Kevin, I'd like to give you an update on Dollar Tree Direct, our online business. As most 
of you know Dollar Tree Direct is an additional channel distribution, providing an opportunity to broaden our customer 
base, drive incremental sales, expand the brand, and attract more customers into our stores. 

Dollar Tree Direct now offers more than 2,500 items online. Traffic on the sites grew to 4 million visitors in the first 
quarter, a 19% increase over the first quarter last year. And if you haven't already had the opportunity, I invite you to 
take a look at our sites at dollartree.com, deals-stores.com, dollartreecanada.com, espanol.dollartree.com, or check us 
out on Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, or Pinterest. 


Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Kevin, who will give you more detail on our financial metrics and provide 
guidance. 

Kevin S. Wampler 

Thanks, Bob. As Bob mentioned, our diluted earnings per share increased 22% in the first quarter to $1 per share. The 
increase resulted from our strong sales, a 35% gross profit margin, and a 40 basis point reduction in total SG&A 
expense compared to the first quarter of last year. 

Starting with gross profit, our gross profit margin was 35% during the first quarter consistent with the 35% reported in 
the first quarter last year. We leveraged occupancy and distribution expenses reflecting the 5.6% comp store sales 
growth. This improvement offset the impacts of the continuing shifts in product mix as basic consumable products 
increased by 110 basis points as a percentage of sales in the first quarter. 

In addition, freight expense increased to a small degree relative to sales, as the impact of diesel prices that averaged 
$0.21 per gallon above the same period last year more than offset the savings on ocean freight. Also shrink increased 
slightly as a percent of sales. 

SG&A expenses were 24.1% of sales for the quarter, a 40 basis point improvement from the first quarter last year. This 
was driven primarily by expense leverage across several categories, most notably payroll reflecting improved 
productivity at the field management and store level. In addition, utility cost decreased due to favorable weather 
conditions and trash removal costs were lower. Depreciation expense declined by about 10 basis points, and debit and 
credit card fees declined reflecting the lower legislated rates, which more than offset continued growth in usage of 
these types of tender. 

In the first quarter compared to the first quarter last year, debit card penetration increased 140 basis points, and credit 
card penetration increased 10 basis points. These improvements were partially offset by higher expenses for stock 
compensation and health insurance benefits. 

Operating income increased $26.3 million compared to the first quarter last year and operating margin was 10.9%, an 
increase of 40 basis points compared to the 10.5% operating margin in the first quarter last year. The tax rate for the 
quarter was 38.4%. This compares with a 37.5% tax rate in the first quarter last year, which included the benefits of the 
HIRE Act and Work Opportunity Tax Credit programs both of which expired at the end of last calendar year. 

Looking at the balance sheet and the statement of cash flow, cash and investments at quarter end totaled $382.3 million, 
an increase of $94 million during the quarter. Cash and investments totaled $510.3 million at the end of the first fiscal 
quarter of 2011. 

During the first quarter, we completed our $300 million accelerated share repurchase which was initiated in November 
2011. We also repurchased an additional 49,000 shares of Dollar Tree stock for $4.5 million. As you may remember in 
October 2011, the Board of Directors authorized an additional $1.5 billion for share repurchase. As of quarter end we 
have $1.2 billion remaining in our authorization. We will continue to view share repurchase opportunistically. We will 
update you on additional share repurchases if any at the end of the quarter in which they may occur. At the end of the 
first quarter, the diluted weighted average shares outstanding were 116.4 million. 

Our consolidated inventory at quarter end was 13.5% greater than at the same time last year. While selling square 
footage increased 7.1%. Consolidated inventory per selling square footage cost increased by 5.9%, reflecting an 
increase in goods on the water at the end of the first quarter as we continue to execute our smoothing of inventory flow 
through our logistics network as we have previously discussed and to provide for planned new store growth in the 
second quarter. 

Additionally, our Dollar Tree Canada inventory increased as we transition these stores to a DC delivery model from a 
direct store delivery model beginning in the second quarter of last year. We believe that current inventory levels are 
appropriate for our current sales plan. Also inventory turns increased in the first quarter and we expect continued 


improvement in inventory turns for the full year. 

Capital expenditures were $65.4 million in the first quarter of 2012 versus $58.3 million in the first quarter last year. 
For fiscal year 2012, we are planning consolidated capital expenditures to be in the range of $330 million to $340 
million. Capital expenditures will be focused on new stores and remodels, the addition of frozen and refrigerated 
capability to approximately 325 stores, IT system enhancements, and approximately $80 million towards a new 
distribution center in the Northeast U.S. Total capital investments anticipated for this facility is approximately $95 
million. 

Depreciation and amortization in the first quarter totaled $41.8 million versus $39.3 million in the first quarter last year. 
We expect depreciation expense to be in the range of $170 million to $180 million for the year. 

Our guidance for 2012 includes a couple of assumptions; first, regarding freight. While we are pleased with the results 
of our May 1 ocean freight, contract negotiations, diesel prices have risen since we issued our previous guidance. The 
net effect is that we believe freight costs overall will be somewhat higher that those incorporated in our previous 
guidance. 

Second, as we have previously disclosed, due to the retail calendar 2012 will include 53 weeks and the fourth quarter 
will consist of 14 weeks. This is expected to add $120 million to $130 million of incremental sales and $0.13 to $0.15 
of earnings per diluted share in the fourth quarter and the full year. Third our guidance assumes a tax rate of 38.3% for 
both the second quarter and the full year. 

Weighted average diluted share counts are assumed to be 116.6 million shares for the second quarter and 116.7 million 
shares for the full year. While we still see share repurchase as a good use of cash, our guidance assumes no additional 
share repurchase. 

With this in mind, for the second quarter of 2012, we are forecasting sales in the range of $1.66 billion to $1.70 billion, 
based on a low to mid single digit comparable store sales increase and 7.1% square footage growth. 

Diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $0.87 to $0.93, an increase of 13% to 20.8% over the 
second quarter 2011 earnings per share of $0.77. As a reminder, the second quarter last year included a previously 
disclosed benefit to gross profit from a favorable inventory adjustment, related to immaterial corrections to prior 
periods. 

For the full fiscal year of 2012, we're now forecasting sales in the range of $7.33 billion to $7.46 billion based on a low 
to mid single digit increase in comparable store sales and 7.1% square footage growth. Diluted earnings per share are 
expected to be in the range of $4.74 to $4.94, representing an increase of between 17.6% and 22.6% over our record 
earnings per share of $4.03 in fiscal 2011. 

With that, I'll turn the call back over to Bob. 

Bob Sasser 

Thanks, Kevin. We entered this year with goals to drive more customer traffic, to delight our customers with surprising 
values on merchandise they need and want, to improve our shopping experience and to build market share. I'm pleased 
to report that we are off to a good start towards accomplishing these goals. 

First quarter sales grew 11.5% to a record $1.72 billion driven by increased customer traffic comp store sales increased 
5.6% on top of a 7.1% comp last year. Our inventory is balanced and more productive than ever. Our turns increased 
again in the first quarter and we entered second quarter well prepared for new store growth and customer demand. 

Our operating margin increased by 40 basis points to 10.9%. That's the all-time highest first quarter operating margin in 
our history. Net income grew 15% to $116.1 million, and earnings per share increased by 22% to $1 per share. 


In addition, we opened 110 new stores across the U.S. and Canada and so far the productivity of the new store class has 
been performing ahead of last year. The Deal$ brand is gaining traction; both traffic and average ticket are growing. 
Dollar Tree Direct continues to broaden its reach and we're working to build and expand our Canadian business. 

As I look to the future, I see even more opportunities to grow our business through new Dollar Tree stores, more 
productive stores and category expansion. We're developing new formats and new channels with Deal$ and Dollar Tree 
Direct and we're expanding geographically as Canada provides an opportunity for substantial growth. All of these 
provide a roadmap for sustained, profitable growth ahead. 

We're now ready for your questions so that we can accommodate as many callers as time permits. We ask that you limit 
your questions to two. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We'll go first today to John Zolidis with Buckingham Research Group. 

<Q - John M. Zolidis>: Hi, good morning. Great results. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Thank you, John. Good morning. 

<Q - John M. Zolidis>: I have a question on traffic versus ticket, or two questions rather. So the first question is on the 
traffic which was very impressive, up 5%. Can you talk about some of the factors that may have contributed to that and 
whether the earlier Easter actually clipped some of the traffic? 

And then my second question is on the ticket which was roughly flat during the quarter. You mentioned that the Deal$ 
stores were showing ticket increase perhaps suggesting that's doing slightly better than the core Dollar Tree stores. Can 
you talk about the difference that might be going on in Deal$ versus Dollar Tree? And then also with the cooler rollout, 
does that contribute more to traffic gains or more to ticket gains? Thank you. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Well, John, the cooler rollout contributes more to – has been recently contributing more to traffic 
gains. It's a faster turning product. It's a product category that people buy more frequently. One of the reasons we like it 
so much is that it does give us; first of all, it build the customer need. They are responding very favorable – favorably 
to it, but it gives the customer come to us more often and more footsteps in the store, gives us the ability to showcase 
our seasonal product and all the variety of merchandise that we do so well and it's so important to our continued 
profitability. I mentioned that our consumer products are growing. Our variety sales are also growing. The consumer 
products are growing generally by category at a faster pace than the variety, but they are both growing very nicely. So 
the traffic increase of 5.4%, I view as a terrific metric. We're gaining more customers all the time. When they are in the 
stores, they are buying a broad – they are buying the assortment that we have to offer, and by the way I think they are 
coming back more frequently. I know they are because of things like frozen and refrigerated foods, because of our 
health and beauty care items that we sell, because of our household products that we sell. So it was a very healthy first 
quarter. 

It was a little, to your point – the flow was a little different because it always is when you have an earlier Easter. Easter 
was April 8 this year, two weeks earlier. So we had terrific February, we had a terrific March, leading up into that 
Easter April 8. And then as we thought, we were up against Easter for two weeks the year before, and as we planned, 
the sales fell back after – those two weeks after Easter this year. But all in all, we had a terrific first quarter, 5.6%, most 
of it being driven by traffic. 

<Q - John M. Zolidis>: Thank you. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Thanks. 


Operator 

We'll take our next question from Matt Boss with JPMorgan. 

<Q - Matt R. Boss>: Hey, good morning. Can you speak to initial markup in the first quarter and your expectations for 
the second half of the year? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Initial markup was up in the first quarter. It's – when you talk about initial markup, it's all about the 

– talking about just the initial markup by category, we have a really strong handle around that. The mix of products that 
we sell is really the thing that drives the – any variation in our gross profit or most of the variation in our gross profit. 
So we've got – we've just come back from a trip in April. Our buyers have been as they always are in April in China 
and in Asia sourcing for the next spring and the next Valentine's Day, the next Easter product and I can tell you that our 
future has never been brighter. The markup from that trip was -- we hit our target markup, our buyers are saying that 
they're not seeing any signs of pricing pressure. Basically, pricing would be characterized on this past trip as stable or 
maybe even better depending on the category. So our initial markup, we feel very confident about being able to manage 
that part of our business, always have had. 
<Q - Matt R. Boss>: Great. And then your same store sales accelerated on a two and a three-year basis in the first 
quarter. As we look to the early start of 2Q, have you seen the favorable trends continue? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Well, we don't – it's only 2.5 weeks into Q2 and we certainly don't announce weekly sales, but I'll 
give you, the color is that we started off Q2 very well. We had a really nice Mother's Day holiday and there is nothing 
that has begun in Q2 that would give me any pause over the guidance that we just gave. We're just – we're off to a great 
start in Q2. 

<Q - Matt R. Boss>: Great. And real quick on Canada, I learned that Fields, a dollar store operator in Western Canada, 
was closing a bunch of stores. Could this be additional opportunity for you guys in the region? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Yeah, we look at all opportunities, but that's probably a very small opportunity, and -- we were 
aware of that by the way. 

<Q - Matt R. Boss>: Great, sounds good. Thanks. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Adrianne Shapira with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Adrianne T. Shapira>: Thank you. Kevin, you have mentioned, it sound like diesel price is up a little bit and 
freight cost a little bit higher than your original expectations for the year. Kind of help us think about what that means 
for margins as we think through the remainder of the year? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Yeah. So, obviously, we've taken into consideration where the pricing is today, and our go 
forward guidance is a little higher than what we had had in our guidance when we gave it back at – back in late 
February. As we've always said, diesel prices being – $0.10 of increase in diesel price will be about $0.08, so if diesel 
is up $0.10 for – or excuse me, $0.10 for a full year, it equates to about $0.08 of earnings at the end of the day. So – or 
excuse me, $1 does, so $0.10 is just a piece of that, I'm sorry, I misspoke there, $1 increase in diesel is about $0.08 for 
the year, so it's a tenth of that. 

So it's very small in the overall scheme of things right now, but obviously, the marketplace has been very choppy to say 
the least, you know, if you look at it in the sense of the way it's been up and down. So, our crystal ball isn't any better 
than anybody else's realistically that, so we've tried to take the position of expecting it to stay in the area of where it's 
at. 

<Q - Adrianne T. Shapira>: Okay. That's helpful. And then Bob, I'm just wondering, as you – you have such a good 
pulse on your consumer, I'm just wondering as you talk about the traffic and ticket, I guess, this is now the second 


quarter in a row where most of the comp was driven by traffic as opposed to the first three quarters of last year was – 
you definitely saw ticket being a lever as that was helping drive comps. How do you think about this in terms of what 
does this tell you about the consumer out there in terms of how cautious they are with their spending, what if anything 
does that mean when you see traffic start to be the predominant driver of comps, as you kind of think through the rest 
of the year? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Well, Adrianne, I think, it means that we're getting new customers, and they're coming from all 
walks of life, all demographics, and we're getting new customers. So, more traffic in our stores from new customers. 
Our mix of product that we've evolved to because of customer demand is more of the things that are purchased more 
often. So, existing customers are shopping us also more frequently. 

The price is still $1. So when you talk about the average ticket that sometimes has been a little stubborn. I view the 
traffic increases though as increase in market share. I view it as more customers finding us every day, and our goal in 
the stores now is when we get these new customers in to really, really show them a shopping experience, and that starts 
with all the fun things that we do at the front of the store with our variety merchandise and our seasonal, and at the 
same time in-stock and in-business on what they came to shop for. 

We are better in-stock today on basic needed product than we have ever been, when they spend their $1 on their fuel or 
$4 sometimes on their gasoline, and they come to our stores, we want to make sure that we give them what they need. 
So, there is really a concentrated effort on in-stock on basics, running great stores, fun stores, friendly stores and we are 
working on improving the average ticket all the time. And I think some of the initiatives that we have in place, driving 
impulse sales on our front end, drive items at our checkout, the items of the week, all the things when you walk into the 
store we're really challenging our customers to add one more item to their basket, and I see that as just an opportunity. 
If we get the customer traffic in the store, I believe we can then drive some of that average ticket up. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We'll go next today to Charles Grom from Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Chuck P. Grom>: Thanks, good morning everybody. Kevin, it has been a long time since inventory outpaced 
your sales growth. And I was wondering if you could maybe quantify for us how much of that inventory increase was 
the goods on the water and was the Canadian stores, and you did open up more stores in the quarter than we were 
modeling, and I am wondering how many of those were towards the tail-end that may have added a little bit more 
inventory, while not getting the benefit from sales? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Sure. So, in regards to the various points that we raised in the sense of goods on the water, 
we've talked a lot about smoothing of inventory flow through our network over the last couple of years, and the benefits 
it brings to the entire organization. It all starts with the buy and the scheduled shipment. And, so we've obviously 
continued to shift some things around. 

From an overall perspective, if we look at these – the things with goods on the water, which is a large portion of the 
increase, Canada was a little less than the goods on the water at the end of the day. The other thing I would mention is 
that another factor potentially that really relates to this is our shift in mix of product. So you've got to remember, we are 
reporting inventory at cost. And so, part of the increase relates to that shift in the mix as our business has continued to 
have more consumable business. That difference at retail is really a much smaller increase year-over-year, so that's a 
point of it as well. 

And then I think the other thing to remember is, this is just a point in time disclosure and we have many ebbs and flows 
in any given year when we have – when we're moving over 250 million cartons of goods around the world. So, we look 
at that, but we feel very good. New stores, we've got – we did do more new stores. I think we did about 83 new stores 
last year in Q1, 110 this year, so we do have more new stores. We have plenty of stores opening in Q2 as well, so there 
is a function of that as well. But I would tell you, the largest piece is the goods on the water and our Dollar Tree 
Canada at the end. 


<Q - Chuck P. Grom>: Okay. And then just I guess my follow-up would be like, if that's the case, what would you 
expect the inventory to look like in the 90 days from that at the end of the second quarter? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: I think, it could look – my guess is it will potentially come down a little bit, but I would tell 
you the Canadian process really – didn't really get started until Q2 last year, so that's likely to continue to be an increase 
year-over-year for Q2. And again, the others if it is ebbs and flows. You don't know exactly when goods are going to 
get on the water. We have some shipping windows and some things like that, but there is always ebbs and flows to that, 
but it's possible it will come down a little bit. 

<Q - Chuck P. Grom>: All right. Great. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

We will go next to Joseph Parkhill with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Joseph Parkhill>: Hi, good morning. I was wondering if you could just comment quickly from the balance sheet 
perspective, I noticed the term loan moved to short-term debt, and the lack of share repurchases this quarter, is that a 
signal that you're going to repay the debt, and not renew it or what's your thoughts on that? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Well, obviously, our current credit facility expires in February of 2013. So, the term loan is 
now less than a year to maturity, so it automatically moves from long-term to current liability on the balance sheet. 
Obviously, we will look to renew that at some point within the year and prior to expiration. We believe it make sense to 
have a line of credit available, and even though we've traditionally had cash on the balance sheet. So that will be a 
process that we will go through and once that happens, we'll obviously announce that and get that out to everybody, but 
that will be a normal process we will go through. 

<Q - Joseph Parkhill>: Okay. And, then just on the CapEx side as well, over the last two years, you've had a little bit 
more elevated as you've built out more distribution centers. Is there a run rate as to how frequently you'll need new 
distribution centers in the future and how you think about CapEx on a ongoing – a longer term basis? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Well, I think as we look our distribution centers, they – some of these buildings, we're just now 
adding larger second shifts and third shifts too. So, we continue to work more efficiency into the network and so that 
plays a role in being able to offset the need for an additional distribution center. We get – obviously, we've been 
building a lot of stores in the Northeast the last few years; they tend to be very high volume stores and so the Northeast 
makes sense. So, we need to get a new distribution center in that area. Part of it depends on growth, part of it depends 
upon – again smoothing of inventory is another way that we can gain efficiencies within our network and so we 
continue to look at that. I think, again, size plays a part in it. So, when we look at a new distribution center, we always 
look at size versus stem miles because obviously a bigger building, you can serve more stores. But, are your stem miles 
going to be efficient for you in the long term? So, there is a lot of different factors that go into it. And, then part of it is 
just regionalization. Sometimes we grow stronger in certain areas of the country; that can create needs maybe prior than 
it would other areas. So, all those things go into consideration. The typical building, we have buildings that probably 
service 300, 400 stores, and we have some buildings that service closer to 800 stores. So that gives you an idea that 400 
to 800 range is a general range of stores being serviced by a building, gives you an idea based on growth what maybe 
the cadence at the end of the day so that you could potentially need one every three to four years. 

<Q - Joseph Parkhill>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Dan Wewer with Raymond James. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: Hi. Good morning, Bob. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Good morning. How are you? 


<Q - Dan Wewer>: Good, real good. I had a question. How important are carbonated beverages for Dollar Tree in 
driving traffic? And, the reason I'm asking, obviously, is with Family Dollar adding Pepsi products and we're 
anticipating some pretty hot pricing for Pepsi products over the Memorial Day weekend from Family Dollar and I 
believe with Dollar Tree that the size of your Coke bottles are a little bit smaller than they were in the past. I was just 
curious as to how that could impact Dollar Tree. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Well, carbonated beverages are very important to us as at Dollar Tree. It's a big – huge business. 
We sell a private brand or a controlled label. We sell a lot of it. We also help sell the single-serve Coke and Pepsi 
products at the fronts of our store. We are very pleased with our Pepsi, Coke sales. We think we offer for a buck the 
best value in the market. Now, you may find somebody running promotions here and there and trying to drive some 
sales on that. For us, it's more of an impulse. We get customers in the store. We have them in the refrigerated cases at 
the front of the store. Its' a buck – it's a big bottle of Pepsi and it's a great value on Coke. And – so I don't know if I 
answered your question well, but we really don't see other people's Memorial Day promotions as really threatening that 
business. That's more of an impulse category for us. It is a big one, but it's not something that – it's not a destination. 
Let's go to blank store and buy our 12-pack or 24-pack of Coke or Pepsi. That's not how we use it. It's basically – at our 
price point, it's an impulse buy. And, we're doing – we like both those guys and we do a lot of business with both of 
them. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: Yeah. And, my other question; how – what is your view on long-term gross margin opportunities 
for Dollar Tree? I recognize that every year your initial markups improve. It sounds like your ocean freight contract for 
the next 12 months is favorable, but on the other – and then further, you always tell us that you don't want to become 
another small box grocery store. But, at the same time, this consumable mix continues to grow every year, just as it 
does for Dollar G – Dollar General and Family Dollar. So, are you thinking that gross margin rate is not really an 
opportunity; instead, where the opportunity is on the gross profit dollars, just driving higher volumes with more of a 
flat long-term margin rate outlook? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Dan, we look at both of them. And, if you look back at our history, it's really – I think it's 
remarkable. I use the word remarkable, but we've always said that we were in control of our margins, and when pricing 
was favorable, we would maybe take some into margin, but we're just as likely to put more value into the product and 
drive more top-line. Also, over the past several years, we have been responding to consumer needs and selling more of 
the things they need and building bigger stores and all that. But, if you look back at the last 10 years of our history, it 
really is a remarkably tight range that our gross profit has performed at. If you look back at the last 10 years, now first 
quarter we were 35% gross profit this year. Last year we were 35%. If you look back at the last 10 years, the high was 
35.6% and the low was 33.4% in 2006, with the average being about 34.6%. So, we're just a little higher – just short of 
the high range of our gross profit percent. But, over 10 years, as you think about the changes in diesel fuel prices and 
you think about the changes in cost of goods, ups and downs, and the mix changes and the larger stores and the more 
consumable products that we've added and we still manage that gross profit number in just a very tight range. And, if 
you look at our operating margin, we're just doing that; we just posted the highest operating margin percent in the 
history of the company at 10.9%. So, I believe strongly that we're going to be able to manage our gross profit percent 
going forward. Could you jump out there and make one year higher? Probably, but our strategy really is more along the 
line of offering the most value to the customer for $1 and to deliver the margin that we need to for our shareholders. So, 
in doing that, if you look at that 35% range, maybe a few higher, maybe it will lower but it's – that's where we're 
managing the value of the offering to the customer. That drives top-line growth and when we drive top-line growth, we 
can leverage our SG&A and all the other fixed costs. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: Right. Okay, I think understand what you are saying. Thank you. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets. 


<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: Good morning, guys. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Good morning. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: What is the best way to think about SG&A growth and SG&A per store growth? Is there a right 
way to think about it because there is maybe a little bit more volatility to that line item than I would have expected 
given how consistent the sales trends have really been? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Scot, as we walked through the various positives and helps and hurts for the quarter on our SG&A, 
I don't – I know sometimes we don't look at it as SG&A dollars by square foot or anything like that. We're basically 
looking at as running our business, trying to be as efficient as possible, continuing to try to drive costs out of the 
business as appropriate. So, those are the kind of things that we think about. And so, you're going to have some ebbs 
and flows basically on all those things at the end of the day. We look at it as are we continuing to leverage it as a 
percent of sales, are we continuing to be able to push down those costs and gain efficiencies within our business, and I 
think that's what we always look at and drive towards. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: Okay, thanks. And, then it's a little bit of a sidebar, but can you guys talk – you guys are starting 
to experiment with selling prescription drugs and I guess it's the Deal$ chain. Can you talk about that at all? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Well, there is not a lot to talk about, but we do have one store in Florida, in the South Florida area, 
a Deal$ store that we have partnered with a third party and we have a pharmacy. And, it's been a very short period of 
time and it's one store. We may try it in another store too but it's clearly in the test mode and it's so early I really don't 
have anything to report other than we're – again we're always about trying new things and pushing the envelope on 
what we can offer to our customers and what they want and so that falls into that category. But, right now, it's one store 
for just a very short period of time and I really don't have anything to – I'd tell you but I don't have anything much to 
report. 

Operator 

We will take our next question from Peter Keith with Piper Jaffray. 

<Q - Peter J. Keith>: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Nice quarter. I want to ask a follow-up question on IMU. I know, 
in the past you've highlighted that the lift you got from initial markup was often sufficient enough to offset the negative 
drag from mix, and then you'd correspondingly get some benefit from occupancy leverage. Are you still in a position 
right now where that benefit from IMU is offsetting the mix drag on gross margin? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: No. I can only speak to it from the standpoint of pointing to the operating margin, and remember 
our price is still $1. Other than our Deal$ stores our price is still $1. So our markup on what we sell for $1 by category 
is favorable. When you start selling more of the consumer product, the mix does drive – put pressure on the gross 
margin, but then we get the leverage on the fixed costs. So, it really is about driving the most value possible to the 
customer at the $1 price point and delivering that improved operating margin. 10.9%, again I'll keep – I've said it three 
times, we're really proud of that, it's the highest first quarter operating margin we've ever had, and that's – by the way 
that's the highest first quarter penetration of the consumer products that we've had. 

So, it's – you can do both. It's not just markup, and it's not just top line, it's really both together that provides the quality 
of earnings that we're after. Plus in this time and age that we're in, our customers want, we serve our customers, we're 
going to sell them what they need, what they want, and I'll just say this too as the economy improves, this has been a 
trend for several years. This isn't just a first quarter trend, but as the economy improves we are going to do very well 
also because we do have a terrific mix of variety merchandise at higher margins and it will be the same thought 
process, but it's just a little bit different calculation as we drive more variety sales to the mix of consumer products. 

So that's the secret formula. It's not really that secret, but the initial markup is important. Top line growth is important, 
and how we manage our costs and our fixed cost, as well as our variable cost is how we get to the bottom line. 


<Q - Peter J. Keith>: Okay, thank you. I guess just talking about one of your sales drivers. You are clearly 
enthusiastic about the coolers and the freezers. I guess I am curious on why you may not be accelerating that rollout. As 
you stand here today, you only have those in about 50% of the stores, and it seems like the rollout is only keeping pace 
with store growth. Why not kick that up a bunch, maybe even double it for the next couple of years? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Well, we do what we think is the proper amount of installations. We are in some locations restricted 
by our leases, and there are some locations – we can't do it in some places. There are some locations that the 
demographics aren't as favorable, believe it or not, I mean, there are some places where we've installed and it hasn't 
done as well as it has in other places. So, we've learned where the best demographics are. 

There are store size implications, as you get below that 9,000 or 8,000 square foot store, especially, you begin to pinch 
the assortment and you really don't have the room either on the sales floor for it or in the back room for it. So, there are 
some natural limitations to that. We are installing them in new stores that we opened if they fit our model. If it fits, the 
model of that new store with demographics and the size and the volume and the delivery availability, so we are putting 
them into new stores, and we think we are going at the proper rate. 

We do like it. You are exactly right. The stores where we have frozen and refrigerated, sales per square foot are higher. 
And those are usually our largest stores, the average store size in those stores are larger. Our average sales in those 
stores are higher and our cash contribution margin – our cash contribution is higher in those stores. So, we like 
everything about the frozen and refrigeration. It just has some limitations, natural limitations, and then as we – there are 
some limitations as we roll it out based on store size and the delivery. We've built this delivery model over time too. 
So, part and parcel to being able to do it from a restriction standpoint is by the way, can you efficiently deliver the 
product to the store and make a few bucks doing it? 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, we do have time for a couple more questions. With that we will go next to Matt Nemer with 
Wells Fargo Securities. 

<Q - Matt Nemer>: Thanks, good morning. I noticed that home products speed out food, snacks and beverage as the 
top performing category in the quarter. Is this switch something that should have been more apparent in the gross 
margin or is there not really that much variance year-over-year? And then secondly, could you just talk to the slight 
increase in shrink that you mentioned in your prepared remarks? Thanks. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: The mix, Matt, home products is one that we've really been staking our claim to over the past 
several years and it continues to grow. Now, there is a mix. When you talk about home products, from a margin 
standpoint it's a little bit above. You've got home products in regard to household cleaning supplies and paper towels 
and bath tissue that are high, fast turning and lower margin, and then you've got home products like some of the 
tabletop merchandise, the placemats, the dishcloths and the flatware, and those type products that are higher margin 
variety products. 

So you've got a little bit of both in that home product category. It's a huge category for us. It's one that we think that we 
want to stake a claim to, because it appeals to the broad Middle America, and it's one that we think we can do well at 
the – not only at the $1 price point, but also in our Deal$ stores, we think it is an important category. So that's really the 
story there. As it appeals to our customers it's important and it brings in footsteps with a part of the mix and it makes a 
lot of money with the others, so... 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: And Matt, in regards to shrink, we did mention that it was up slightly, and it was just 
slightly, but over the last two years we've been at a level that was a record low level for us. And so obviously, it's 
something that we are keeping our eye on and our field teams and our loss prevention teams are very focused on. But 
again it's early in the year. We're only about a little over 30% reconciled our inventory for this year of our stores, so we 
have a good opportunity to continue to bring that back into line, but for Q1 it was up just slightly. 

<Q - Matt Nemer>: Thanks so much. 


Operator 

We'll go next to Dan Binder with Jefferies. 

<Q - Daniel T. Binder>: Hi. It's Dan Binder, good morning. I had a question regarding the events and what's new in 
this coming quarter versus last year, whether it's Dollar Day events or anything else that might be incremental 
year-over-year, that you can give us color on? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: I can give you some color Matt (sic) [Dan] on where we are right now. We are past Mother's Day 
and full-blown into graduation sales with graduation balloons and parties and all that goes with that. If you look in our 
Dollar Tree stores upfront, you're going to see a really terrific assortment of summer items for summer fun. You got 
water blasters for $1, 26-inch water blasters, we have a new item, we have done well with our solar stakes for only $1. 
Can you believe that, you buy solar stakes and for the Memorial Day through the 4th of July time period, we've got 
some that have the red, white, and blue on them. So, you can be patriotic and light up your sidewalk all at the same 
time. 

Of course, with this time of the year, a lot of things around Memorial Day with glow sticks and barbeque items, and 
paper goods and paper plates and water, we've got terrific values on our beverage. So, it's all about summer fun and 
pools, and going to the beach and having fun right now at Dollar Tree. And if you haven't been in our stores lately, you 
should probably stop by. 

In our Deal$ stores, in addition to all the summer fun we're also selling fans for example. You can't sell an electric fan 
at Dollar Tree for $1, but you can in our Deal$ stores. And we are having terrific success with stand fans and other 
kinds of electric fans and as soon as the weather really turns hot, I expect that business to pop in our Deal$ stores. Right 
now, we're again selling 24 packs of water and little coolers and beach bags and all the things in Deal$ for going to the 
beach or having fun in the summer time or picnics or that type of thing. 

So, that's what's going on right now. There is always something new at Dollar Tree. We'll come out of the summer. 
We'll go into back-to-school as usual and I'm not going to give you all our secrets right now, but I can tell you 
back-to-school this year will be the best ever. It just will, we're excited about that, and of course after back-to-school 
you're right back into the fall and Halloween and getting into the holiday season again. 

Operator 

We'll take our final question today from David Mann with Johnson Rice. 

<Q - David M. Mann>: Yes, thank you. In terms of Dollar Giant, can you talk a little bit about the sales trends there? I 
know you talked last year that you had some headwinds from the transition. And then also can you talk about anything 
you've gleaned from the inventory and sales data in terms of how you are going to change – how you think you'll 
change the assortments in certain categories? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Yeah. As you can imagine, sales are under pressure. We are going through – now that we know 
what we're selling and we know what our inventory is by SKU, by store, we are going through and rationalizing these 
assortments and you always – you're trying to get rid of some of the existing products, you're selling down on that and 
in the meantime there is little void between getting rid of the old and getting in the new. All stores don't sell them at the 
same rate. We're getting it in stock in the DCs, we are delivering, changing the delivery model so that we can get it 
from a source to DC to store more efficiently up there and we're excited about what's going there. We just started relays 
in six of our stores up there to really change the flow of the product to more like a – and change the name of the stores 
to Dollar Tree from Dollar Giant. 

So, what you're seeing right now it's just a lot of activity around building the store teams, about building the 
merchandise assortment, getting rid of some of the old, replacing it with higher value merchandise from our Dollar 


Tree assortment, not that wasn't great value before, but with our buying power, we are able to provide even more value 
for a $1 in a quarter in our Dollar Giant stores. So you get a headwind to sales right now. 

Margin is probably neutral; margin rate is probably neutral and a headwind on SG&A because we're investing in the 
business. We are doing store relays. We're investing in all the things to put the infrastructure in place so that we can 
provide the platform for future profitable growth. Just to look at the cadence, we expect headwinds all first half in our 
Canada business. We expect it to get better in the second half. I can't quantify it, but I can tell you that first half is 
planned to be a lot of bottom activity, a lot of investment and time and effort and getting the stores and the merchandise 
assortments right and then showing some improvement in the second half. 

<Q - David M. Mann>: Thank you. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Welcome. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our question-and-answer session. Mr. Reid, I'll turn it back to you for closing 
remarks. 

Timothy J. Reid 

Thank you, Debbie. Thanks to all of you for participating in this call, particularly for your interest in Dollar Tree and of 
course thank you for your investment in Dollar Tree. Our next sales and earnings release and conference call are 
scheduled for Thursday, August 16, 2012. Thank you. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's conference. Have a wonderful rest 
of your day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2012, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


