Q2 2015 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Randy Guiler, Vice President, Investor Relations 
• Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 
• Kevin S. Wampler, Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Paul Trussell, Analyst 
• Scot Ciccarelli, Analyst 
• Vincent Sinisi, Analyst 
• Dan Wewer, Analyst 
• Matt Nemer, Analyst 
• Joan Storms, Analyst 
• Meredith Adler, Analyst 
Presentation 

Operator 

Good day and welcome to the Dollar Tree's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being 
recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Randy Guiler. Please go ahead. 

Randy Guiler, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thank you, Marquita. Good morning and welcome to our conference call to discuss Dollar Tree's performance for the 
second quarter of fiscal 2014. Our call today will be led by our Chief Executive Officer, Bob Sasser, who will share 
insights on our second quarter performance and an update on our business initiatives; Kevin Wampler, our Chief 
Financial Officer will then provide a more detailed review of the second quarter financial performance and details 
related to our outlook for the remainder of 2014. 

Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that various remarks that will be made about future expectations, 
plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for the purposes of the Safe Harbor 
provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those 
indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, included in our most recent press 
release, most recent current report on Form 8-K, quarterly report on Form 10-Q, and annual report on Form 10-K, 
which are on file with the SEC. We have no obligation to update our forward-looking statements and you should not 
expect us to do so. 

On July 28, 2014 Dollar Tree announced it had entered into a definitive merger agreement to acquire Family Dollar 
Stores. The transaction is expected to close by early 2015. In the second quarter of 2014, Dollar Tree incurred 
approximately $7.5 million in acquisition related cost. Unless otherwise noted our margin, net income and earnings 
comparisons presented today exclude the impact of the Family Dollar acquisition related costs for the second quarter 
and year-to-date. 


The purpose of this call today is to discuss Dollar Tree's earnings for its second fiscal quarter. As mentioned Dollar 
Tree and Family Dollar have a definitive merger agreement. We are continuing to work on the proposed transaction. 
You have likely seen Dollar General's public letter from yesterday and Family Dollar's response this morning. Bob will 
have a very brief statement on that, but we want to focus on Dollar Tree's earnings this morning and we do not intend 
to make any further comment at this time, neither in the Q&A session following our prepared remarks nor in follow-up 
calls. Thank you in advance for respecting our position. I ask that you please limit your questions to one and one 
follow-up question, if necessary. 

Now, I will turn the call over to Bob Sasser, Dollar Tree's Chief Executive Officer. 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Randy, and good morning everyone. This morning, we announced Dollar Tree's results for the second quarter 
2014. Comp store sales on a constant currency basis increased 4.5% in the quarter, driven by both increases in traffic 
and average ticket. Adjusted for the impact of Canadian currency fluctuations, the comparable store sales increase was 
4.4%. This was on top of a 3.7% comp in the second quarter of last year and a 4.5% comp the year before. 

Total sales grew 9.5% to just over $2.03 billion. Operating income increased by $11.2 million or 5.6% and operating 
margin for the quarter was 10.5%. Net income excluding acquisition costs increased to $126.1 million. And adjusted 
earnings per share increased 8.9% to $0.61 compared with second quarter 2013 earnings of $0.56 per share. 

For the first half of 2014 compared to the prior year, total sales were $4.03 billion, an increase of 8.4% compared to the 
first half of 2013 and comp store sales increased 3.1% for the half. Earnings per share were $1.28, an increase of 11.3% 
compared with $1.15 per share in the first half last year. Operating income increased by $26.6 million to $212.5 
million. Operating margin was 11.0%. And net income rose $6.1 million to $264.3 million. 

I'm very pleased with second quarter performance with customers under continued pressure. Our plan at Dollar Tree is 
to be a part of the solution to help them balance their budgets by offering higher values on more of the things they need 
every day and higher values on the things they want. We intend to serve our existing customers better, while taking 
every opportunity to claim new customers and gain market share as we demonstrate that Dollar Tree is a convenient 
and fun place to shop. 

At Dollar Tree, yes, you can afford it. Our merchants continue to deliver products that exceed customers' expectations. 
Our values are higher than ever and our price is always one dollar and every Dollar Tree store every day. Our sales 
initiatives are producing results. Sales growth in the second quarter was a result of strong performance across the store 
in both our basic consumable and discretionary products. Top performing categories included pet supplies, hardware, 
household products, food, electronics and party. 

Sales strengthened throughout the quarter with our strongest comps in period 6 July. And the momentum continues. 
We're pleased with the initial sales trends we've seen in the third quarter. Performance in the second quarter was 
relatively consistent across the country and all zones achieved positive comp store sales. The highest comps were in our 
Southern zones. 

Looking forward, we are positioned for continued relevance to the customer, sustained growth and increased 
profitability. We have room to grow and the ability to grow in many different ways. We plan to continue growth by 
opening more stores, by increasing the productivity of all our stores and by developing new formats, new markets and 
new channels as growth vehicles. 

During the second quarter, we opened 90 new stores, and we relocated and expanded 20 existing stores for a total of 
110 projects. Total square footage increased 6.8%. We ended the quarter with 5,166 stores. While our opening cadence 
is a bit later this year, we're on track to achieve our opening plan for the full year, which includes 375 new stores and 
75 relocations and expansions for a total of 450 projects across the US and Canada. As a reminder square footage for 
the full year is planned to increase 7% over fiscal 2013. 


In addition to opening more stores, we continue to execute our strategy to increase productivity in all stores. As 
discussed in prior quarters, our sales and productivity initiatives include category expansions. Our customers are 
finding more value as we continue to rationalize and expand assortments and pet supplies, hardware, health, beauty and 
eyewear as well as home and household products. Across the chain customers are seeing more powerful seasonal and 
party presentations that create excitement and a fun shopping experience. Our seasonal assortments are creating 
merchandised energy with our store fronts changing with the seasons. We want to own the seasons at the $1 price point. 

Store associates are working to provide a more effective customer engagement throughout the store and especially at 
the front end to drive impulse and related items sales through cross-merchandising and suggestive selling. Our stores 
are keenly focused on providing value and a shopping experience that exceeds the expectations of every customer in 
every store, every day. 

Merchants and stores continue to focus on being first to the month ready with an increased emphasis on not just core 
[ph] but chunky displays of basic consumable core items at the first of the month, when more customers are shopping 
for their basic needs. We've reintroduced our see what $20 buys along with our stretch your dollar campaigns through 
in-store promotions, signing and digital media, and we're pleased with the consumer response it right for the times. And 
to satisfy basic needs and to drive increased shopping frequency, we continue to expand our frozen and refrigerated 
category. 

In the second quarter, we installed freezers and coolers in 141 additional stores. We now offer frozen and refrigerated 
product in 3,410 stores with plans to continue growing, while this category is lower margin the product serves the 
needs of our customers, it's fast returning, more frequently purchased and the increase in shopping frequency provides 
the opportunity to drive sales across all categories including higher margin discretionary product. 

In addition to our Dollar Tree stores a key component of our growth strategy is the continued expansion of our portfolio 
of brands including Deals and Dollar Tree Canada. Our Deals brand extends our ability to serve more customers with 
more categories and increases our overall unit growth potential. Deal stores deliver low prices on everyday essentials, 
party goods, seasonal and home product. 

The stores operate using a multiple price point strategy. They offer a higher consumable mix than our Dollar Tree 
stores and they produce a higher average ticket. By lifting the restriction of the $1 price point at Deals, we're able to 
serve more customers with more products and value prices every day. We ended the second quarter with the total of 
216 Deals stores. 

Our Dollar Tree Canada brand expansion continues. We opened 7 new Dollar Tree Canada stores, ending the quarter 
with 196 Canadian stores and we're on pace to meet our expansion plans for the year. Leveraging the buying power of 
Dollar Tree, our merchants are sourcing higher value product and our Canadian customers are finding broader more 
exciting assortments and better values in the stores. We continue to see enormous potential for growth in Canada. 

As we grow and improve we believe the Canadian market will support up to 1,000 stores. This is in addition to the 
7,000 store potential for Dollar Tree in the United States, plus additional growth in our Deals brand. Our goal is to be 
recognized by customers as the leading retailer in Canada at the single price point of 1.25 [ph] just as we are in the US 
at the $1 price point. 

In addition to Dollar Tree, Deals and Dollar Tree Canada, our online business at Dollar Tree Direct is growing in size 
and performance. Dollar Tree Direct provides an opportunity to broaden our customer base, drive incremental sales, 
expand brand awareness and attract more customers into our stores. In the second quarter, we launched a newly created 
section on our website called Xtreme Values & New Arivals. This provides online customers the opportunity to 
efficiently shop for amazing bonus buys, fantastic deals on manufacturers closeouts and exciting new arrivals. We 
continue to see growth in customer outreach through social media. A few examples include our loyalty club, the value 
seekers club, which has grown 120% over the past 12 months. Our email database has grown more than 130% over the 
past year to more than 1.3 million subscribers. And we now have more than 1.2 million followers on Facebook. Social 
media provides a tremendous opportunity to communicate with our customers about exciting events and great products 
both in our stores and online. 


Lastly, as always our practice has been to build infrastructure to support growth ahead of the need. Earlier this year, we 
broke ground on a 250,000 square feet expansion of our Joliet distribution center. The expansion will bring the total 
size of the facility to 1,450,000 square feet and will include a second sorter to the existing material handling system to 
enhance capacity and efficiency. The project is on schedule for completion by year-end. 

Before turning the call over to Kevin, who will give you more detail on our financial metrics and provide guidance, I 
will comment very briefly on Family Dollar. As you know, we have a definitive agreement with Family Dollar and we 
are committed to the transaction. We believe that we are offering Family Dollar shareholders compelling a median and 
certain value for their investment and the opportunity to participate in the upside potential of the merger. We will of 
course be watching these new developments closely. We look forward to completing our transaction as soon as 
possible. 

With that, I will turn the call over to Kevin. 

Kevin S. Wampler, Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Bob. As Bob mentioned, our adjusted earnings per diluted share increased 8.9% in the second quarter to $0.61 
per share. We're very pleased with our comp sales performance, which accelerated throughout the quarter. Starting with 
gross profit, our gross profit margin was 34.2% during the second quarter, compared with 35% in the prior year second 
quarter, a change of 80 basis points. The majority of the decrease was a combination of the increased freight and 
merchandise mix. Freight expense increased by nearly 40 basis points, reflecting higher trucking rates related to driver 
shortages. 

Merchandise mix negatively impacted margin, which declined by approximately 30 basis points. As Bob mentioned, 
we've made strategic decision to expand assortment, focused on providing greater value to our customers. Distribution 
expenses increased nearly 10 basis points, primarily driven by the expense associated with our new distribution center 
in Windsor, Connecticut. This facility opened in June of last year, we should annualize the year-on-year expense 
impact of this additional facility in the second half. Excluding acquisition-related costs, SG&A expenses were 23.7% of 
sales for the quarter compared with 24.1% in the second quarter of last year. 

Payroll related expenses drove the majority of the improvement, representing 30 basis points. As we have lower 
expense as a percent of sales for insurance benefits, payroll incentive compensation and payroll taxes. Adjusted 
operating income increased $11.2 million compared to the second quarter last year and adjusted operating margin 
decreased 40 basis points to 10.5% when compared to the second quarter last year. The tax rate for the second quarter 
was 38.2% compared to 37.9% in the second quarter last year. The increase in the tax rate is due to lower workers 
opportunities tax credits in the current year is only from the expiration of certain tax provisions. 

Looking at the balance sheet and the statement of cash flows, cash and investments at quarter end totaled $467.7 
million, compared with $413.7 million at the end of the second quarter of 2013. As you may recall in September of 
2013, our Board authorized a $2 billion share repurchase program. Under this authorization, the company invested $1 
billion for share repurchases to an accelerated share repurchase program that was launched on September 17. The ASR 
was funded by $250 million of available cash and $750 million from the private placement of senior notes completed in 
September. 

During the second quarter on May 15, the company received 1.2 million shares, completing the ASR. Altogether, the 
company received a total of 18.1 million shares under the $1 billion accelerated share repurchase program. The 
company has $1 billion remaining on its share repurchase authorization. The company did not repurchase shares during 
the second quarter. And the diluted weighted average shares outstanding for the second quarter were 206.6 million. 

Our consolidated inventory at quarter end was 6.5% greater than at the same time last year while selling square footage 
increased 6.8%. Consolidated inventory per selling square foot decreased 0.3%. Our inventory turn increased in the 
second quarter and we expect continued improvement in inventory turns for the full year. We believe the current 
inventory levels are appropriate to support scheduled new store openings and our sales initiatives for the third quarter. 


Capital expenditures were $88.3 million in the second quarter of 2014 versus 96.4 million in the second quarter last 
year. For the full year 2014, we are planning consolidated capital expenditures to be in the range of $360 million to 
$370 million. Capital expenditures are focused on new stores and remodels, including additional fee development 
stores, the addition of frozen and refrigerated capability to approximately 460 stores, which has been increased from 
our previous estimate of 320 stores. 

IT system enhancements, expansion of our Joliet, Illinois distribution center and the initial phase of work on our 11th 
DC. 

Depreciation and amortization in the second quarter totaled $49.9 million versus $46.6 million in the second quarter 
last year. The improvement of approximately 5 basis points as a percent of sales. We continue to expect depreciation 
expense to be in the range of $200 million to $210 million for the year. 

Our guidance for 2014 takes into account the actual performance for the first half and except for small refinements to 
the share count and the tax rate, our outlook is unchanged for the second half of 2014 from that which we originally 
issued on February 26. Our guidance includes the following assumptions. We anticipate our freight costs will continue 
to be a meaningful headwind to gross margin, primarily as a result of driver shortages and related wage increases. 

Product margin will remain under pressure based on strategic decisions to invest in certain product categories and drive 
increased market share. We cannot predict future currency fluctuations. So we have not adjusted our guidance for 
changes in currency rates. And as we look ahead to the fourth quarter of this year, there is one additional selling day 
between Thanksgiving and Christmas, which returns to more normal pattern than last year. 

Our guidance also assumes the tax rate of 37.2% for the third quarter and 37.9% for the full year. Weighted average 
diluted share counts are assumed to be 206.6 million for the third quarter and 206.9 million shares for the full year. 
Additionally, we have not included any acquisition related costs in our second half guidance as we cannot currently 
forecast the timing of when these costs will be incurred. With this in mind for the third quarter of 2014, we are 
forecasting sales in the range of $2.02 billion to $2.07 billion based on a low to mid single digit comparable store sales 
increase and 7.2% square footage growth. 

We anticipate the gross profit margin will continue to be challenged by year-over-year freight increases as well as our 
commitment to providing greater value to our consumers in this challenging macro environment. Diluted earnings per 
share expected to be in the range of $0.61 to $0.66, which would represent a 5.2% to 13.8% increase compared to third 
quarter 2013 earnings of $0.58 per diluted share. 

For the full fiscal year 2014, we are forecasting sales in the range of $8.44 billion to $8.55 billion based on a low to low 
mid single-digit increases in comparable store sales, and 7% square footage growth. Diluted earnings per share are 
expected to be in the range of $2.94, $3.06. This represents an increase of 8.1% to 12.5% over 2013 earnings per share 
of $2.72. 

With that, I'll now turn the call back over to Bob. 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Kevin. Our initiative to drive comp store sales are finding enthusiastic acceptance with a customer by that -- by 
all accounts continues to be under pressure the balance of their household budgets. Our in stock on basics is the best 
ever customers are finding more of the things they need and want on each trip. 

Stores are first of the month ready with chunky displays of basic products. When the customer has money in their 
pocket and they're ready to shop, we want to be ready with the product they want. We think of the first of the month as 
12 additional holidays and we prepare for them as such. The expansion of well items are providing customers with 
bigger sizes, bonus buys and bigger savings across the store. Our category expansions and pet supplies, hardware, 
household supplies, food, electronics and party are producing company leading results in comp sales increases. 


We continue to roll out frozen and refrigerated product to more stores. Our customers like this product, they shop us 
first and frequently to get the values they need. Seasonal product adds excitement and merchandise energy to the 
shopping experience with an ever-changing assortment of fun and colorful product right at the front entrance, are sort 
of full, fun and friendly with more customer engagement as we strive for the same great experience for every customer 
and every store, every day. 

As you've likely heard from many retailers, the consumer continues to be under pressure. Our sales initiatives are 
aimed at responding to those customers needs by being a part of the solution in their efforts to balance their household 
budget. We are investing in our customers, they are responding enthusiastically and you can see it in our results. Our 
second quarter comp store sales increased 4.5% was our best quarterly comp performance in two years. 

We're expanding market share. Sales came as a result of increases in both traffic and average ticket with the largest 
increase coming from traffic. Sales growth came from across the store with comp increases in basics and variety fairly 
evenly divided. Sales strengthened throughout the quarter with the highest comp sales in July and sales momentum has 
continued into August. 

Total sales grew 9.5% and we exceeded $2 billion in second quarter sales for the first time in company history. We 
achieved 10.5% operating margin down from our record high in second quarter last year and still the highest 
performance in the discount retail sector. And earnings per share grew 8.9% to $0.61 per diluted share in the middle of 
our range of guidance. 

We have multiple platforms for growth. In second quarter, we opened 90 new stores expanded and relocated 20 stores 
and we ended the quarter with 5,166 stores and square footage growth of 6.8%. The Dollar Tree brand as a benchmark 
of value for our customers and there is a great opportunity to grow and expand the Dollar Tree brand in the United 
States through more stores and more productive stores. The Deals brand are serving customers with increased value on 
even more categories. Dollar Tree Direct continues to broaden its reach to customers throughout North America and 
Dollar Tree Canada is growing in size and customer acceptance. 

As I look to the future, I see exciting opportunity. Our balance sheet is strong. The Dollar Tree business model is 
powerful, flexible and more relevant than ever providing strain value to customers, while recording record levels of 
earnings. It's been tested by time and validated by history. We remain committed to a concept that customers love and 
we're positioned to continue growing profitably for many years ahead. We have a vision of where we want to go and 
the ability to get there with infrastructure, capital and most importantly, a talented management team that has a long 
history of retail success. 

It's a great time to be Dollar Tree. Our inventories are clean and fresh, the shelves are full of terrific merchandise, our 
stock rooms are in great shape and our values have never been higher. We will now address your questions about our 
second quarter, so that we can accommodate as many callers as time permits, we ask that you limit your questions to 
two. 

Questions And Answers 

Operator 

(Operator Instructions) We'll take our first question from Paul Trussell with Deutsche Bank. 

Paul Trussell, Analyst 

Good morning, Bob, pet supplies, hardware, I mean household, food, electronics, party goods, where the categories that 
were leading the comp growth, but if you can just kind of clarify for us, then when you say you invested and expanded 
assortments of high-value product, exactly what categories or does that reference. And how do we think about IMU and 
mix pressure going forward, because of those investments? 


Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

Paul, we've always said we're in control of our merchandise mark-up and we still are, and this was a very conscious 
decision to and the time when the customers were under pressure, and traffic was stubborn and everyone was 
complaining about it, really starting back last year and the third and fourth quarter. We responded by being the solution 
to their problems and not part of the problem. 

So we have invested in product. We have expanded some categories is really two parts to your question. The highest 
comping departments, the ones you listed pet supplies and hardware and household products, food, electronics, party 
are amongst the highest percentage comp departments. A couple of those are our highest volume departments party and 
food. 

So we've had increases by increasing and driving the business in these key departments for our customer across the 
Board, our variety has grown as well as our consumer products has grown, our home especially was very powerful in 
the second quarter. Some of the items, or some of the categories is license party goods, we've added license to that the 
Disney license and Marvel license to our mix. We had Rubbermaid food storage into our housewares, branded pet food, 
for an example and you see pet supplies as popping up as one of the leading comp departments. 

We are offering the king size candy bars. It's not the small candy bars anymore. We've expanded in addition of our 
home, our distortion in our home area with some of the cleaning supplies with brands like, (inaudible)Palmolive and 
HPC we've driven the business on our -- we have branded toothpaste, Crest toothpaste. We have in our food and snacks 
business, (inaudible) potato chips in our home area again in our home supplies, household supplies, national brand 
toilet paper, national brand paper towels. So throughout the store, we've expanded and more space and more inventory 
and more of the things that our customers are looking for in a tough time, drive the business in -- driving the business in 
those categories. 

And we've also been looking at special opportunity buys well items, multiple packs, larger sizes for the same prices and 
really delivering as much value for our customer every day when they go in to the store, they're seeing more value than 
they've ever seen. And as I said, it improves in the numbers our traffic was up. Our average ticket was up, which has 
always been stubborn as you know, it's a dollar, so the average ticket got to sell some more, so. More people are 
shopping us more frequently, our traffic is up, they're staying longer and they're buying more, our average ticket is up. 

Paul Trussell, Analyst 

And just as a follow-up, just to kind of shift gears, Bob, obviously in seeking to do the acquisition of Family Dollar, 
there were some questions from investors looking in, and how confident you guys are and your ability to run 
multi-price point stores. And so, perhaps if you can just give us some additional color on Deals. The current quarter's 
performance but also if you can just take us back a little bit about how the productivity and the operating margins have 
improved over the timeframe of your ownership. What have you learned and how you can, benefit from those learnings 
and you're -- upcoming endeavor? 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

Paul, I am going to answer your question in a little different way. I'm not going to comment on the Family Dollar 
acquisition, as I said or Randy said in the (inaudible). We just can't comment on that, I'm not going to comment on this. 
If your question is about our deals format, I'm very proud of deals. And we are seeing a lot of expansion, a lot of 
traction on our deal; I'll give you little color on our deals business. We ended the quarter with 216 deals stores. Our 
comps were single-digit positive in our deal stores. The merchandise mix in our deal stores is a little different than what 
you find in Dollar Tree in addition to lifting the restriction of the price point. 

We have a little more consumable mix in our deal stores. Consumable mix for the quarter was about 62% versus 38% 
for the non-consumable. And as you compare that to our Dollar Tree Stores, Dollar Tree were about 50-50 and for the 


quarter it was, consumables 50.4% and 49.6% in the non-consumable at Dollar Tree. So you can see that the deals mix 
is a little more consumable. 

The basket, a little bit about the basket our average ticket deals, it was 951 for the quarter at Dollar Tree, we're about -we're 
always around $8 a less, $7.80 I think for Q2. We have lifted the restriction of the price point or deals. So the 
average ticket with items that are greater than a dollar was $14.23, almost 54% of our transactions had items greater 
than a dollar also. So our customers in the deals stores are responding positively to the merchandise that we sell, that's 
not a dollar. 

Our average unit retail for anything that's over dollar, we sells $3.15, that's been pretty much where it's been for the 
past year. We'd like to see that grow and working on ways to make that grow, I think that's a big opportunity. Greater 
than a dollar item represented 48.5% of deals total sales. So as we lifted the restriction of the dollar price point, we're 
seeing exciting growth and deals again the deals we can serve more customers with more categories and more ways. 

Paul Trussell, Analyst 

Appreciate the color, Bob. Good luck. 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Paul. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Scot Ciccarelli with RBC. 

Scot Ciccarelli, Analyst 

Hi, guys. Gross margin related questions as well. Bob, I know you guys really try to provide value to consumers and 
for the last several years you can't point to improving merchandise margin, sounds like that was not the case this 
quarter. So I guess the question is, does this signal potential just on philosophical change going forward regarding how 
we're viewing merchandise and the merchandise sales margin mix? 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

It's a fair question, but I am not happy to say no, it's not really a change in our direction. It's more response to the times. 
We're always as retailers come to upon us to remain relevant to our customers. And as the customer pressures change. 
We have to react, other retailers, you might see lowering prices, our price is a dollar instead lowering prices and you've 
heard me say this before, we will invest in more value in tougher times. 

And we started seeing pressure on traffic and we started hearing from customers back late last year and our comps 
weren't as robust as they had been. And as a result, we, as we always do as good retailers. We chose to drive for traffic 
and market share. We can sit back and be mount back the customers under pressure and remains stubbornly under 
pressure or we can do something about it. We have done that and we've done what's very core to what we do at Dollar 
Tree and that to exceed the customers' expectations for what one dollar buys. 

And in this day in time as customers are really looking for a way to help balance their budget. We have become a 
solution to their problem. They look for us to help them out. And if you look at the results, the traffic was up it drove 
most of the comp sales, but our average ticket was up also. So as I said earlier, they are coming more often and when 
they're there to staying longer and they're buying more, they're seeing more product. These values are across the store 


too. We speak of things as if it's really just that simple as consumer purchase discretionary, it's never really just that 
simple. 

We have those two big buckets. But if you look at it a little more granular level, you would see that our home business 
was really driving and carrying a big load in second quarter. And our home business has made up of things that really 
are either both discretionary and consumable there's things you need, there's things you want, there is food containers 
you need them, you want them, they are high margin, they're not as high margin as our seasonal business, but they are 
higher margin than our basic consumable business. So we were driving traffic throughout our store, we're looking to 
gain market share. 

And frankly, the big issue that hit second quarter and probably is going to continue to hit us in the rest of the year was 
the freight. As I always said when we see an issue we're always able to respond accordingly. And if we see cost 
pressures in one area. If we see it coming and we can make plans for. We can always make allowances and find other 
ways to say, then we can do the same thing with our freight costs, but just freight driver shortage issue came upon 
everyone pretty suddenly we've been expecting something but we weren't really seeing it until recently. 

So along with investing in our customer, which I would do again and driving more sales at a slightly lesser gross 
margin rate that was about 30 basis points. In addition to that, in second quarter, we had a 40 basis point pressure on 
freight, which is also in our gross margin. So that's something we'll deal with as we go forward. This management team 
is really good, we're going to -- how to swallow some of these cost pressures and take advantage of other ways of 
delivering the gross profit. But in the meantime, we're responding to our different customers, more value that's who we 
are, that's what we do. 

Scot Ciccarelli, Analyst 

Very, very helpful. Thanks guys. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Vincent Sinisi With Morgan Stanley. 

Vincent Sinisi, Analyst 

Hey, good morning. Thanks very much for taking my question. Wanted to first ask you about, really the consumer 
behaviors that you're seeing, I know you said it remains constrained, though of course are responding to your initiatives 
and that certainly increase from a comp perspective throughout the quarter. But can you give any color around stores 
that maybe in relatively higher income areas versus some that, that may be on the lower end, and if you are still seeing 
some differences between the kind of the three buckets of income of your customers. 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

Yeah. Frankly it's across the board, we really don't see anything that you could point to, there is a stark demarcation 
line between the higher income and the lower income. There is always markets, we're in some of the lower income 
markets and the urban markets, it's always been more highly consumable. But across the Board, if you start looking at 
the higher incomes versus the middle of America suburban, everybody is looking for a value and everybody likes 
shopping at Dollar Tree. 

One of the things that we always found the table about is, it's not just shopping at Dollar Tree because you're looking 
for something you need, people do that and it's only a dollar, its great value. Well, our customers also shoppers, 
because they enjoy the shopping experience, it's fun, you come in, if you walk into a seasonal product, you walk into 


fun colorful product and ever changing mix is always something that you'll find that you didn't expect to find as a 
customer. So we have discretionary business about 50%, consumer business about 50%. If you look at the mix you see 
and it's pretty much the same. That's just 50-50 might be one quarter, ones up a little one the other, that differently than 
that, but still around 50-50. 

So my answer is that, the customers are under pressure, mostly middle income and lower income customers is 
anecdotal, I mean, just from what we see they continue to be burdened and concerned we've said that. We not alone in 
saying that they're facing higher taxes, higher healthcare costs, stubbornly high unemployment, although it looks like it 
might be getting a little better on the unemployment side, higher cost of living really and no improvement in wages just 
to speak up. They continue to face uncertainty, and we are, as I said, we're responding to them with offering expand 
assortments of basics more well items, bigger sizes, bonus buys, overall values for the dollar and they are responding to 
it. Again, I'm really pleased that, there are several things in this quarter, but our sales growth came across a broad range 
of categories, not one or the other. 

Our sales growth came from traffic largely, which is in the retail business, you got to have the traffic. So we didn't give 
up our traffic in tough times. We invested in keeping the traffic coming in the store, but also we're in the quarter, our 
average ticket was up. So when they were in the store, there are not only more traffic, more footsteps but when they are 
in the store, they stayed longer and they bought more. Our frozen and refrigerated product continues to rolling out that 
out to more stores. 

Our customers respond favorably to that through increase shopping frequency and on the seasonal and party and toys, 
discretionary items by the way, yes, you can afford it, it feels good walk into a Dollar Tree and you can still buy toys 
for the kids, because we are only a dollar. And you can still buy party gifts for the birthday everything is only a dollar. 
So that shopping experience in tough times is really worth something we placed value on that. 

Vincent Sinisi, Analyst 

Great. Thank you, Bob. And if I just could ask another question about the expanded high value items. Can you give a 
little bit of discussion around, do you think that, I'm just having some new products into the store is really driving the 
sales or is it know how your merchandising is it you're see with $20 budget structure dollar campaign, just maybe a 
little more around that the advertising or if there is incremental advertising for those product specifically? 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

It's not so much more advertising, as you know, we're really not an ad-driven company and advertising price points. 
There is no price reductions, prices a dollar today, it was yesterday a dollar more, so it given that urgency in our 
concept has never been something that we've invested a lot of funds in. But in store is a different story and yes, we've 
employed all of the above with signing in the store, with printed material in-store, with merchandise in the store, really 
big enough some of those displays and those end caps and those value items and showroom and signing them up and 
telling the story of what great value saving. 

By the way, we don't, we make money on these items just that it's a slightly less margin then maybe our highest margin 
seasonal department. So when you go into our home area and you start talking about food containers and storage bags 
and wraps and all of the things that you need in the kitchen for your household supplies of mobs and brooms and all 
those kinds of things we were selling more and more of those products. It's not a loss leaders [ph], we make a lot of 
money on that, but it's not just not quite that highest margin that you get from some of those clearly discretionary 
products like the seasonal areas. So you're going to find some bonny [ph] in our stores, you're going to find Angel soft 
toilet paper, you're going to find Stax potato chips, you're going to find Rubbermaid, you're going to find some name 
brands, you're going to some non-name brands, but you're going to find bigger size. In other words a 12 outside of 
might be 18 outside and it's a whole Dollar. Still same item that you've loved in the past at Dollar Tree and we picked 
up sizes and we picked up the value and we're offering that kind of recognized in it, because we're buying it and our 


comps are up in tough times like we are in now. Our 4.5% comp is -- I think probably going to match up very favorable 
to what you see out there in retail. 

Vincent Sinisi, Analyst 

Great. Thanks very much and good luck. 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Dan Wewer with Raymond James. 

Dan Wewer, Analyst 

Hi, good morning, Bob. 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

Hi, Dan. How are you? 

Dan Wewer, Analyst 

Hey, how are you doing? 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

I am doing great. 

Dan Wewer, Analyst 

So Dollar Tree's gross margin rate of about 35.9% you reach that every year from 2010 through 2012. And you'd have 
to go back to 2003 before you have a higher gross margin rate in that, but tell me your last year margins are down 30 
bps, were down 60 bps in the first half of this year. Do you think that we have finally reached the point where it's really 
difficult to protect margin rate for Dollar Tree with that single price point strategy? You know this has been a topic for 
the last decade, but do you think that we finally reached that tipping point? 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

I don't, it's not. I'd like to tell you that the pressure is not on the initial markup of product, it's on our choices. It's still 
about what we choose to sell, it's still about understanding the value that we need to offer the customer to drive their 
purchase decision. At the Dollar price point, it's not the issue to handle [ph] it's really this long and stubborn and 
pressure on the middle and middle income customers, especially the lowest income customers. And there's been several 
years now and there is somewhat not -- it's got to get better, I'm optimistic, but it's -- there is not much light at the end 


of the tunnel and customers continue to look at fair value. 

I would remind you too that, that we still have sector-leading operating margin. We fail only in comparison to our own 
previous operating margin. But it's a matter of choice. We can drive higher margins, but we've chosen to instead of 
sitting back and resting on whatever that 11% or whatever it was operating margin in the every previous year, we've 
chosen to invest in the customer. We've chosen to invest in more value, more traffic, higher average ticket, we want our 
customers to think of us as -- money short go to Dollar Tree. If you want to have a fun shopping experience, go to 
Dollar Tree, if you want party supplies, go to Dollar Tree, it's all are dollar and it's all great value, so it's a matter of 
choices. It's not pressure on the cost from a inflationary standpoint. We can still -- we turned down more product than 
we sell. 

Dan Wewer, Analyst 

A different topic. On the potential of 7,000 Dollar Tree stores in the US, that's primarily focused on your traditional 
suburban market real estate strategy, what precludes the Dollar Tree concept from working in smaller, not necessarily 
rural markets but smaller markets and you have historically focused? 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

Nothing. And by the way, we've been saying 7,000 stores for a long, long time. I can't tell you how many years it's been 
that long. And the world has changed and our business has changed and our stores have gotten larger, and our mix of 
product has gotten more to the consumer products, need 50% things you need 50% discretionary. So we do very well in 
small markets, we do very well in urban markets and we do very well in rural markets, our strength is in the suburban 
markets and middle America, but there is nothing that precludes us from continuing past 7,000 mark. 

I'm not announcing a new number out there, but, well, certainly we haven't done the math on that for quite some time. 
You can't find a place where we don't do well frankly, and I know that sounds like it's Bragan but our stores 99 point 
some percent of our stores are profitable and there as you know, we have stores in (inaudible) in the northeast, in 
Brooklyn and the Bronx. And we have stores in Idaho. So -


Dan Wewer, Analyst 

Which you're thinking that as real estate opportunities were to become available and market say of 50,000 of 
population that could work for Dollar Tree. 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

We're always looking for great real estate at prices that fair model. 

Dan Wewer, Analyst 

Yeah, okay, great. Thank you. 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you. 


Operator 

We'll take our next question from Matt Nemer with Wells Fargo Securities. 

Matt Nemer, Analyst 

Thanks so much. Good morning, everyone. My first question is a follow-up on gross margin. And I just wanted to 
understand the timing around the IMU decision. Is it fair that that's the kind of decision you make sort of 6 to 12 
months earlier. And then should we think of this as a four quarter investment cycle that you kind of have four quarters 
of that hit and then it goes away. Thanks. 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

Well, it goes away are not depends on the customer. But, certainly at some point you start anniversaries some of these, 
but to your that's the import get you a little longer buying cycle, if you remember, we started talking back in fourth 
quarter about initiatives to drive sales and it's not new here as to talk about more well in our stores and those kinds of 
things. 

In first quarter if you went back and looked at our -- I know I spoke about the same kinds of things and first quarter we 
had the terrible weather early on, but then it got better as quarter went on as the weather went away. So we started 
getting some traction on some of those strategies that we're talking about then. And of course that carried on in the 
second quarter and I think at the end of first quarter, I said by the way momentum continues in the second quarter. 

And it did and it got better throughout the second quarter, fourth quarter -- period four -- period five was better than 
four period, six was the best of all in the quarter. So we have begun ramping up on initiatives that were begun some 
time ago. 

Now looking forward, I will tell you that, we think about this as flying an airplane, it's a little stick and a little rider, we 
are flexible. We have a flexible model and when times are tough and we need more traffic we'll air little more towards 
the consumer products and sometimes are little better, our costs are going down, sometimes we may invest in more 
customers or we may invest in margin, so it really is all about the current environment and how you feel about that 
future environment. 

I think it's going to remain tough for the rest of this year. We're not planning on any in the second half any macro news 
that says that things are going to be whole lot better, so we're planning on continued pressure, we then we're planning 
also on continued pressure on our gross margin from freight, which in our guidance. So it's baked in there and then of 
course we're always working to offset that in other ways. But I think it's -- but we are in control of it. 

I guess the point that I'd like to leave you where it is, we're not victims running the business, we've always done it, 
we've been doing it now for 28-29 years. And our gross margin as we have ups and downs and it's all relevant to the 
customer and what's going on in the world. 

Matt Nemer, Analyst 

And then just as a follow-up on freight, what are -- could you talk us some of the areas that you would look to mitigate 
the impact of that and would diesel, the diesel down I think $0.15 to $0.20 from its peak. Is that one area that we can 
see as a potential benefit or is it actually reset relatively frequently? 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 


I mean, diesel, as we look at it so far this year, it's really tracking, fairly close to last year, so not a big difference one 
way or the other compared to last year. So it's not a lot of positive or negative there. And it's kind of been in that range 
for the last, almost three years realistically. So whether we could get some (inaudible) we would love for diesel price 
continue to fall and then be able to take advantage of that, but there is no guarantee of that at the end of the day. I think 
as we look at freight going forward, it's no different than any other item. It's about process, it's about looking at new 
ways to potentially deal with it, but I mean I think it's, as we've said, within and giving our guidance, we expect it to be 
a headwind as we go through this year. 

(Technical Difficulty) effect in the second quarter was just a little bit more than what we talked about in Q1. Q1, I think 
we said it is about a 30 basis point effect, negative effect on our gross profit. In Q2 is a little closer to 40. But the 
biggest thing we can do to help ourselves, we're going to continue to drive sales, keep market share, take market share, 
keep people coming in the stores and good sales help in a lot of ways. And I think that's where we think about it. 

Matt Nemer, Analyst 

Okay, thanks so much. Much appreciate it. 

Operator 

Due to time constraints, we only have time for a few more questions. And we'll go next to Joan Storms with Wedbush 
Securities. 

Joan Storms, Analyst 

Good morning, everybody. 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

Good morning. 

Joan Storms, Analyst 

I just -- I was very impressed with the discussion about the ticket, because the tickets have been flat for a really long 
time. And if you could delve into that a little bit and it seems like you're investing in the high-value products and then 
increase traffic and then that's leading to the tickets. So just wondering if you could go into that a little bit. 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

Yeah, Joan. It's more traffic largely as our comp driven by more traffic in the quarter, but also our ticket in that seems 
to be a trend, it's coming from -- they're coming more frequently to the stores, they are staying longer, they're buying 
more. We're challenging them to buy more products, we've taken, it's not just a low margin best earning consumer 
products that we have ensured that we're going to be in stock and the things they expect to get, when they come in our 
store. But it's also the surprising value when they come into store and some of this stuff is not low margin, it's just a 
little less margin than we would normally select for. 

And what it's doing is, it's tempting that customer to buy one more item which they would buy one more item that'd be 
a big comp, but when they're in the store, we want to come for one of the things they need while they're in there, we 
want to sell them on trend and on style and on passion and on wow, adding wow, look at this, this is a great item. By 


the way I've used this before and it's 20% more this time. So I am going to buy some more this trip, or might be a new 
item that they haven't seen before, that we've invested in and staked up front. So, it really isn't -- it's our buyer is 
creating more value and it's our stores merchandising in such a way to drive more sales. We've talked about customer 
engagement, we've talked about related sales, we've talked about drive items at the front of our store with the cash 
you're suggesting, just one more item as they go out the door. We are tempting our customers to buy more in every 
way. And then we saw the results, good result from that in the second quarter. 

Joan Storms, Analyst 

Great. And then, can you also comment -- you talked a little bit about making sure you're really ready for first of the 
month and being in stock. Can you comment, like on how the in-stock that much better for the first of the month? 
You're really making it seems, like you're making an effort to have that on time? 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

Well, first of the month is a lot of payroll checks out there, a lot of people get paid at the first of the month, a lot of the 
government checks got out in the first of the month. There is a lot of things, there is lot more spendable income around 
the first of the month, and many of our customers, especially the lower income customers wait till the first of the 
month, because it is really don't have the ability of the times. When they come to the store, we wanted to have the best 
experience possible at first of the month. 

So our stores and our replacement people and our merchants are working ahead of the first of each month to put the 
plans, what's going on which end cap, what's the highest sales opportunities, where can we stacked things out, where 
we can make a difference in the store. By the way on the basic things, the key items that we know they want on every 
trip, let's make sure that we're in stock in business, we -- with fresh our categories during that period of time, we will 
stack out more during that period of time, we'll plan our end caps around first of the month ready. 

And it's -- as I said, it's sort of like having another season, it's when you said Easter. And first roll it out and you put it 
all on the sales floor, and built (inaudible) you build -- put the signing in place and the night before you're walking 
around and new patent down and looking to make sure to check it. 

Our entire organization is focused on the first of the month sales, whether it's the stores and the store managers, the 
buyers, the replacement people, the logistics people, we all plan our business to a large degree around those first of the 
months especially in the base of categories. 

Joan Storms, Analyst 

Very helpful. Thank you very much. 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

Don't tell others, we do that by the way. Keep that our secret. 

Joan Storms, Analyst 

Okay. 

Operator 


We'll take our final question form Meredith Adler with Barclays. 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

Hi, Meredith. 

Meredith Adler, Analyst 

Hey, thanks for taking my question. I'd like to talk first about this brands and you clearly are carrying more brands. Is 
there any change in your discussions with vendors, are they more willing to make smaller packaging, are they excited 
about the potential of having broader distribution of their products? Or are you just now deciding to carry those items? 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

It's always a choice. And the first question, our manufacturers like doing business with us, obviously, there are some 
things that they can do business with us on. But things like small appliances as you know we're going to find George 
Foreman and also Dollar Tree Store, but there are the consumer products people really like our business, we are a large 
retailer with -- we cut a large swath across 48 states in Canada. We engage a lot of customers, you can get your brand 
in our stores and it gets noticed and people see it, because they builds your brand equity at Dollar Tree. And Dollar 
Tree, it's all about the value. So again it's choices and brands may typically, not always but typically come with a little 
lower margin, maybe a little higher sales rate, but a little lower margin. 

So we're always balancing the name brand offering with the private label, the name brand equivalent offering, which 
has a little higher margin and by the way, our customer really responds to larger sizes and bigger values when given the 
choice between the brands, all things equal they like the brands. When all things aren't equal, they usually go for the 
bigger sizes and the bigger quantities. But from time to time, we've always introduce brands and we continue to look 
for that, our brand vendors like us. 

I believe, and we've always aspired to be good business people and good merchants. And what I mean by that the 
concept is simple. We are looking for the best price and as consumer products people come to us, we're not looking for 
monies and add backs and market funds and co-op funds and key city funds and all the things that are added on. 

We asked for give us the best cost, let us take possession of it as early on in the supply chain as possible. We'll get it to 
the right store at the right time. But only the lowest price and I'll buy in a way that really works for you. I might buy 
then your down production time but I need. The main thing is we need value that's worth more than a dollar. We'll 
bring it to our stores, we'll get it in the right place, we want to pass those savings along to our customers. 

So that's the way we work with everyone. That's the way we work with the brands. When you see us talking about 
introducing more brands, it's usually a decision that says, we're looking for really to add more seasonal, add more 
excitement, we know it's a little less margin, but it's an investment and the customers investment in the traffic. 

Meredith Adler, Analyst 

Great and I just have one other question about, you mentioned fee development and that was I guess, that included 
CapEx. But does that imply that you are building starting to really focus on building more free-standing stores. But 
presumably, you don't have fee development if you're going into a shopping center? 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 


No, Meredith, a couple of years ago, we did start looking at fee developments and bringing a few projects out of the 
ground ourselves, obviously, if you think back couple of years ago, the developers were still capital constrained as and 
many of them, it's hardest day, and so they were not as many projects and the other thing we found as we went through 
this process is we really like the idea of having a store located where we wanted the right size, the right shape has four 
walls instead of six or eight at the end of the day. 

And basically the linear is lay out better, the adjacencies for merchandising layout better and we can put our best foot 
forward and we've found that at least keep updations have performed very well once we've done that's a small subset of 
our overall openings in any given year. But it's something that we like and will continue to be part of our overall 
portfolio process. 

Randy Guiler, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thank you for joining us on today's call and thank you for your continued interest in Dollar Tree. Our next scheduled 
earnings conference call will be Thursday, November 20, 2014. Have a good day. 

Operator 

That does conclude today's conference. We appreciate your participation, you may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2014, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


