Q3 2013 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Timothy J. Reid 
• Bob Sasser 
• Kevin S. Wampler 
Other Participants 

• Stephen W. Grambling 
• Matthew R. Boss 
• Meredith Adler 
• Denise Chai 
• Scot Ciccarelli 
• Dan R. Wewer 
• Joan L. Storms 
• Daniel T. Binder 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, and welcome to the Dollar Tree, Inc.'s Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being 
recorded. 

At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Reid, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, 
sir. 

Timothy J. Reid 

Thank you, Devonna. Good morning, and welcome to the Dollar Tree conference call for the third quarter of fiscal 
2013. Our call today will be led by Bob Sasser, our Chief Executive Officer, who will provide insights on our 
performance in the quarter and recent developments in our business. Kevin Wampler, our Chief Financial Officer, will 
provide a more detailed review of our third quarter financial performance and provide our guidance for the remainder 
of 2013. 

Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that various remarks that we will make about future expectations, 
plans, and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for the purposes of the Safe Harbor 
provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 

Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various 
important factors included in our most recent press release, most recent current report on Form 8-K, quarterly report on 
Form 10-Q, and Annual Report on Form 10-K, all of which are on file with the SEC. We have no obligation to update 
our forward-looking statements and you should not expect us to do so. 

As a reminder, in September 2012, Dollar Tree, Inc. sold its ownership interest in Ollie's Holdings, Inc. that we will 
refer to as Ollie's. The sale had a favorable impact on the third quarter 2012 earnings with an increase to net income of 


$0.17 per diluted share. Unless otherwise noted, all net income and earnings comparisons presented today will exclude 
the impact of Ollie's transaction on last year's results for the third quarter and year-to-date. At the end of our planned 
remarks, we will open the call to questions which we ask that you limit to one question and one follow-up question if 
necessary. 

Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Bob Sasser, CEO of Dollar Tree. Bob? 

Bob Sasser 

Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. This morning, we announced our sales and earnings for the third quarter 
2013. Total sales increased 9.5% to $1.885 billion, and comp store sales increased 3.1% driven by increased customer 
traffic. Earnings for the third quarter were $0.58 per diluted share. This represents a 13.7% increase over last year's 
$0.51 per share, which as Tim said excludes the gain from the sale of our interest in Ollie's last year. 

Operating margin for the third quarter 2013 was 10.8%. This was the highest third quarter operating margin in the 
history of the company. The previous record was 10.7% which was set in the third quarter last year. And net income 
was $125.4 million versus $117.3 million in 2012. 

Year-to-date through three quarters of 2013 total sales were $5.61 billion. This is an increase of 8.9%. Comp store sales 
increased 2.9%. Operating income increased by $65.5 million, operating margin was 11.1%, an increase of 30 basis 
points compared with the same period last year. Net income was $383.6 million compared with $352.6 million last 
year. And earnings per share were $1.73, an increase of 13.1% compared with $1.53 per share last year. 

I'm pleased with another solid quarterly performance with top line and comp store sales continuing to grow. Most 
importantly, the Dollar Tree model is more relevant than ever, providing extreme value to customers while recording a 
record level of third quarter earnings. Customers know that even in a difficult economy, at Dollar Tree you can still 
splurge. Everything is only $1. I'm also pleased with the mix of products sold and the consistency of our sales growth. 
Comp sales growth in the third quarter was the result of increased sales in both need-based consumables and increased 
sales of our seasonal and variety categories with our seasonal and variety categories growing at a faster pace overall. 

Our comps were positive every month with our strongest performance in October, and performance in the third quarter 
was relatively consistent across the country. All zones achieved positive comp store sales with the strongest 
performance in the Midwest followed by the Southeast and the Southwest. We have room to continue growing our 
business and the ability to grow in many different ways, by opening more stores, by opening better more productive 
stores, by increasing the productivity of all our stores, and by developing new formats, new markets, and new channels. 
During the third quarter this year, we opened 117 new stores and relocated and expanded another 19 stores. Through 
three quarters of 2013, we've added 292 new stores and expanded or relocated 67 stores, selling square footage has 
increased 7%, and we ended the quarter with 4,953 stores. We are on track with our new store opening plan for the full 
year 2013, which includes 340 new stores and 73 relocations and expansions for a total of 413 projects in 2013. 

In addition to opening more stores, we have a strategy to continue to open better and more productive stores. Last year 
new store productivity reached its highest level since 2001. And so far this year, our U.S. class of 2013 is tracking at a 
similar pace trailed somewhat by Canada. This has been the result of a coordinated process, concentrated on improved 
site selection, right-sizing our stores, expanding our assortments, improved staffing and building the bench of qualified 
store management. 

Efforts to increase sales per square foot are not limited to new stores. Elements of the strategy to increase store 
productivity can be seen throughout the chain. In recent quarters, we've described some of our category specific 
initiatives to drive sales. For example, in all stores, customers are seeing more powerful, seasonal and party 
presentation. 

We've re-merchandised our checkout lanes and expanded assortments across the front-end of our stores to create more 
merchandise energy and to drive impulse sales. Results of these efforts have been validated by company leading comp 
sales increases in our checkout department. 


Additionally, we continue to rationalize and expand assortments across the chain in stationery, candy, health and 
beauty care and home and household products. In addition to assortment initiatives, store associates are emphasizing 
more effective customer engagement and working to drive sales of related items through cross merchandising and 
suggestive selling. And we're rolling out freezers and coolers at a faster pace. In the third quarter, we installed freezers 
and coolers in 122 additional stores for a total of 566 store installations year-to-date exceeding our plan of 550 store 
installations for this year. We now offer frozen and refrigerated product in 3,115 stores, and we expect to add another 
25 installations by fiscal year end. 

This category serves the current needs of our customers and drive traffic into our stores and provides incremental sales 
across all categories including our higher margin discretionary product. Reflecting all of these initiatives, our top 
performing categories in the third quarter were checkouts, frozen and refrigerated products, stationery, party supplies 
and candy. 

Another key component of our growth strategy is the development of new retail format, the expansion of our 
geographic reach and the development of additional channels of distribution. Specifically that means Deals Dollar Tree 
Canada and Dollar Tree Direct. Our Deals format extends our ability to serve more customers with more categories and 
increases our unit growth potential. Deals stores deliver low prices on everyday essentials, party goods, seasonal and 
home product. By lifting the restriction of the one dollar price point at Deals, we are able to serve more customers with 
more products at value prices every day. 

In the third quarter, Deals comp sales increases were led by floral and accessories, stationery, party and seasonal with a 
strong Halloween performance. We opened 10 new Deals stores in the third quarter ending the quarter with a net total 
of 214 Deals stores and we're on track with our growth plan for 2013. 

Our Canadian integration and expansion continues. We're aggressively expanding our Canadian store base. In the third 
quarter, we opened 16 new stores and ended the quarter with 176 Canadian stores, achieving our plan to grow our store 
count by 25% for the year. 

In addition to opening new stores, we've now completed our planned rebranding of former Dollar Giant stores to Dollar 
Tree Canada. Leveraging the buying power of Dollar Tree, our merchants are sourcing higher value product and our 
Canadian customers are finding broader more exciting assortments and better values in the stores. 

The service level and in-stock position of basic products is increasing. The shopping experience continues to improve 
as our stores develop a more powerful seasonal presence and a higher level of merchandise energy. And through our 
investments in infrastructure, systems and training, we now have consistent year-on-year data on which to base our 
sales and assortment planning decisions. 

We see enormous potential in Canada as we grow and improve, we believe that Canadian market can support up to 
1,000 Dollar Tree stores. This is in addition to the 7,000 store potential for Dollar Tree in the United States, plus 
additional growth in our Deals format. Our goal is to be the leading retailer in Canada, the single price point of C$1.25 
just as we are in the U.S. at the dollar price point. 

Dollar Tree Direct, our online business, continues to expand. DTD provides an opportunity to broaden our customer 
base, drive incremental sales, expand the brand, and attract more customers into our stores. We have expanded our 
online offering by 40% this year. Dollar Tree and Deals Direct now offer more than 3,800 items online, including more 
than 1,700 items in less than [ph] a cake pack (11:26) quantities. 

Traffic on the site exceeded 5.6 million unique visitors in the third quarter, a 25% increase over the third quarter last 
year. In addition, we now have more than 1 million Facebook fans and more than 1 million opt-in email subscribers 
following our brand. We recently launched Christmas at the Tree on our site, showcasing our unique values for the 
holidays. I urge you to check it out at dollartree.com. 

One of the keys to achieving consistent profitable results has been our practice of building infrastructure and 
distribution capacity to support growth ahead of the need. You may remember in June of this year, we opened our new 
1 million square foot distribution center in Windsor, Connecticut, ahead of schedule. This new facility will provide 


capacity for growth in the Northeast and increase network efficiencies long term. 

In addition to the new DC in Windsor, in the third quarter, as planned, we completed the expansion of our Marietta, 
Oklahoma DC to 1 million square feet. Both of these projects were under budget and both were financed through 
available cash. 

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Kevin, who will give you more detail on our financial metrics and provide 
guidance. Kevin? 

Kevin S. Wampler 

Thanks, Bob. As Bob mentioned, our diluted earnings per share in the third quarter were $0.58. The increase resulted 
from our sales growth and a 10 basis point improvement in operating profit margin compared to the second quarter last 
year. 

Starting with gross profit, our gross profit margin was 35% during the third quarter, compared with 34.9% reported in 
the third quarter last year. Several factors contributed to this performance; the improvement was driven by higher initial 
markup across many categories and leverage on occupancy costs. The higher IMU reflects continued improvements in 
sourcing and the flexibility of our merchandise model. The improvements were partially offset by increased distribution 
expenses as a percent of sales, reflecting the incremental expense associated with the ramp up of our new DC in 
Windsor, Connecticut and maintaining a high level of service to stores as we realign DCs consistent with our added 
capacity. 

SG&A expenses were 24.2% of sales for the quarter, unchanged from the third quarter last year. Payroll related 
expenses declined by 30 basis points, as improved labor productivity and reduced expenses for stock compensation and 
retirement plan contributions offset a 17 basis point increase in health insurance benefit expenses relative to the third 
quarter last year. 

Operating expenses increased by 30 basis points. This was due principally to a 20 basis point reduction in other 
income, reflecting the one-time realized gain of $3.8 million in the third quarter last year relating to the favorable 
resolution to a legal matter. In addition, store supplies and debit and credit card fees increased in the third quarter of the 
current year. Absent the one-time benefit from last year, SG&A would have improved 20 basis points for the quarter. 
Operating income increased $20.2 million compared to the third quarter last year, and operating margin was 10.8%, an 
improvement of 10 basis points on top of the very strong 10.7% operating margin in the third quarter last year. 

Year-to-date through the third quarter, operating margin is 11.1%, an increase of 30 basis points from the same period 
last year. The tax rate for the quarter was 36.9%, compared with the third quarter last year at 36.3%. Looking at the 
balance sheet and statement of cash flow, cash and investments at quarter-end totaled $147.1 million versus $222.4 
million at the end of the third quarter 2012. 

In September, the board of directors authorized a $2 billion share repurchase program. Under this new authorization, 
the company invested $1 billion for share repurchases through an accelerated share repurchase program that was 
launched on September 17. We received 50 million shares as part of the ASR during the third quarter. All additional 
shares repurchased under the ASR will be delivered to the company on or before June 2014. The ASR was funded by 
$250 million of cash and $750 million from the private placement of senior notes completed in September. 
Year-to-date through the third quarter, the company has invested $1.1 billion for share repurchase. The diluted 
weighted average shares outstanding for the third quarter was $217.6 million. 

Our consolidated inventory at quarter-end was 9.2% greater than at the same time last year, while selling square 
footage increased 7%. Consolidated inventory per selling square foot increased 2.1%. We believe that current inventory 
levels are appropriate to support scheduled new store openings and our fourth quarter sales initiatives. 

Capital expenditures were $84.5 million in the third quarter of 2013 versus $96.6 million in the third quarter last year. 
For the full year, we are now planning consolidated capital expenditures to be approximately $340 million. 


Capital expenditure this year focused on new stores and remodels, the addition of frozen and refrigerated capability to 
over 590 stores, IT system enhancements, approximately $37 million towards the new distribution center in Windsor, 
Connecticut and $25 million for the expansion of our DC in Marietta, Oklahoma and additional fee developments store 
projects to be opened in 2014. 

Depreciation and amortization was $48.6 million, compared to $43.6 million in the third quarter last year. We expect 
depreciation expense of $190 million to $192 million for the year. 

Our guidance for the remainder of 2013 includes several assumptions. First, Halloween shifted back into the third 
quarter this year, reflecting the retail calendar. We believe that this moved approximately $5 million of revenue out of 
the fourth quarter and into the third quarter compared to last year. Comparable store sales are not impacted by this shift, 
as we align the comparable weeks in our comp store calculation. 

Second, there are six fewer selling days between Thanksgiving and Christmas this year, which presents a $25 million 
sales challenge in the fourth quarter. Also, as you'll remember, due to the retail calendar, 2012 included 53 weeks and 
the fourth quarter consisted of 14 weeks. This extra week added $125 million of incremental sales and $0.08 of 
earnings per diluted share to the fourth quarter and the full year last year. 

Finally, our guidance assumes a tax rate of 37.7% for the fourth quarter and the full year. Weighted average diluted 
share counts are assumed to be 209.1 million shares for the fourth quarter and 219.1 million shares for the full year. As 
always, our guidance assumes no additional share repurchase. 

With this in mind, for the fourth quarter of 2013, we are forecasting sales in the range of $2.25 billion to $2.31 billion 
based on low single-digit comparable store sales increase, and 7% square footage growth. Diluted earnings per share 
expected to be in the range of $1.01 to $1.07, an increase of 8.6% to 17.2% compared with the fourth quarter last year, 
excluding the $0.08 per share benefit from the extra week. 

For the full fiscal year of 2013, we are now forecasting sales in the range of $7.86 billion to $7.92 billion based on a 
low single-digit increase in comparable store sale, and 7% square footage growth. Diluted earnings per share expected 
to be in the range of $2.72 to $2.78. This would represent an increase of 11.5% to 13.9% over 2012 earnings per share 
of $2.44, which exclude the $0.08 benefit from the 53rd week and a $0.16 gain on an annualized basis from the sale of 
Ollie's in the third quarter last year. 

With that, I'll turn the call back over to Bob. 

Bob Sasser 

Thanks, Kevin. Once again I'm very pleased with our performance so far this year, and I'm excited about our future. 
Sales year-to-date through the third quarter grew 8.9% to a record $5.6 billion, and comp store sales increased 2.9%, 
driven by a combination of increased consumer traffic and higher average ticket. Our operating margin increased by 30 
basis points to 11.1%, the best performance in our history. And earnings per share increased by 13.1% to $1.73. 

In addition, we continue to invest capital to support growth. This year, the company opened a new distribution center in 
Windsor, Connecticut and expanded our distribution center in Marietta, Oklahoma on time and under budget. We 
opened 292 new stores across the U.S. and Canada, and we expanded frozen and refrigerated products to 566 additional 
stores, more than any previous year. 

During the third quarter Dollar Tree celebrated its 27th anniversary. Through those years, we've grown steadily, built 
solid infrastructure, evolved from smaller stores to larger stores with broad assortments, and reinvented our sales 
continuously. Yet we've remained true to our original concept. Everything is still one dollar at Dollar Tree stores in the 

U.S. The Dollar Tree business model is powerful and flexible. It's been tested by time and validated by history. And I 
believe that Dollar Tree can do even better in the future. There is much more opportunity ahead of us than behind us. 
Our strategic plan involves multiple platforms for growth. There is a great opportunity to grow and expand the Dollar 
Tree brand in the U.S. through more stores and better stores. The Deals brand is positioned for growth, serving more 


customers, with more categories. Dollar Tree Canada is positioned for profitable expansion in the years ahead, and 
Dollar Tree Direct continues to broaden its reach to new customers throughout North America. We have plenty of 
opportunities to grow our business, a vision of where we want to go, and the infrastructure and capital to make it 
happen while generating substantial free cash. And we continue to manage our capital for the benefit of long-term 
shareholders. 

During the third quarter, the board of directors authorized a $2 billion share repurchase program, under which $1 
billion has already been invested through an accelerated share repurchase plan. I'm proud of our consistent strong 
performance, I'm even more proud of our Dollar Tree associates from every department in the company, who work 
hard to deliver on our promise of great value merchandise and stores that are full, fun and friendly for every customer, 
every day. 

It's an exciting time at Dollar Tree, as we entered the fourth quarter, our shelves are full of the right product for 
Thanksgiving and the holiday season. Our stock rooms are in great shape, and our merchandise values have never been 
higher. 

We will now address your questions, so that we can accommodate as many callers as time permits. We ask that you 
limit your questions to two. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Stephen W. Grambling>: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just a little bit more detail on the 
comp trajectory, I think that last year you had noted better trends throughout the quarter, you just mentioned October 
was the strongest. So maybe if you can provide a little more detail on what you saw as the fourth quarter progressed 
perhaps highlighting any changes in the traffic and ticket or categories. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Well, Stephen, I'll try to give you a little color on the quarter. As I already said, all three months 
were comp positive. All zones in the company were comp positive. It was led by the Midwest and the Southeast and 
Southwest, but it was pretty close. Both consumable and our variety merchandise was comp positive with the variety 
merchandise were a bit faster than consumables and that's similar to the trend that we saw in the second quarter. We 
had a great back-to-school. It's one of the best on record. 

Our top categories during the back-to-school period were our office supplies and writing and our Teaching Tree, which 
is our classroom supplies, our binders and our paper products. We came directly out of back-to-school and into 
Halloween and Harvest and Fall and we were set with all of that by September 6th. Our stores just did a terrific job of 
turning it around from back-to-school to front of the stores to those seasonal categories that were Halloween, Harvest 
and Fall. They did it again with an exceptional job of converting on October 31st, the night of – the evening of October 
31st, our stores converted to Thanksgiving and Christmas. So that when we opened up on November 1st, we were 
ready for those new holidays. 

Other notables, our checkout and front-end impulse lane led the company and comp increases. That initiative had 
begun last fall. It's been very successful. Our checkouts were followed by frozen and refrigerated as I said. We rolled 
out more stores with frozen and refrigerated in the third quarter followed by stationery and party and cards. So, that 
gives you a little color on the quarter with the seasons were dynamic very good I would say. Customer traffic was 
attributed to all of the comp stores sales increases. So, customer traffic was very good. We're getting new customers all 
the time. They seem to be shopping a little later for their needs and maybe a little more often and getting a few new 
customers in that regard. So, very consistent across the quarter I think the way I would characterize the business. 

<Q - Stephen W. Grambling>: Okay. That's helpful. It sounds like there is not a lot of deviation. And then, changing 
gears a little bit, as you think about the ASR and what's left there and then the future buybacks, any additional clarity 


you can give in terms of the timing of deploying that? Thank you. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Yeah. Stephen, I think as obviously the ASR that we've put in place in September is really 
just kind of in its infancy. I mean, the transaction can last as long as mid-June of next year. So, that's in place. In 
September, we received about 15 million shares. There will be a settlement at some point between the minimum 
timeframe of the contract and the maximum timeframe of the contract and again, that can go as we said till mid June of 
next year. 

So, basically that's in place. As we look at our capital structure and our capital allocation each and every year, we have 
looked as share repurchase as being a good return of value to our shareholders, our long-term shareholders. But, really 
between now and the end of the ASR, there will not be anything additional per say. But, obviously, that still leaves time 
later in the year that we'll be able to give consideration as to what direction we want to move. 

<Q - Stephen W. Grambling>: That's helpful. Great. Thanks. Good luck into the holiday. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 

<Q - Matthew R. Boss>: Hi, Bob. How are you? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Great, Matt. How are you doing? 

<Q - Matthew R. Boss>: Can you speak the trends in the quarter on the non-food more discretionary side and did you 
see momentum that you see in October? Did you see that continuance in November? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: It's too early to say about the November, we're only a couple of weeks into it and with that shift in 
the Thanksgiving holiday, as Thanksgiving is a week later this year. It's hard to say what the trends are right now. We 
are still in our guidance and we're running a little bit heavier forecast, but it's all cloudy by Thanksgiving. But the 
trends – both of our – both consumable categories and non-consumable categories grew in the third quarter and it was 
very similar to what we experienced in the second quarter. Actually, it was our plan. We have driven our variety 
business with our front-end and our impulse and our stationery initiatives and our party initiatives. 

Our goal is to always have a balanced assortment of things you need and the things you want. Over the last several 
years, the consumable categories have grown little faster, really attributable to two things. One, the nature of the 
economy, more people needing more of the consumable product and seeing Dollar Tree as the place to shop. They 
continue to do that. But also, we have rolled out more consumable product over the last several years. So, what you saw 
beginning in Q2 this year was a little bit of a shift with the non-consumables growing a bit faster than the consumables, 
but both categories of goods grew. And I'm very pleased with that. I'm especially pleased with the shopping experience 
that that offers the customer. 

It's about the balance mix to manage our margins. We have been very successful for 27 years in managing our margins 
within a tight range, because we are always looking for that balanced mix of needs-based as well as variety 
merchandise. And so our initiatives that we rolled out last year, we're seeing the results of that. We're seeing the 
front-end and the impulse in the checkout category categories grow, again a great back-to-school with stationery 
growing, our party business is very healthy and growing and all the while, we still continue to roll out frozen and 
refrigerated. We still continue to focus on the needs-based businesses and our traffic is up. 

<Q - Matthew R. Boss>: Great. And then on the margin front, what are you seeing on the sourcing front today and any 
early thoughts on IMUs into the front? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Well, as far as margin, I've always said we're in control of that. As far as sourcing, we go to market 
with two things in mind, and one is to offer the greatest value for the dollar at a margin that we're willing to accept. 


There's always pressure on commodities up and down, they move around a little bit. The most recent trip to Asia, I did 
not go on. I have already been to three this year. So, I decided not to make the October trip, but reports from Asia were 
that everything is just fine. Again, we buy in U.S. dollars, we don't buy in the foreign currency and we negotiate a price 
based on our buying power, based on our needs and based on our relationships that is within our margin range. So, I'm 
always pretty comfortable in that margin. 

I have always said it's all about the mix of product at Dollar Tree that we sell as much as cost changes, because we 
manage the cost changes very well. We follow the mix. Sometimes customers are demanding more of the consumer 
products, which are a little lower margin, sometimes a little more discretionary products, which is higher margin and 
again, we're sort of balancing that every quarter. 

<Q - Matthew R. Boss>: Great. Good luck. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Meredith Adler with Barclays. 

<Q - Meredith Adler>: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. At the Analyst Meeting, you talked quite a bit, I 
think, about the six days less between Thanksgiving and Christmas and you talked about how successful Easter was in 
making up a timing shortfall there, and you seemed very optimistic about not – being able to make up that $25 million 
during the holidays. Any change in that view now? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Meredith, we always – we knew there was going to be six less days. We planned accordingly, and 
we're never victims. We always plan to make up. We have terrific plans, and you saw some of them at the Analyst Day. 
We have terrific plans for the fourth quarter. We have the best seasonal assortment that we've ever had. We're going to 
deliver that, we've already begun that with setting it up in our stores. 

It's absolutely the best merchandize assortment. The execution has been terrific so far. I don't expect that to change. So, 
there's nothing inherent in the business different as far, as how we execute, how we run, how we buy, how we deliver, 
how we run our stores. There's nothing new out there. I have great confidence in that. We are still subject to it, it's still 
six less days. We're subject to all the things that we didn't know at the time with the pressure on the consumer, which 
consumers are under pressure right now. And I predict that we will have customers in our stores. We'll get our share 
and I predict we're going to have a very good holiday season. That's all included in our guidance. 

<Q - Meredith Adler>: And the Street, I think, had a higher expectation for comps this quarter, in part because the 
comparison was very easy. Can you tell us whether comps met your expectations for the quarter? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Well, we're always looking for, Meredith, as much as we can get. And I will tell you, comps are 
never easy. It's always about execution. It's always about looking at what you've done and then putting your hands – 
finger on the pulse of the consumer and managing the business accordingly. I am pleased with our third quarter results, 
our revenue grew 9.5%. We had a 3.1% comp, and on that we leveraged. We had the highest third quarter operating 
margin in our history of 10.8%, 13.7% increase in earnings per share. 

So, the results were very good. And I will tell you, it was done during a very difficult environment and again, some of 
this we've known and we've been experiencing, like high unemployment and it's still high, and the customers are still 
burdened and concerned about that, higher taxes on the middle class this whole year. Recently, the reduction in food 
stamp benefit puts more pressure on the low income consumers. There is also the fear the – what's going on with 
healthcare. And you turn on the TV or pick up a newspaper and that's all you see. And the end result of that is weak 
consumer confidence. And third quarter, I think was the lowest in two years, or about two years, as I read the news. 

So consumers are cautious and we have a cautious consumer and a somewhat shortened shopping season. I think that's 
magnified when you have those short seasons. So, our job, Meredith, is to be part of the solution by offering the high 
value merchandise and a great shopping experience. We did that extremely well in the third quarter at a tough time. 


Traffic was up and as a result our revenues, our profit set a record high. We feel very confident about what we can 
control in fourth quarter and very excited about the fourth quarter. 

<Q - Meredith Adler>: Thank you very much. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Denise Chai with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Denise Chai>: Okay. Thanks for taking my question. Could you elaborate a little bit more on the fee development 
program and the kind of capital commitment we'll see there? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Sure, Denise. We started doing some fee development deals a couple years ago. And I think 
it's something that some of the other people in the discount value space have been doing for a while, but traditionally, 
we've had plenty of space available through traditional leasing available to us. As we went through the economic 
downturn, some of the developers became more capital challenged and there were not as many new spaces coming out 
of the ground. So, we looked at it as an opportunity. We obviously have the capital to deploy accordingly. 

So, we kind of stuck our toe in the water and we're starting to build up program. And I think what we like about it is the 
fact that what we've seen so far is that the performance of the one we've opened has actually exceeded our expectations, 
they've done very well. And so, I think part of that is about getting not only a good location front and center, but it's 
also about building a store that's exactly what we wanted to look like. When we can build a store that 100 x 100 or 80 x 
120 and it lays out well for us from a linear space perspective and lays out well from a merchandise perspective, it 
makes us that much more efficient and it just plays well to the consumer. 

So, we've got a lot of success from that perspective. We're going to continue to build it from an overall capital 
allocation perspective. We're going to continue to grow, I mean I think this year as we talked about our capital, our 
CapEx was a little bit higher. We raised it. We've given a range of $320 million to $330 million. We bumped that to 
$340 million. We've got about additional $10 million we put towards it this year above and beyond what we had 
originally allocated, which was closer to $30 million. 

And then so, for 2014, while we haven't given numbers, we'll probably look to bump that potentially a little bit more 
since we have the opportunity. But, it's a program we're building, the majority of our stores are still going to be through 
the traditional leasing method, but it does give us another avenue for growth. 

<Q - Denise Chai>: Great. Thanks. And just a follow-up here. Can you please quantify the distribution deleverage 
from the new DC? Was it similar to the last quarter? Because what I'm trying to get at really, with your, very strong 
gross margin is, what was the basis point shift between consumables and discretionary? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: We shifted 70 basis points to 80 basis points more discretionary versus consumables during the 
quarter. And... 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: And in regards to the distribution cost, it was similar to Q2 basically, from how it 
delevered. But, so, again, that's part of getting that store up online, or that DC up online, full operation. It does not have 
a full load of stores today that it will at some point in the future. But, it's gone very, very well. It's obviously very 
important to us up in the Northeast. We've got a lot of growth up there. So, that's very important to us. And so, it gives 
us a lot of opportunities as we go forward. 

<Q - Denise Chai>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Denise, This is Bob. On that 70 basis points to 80 basis points, that's as a percentage of mix shift. 
That's not margin. That's about 70 basis points to 80 basis points more percentage of total in the discretionary versus 
the non-discretionary. 


<Q - Denise Chai>: Got it. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: Hey, Guys. Scot Ciccarelli. Given the acceleration, we've seen in kind of the core roll outs 
going into stores in the comp base. I guess, I'm a little surprised, consumables didn't grow faster. Anything you can 
point to that maybe adversely impacted the consumables growth in the quarter and related to that, do you think you're 
still getting the same kind of sales lift as what you once saw earlier in the roll out process. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Well, we had a good roll out. We've rolled out a lot of new stores [ph] both (39:41) cool stores this 
year and again in third quarter and the stores that we've rolled out in third quarter, we had higher comps in those stores 
than in the non-freezer stores, which is as we would expect. We had higher traffic. The average ticket on the rollout is a 
little – slightly down, but just a little bit and I think that to be expected with – as you roll these out consumers typically 
give you a try first, and then they respond if they like it. So, I think that's what we're seeing with as [ph] many cooler 

(40:18) rollouts as we've had. 
By the way we had in those stores that we rolled out the new cooler programs, we saw a lift across all category – both 
discretionary and non-discretionary. So, it's doing what we expected. We've always said that the frozen or refrigerated 

– the machine of that is to satisfy the customer and drive more traffic and more frequent purchases. And that's exactly 
what we're seeing as we roll out these new cooler stores. 
And just to the point there though, I'm not disappointed in our growth and in our consumable business – it's growing 
too. Both categories are growing, we've always said that we're looking for that balanced mix of sales and things you 
need and things you want. And as one grows a little faster, we're always pushing on the other side to grow that a little 
faster and I think that's what we're seeing the result of those initiatives that we kicked off last year in stationery, in our 
front-end, in our party business, in our seasonal business. They're working. And they're growing faster, because we put 
a lot more emphasis, we've expanded the assortment, we've expanded the inventory, we've reviewed our signing, we've 
really increased the focus in our stores on execution in those categories. 

So, our summer business is still comping year-over-year-over-year, it's just that the discretionary business. It all has to 
add up to 100 by the way and the discretionary business is growing a little faster now and that's healthy. That turns into 
better operating margin. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: Yeah. And that's very helpful, Bob. And then, Kevin, can I just clarify something you said 
regarding SG&A. You gave us a bunch of give and takes. Did you say SG&A would have leveraged 20 basis points on 
a kind of an apples-to-apples basis? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: That's correct. So, if you remember, last year, we had a benefit from a legal settlement and 
it was equated about 20 basis points, so that was a headwind basically for this quarter. So, without it, we would have 
leveraged 20 basis points. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: Got it. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Dan Wewer with Raymond James. 

<Q - Dan R. Wewer>: Thanks. Good morning, Bob. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Good morning, Dan. 


<Q - Dan R. Wewer>: The increased promotional activity at other multiple price point discounters, how is that – how 
do you think that's impacting Dollar Tree? And how do you respond given your commitment to that $1 price point? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Dan, I feel exactly the way I've always felt that our success is really driven on focusing on the 
customer and doing what we do best. Other retailers I respect them all highly. They have a model that run that they run 
their business by that may include price promotions, it might include more advertising and the like. We really don't and 
actually, I'd like to see more customers out shopping and as early as possible and if I can re-locate our stores where 
middle America lives and shops. And if we can get some of the traffic into our stores when customers out shopping. 
We think we can get our share of that. We're focused on – everything's a $1, we are focused on value for our customers 
and running great stores. 

And we watch what competitors do. We are knowledgeable about what's going on in the industry, but at the end of the 
day, our success is going to be driven on how well we execute on our plan. And that's what we continue to stay focused 
on. I think we're still dead center in the crosshairs of what consumers are needing. We have that balance mix of things 
you need, things you want, and everything is still a $1 and the excitement around going into one of our stores and 
everything being $1 and finding something that you didn't expect is still evident in our customers. 

<Q - Dan R. Wewer>: Also a question about Canada. You reminded us you still see a 1,000-store opportunity. I 
believe you also indicated new store productivity in Canada is probably not where you wanted to be. Can you talk 
about what's working in Canada and what's not working compared to what you thought a couple years ago? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Yeah. And some of the enthusiasm I have over Canada is exactly that the opportunity improved the 
productivity of the stores. We opened 36 stores this year through Q3 in Canada and we ended with a 176 stores. That's 
about 26% so far. We've more than doubled the size since we bought the Canadian stores in what late 2010. All of our 
stores have now been re-bannered. We finished that this year. So, they're all Dollar Tree Canada, all except for maybe, 
you find a handful of small stores that we didn't re-banner because we're probably looking to expand those stores 
anyway. 

Service level and our in-stock position on merchandise is improving. The shopping experience continues to improve as 
the stores develop more seasonal presence. By the way we're now ready for the holidays in Canada. The stores – if you 
walked into the Dollar Tree Canada store you'll see a lot of the same excitement and enthusiasm and the merchandise 
mix. 

We've made a lot of investments so far, investments in infrastructure and systems and training and we now have 
consistent year-over-year data which we can use to base ourselves and assortment planning decisions on, so that's 
working. I'm very proud of the Canadian team and I'm proud of really members on both sides of the border and all that 
they've done. The opportunity in Canada is still as great as we saw in the beginning and I'm really pleased with where 
we're coming but we do have opportunity to increase our – not only our store count but the productivity of new stores 
and the productivity of existing stores, through merchandise and merchandising. 

<Q - Dan R. Wewer>: Just to follow-up real quickly then if I could, just is it Dollarama proving to be a more 
formidable competitor or is it on the items above $1 that you're carrying in Canada perhaps they are not as relevant, not 
as value added? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: It's more us again it's – and Dollarama by the way, is a nice company. We've always admired what 
they've done there. Their financials are terrific and frankly I view that as I don't know it's there to be done. But the – 
just think about all we've changed since we bought the company. We've changed every part of the mix. We've changed 
new people, we've got new systems, we've got new processes, we've gotten rid of old merchandise that was part of the 
old assortment. We've pushed in new merchandise as part of a new assortment. We've put in POS and systems and new 
logistics and all the things that we've done is really been a period of investment and invention and building of the 
history in order to take advantage of it. 

So, it's still, I mean, no matter what you say, there is good competitors everywhere, and Dollarama is indeed one, but 
the Canadian customers love what we do. And there is something special about everything in the stores a C$1.25. We 
are the largest at the single price point. We want to – that's the niche that we want to own, is everything is one price, 


everything has a great value. You're buying the things that you need. And by the way, when you shop in the stores, you 
find things you didn't expect and it was only C$1.25. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Joan Storms with Wedbush Securities. 

<Q - Joan L. Storms>: Hi. Good morning, everyone. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Hi Joan. 

<Q - Joan L. Storms>: Hi. I just want to dive a little bit deeper into the SG&A line. Were there unusual expenses in 
the third quarter for example on the – Kevin, I think you had said that the increase in healthcare or health insurance and 
then, operating expenses were also up and anything and then, also the store supply and professional fees, are those – 
anything unusual there that you might have been able to lever on that comp? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Well, I would tell you, so, we have talked to each of those, Joan. If we look at for example 
debit and credit fees, a year ago in Q4, we rolled out MasterCard to the rest of our stores, it had been about 1,000 stores 
when we rolled it to the rest of the chain. What we have seen since then is our credit card business has grown by about 
2.5%, it actually grew by 2.7% in Q3. So, we'll actually anniversary that coming into Q4 here. So, obviously, a bigger 
percentage of our business is being done in card business, we're up to, combined between debit and credit, a little over 
40% of our business is now there, wasn't all that long ago when it was about a third. So it's grown, continues to grow. 

So – and again, so that's something we get – we have to pay our processors at the end of the day, so that's up. As we 
look at things like health insurance, our health insurance was a pretty big headwind in the quarter, in the sense we were 
up 17 basis points. And our health insurance, we're self-insured and basically, we've just had a lot of large claims this 
year. I've been doing this long enough to know that, every once in a while, you have a year like that, where things just 
seem to come in one after another and – but that's just the way it is, it's self-insured, we pay it. And we'll go down the 
road and understand that it just seems to be an unusual year for us from a natural claims points of view. It's not like 
there's anything related to the Affordable Care Act per se, or anything like that, that's part of that. It's really just the 
normal course of business. 

In store supplies, I think a little bit of it is just a little bit of new fixturing and a little bit of getting ready for the holiday 
season with bags. Probably our biggest expense overall in store supplies in any given year is the bags we use in our 
stores for customers that carry product out in and costs have been just slightly higher this year, and those get allocated 
as we ship to the store. So I think that's a little bit of that at the end of the day. 

So, those are just some of the things that, that we saw during the quarter. And then, as per Scot's question, I think it 
was, the idea, the fact that we had the benefit the last year, 20 basis point benefit last year, so that was an automatic 
headwind heading into the quarter. 

<Q - Joan L. Storms>: Okay. And then any guidance – obviously, we had the 53rd week last year, you had the higher 
sales, plus you had higher SG&A, anything abnormal in that SG&A from last year that you could point out? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Nothing that comes to mind at the end of the day, obviously you're right from a 
comparability, it's not comparable going into the – our guidance compared to that. I mean the big thing is obviously the 
extra week of sales. The biggest effect there is in the occupancy line because basically, you have 12 months of expense 
in each year, but the one year you get that extra $125 million. So we'll see significant deleveraging year-over-year in 
the fourth quarter because of the occupancy [ph] costs up and (51:51) gross profit. So that will be there and we know 
that's there, but that's obviously all built into our guidance at the end of the day. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. We'll go next to Dan Binder with Jefferies. 


<Q - Daniel T. Binder>: Hi, it's Dan Binder. Good morning. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Good morning, Dan. 

<Q - Daniel T. Binder>: Question on your category management, you've done a lot this year to try and expand the 
categories that have been growing nicely. I'm just curious, as you look ahead, do you see any emerging categories that 
you think are worth adding to the store, or is there any further tweaking of categories in the store, not necessarily for 
holiday, but as we go into next year? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Yeah, Dan, it's – there's really nothing, no new categories. We're going to continue, as we go 
forward, to roll out our frozen and refrigerated as we open new stores and as we find existing stores that meet the 
criteria, so that's an initiative that's ongoing. There is still room to continue to roll those out. We are looking at our 
variety experience as we go forward, not just more categories or even necessarily more space, but just that excitement 
around seasonal, that excitement around the [ph] tween (53:09) business, that excitement around our party, and all of 
the events. We really want to own those holidays. So, as we look at the layouts of our stores, as we look at the way the 
merchandise flows, we're doing a lot of work around continuing to maximize sales and earnings through that variety 
experience, because those categories aren't – they're margin, but they're also the excitement. 

They're part of the reason that you shop at Dollar Tree. You find things you didn't expect. We speak of the seasons as 
changing like the leaves on the trees. And so we really have focused on execution, changing out from one season to the 
next quickly, really starting with that new seasonal impact early on in the season and how we display that and how 
we're going to sign that, and how we're going to merchandise that. So, it's really more of those kinds of things than it is 
one more SKU or four more feet of this or a new category. 

<Q - Daniel T. Binder>: My follow-on question is not related to merchandising, but a separate question on 
cannibalization. I know you guys are focused on that. In the past, at the different analyst meetings you've hosted. Just 
curious, so are you seeing anything in terms of changes in self-cannibalization? In other words, with new store 
productivity good, but comps a little softer, do you think that some of your comp stores are being affected by the new 
store openings? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Yeah Dan, as we have a financial planning and analysis group that works hand-in-hand 
with our real estate group as we built our models over the year, not only in the way we build our pro forma sales 
models, but also cannibalization model. And they've worked, and our models have proven to be very accurate at the 
end of the day. And, but, we really haven't seen any significant difference in the cannibalization levels. And I think 
what we've found is that actually we can put stores a little bit closer together than maybe we thought in the past, based 
upon various inputs into the model. 

So, I think realistically if anything we've proven that, we can dense up markets, we can continue to build out 
marketplaces with more stores and really do just fine. And part of our analysis when we're looking at opening new 
stores is really not only on individual store returns with our hurdle rates for individual stores on return on invested 
capital. But then there is also hurdle rates as it relates to the market ROIC. So, if we're going into a marketplace, we 
know we're going to have some cannibalization. We'll actually look at the market ROIC as well and verify that it meets 
the level that we're very satisfied with as we look at how we deploy our capital, so that's kind of the way we're looking 
at it right now. 

Operator 

Thank you. That concludes today's question-and-answer session. Mr. Reid, I'd like to turn the conference back over to 
you for any additional or closing remarks. 

Timothy J. Reid 


Thank you very much. And I want to thank all of you on the call for your participation today, for your interest in the 
company, and most importantly as always for your investment in Dollar Tree. Our next sales and earnings release and 
conference call are scheduled for Wednesday, February 26, 2014. In the meantime have a Happy Thanksgiving and a 
great holiday. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. We appreciate your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


