Q1 2015 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Randy Guiler 
• Robert L. Sasser 
• Kevin S. Wampler 
Other Participants 

• Stephen W. Grambling 
• Sean Stephen Kras 
• Scot Ciccarelli 
• Dan R. Wewer 
• Laura Champine 
• Michael Louis Lasser 
• Charles P. Grom 
• Paul E. Trussell 
• Daniel T. Binder 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Dollar Tree's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is 
being recorded and at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Vice President of Investor Relations, Randy 
Guiler. Please go ahead, sir. 

Randy Guiler 

Thank you, Amy. Good morning and welcome to our call to discuss Dollar Tree's performance for the first quarter of 
fiscal 2015. Our call will be led by CEO, Bob Sasser, who will share insights on our performance and initiatives. Kevin 
Wampler, our CFO, will provide a more detailed review of the first quarter financial performance and will share our 
outlook. 

I would like to remind everyone that various remarks that we will make about future expectations, plans, and prospects 
for the company constitute forward-looking statements for the purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private 
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking 
statements as a result of various factors. These factors are included in our press release, most recent 8-K, 10-Q and 
10-K, which are on file with the SEC. We have no obligation to update our forward-looking statements, and you should 
not expect us to do so. 

Unless otherwise noted, all margin, net income and earnings comparisons presented today do exclude the impact of the 
Family Dollar acquisition related costs for the first quarter. Acquisition related costs are included in the adjustments 
column of the consolidated income statement in today's earnings release. 

Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call to your questions. Please limit your questions to one with one 
follow-up, if necessary. I will now turn the call over to Bob Sasser, Dollar Tree's Chief Executive Officer. 


Robert L. Sasser 

Thank you, Randy, and good morning, everyone. This morning we announced results for the first quarter of fiscal 
2015. Same-store sales on a constant currency basis increased 3.4% in the quarter, driven by both increased traffic and 
increased average ticket. Adjusted for the impact of Canadian currency fluctuations, the same-store sales increase was 
3.1%. 

Total sales grew 8.8% to $2.18 billion, operating income increased by $11.3 million or 4.9%, and operating margin for 
the quarter was 11.2% compared to 11.6% from the prior year's first quarter. Net income increased 5.8% to $146.3 
million, and adjusted earnings per diluted share increased 6% to $0.71 compared with first quarter 2014 earnings of 
$0.67 per diluted share. 

First quarter results continue to validate the relevance of Dollar Tree. Customers are shopping with us more often; we 
are attracting new customers every day, and when the customers are in the store they are buying more. Comp sales for 
the quarter grew as a result of increases in both traffic and average ticket. This was a unique quarter with several 
external factors impacting Dollar Tree and other retailers. In particular, a calendar shift with Easter falling two weeks 
earlier this year, we estimate the impact of the holiday calendar shift was a negative $8 million to sales, and 
additionally, the recent West Coast port slowdown increased in severity. It lasted longer than expected and it negatively 
impacted our earnings as higher margin import merchandise was delayed in getting to the stores. This resulted in lost 
high-margin sales in the first quarter, incremental transportation and delivery cost per shipments that had to be reverted 
to alternate facilities and increased labor cost as stores managed uncertain product flow and delivery schedules. 

The good news is that we're reasonably caught up in the DCs, the merchandise flow of our imports coming through the 
West Coast is more normalized, product is shipping to the stores more efficiently, and our customer are seeing fresh, 
new high-value merchandise in the stores. I am particularly proud of our merchandise logistics and store teams who 
worked hard to execute the plan during this timeframe. Despite these challenges, both sales and earnings were at the 
midpoint of our range of guidance for the quarter. 

Dollar Tree continues to be part of the solution for millions of consumers as they strive to balance their household 
budgets. We serve a very loyal and growing customer base. Our commitment is to continue serving our existing 
customers better while taking every opportunity to gain new customers in every store every day. Our merchants do a 
great job sourcing product that exceeds customer expectations for what $1 can buy at a cost that fits our margin 
requirements and our store teams focus on providing a clean, fun and friendly shopping experience. 

Customers know that when they pull into the parking lot at Dollar Tree everything is going to be priced at just $1 per 
item. Our merchandise values are better than ever and our operating margin continues to lead the discount retail sector. 

First quarter same-store sales on a constant currency basis were solid at 3.4%. Both traffic and average ticket increased, 
and as expected, March was our strongest comp month reflecting the Easter calendar shift. Adjusting for the holiday 
shift, same-store sales were relatively balanced by month throughout the quarter. 

Sales performance across the home, seasonal and basics divisions were tightly grouped, and our sales increase resulted 
from strength in both basic consumables and discretionary products with discretionary products leading the way. 

Top-performing categories included party supplies, food and household products. Geographically, with the exception of 
our western zone, comp sales performance across the country was relatively consistent in the first quarter. Delayed 
receipts related to port congestion primarily impacted our western stores. Despite these challenges, our western zone 
still produced slightly positive same-store sales in the first quarter. 

Seasonal energy was high throughout the quarter beginning with Valentine's Day. In addition to party essentials, our 
stores were well stocked with cards, gifts, gift bags, balloons and candy for that special purpose or that special person. 
Seasonal sell-through was good, and stores quickly and efficiently transitioned to St. Patrick's Day and Easter. 


While the seasonal displays shout red in February, they quickly turn to green in early March with hats, necklaces, socks 
and party supplies for St. Patrick's Day. And for Easter, our customers found jellybeans, Easter bunnies, chocolate 
candy baskets and basket stuffers, everything necessary to build colorful, cost-effective Easter baskets for the kids. And 
for the party planners, our high-value assortment of entertaining needs including baking products, plates, bowls, cups 
and napkins was well received. 

We continue to invest in our customers by offering high-value product. In addition to the seasonal energy in first 
quarter, our President's Day event emphasized unbelievable values on many name brand bonus buys, especially in our 
food, snack, beverage and household supplies. We offered tremendous values and all priced at just $1 per item. 

And not to forget the basics, throughout the quarter we highlighted our million-dollar brands with signing and special 
displays of these everyday items that provide great values to our customers, especially to meet their spring cleaning and 
spring decorating needs. 

We ended the quarter with our inventory clean, well balanced, and stores prepared for Mother's Day and summer fun. 
As we entered May and our fiscal second quarter, we've been pleased with early sales and traffic trends. 

Looking forward, we are positioned for increased relevance to our customers, sustained growth and improved 
profitability. We have multiple opportunities to continue growing and improving our businesses through opening more 
stores, increasing the productivity of all of our stores and further developing our new formats, new markets and new 
channels as growth vehicles. 

In the first quarter, we opened 93 new stores and we relocated and expanded 10 existing stores for a total of 103 
projects. Total square footage increased 7.1%. We ended the quarter with 5,454 stores and we are on track with our 
plan for fiscal 2015, which includes 400 new stores and 75 relocations and expansion for a total of 475 projects across 
the U.S. and Canada. As a reminder, square footage growth for the full year is planned to increase 7.2% over fiscal 
2014. 

In addition to new stores, we continue to execute our strategy to improve productivity of our existing stores. Some of 
our drive-the-business initiatives include, first of all, our category expansions where customers are realizing more value 
as we rationalize and expand assortments in pet supplies, hardware, healthcare, beauty and eyewear, as well as home 
and household products. 

Seasonal relevance, always important at Dollar Tree. Our store fronts change with the seasons. At Dollar Tree we want 
to own the seasons at the $1 price point. Merchandise energy and the thrill of the hunt is throughout the store. At Dollar 
Tree, you always find an unexpected value. And being first-of-the-month ready is important. We place special 
emphasis on basic consumable core items at the beginning of each month when many customers are shopping for basic 
needs. 

Additionally, we're continuing the expansion of our frozen and refrigerated category. In the first quarter, we installed 
freezers and coolers in 96 additional stores. We currently offer frozen and refrigerated product in 3,716 stores and we're 
growing. Frozen and refrigerated merchandise is generally lower margin, but it's faster turning, more frequently 
purchased and the increase in shopping frequency provides Dollar Tree the opportunity to drive incremental sales 
across all categories, including the higher margin discretionary product. Most importantly, the product serves the needs 
of our customer. 

In addition to Dollar Tree stores in the U.S., Dollar Tree Canada and Deals are key brands in our portfolio and key 
components of our growth strategy. In the first quarter, we grew our store count in Canada by opening 10 new stores, 
bringing our Dollar Tree Canada store base to 218 stores. We're building the merchant and store teams in Canada to 
better serve the Canadian customer. We're leveraging the buying power of Dollar Tree. Our merchants are sourcing 
higher value product and our Canadian customers are finding broader, more exciting assortments and better values in 
the stores. 

We continue to be pleased with the progress we're making in Canada and we followed a strong Q4 performance with 
another solid quarter in Q1, growing comp sales through increases in both average ticket and transaction count. We 


have significant growth potential in Canada. We're confident the Canadian market will support up to 1,000 Dollar Tree 
stores and this is in addition to the 7,000 store potential for Dollar Tree in the United States. We want to be recognized 
by customers as the leading retailer in Canada at the single price point of C$1.25 just as we are in the U.S. at the $1 

U.S. price point. 
Our Deals format further extends our ability to serve more customers. By lifting the restriction of the $1 price point is 
providing the opportunity to serve more customers with more categories. Our Deals stores provide great values on 
everyday essentials, party goods, seasonal and home product. The stores operate using a multi price point strategy and 
have the potential to generate greater revenues with a higher average ticket. We concluded the first quarter with a total 
of 221 Deals stores. 

In addition to Dollar Tree, Dollar Tree Canada and Deals, we're pleased with the growth and performance of our online 
business. Dollar Tree Direct provides an opportunity to broaden our customer base, drive incremental sales, expand 
brand awareness and attract more customers into our stores. For 2015, we have a focused commitment to driving traffic 
to our website. In addition to creating brand awareness and brand advocacy, we are committed to driving sales to both 
our e-commerce division and our stores. In the first quarter, we saw more than 12 million visits to our website through 
desktops, laptops, pads and phones. 

To help drive traffic to our site, we're employing a tremendous effort to reach out to existing and potential customers 
using a variety of marketing mechanisms. These include e-mails, social media, search engine marketing, video 
marketing and our Value Seekers Club. In fact, in Q1, we connected with 2 million customers via Facebook, YouTube, 
Twitter and Pinterest. These avenues enabled us to better understand what our customers like, what they want and how 
we can serve them better. Additionally, we continue to utilize themes on our site to display our exciting lines of product 
to support events, whether the theme is Valentine's Day, St. Patrick's Day, Easter, spring fling or summer fun, we have 
great selections of products at tremendous values. 

In April, we launched our graduation event, which runs through June. Our stores are well stocked with the right colors 
to provide their customers with fantastic values for their graduation party needs. Customers are using our store color 
finder tool on our website to quickly identify which of their local stores have their school colors. We recently 
distributed our summer catalog to more than 600,000 existing and potential customers. The catalog is chock full of 
amazing offers to provide customers with great summer items, all priced at just $1. 

As technology evolves and markets change, our e-commerce team continues to have success and is staying on point 
with our tech-savvy customers and connecting with them effectively and efficiently. 

With multiple formats, inventory management is very important. That's something we watch carefully, and our 
inventory continues to be extremely well managed and our turns continue to increase. In the past 12 months, we've 
grown our store base by 7.4%, yet our overall inventory dollars have grown only 4.9%. Our seasonal sell-through in the 
first quarter was strong, our basic in-stock was maintained and when the customers were shopping our stores were 
ready to serve them. Thanks to the efforts of our merchant, logistics and store teams, inventory turns increased for the 
quarter again. And we're all well prepared to support second quarter 2015 sales plans. 

As you know, we've always supported our planned growth with infrastructure and distribution capacity ahead of the 
need. We are now in the final stages of determining the location for a new and an additional DC in the southeast. We 
plan to break ground on DC 11 this year and have the facility online up and running and operating in Q3 of 2016 and 
we will provide more details on this project as our plans are finalized. 

Now, I'll turn the call over to Kevin to provide more detail on our financial metrics and our outlook for 2015. 

Kevin S. Wampler 

Thank you, Bob. As Bob mentioned, our adjusted first quarter earnings increased 6% to $0.71 per diluted share. Once 
again, we are pleased with another quarter of strong same-store sales. Our constant currency of 3.4% comp sales 
performance was composed of a 2.1% increase in traffic and a 1.3% increase in average ticket. 


Geographically, our sales performance was nicely balanced across the zones, with the exception of the western zone as 
they experienced the majority of the port disruption impact. However, despite experiencing delayed shipments, our 
western zone still produced slightly positive same-store sales. 

Starting with gross profit, our gross profit margin was 34.4% during the first quarter compared with 34.8% in the prior 
year's first quarter. The year-over-year decline was primarily attributable for the following factors. Rate cost for the 
percentage of sales increased as domestic trucking rates were higher. The increase was partially offset by lower diesel 
costs. Additionally, we incurred added freight costs by rerouting some imports to alternate ports. 

Secondly, we incurred an approximate 10 basis point unfavorable impact related to the $2 million non-cash charge for 
the change in the inventory accounting method for our Canadian operations to conform Canada's policy to our U.S. 
policy. This charge was expected and disclosed in the guidance provided in February for the first quarter. 

Shrink results for the quarter also negatively impacted our margin results. Excluding acquisition-related costs, SG&A 
expenses were 23.2% of sales for the quarter, flat to – as a percent of sales compared to the first quarter last year. 
Payroll-related expenses increased 10 basis points for the quarter, as store bonuses increased based on the company's 
sales performance and insurance costs related to healthcare claims increase. These are partially offset by reduced store 
payroll due to improved productivity. 

Appreciation expense decreased by approximately 10 basis points as result leverage from same-store sales increase. 
Adjusted operating income increased $11.3 million compared the first quarter last year, and adjusted operating margin 
declined 40 basis points compared to last year's company record, first-quarter operating margin 11.2%. 

Non-operating expenses for the first quarter increased $111.5 million from the prior year quarter, primarily due to an 
increase in interest expense related to the financing for our pending acquisition of Family Dollar. 

As projected, on our prior earnings call, our tax rate for the quarter was 38.4% versus 38.2% in the first quarter of last 
year. Looking at the balance sheet and statement of cash flow, cash and cash equivalents at quarter-end totaled $870.4 
million compared to $387.1 million at the end of the first quarter of 2013. 

We also have restricted cash of $7.2 billion related to the proceeds from issuance of the senior notes in term loan B for 
the Family Dollar acquisition. The proceeds are being held in an escrow account until the closing of the acquisition. 

Our consolidated inventory at quarter end was 4.9% greater than at the same time last year, while selling square footage 
increased 7.1%. Consolidated inventory for selling square foot decreased to 2.1%. Our inventory turn increased in the 
first quarter and we expect continued improvement in inventory turns for the full year. We believe that current 
inventory levels are appropriate to support scheduled new store openings and our sales initiatives for the second 
quarter. 

Capital expenditures were $66.9 million in the first quarter of 2015 versus $71.9 million in the first quarter of last year. 
For the full year 2015, we are planning for consolidated capital expenditures to range from $465 million to $475 
million. Capital expenditures will be focused on new stores and remodels, including additional fee development stores, 
the addition of frozen and refrigerated capability to approximately 320 stores, IT system enhancement and the 
construction of our new Southwest distribution center. 

Depreciation and amortization totaled $52.8 million for the first quarter versus $50.7 million in the first quarter of last 
year. For 2015, we expect depreciation and amortization to range from $215 million to $225 million. 

Our guidance for 2015 takes into account the actual performance in the first quarter and except for small refinements to 
the share count and the tax rate is unchanged from that which we issued on February 26. It includes the following 
assumptions. First, we completed our May 1 ocean freight negotiations with no material change from our prior 
assumptions. As always, we cannot predict the direction of diesel prices for the next year. For this reason, our guidance 
assumes that diesel prices will remain similar to the current levels on average throughout fiscal 2015. 


We also cannot predict future currency fluctuations, so we have not adjusted our guidance for changes in currency 
rates. Our guidance also assumes a tax rate of 38.3% for the second quarter and 38.1% for the full year. Weighted 
average diluted share counts are assumed to be 207.1 million shares for the second quarter and for the full year. 

Sales and earnings per share outlook then for the second quarter are as follows: For the second quarter of 2015, we are 
forecasting sales to range from $2.17 billion to $2.23 billion and diluted earnings per share excluding 
acquisition-related costs in the range of $0.63 to $0.68, which would represent a 3% to 11% increase compared to the 
second quarter of 2014 earnings excluding acquisition-related costs of $0.61 per diluted share. 

The sales range implies a low to low mid-single-digit comparable store sales increase, an 8% square footage growth. 
Additionally, we have not included any acquisition-related costs in our second-quarter outlook as we cannot currently 
forecast the timing of when these costs will be incurred. 

Our outlook for the remaining three quarters remains unchanged. For the full fiscal year of 2015, we are now 
forecasting sales in the range of $9.24 billion to $9.42 billion based on a low to low mid-single-digit increase in 
same-store sales and 7.3% square footage growth. 

Diluted earnings per share excluding acquisition-related costs are now expected to range from $3.32 to $3.47. This 
represents an increase of 6% to 11% over 2014 earnings per diluted share, excluding acquisition related costs of $3.12. 

I'll now turn the call back over to Bob. 

Robert L. Sasser 

Thanks, Kevin. Before going to Q&A, I know that you all want to hear the latest news on our acquisition of Family 
Dollar. I hope you have seen the press release. In addition, I will tell you that the strategic rationale for the Deal is more 
compelling than ever. We know much more now than we did 12 months ago and are even more enthusiastic about the 
long-term transformative nature of this transaction for Dollar Tree. 

I know you're aware this is an extremely large and complex transaction involving more than 13,000 retail store 
locations. It is the largest of any previous retail merger. Needless to say, this process has taken longer than any of us 
anticipated. We're continuing to work very hard to close the transaction as soon as possible. And our current 
expectation is that we can have this transaction completed in early July. 

Throughout this lengthy process, we've continued with our integration planning. Our integration teams have developed 
detailed strategies, objective and tasks with assigned milestones for achieving these tasks. We have great confidence in 
our opportunity and ability to achieve at least $300 million in annual run rate synergies by the end of year three. These 
synergies will be achieved through a combination of both direct and indirect sourcing, banner optimization, also called 
re-bannering, logistics and overhead. 

Our priority areas of focus will be on the customer, involving the merchandise assortment to increased value and better 
meet their needs. The customer experience in the stores, we want to create a more exciting, inviting customer-friendly 
environment. To do that, we're going to have to lower the field turnover, we're going to have to support the store 
initiatives and develop a more performance-based culture throughout the company. And, of course, we want to and are 
continuing to work very hard on plans to increase store productivity by modifying assortments to improve sales and 
inventory productivity and existing stores, while improving new store remodel and expansion performance. 

We plan to employ a disciplined approach to driving key strategic initiatives to the combined organization through 
improved communication, analysis, collaboration and incentives. We're confident that placing our initial emphasis in 
these areas can materially enhance operating performance of the Family Dollar brand through improvements in sales, 
margins, expense control and greater customer satisfaction. 

Both Dollar Tree and Family Dollar are ready to integrate. Our teams are incredibly excited about this opportunity to 
grow our business for the long-term, by adding the Family Dollar banner to the Dollar Tree portfolio of brands. As 
always, we will manage this business with a focus on what is best for our stakeholders, including our customers, our 


vendor partners, our associates, and importantly, our long-term shareholders. 

I am pleased with our position at Dollar Tree in the market as the leader in value retailing at the fixed price of $1. And 
I'm incredibly excited about Dollar Tree's future. The Dollar Tree business model is powerful, flexible, and more 
relevant than ever, providing extreme value to customers, while recording record levels of earnings. 

Our model has been tested by time and validated by history. For 29 consecutive quarters, Dollar Tree has delivered 
positive same-store sales increases. Through good times and difficult times, in all retail cycles, consumers are looking 
for value, no matter the state of the economy. Our operating margin continues to lead the discount sector. 

We remain committed to the concept our customers love and we are positioned for continued profitable growth for 
many years ahead. We have a talented management team that has a long history of retail success. 

And, importantly, we look forward to welcoming the Family Dollar organization into our company. With the addition 
of Family Dollar, we will be a bigger, stronger, and more diversified business, better able to serve more customers in 
more markets with exactly what they're looking for, great value. 

It's a great time to be Dollar Tree. Our inventories are clean and fresh. The shelves are full with the right product and 
our values have never been better. 

Operator, we're now ready for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] First, we'll go to Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Stephen W. Grambling>: Hey, good morning, and thanks for taking my question. I appreciate all the color on 
the port, but is there any way to quantify the impact more specifically on comps and margins or even relative to the 
Easter shift? 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: It's hard to quantify the exact impact. We've looked at it seven different ways and there's 
always this and that and the other, but the evidence is there that our West Coast stores underperformed. We did, we 
scrambled all quarter, really starting last year, but it got a little more severe in the first quarter. We did all the things 
that we were able to do as far as shipping merchandise earlier to get it into the stores earlier. We used alternate ports. 
We used different modes of transportation once we guide into those ports to get it to the right place. And we just 
scrambled all quarter, which the effect was, we actually had our Easter product in and our Valentine's product in. 

But it was all the other things that all the basics that we import, the housewares and all the textiles and all those apparel 
items for the upcoming summer season, and all those things that were slow in getting in. And then of course once they 
hit the coast, as you know, they were just anchored out there, lots of ships anchored with lots of containers that 
continued to unload, but it was slower. And all the freight that was coming into those West Coast ports starting backing 
up, which made it even more complex. 

We were negatively impacted in multiple ways, first of all top-line sales, especially in the West Coast stores, and it was 
the higher-margin product that was delayed. It was our imports, so top-line sales were impacted. Margin was impacted. 
Freight, we spent more money on transportation and we had more costs as product was rerouted to alternate ports. And 
then of course, the disruption in the stores as the store teams had plans to set whatever product, whatever promotion, it 
was just it always came, but it was late and the timing was off, which made our stores really work a lot harder. There 
was more uncertainty in unloading when the product was coming in and getting it on the shelf. 

So all of that together, it's just really hard to put your fingers around. I will tell you that we finished, we still, with the 
disruption, we still hit the midpoint of our range of guidance on sales and earnings. If not for the port disruption, it 
would have been better. 


<Q - Stephen W. Grambling>: And so I guess as we look forward, as a related follow-up, did the port disruptions 
actually open up some opportunities for some excess product that you could potentially buy and some of these better 
values and position you better as you look forward? And we'd already seen some of these in the store. So I guess the 
question also is how many more opportunities are there to expand those better value products across the chain? Thanks. 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: That's a good point. I mean, we look at that all the time. We work on it every day. We have a 
part of our organization focused on just that opportunity all the time, taking advantage of product that is maybe a little 
just late or could be for all the reasons, the product may be distressed and we could buy it even cheaper and offer 
greater values to our customers. So that opportunity is there. We intend to continue to take advantage of that. 

But most importantly, for the most part, this port issue is behind us. And as we entered second quarter, it's early in 
second quarter, we were able to set our Mother's Day product. We had really nice Mother's Day sell-through. So and a 
nice performance in our stores for our Mother's Day product. We're seeing new product on the shelves. When our 
customers come in now, they're seeing all the things that we expected them to see, that we wanted them to see, and 
they're reacting pretty well to it. So we're pleased to be past the – best news about the port slowdown is we're pretty 
much past it. 

<Q - Stephen W. Grambling>: Sounds good. Thanks so much. I'll jump back in the queue. 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. And next, we'll hear from Meredith Adler, Barclays. 

<Q - Sean Stephen Kras>: Sean Kras on for Meredith. Thanks for taking my question. Just wondering if you guys are 
seeing any changes in the competitive environment? And some competitors are adding store labor. Wondering if this is 
something that maybe you're considering for some stores? 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Well, two questions. First of all, I'll jump in there, but competition is always there. Retail is 
extremely competitive, always has been. We compete with a very wide variety of retailers. I really can't tell you that 
I'm seeing anything extra special. It seems like it's always been competitive to me. Our focus continues, has always 
been, and will continue to be on our business. First and foremost, what can we do better to serve our customers. We 
shop other retailers. We watch what they're doing. We strive to be proactive and not reactionary to what others are 
doing. That said, we're not seeing, I don't see any significant changes in the overall competitive landscape. It's always 
been very competitive. 

As to the, I think you talked about the minimum wage and the hourly rates. We watch the industry trends carefully, and 
of course we're compliant with all the state and federal regulations. Those are changing. We're watching that. We're 
responding appropriately to those. Our goal is to pay a competitive wage by market in order to fill our workforce needs 
based on the prevailing rates. We've made no plans for a sweeping change to our minimum wage rates. As always, we'll 
work very hard to be competitive on the rates while working to offset cost increases in general through increased sales 
and productivity initiatives. 

<Q - Sean Stephen Kras>: Thanks for that. And just to clarify, just it seems like you're not contemplating actually 
adding more incremental labor to stores, but obviously you have thoughts on actual wages themselves. But just no 
anticipated changes in actual amount of labor is what you're saying? 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Probably not in the way you're thinking. 

<Q - Sean Stephen Kras>: Okay. 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: We've always ramped our store labor to the sales. So when you say aren't planning to add any 
more labor to stores, we're planning to increase sales. So as we increase sales, we'll continue to manage our labor and 
our payroll to match that sales component. But we have no initiative like we've seen maybe in some other retailers to 


just ramp up carte blanche across the board. 

<Q - Sean Stephen Kras>: Thanks, Bob, appreciate that. I'll get back in the queue. 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Sure. 

Operator 

Thank you. Next, we'll hear from Scot Ciccarelli, RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: Good morning, guys. 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Good morning. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: Can you give us an idea of how big your western division is and maybe the magnitude of 
performance that that experience versus maybe the other divisions? 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: I can give you the first part of the question. If you look at just the West Coast DCs and the 
store service data there, it's about 30%. And it changes throughout the season and month-over-month, 
quarter-over-quarter, but just for the most part around 30%. If you add in the Texas distribution, Oklahoma distribution 
center, it goes up to 38% to 40%, something like that, as a percentage of our product, of imports that are coming 
through. I think that's what you were – I believe that's what you were trying to get at. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: Yes. Absolutely, Bob. And was the Texas DC also impacted? 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Absolutely. Matter of fact, it may have been the most highly impacted because once we got it 
unloaded, the snarl unloaded and got possession of the goods, the Texas DC product then has to go on rail. And by the 
way, lots of people were trying to do the same thing, and then there was shortage of railcars. And it was the usual 
debacle that create when everybody's looking for the same commodity at the same time. So frankly, the Texas DC has 
been the last one to recover I guess from the snarl that we had from the West Coast port strike. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: Got you. So, in other words, 40% of your sales, as much as 40% of your sales were kind of 
impacted by this port strike as well as the mix of product. That's helpful. And when did inventory flow start to 
normalize? 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: It was actually, just to clarify, 40% of our imports coming through the West Coast and 
Oklahoma. So imports are maybe 40% of our sales. So 40% of 40% of our merchandise for that period of time was 
disrupted, slowed down and entangled. When did it mitigate? Just recently, I would say, end of April, first of May did 
we start thinking that it's just mopping up around the edges as far as getting the product into the stores. So really just 
recently. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: Got you. All right. Very helpful. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

Next, we'll go to Dan Wewer at Raymond James. 

<Q - Dan R. Wewer>: Thanks. Bob, I just want to change the focus to margin trends. And if you could talk about two 
other pressure points, one the higher freight cost, is that a longer-term issue with driver wages that will persist for the 
next couple of years? And then also, surprised that shrinkage rate is higher given that the inventory per square foot has 
actually reduced year-over-year. I would think that would create fewer opportunities for shrink. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Yeah. Dan, this is Kevin. In regards to the first part of your question, the freight costs, we 
do expect freight cost to be a headwind as we go through the year, and it's not only the driver piece of it, but it's also the 
fact that as we went through the economic down-cycle, there are many less firms out there today, trucking firms. And 


so the competition has gotten less in some respects. And I think the trucking industry is taking a different view of 
understanding the lane. Certain lanes need to be profitable. And so they've relooked at their models to make sure that it 
made sense. And so there's been pressure on an overall basis. So we started seeing that in the second half of last year 
and a lot of that was driver related, but some of it was, again, just the firms themselves. And so, again, we expect to see 
that throughout the year and it is built into our guidance. 

As far as it relates to shrink, it has been a little bit tougher start of the year for shrink than we had anticipated. The loss 
prevention team in the stores are very focused on it. As always, anything that – we always view the things that we focus 
on, we can make changes to and affect. And so, that's our focus right now. 

And I wouldn't disagree with your concept of the fact that less inventory should make it a little easier to protect it. So 
it's a little bit of a trend that we didn't anticipate, but we are very focused on getting it corrected going forward. 

<Q - Dan R. Wewer>: Okay. And just as a follow-up on the closing of the Family Dollar transaction, I guess, this was 
the third or fourth instance now where the closing has been delayed. Is it solely finding buyers for the divested stores 
that made the FTC approval? Is that the only hang-up? Or are there some other topics with the acquisition that's 
creating the delays? 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Dan, look we're as anxious to get this thing done as you can imagine. It's not what you said, 
it's more the – just a large and complex transaction involving more than 13,000 stores. So, the largest – in fact, I believe 
it's the largest retail merger in the United States ever. So it's large. It's complex. We're making progress. We'll continue 
to provide updates in a public fashion as we're able to do so. What we gave you this morning is where we are now. 

We have clarity. It's 330 Family Dollar stores that we will be divesting representing about $45.5 million of operating 
income. The company intends to reach an agreement with a divestiture buyer in the coming days and secure the FTC 
clearance thereafter. And we intend to close the proposed merger in early 2015. I know you'll understand that this is all 

– everything around this is subject to confidentiality. We could close. It's possible that we could close in late June, but 
early July is what we are saying is more likely. We'll continue to provide updates in a public fashion as we are able to. 
<Q - Dan R. Wewer>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Next, we'll hear from Laura Champine, Cantor Fitzgerald. 

<Q - Laura Champine>: Thanks, Bob and congratulations on continued growth in your business today. But can you 
talk about once this merger does close, where do you think the revenue synergy opportunities would be if any or if I 
should be asking this differently, what do you think is the potential for cannibalization when Family Dollar and Dollar 
Tree combine? 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Oh, gosh. One of the really exciting things about this combination is that it is complementary. 
We are side-by-side now as a matter of fact in many places, in many cases. We are aspired to different customers and 
we aspire to different real estate, but we're both large companies and their assets is now where we have Family Dollars 
and others in most cases, frankly within a few miles of us. 

When we open a new store, it is my understanding and what I believe is it doesn't really impact the Family Dollar 
business. When Family Dollar opens a new store near us, I can tell you it does not materially impact our Dollar Tree 
business. We exist very well together as far as serving different customer needs, different products for different 
reasons. 

So, we are complementary in real estate. We're complementary in customers we aspire to more the suburban customer, 
although we have some of all. We aspire to the suburban customer. The Family Dollar model aspires to that urban 
lower income customer and the rural customer. So, these two companies just did incredibly well together as the 
opportunity is there to grow both banners, to put the right store in front of the right customer. 


We have a tremendous room for growth at Dollar Tree. We've got over 5,000 stores now. We have for years been 
saying we could have 7,000 Dollar Tree stores. It's probably more than that. We just need to remodel it. And on the 
Family Dollar side, I'd only know what I've read and what you've read, but they have over 8,000 stores, and they've 
said in their public comments that they could have 12,000. So we believe that it's still there to be done. 

We believe that through the combination, we can leverage the size and scale of our buying power. We know that there 
are synergies and cost to goods sold as we combine these companies. We know there are many back office synergies 
and savings that we can have. We know that there's huge opportunity. Combined, we have billions of dollars of spend 
on indirect product, things that we buy for not for resale. 

So with that size of an opportunity together, we expect that we will get better cost, more efficiencies and improve the 
overall business of the both companies. So it's just a huge opportunity. It's transformational. This is the one opportunity 
where you put the two together, one plus one does equal two points something. One does not take away from the other 
from the customer's point of view. 

<Q - Laura Champine>: And, Bob, if I can have a follow-on. So, are there items – strong items that Dollar Tree sells 
in that everything for a dollar world view that you can add to Family Dollar stores that should actually drive better 
results and sales per square foot for Family Dollar stores? 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Well, there are certainly things that we carry in our Dollar Tree stores that could be added. 
The way we're looking at this, though, is we're looking at the floor plan first. And we're looking at the productivity both 
sales and margin productivity by department. So you start at the higher level, and you are looking at where you're most 
productive departments. And we drill down to the categories so we're doing the same thing. Now, we're doing this 
through our clean room now. So I don't have access – direct access to all the details of cost of things, but we have 
through our clean room, we can get the information, we can get enough feedback to know that what we're thinking is 
right or directionally right. 

But it's first about the floor plan, what do you want to show the customer? Where is the opportunity to serve the 
customer better? By expanding this category, can we improve sales per foot and margin per foot in our Family Dollar 
stores? Then, the real power of this is the combination of the two companies and the buying power of each. So even if 
we don't sell the same item, we're dealing with the same categories. In Dollar Tree, we have the same department. We 
have the same vendor base. We deal with the same vendors. It's just that we buy different items in many cases. 

So leveraging these common vendor relationships with a larger size and larger scale, we believe can be more 
productive and more efficient for the vendor base, and that should turn into better prices for the combined Family 
Dollar, Dollar Tree. We already know we've been doing a lot of work. We already know there are huge synergies and 
exact items we both sell that we can get lower cost on. One of us has a lower cost than the other now. So we know what 
that is. And then, there's the similar item where it's not exactly the same item, but it's a similar item. It may be a 
four-packet Dollar Tree, it might be an eight-packet Family Dollar, but it's the same item with a different put up and the 
same vendor. The idea of going out to bid or working with those vendors to get the best price for the total company is a 
powerful synergy that we have and one that we intend to begin leveraging on day one. 

<Q - Laura Champine>: Got it. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Moving on to Michael Lasser, UBS. 

<Q - Michael Louis Lasser>: Thanks a lot for taking my question. I know this has been asked a few different ways. 
But maybe you could just tell us what you think the quantitative impact both to your sales and to your margin from the 
west coast port slowdown. I think you multiply 16% of your import sales times, assuming it's a couple hundred basis 
points lower in those categories and those stores, that'd be a 30 basis points to 40 basis points overall impact to your 
sales. Is that in the right ballpark? 


<A - Robert L. Sasser>: I would tell you – it's anecdotal. This is not the math that you just did, but anecdotally, I think 
it was more than what you just said. Now, it's different by DC. It's different by market. It's different, it's different. And 
by the way, you had the impact that when we knew that there was going to be a problem, we started shifting things and 
we started changing the playing field so that it just became hard to quantify exactly. I'd love to do that for you. We 
attempted to do it. 

And at the end of the day we said, well, it's really a lot of judgment here and what sales trend were these stores on 
before and what sales trend were they then, and what sales trends are they now, how much of those are external factors, 
how much are created by the port strike and it's just complex. So, we chose to not quantify it. I will tell you, we hit the 
midpoint of our guidance on sales and earnings without the west coast port strike. It would have been better than that 
on both lines. Your math is one way of doing it. I would think that it would actually be my opinion more of an impact 
than what you just penciled out. 

<Q - Michael Louis Lasser>: On the margin side, it's going to impact both the cost of goods and SG&A. 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Cost of goods and transportation and SG&A in those stores. If you can imagine, you were 
ready to set and we're planning to set a certain promotion throughout the store and some of that product then is not 
going to be available for two weeks more, let's say. So scrambling to set something else in those locations by those 
stores, that's more cost. And then when the goods comes in two weeks later, you got to change those displays, take that 
product up, put on what was supposed to be there, put that part. So it just affects the whole supply chain when things 
get off to that magnitude. There's always something late, and there's always something early. We deal with that. It's 
retail and we deal with that all the time, and we deal with it very well all the time. 

This was unusual though. This was major ports in the country, just really slowed down and it's not only our freight but 
everybody else's which put pressure on the whole supply chain then. I said then there was a shortage of rail cars and so 
delays because of that, getting product into the right place, just managing all of that became as much as. 

So it affected our sales, it affected our margin because it's was a high-margin product. It affected our SG&A because 
we spent more on transportation and we spent more on stores to accommodate the snarls. 

<Q - Michael Louis Lasser>: And I know these are more shorter term-oriented question, but I think it's important. My 
last one is, you mentioned that you've been pleased with what you've see in May so far. So, presumably, you're not 
going to be pleased with something that's slower than what you experienced all in, in the first quarter. Is that fair? 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Let me just say this. I mean, we've given you guidance now for second quarter and for the 
year basically other than a change in for the actual first quarter results. The rest of the year forecast is all but the same. 
There is, I think, share count changes and things like that but – tax rate changes maybe. But basically, the guidance 
remains the same that we gave you originally for the rest of the year. 

So, I will tell you that it's early on in the first quarter so it's hard to declare victory right now but we feel like we started 
off where we needed to start. We had a good Mother's Day. We were pleased with our Mother's Day sales. We had 
good response from our customers in the new merchandise as they saw it hitting the counter. Some of the summer 
merchandise in the West that finally got on to the counter the customers are loving it. So, they are seeing new product 
and that always creates good sales trends. 

<Q - Michael Louis Lasser>: Okay. Great. Thank you so much and best of luck with closing the merger. 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. And at this time, we have time for a couple of more questions. Next, we'll hear from Charles Grom with 
Sterne Agee. 


<Q - Charles P. Grom>: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Just a follow-up on the last question, Bob, is it safe to say that 
those stores on the West Coast are trending closer to the company average at this point in time? 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: I don't break it out that close for I can't, but I will tell you that the new merchandise is having 
an impact, and that the – everything is improving on the West Coast and also in the Oklahoma, Texas stores that were 
serviced from the West Coast port. 

<Q - Charles P. Grom>: Great. And then just a two-part question on the Family Dollar side. So I'm wondering if you 
could give us some quantification of how many stores you think you could look to re-banner, which obviously could be 
a big opportunity. And then from a sales per square foot perspective, clearly, Family Dollar has lagged Dollar General 
by a wide margin for five to seven years now. And wondering if you could opine on why you think that gap exists and 
how quickly do you think you can raise that sales per square foot level over the next three years? Thanks. 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Well, starting with the re-bannering opportunity, I'll tell you, that's one of the ones that's 
probably one of the biggest opportunities we have. I've not quantified the exact number of stores for anyone because it's 
still changing. But I have said there are hundreds of opportunities to improve the productivity through our re-banner 
strategy. Again, we see this as one of the largest opportunities as we get the right banner in front of the right customers, 
the appropriate customers for that banner. It's an opportunity also to take a less productive store and quickly improve 
the productivity. 

The process is going to go something like this. Upon completion of the transaction, we're planning to quickly re-banner 
a small group of test stores to verify that our analysis is correct and that our procedures are efficient and that we are 
touching the right things in the right order. We're going to closely track that, analyze it, and if necessary, modify 
processes at that time for again efficiency, and then proceed to re-banner additional stores in waves. 

All of our initial re-banners are going to be Family Dollars to Dollar Trees. Once we close, and we have complete 
access to the Family Dollar real estate information and their predictive model, we'll run the same process on Dollar 
Tree stores to determine if some of them would be more productive as Family Dollar stores, and my point of view is 
that there will be some that should go the other way. But ultimately our strategy will be to have the banner in each 
market that best serves the customer of that market and provides the greatest return on investment. 

Second part of that question was sales per square foot, Family Dollar versus the lagging of sales in square foot. Well, 
look, I think as we've gone through, there's a couple of big issues. First of all, the real estate strategy in our opinion and 
what we've seen is the move more towards the suburban markets has not been as good. The Family Dollar stores tend 
to be more productive in those urban and rural markets. And I think again sort of with the merchandise mix going a 
little more suburban, and a little bit away from the diversity customer, the diverse customer, that low-income customer. 
They have already identified and announced that their high-low strategy was not working. And Howard and the Family 
Dollar management team rightfully, in our opinion, chose to go back to an every day low price strategy, and they've 
seen some, by their reports, they've seen some good results from that. And by the way, I think that's the right action 
especially with that low-income customer they serve. 

So, why is the sales per square foot lagging? Well, I believe they've gotten away from their customer. I believe by 
getting back to that lower income customer, owning those opening price points that those customers need so far as 
merchandise allocation of space in their stores and providing better opening price points and better merchandising 
strategy as far as price point, name brand, private label, how do you offer the most value to the customer, expanding the 
floor plans, expanding those departments that those customers respond more to, and shrinking the ones that they don't. 

So that's it. I believe it's Retailing 101. Honestly, I'm not trying to make it sound simple because there's a lot of stores, 
and there's a lot of geography and there's a lot of diversity, and there's a lot of competition. All the things that we face 
as retailers, nothing is ever simple. But it is very clear to me, the missteps and why they're lagging and it is very fixable 
in my mind. They've already begun some of it, and I think we will absolutely bring more power to that. 

<Q - Charles P. Grom>: Great. Thanks very much and good luck. 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Thank you very much. 


Operator 

Thank you. And next, we'll hear from Paul Trussell, Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Paul E. Trussell>: Good morning. Bob, I appreciate all the color you've provided on the call today. Just 
following up on Chuck's question around re-bannering. Where does the Deals format fit into your thought process? 
And also, if you can kind of give us some color on how those might multi price-point stores perform this quarter. Also, 
as you think about your Canada operations, is Family Dollar an opportunity for re-bannering or opening up stores in 
that market? And also, when it comes to your store growth going forward, obviously 7% year-over-year square footage 
growth for the Dollar Tree banner, how should we think about the growth potential for the combined entity? 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: You've exceeded my ability to remember all of those questions but let me start with a few 
that I can remember, Paul. They're all good questions. Deals, we have great excitement around our Deals brand. We've 
built it from the beginning organically. We bought a company called Deals from SUPERVALU, which was mostly a 
single price-point company and we've transformed it into a multi price-point banner. That sales, we've lifted the 
restriction of the price point to sell more product and more assortment and serve more customers. We like where we are 
with that. At Deals, everything is not $1 but everything is a value. 

The mix in a Deals store is a little, it's not exactly like a Family Dollars store. It's a little more discretionary product 
whereas Family Dollar is 70%-plus consumer products, Deals is more like 60% consumer products. So it's more of a 
60/40 split. We think the Deals brand has made some in-roads into the suburban markets with a multi price point 
strategy and we think the acquisition and the merger of Family Dollar will just only help that. Now down line, I can't 
tell you that Deals, a location here or there. There is 200 plus Deals stores. I can't tell you that location here or there 
might not change to any of the others, but that's not contemplated at this point in time. My goal is to continue to build 
the Deals brand at this point. 

Family Dollar in Canada, I think Family Dollar would be terrific in Canada. I think the Canadian market would respond 
very well to another, a value, a multi-price point value retailer like Family Dollar. So down line, over the course of the 
future at some point, we will consider aiming that. Right now – I know you know this – we are focused. We have a 
laser focus on closing this deal and integration. And we need to get the companies integrated. We need to get the 
infrastructure reallocated. We need to get the merchandise mix re-assorted. We need to get the customers reengaged. 
We need to do a lot of things with the integration. So anything that we would do with Family Dollar in Canada would 
come more than three years out, probably sometime off into the future. We're going to stay focused on integration and 
the combination as long as we need to. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: 7% growth. 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: 7% growth, I'm not sure what your question was there, but. 

<Q - Paul E. Trussell>: Just commenting on the square footage growth of the combined entity. Will you be – you said 
you will initially convert or re-banner some Family Dollars into Dollar Tree as a test. Will you continue the store 
opening plan that Family Dollar has initially outlined? 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: We will continue to open up new Family Dollar stores. It will be – I think they've already 
pulled back from their original plan. I'm not really sure on that. Basically, you got to ask them on that right now. We 
don't own the company, but I believe they pulled back on where they were at their high store openings for sure. They've 
reduced their new store opening not because there is not plenty of room for them, but because as I looked at their 
business, they weren't happy as we wouldn't be happy with the productivity of those new stores. And they were pulling 
back as they were reviewing their strategy again, changing to everyday low price, re-assorting the stores to a large 
degree. 

And so, two questions there, one is, I'll try to answer it. For the near term, I believe the Family Dollar brand – we will 
continue to open new stores, but it will be at a reduced rate, would be our plan for the near term. 


For the long term, there are huge opportunities for growth in the Family Dollar brand. And again, I believe the 
management team there has said potential for 12,000 Family Dollar stores in the U.S. And I think that's probably right. 
Alongside growing our Dollar Tree brand, we've not changed our Dollar Tree growth, our square footage or square 
footage growth strategy now. We will have to take a look at how many stores can you re-banner and how many stores 
can you open, and how many stores should you open at one time. 

As always, we will do this very methodically and very thoughtfully and we will do it as efficiently as possible. We're 
driven more by doing it right than by the numbers. But anecdotally, I'm not looking to pull back the growth on Dollar 
Tree. 

<Q - Paul E. Trussell>: And just lastly, a quick P&L question for Kevin. As we look to the second quarter and going 
forward, there was a negative impact from the opening of Windsor DC, I believe in 2Q last year. How should we think 
about gross margins as you lap that? Should there be a favorable bounce here in this upcoming period? And what comp 
do you need to produce SG&A leverage in the next quarter and the second half? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Yeah, as it relates to the Windsor DC, we actually opened that in June of 2013. So, it's been 
almost two years now. So, again, it does – we did take a hit back at that point in time and felt that for the better part of 
the year that DC continues to become more efficient as we continue to add stores to it. It opened up obviously with less 
than a full load of what its capacity would be, and it's ramped up over time and it probably has a little bit more capacity 
left. So, again, we're always looking to get more efficiency out of our distribution centers. But I don't necessarily – I 
don't feel like there's a large benefit coming in the second quarter because of that. 

And then, as far as the second part of your question, Paul, related to what comp, does it take to leverage SG&A, I 
mean, I think historically, we've said a two to three comp will typically get us some leverage, a little leverage. It did not 
this quarter. I think if you go back a year ago in Q1, we had a 2% comp and we have 40 basis points of leverage in 
SG&A. So as I've stated before, it ebbs and flows depending on what's going on in the business and what kind of 
initiatives we may or may not be driving through the company. So, but I still think that roughly 3% comp is – 2% to 3% 
comp is a reasonable range to think about as far as leveraging SG&A. 

<Q - Paul E. Trussell>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. And our final question comes from Dan Binder, Jefferies. 

<Q - Daniel T. Binder>: Hi. Good morning. 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Good morning. 

<Q - Daniel T. Binder>: I just had a question as it pertains to the integration process. If I think back to your Canadian 
acquisition, as I recall there was a little bit of bumpiness early on in the integration. I'm just curious if you could refresh 
our memories on what those issues were, what your learnings were and how you can apply that to the Family Dollar 
integration. 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Well, fair question. I will tell you that it was a much smaller acquisition, but it was a total – it 
was a whole new country. And it wasn't the 51st state. Canada is clearly a different country with regulatory 
requirements, culturally, language, believe it or not, duplicate labels or languages on your labels, there's a lot of 
intricacies in entering Canada. I thought we handled most of them fairly well. 

The big challenge that we've had in Canada in my opinion is, first of all, even though people you would think would be 
aware of the brand is we had no brand density. So, we've rebranded all those stores early on to Dollar Tree Canada 
from Dollar Giant. And because we didn't think Dollar Giant had any brand equity either. We've built more stores and 
as we're getting more market density, we are building brand awareness, and we're seeing some of the improvement 
now. 


So that's one of the things. Secondly, we had to build a brand new management team and Canadian merchants and get 
that in place. So as always, the devil is in the details and most of the time it's people. People, culture – Family Dollar is 
not a different country, but it's a little different culture, it's a different concept, and we have to be very – we have to 
work together very well is one of those learnings that I would say on any acquisition we've ever done. It really comes 
down to the people and the culture and the motivation to that. 

Having said that, I really have great admiration for the Family Dollar organization. What they do, they do some things 
much better than we do, and we see that and we are happy to join in on the things that they do better. And there are 
some things that we think we can lend to the Family Dollar team also and they've been very open to anything that we 
talk about so far. They're still running their own business. We don't own the business yet, but in our discussions, 
pre-integration discussions, we're always talking about those types of things and cultural things and how do we benefit 
from the combination and where is the opportunity to reduce cost, increase margin and drive sales. So, we're one mind 
of that. 

But that's really the big learning, I guess, and over my history and years of doing this, we've done several acquisitions. 
I've always asked other people that do acquisitions. So, tell me one thing, we ought to be very careful of and it's always 
the people issue. It's always about culture. It's always about combining a diverse organization, a different organization. 
There are egos involved that have to be respected. And, of course, everybody has a role. You got to get everybody, pull 
them together. So, we're aware of those things. I think we're going to be just fine as long as we stay aware of it. I've 
shared this with our management team and with our organization. And by the way, I've also shared that we own that 
part, not the Family Dollar people. We own the concept of bringing them in with respect and respecting what they've 
done and what they've built over 50-some years building that brand, the infrastructure that they've built that is very 
strong and very solid, the organization that they've built, the technology that they've built, the process and procedures. 
So, it's up to us to engage with them and to bring these two cultures together. 

<Q - Daniel T. Binder>: And then just as a follow-up, I was curious, you talked a lot about operational improvement. 
How do you feel about price reinvestment? Just trying to reconcile your earlier comments about benign pricing 
environment, their results had been still a little bit soft. Do you think there's a need for further price investment to get 
those sales per square foot up? 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: I don't think it's as simple as that. I think it's a little bit of that, it's a little bit of this, but it's 
more about the merchandise assortment. There are many ways to bring value to a customer, especially a low income 
customer. What a low income customer needs maybe not the same as someone with a higher income level. And what I 
mean by that is as we go through the assortments, there's price competitiveness. We would intend to be competitive in 
the market on all the name brands, on all the same items, that sort of cost to poker. If you're going to be in this business, 
you have to be competitive on the name brand for the same items. 

I think there's an opportunity for product development. They have some pretty good private labels already. I think 
there's probably more room for that, and rationalizing the assortment so that every item has a place, every item has a 
mission. What's the value statement in the category? Is it – and is it good, better, best? Is it private label versus name 
brand? Is it twice as much for the same price or is it the same amount for half the price? 

I think more attention to opening price points. A customer that has limited income may want that biggest package of 
the name brand, but they may be – and it may be very competitive, you can buy for the same price anywhere, but you 
may just not have that much money in your pocket. So you may also have to have an option for that customer that says, 
it may not be the name brand, but it's a big jug of whatever, and it really works, and we stand behind the quality and all 
the codes with that. 

So, it's not as simple as just saying price reinvestment. I believe we can lower retails and improve margin. But having 
said that, I'm talking about the mix frankly. And we're going to be very focused on that customer, especially that low 
income customer, what they need, what the price points are that really motivate them that we do – how do we deliver 
value overall with the combination of name brands, private labels. 


And then, also the discretionary product. I believe that people – even if you're poor, you don't want to feel poor. When 
you walk into the store, you want a shopping environment that you're happy with. It respects you as a human being, and 
offers you the things that you need. So, a lot of effort that's going to be focused on the store and on the customer from 
day one, and we will invest, I would say more than price investment, I would say investment in the stores is where 
we're going to be really focused. 

Now, we're going to have to pay for that somehow. There is no free investment, so we're going to have to look really 
hard at where we can find the synergies and the opportunity to reduce costs in order to reinvest in the stores. Some of it 
may be priced, some of it may be anything, increases the value to that customer, it might be the shopping experience, 
too. And I believe there is big opportunity with that. 

<Q - Daniel T. Binder>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

And thank you. That does conclude our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn it back over to Mr. Guiler for any 
additional or closing remarks. 

Randy Guiler 

Thank you, Amy. Thank you for joining us on today's call and for your continued interest in Dollar Tree. We look 
forward to providing an update on our next earnings call currently scheduled for Thursday, August 20. 

Operator 

Thank you. That does conclude today's presentation. Thank you for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


