Q4 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Timothy J. Reid, Vice President, Investor Relations 
• Bob Sasser, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Kevin S. Wampler, Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Joseph Parkhill 
• Curtis Nagle 
• Adrianne Shapira 
• Meredith Adler 
• John Zolidis 
• Charles Grom 
• Dan Wewer 
• David Mann 
• Brent Rystrom 
• Neil Currie 
• Austin Pauls 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day and welcome to the Dollar Tree, Inc. Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's 
call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Reid, Vice President of Investor 
Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 

Timothy J. Reid, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thank you, Yvonne. Good morning and welcome to the Dollar Tree Conference Call for the fourth quarter of fiscal 
2010. My name's Tim Reid, I am Vice President of Investor Relations. Our call today will be led by Bob Sasser, our 
President and Chief Executive Officer, who will provide insights on our performance in the quarter and recent 
developments in our business. Kevin Wampler, our Chief Financial Officer, will provide a more detailed review of the 
fourth quarter financial performance and provide our guidance for 2011. 

Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that various remarks that we will make about future expectations, 
plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for the purposes of the Safe Harbor 
provisions under the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated 
by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors included in our most recent press release, 
most recent current report on Form 8-K, quarterly report on Form 10-Q and Annual Report on Form 10-K, all of which 
are on file with the SEC. We have no obligation to update our forward-looking statements, and you should not expect 
us to do so. 


At the end of our planned remarks we will open the call to your questions, which we ask that you limit please to one 
question and one follow-up question, if necessary. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bob Sasser. Bob? 

Bob Sasser, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. I too, would like to welcome you to our yearend 2010 conference call and 
thank you for your interest in Dollar Tree. I'm pleased to report that our momentum continues. This morning, we 
announced earnings for the fourth quarter of $1.29 per diluted share. This is an increase of 27.7% over last year's 
reported $1.01 per share. Gross margin expanded by 50 basis points to 37.6%. Operating margin for the quarter was 
15%, an increase of 100 basis points over the fourth quarter last year. Operating income increased by $40 million or 
18.4% over last year, and net income rose 20.3% to $162.5 million. 

Total sales for the quarter were $1.73 billion, an increase of 10.7% over the fourth quarter fiscal 2009. Comp-store 
sales increased 3.9% on top of a 6.6% increase last year, and our inventory turns increased in the fourth quarter, as they 
have consistently for the past six years. For the year, our inventory turns increased to 4.17 turns in 2010, up from 4.06 
turns in 2009. We're very proud of this six-year record and excited because we know that we can continue to improve. 

For the full year fiscal 2010, net sales were $5.88 billion, an increase of 12.4% over fiscal 2009, and comp-store sales 
increased 6.3% on top of a 7.2% comp-store sales increase last year. As we have previously disclosed, in the first 
quarter 2010 we recorded a non-recurring, non-cash charge of $26.3 million or $0.13 per share, relating to a change in 
retail inventory accounting. Including this charge, earnings in fiscal 2010 increased to a record $3.10 per share. 
Excluding the charge, earnings per share were $3.23, an increase of 36.3% over last year's reported $2.37. 

For the full year fiscal 2010, operating margin was 11.2%, an increase of 140 basis points compared with 2009. 
Operating income increased by $143.5 million, and net income rose 29.1% to $413.7 million. 

I'm very pleased with our record performance in sales and earnings for the fourth quarter and for the year. Sales for 
both the fourth quarter and for the full year ended comfortably within our range of guidance, while earnings exceeded 
the top end of guidance. We've been asked about the impact of weather in the fourth quarter. I will tell you that our 
sales were strongest in the Southwest and Southeast, an indication that our record performance could have been even 
better were it not for the impact of several major winter storms that negatively affected large sections of the country 
throughout December and January, especially in the upper Midwest and the Northeast. I know that most of you lived 
through those blizzards and experienced their effect firsthand. 

This was unfortunate timing, but it was a terrific quarter in spite of the weather, and the success of Dollar Tree, as it has 
always been, is based on our focus on the customer. We aim our efforts at increasing the value of the merchandise, 
improving the quality of our stores, and providing the infrastructure that supports them. Our stores, merchants and 
support teams are guided by a strategic vision that involves every element of the business, with everything revolving 
around the customer. That means high-value merchandise, seasonal excitement and merchandise energy. It means 
operating great stores; full, fun, friendly and convenient, a positive shopping experience. It means re-inventing and 
expanding product categories that are more frequently shopped, creating new product categories based on demand, 
driving sales through merchandise adjacencies, space allocation and suggestive selling, and creating greater brand 
awareness. 

We have a very flexible merchandising model, which we use to our advantage. We build our assortments with two 
requirements in mind. To offer the greatest value to the customer for $1 and to do so at a cost that delivers our desired 
merchandise margin. Margin at Dollar Tree is all about the mix of product and not as much driven by an individual 
item's cost. This is a key differentiating factor for us. We're not locked into any specific item. We don't use planograms 
at Dollar Tree, and that gives us the flexibility to move quickly from item to item. We decide what to sell. We are in 
control of our mix, and as a result, in control of our margins. We continue to be confident in our ability to offer our 
customers the best value for $1, while managing our margins. 


This strategy has been validated by results. History shows that Dollar Tree has consistently managed through 
inflationary and deflationary cycles by changing the product or changing the source. Our margin in the fourth quarter 
reflects that strategy. 

There were many notable accomplishments in 2010. We have invested in a solid and scalable infrastructure, which we 
continue to upgrade as we provide for continued profitable growth. And in 2010, we opened a new DC in San 
Bernardino, California, to provide more efficient service and to provide for expanded growth in Southern California 
and the Southwestern U.S. This year, we're expanding our Distribution Center in Savannah, Georgia, to support growth 
in the Southeast. The expansion will bring the Savannah facility from its current size of 600,000 square feet to 1 million 
square feet. This project involves $19 million of capital investment using existing cash and should be completed in the 
third quarter. With the completion of this expansion, our network of nine company-owned DCs will have the capacity 
to support $8 billion in annual sales in the U.S., with no meaningful additional investment. 

Our logistics infrastructure provides efficient service to our stores today, room for expansion and continuing asset 
leverage. Every new store that we open makes our network more efficient, and we continue to build more stores. For 
the full year 2010, we opened 235 new stores and relocated and expanded 95 stores, for a total of 330 projects. Our 
plan for 2011 includes approximately 300 new stores and 75 relocations and expansions, for a total of 375 projects. 

Along with expanding the number of stores, we're focused on operating more productive stores. Efforts have been 
concentrated on improved site selection, on right-sizing our stores at about 10,000 square feet and on opening new 
stores earlier in the year. Average new store productivity increased once again in 2010, continuing a five-year trend. 
Our mix of basic, consumable products, things you need every day, and high-value seasonal and discretionary product, 
all at $1, continues to thrill our customers. 

Sales growth in the fourth quarter was driven by increases in both basic and discretionary assortments. The 
top-performing categories included: food, party supplies, health and beauty care, housewares and home products. Our 
expansion of frozen and refrigerated product continues. We installed freezers and coolers in 421 stores in 2010, 
including 124 new stores. Frozen and refrigerated product is now available in 1,844 stores. This product serves the 
current needs of our customers, drives traffic into our stores, and provides incremental sales across all categories, 
including our higher-margin discretionary products. The plan is to continue to expand this category. In 2011, we intend 
to expand frozen and refrigerated capability to an additional 225 stores. 

While we're growing our business through the development of new categories and more productive stores, we're also 
developing additional channels and entering new markets. Deal$, our multi-price format, continues to gain traction, 
extending our ability to serve more customers and increasing our growth potential. We currently operate 164 Deal$ 
stores. In fourth quarter, both traffic and average ticket increased. We opened 15 new Deal$ stores in 2010, and we 
intend to open about 35 new Deal$ stores in 2011. 

The company is also expanding into new markets. During the fourth quarter, we acquired 86 Dollar Giant stores in 
Canada. In 2011, we intend to expand the store count by about 20%, while establishing an infrastructure of store teams, 
systems and logistics to support more aggressive store growth in the following years. Over the long term, we believe 
the Canadian market can support 900 to 1,000 Dollar Tree stores. This is in addition to the 7,000 store potential for 
Dollar Tree in the United States, plus additional growth in our Deal$ format. 

Dollar Tree Direct, our e-commerce business, is an opportunity to reach new customers through an additional channel 
of distribution. We had over 3.5 million visitors to our site in the fourth quarter, and that was up over 30% over the 
fourth quarter last year, and we now offer more than 2,000 items online, that's nearly double the number from this time 
last year. We see great potential in Dollar Tree Direct, and I'm pleased with the progress being made here. 

Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Kevin, who will give you more detail on our financial metrics and provide 
guidance. Kevin? 

Kevin S. Wampler, Chief Financial Officer 


Thanks, Bob. As Bob mentioned, our diluted earnings per share increased 27.7% in the fourth quarter to $1.29. The 
increase resulted from our strong sales, a 50 basis point improvement in gross profit margin, and a 50 basis point 
reduction in total SG&A expense, compared to the fourth quarter last year. 

Starting with gross profit, our gross profit margin grew to 37.6% during the fourth quarter, compared with 37.1% in the 
fourth quarter last year. Several factors contributed to this performance. Merchandise costs including freight, decreased 
50 basis points. This was driven by lower markdowns, increased IMU on many product categories, driven by continued 
improvement in our sourcing, continued improvements in shrink and operating efficiency, as well as the benefits from 
the new retail stock ledger. This new process was implemented at the beginning of fiscal 2010, and for the second half 
overall the impact to margin was essentially neutral. These improvements offset pressure from increased rate costs and 
changes in our product mix, as basic consumable products continued to increase as a percentage of our mix in the 
fourth quarter, compared with the same period last year. 

SG&A expenses overall were 22.6% of sales for the quarter, which is a 50 basis point improvement from the fourth 
quarter last year. This was driven primarily by a 40 basis point decline in payroll-related expenses, reflecting lower 
incentive compensation and leverage on comp-store sales, a 20 basis point reduction in depreciation, and lower utility 
costs. 

These reductions offset increases in advertising, debit and credit card fees and legal expenses related to the acquisition 
of Dollar Giant. The increase in debit and credit card fees reflect a continuing growth in usage of these types of tender. 
In the fourth quarter, compared to the fourth quarter last year, debit card penetration increased 80 basis points and 
credit card penetration increased 130 basis points, and SNAP penetration, although small, continues to grow. We accept 
SNAP, or food stamps, in over 3,500 stores or about 86% of the chain. 

Operating income increased $40 million, compared with the fourth quarter last year, and operating margin was 15%, an 
increase of 100 basis points from the fourth quarter last year. For the full year, excluding the charge in the first quarter, 
operating income increased $143.5 million and our operating margin grew to 11.2%, up 140 basis points from last 
year's 9.8% operating margin. Dollar Tree's operating margin remains among the highest in the value retail sector. 

The tax rate for the quarter was 37%, versus 37.8% in the fourth quarter last year. The lower rate primarily reflects 
additional state tax credits recorded in the fourth quarter of 2010. For the full fiscal year the tax rate was 36.9%, 
consistent with the prior year. 

Cash and investments at yearend totaled $486 million, versus $599.4 million at the end of fiscal 2009. Cash, net of 
debt, was $219 million at yearend 2010. During the fourth quarter, we invested $123.9 million to repurchase 2.3 
million shares of Dollar Tree stock. For the full year, we repurchased 9.3 million shares at a cost of $414.7 million. In 
June, the Board of Directors authorized an additional $500 million for share repurchase. As of yearend, we have $345.9 
million remaining in our authorization. The diluted weighted average shares outstanding at yearend were 125.8 million. 
We will continue to view share repurchase opportunistically, and we will update you on additional share repurchases, if 
any, at the end of the quarter in which they may occur. 

Capital expenditures were $32 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. This compares with $51 million in the fourth 
quarter last year. For the full year of 2010, capital expenditures were $178.7 million, compared with $164.8 million in 
2009. The majority of capital expenditures in 2010 were for new stores, remodels and relocations, and the addition of 
frozen and refrigerated capability. For the fiscal year 2011, we are planning capital expenditures to be in the range of 
$215 million to $225 million. Capital expenditures will be focused on new stores and remodels, the addition of frozen 
and refrigerated capability to 225 stores, IT system enhancements and approximately $19 million for expansion of our 
Distribution Center in Savannah, Georgia. 

Depreciation and amortization totaled $42.1 million for the fourth quarter, versus $41.3 million for the fourth quarter 
last year. For the full year, depreciation was $159.7 million, a 30 basis point decrease from last year. For 2011, 
depreciation and amortization is estimated to be in the range of $165 million to $170 million. We anticipate 
depreciation expense as a percent of sales will continue to decline in 2011. 


Our inventory turns increased in 2010 for the sixth consecutive year to 4.17. Inventory at yearend was $803 million, an 
18% increase over the same time last year. This includes a $30 million increase in pre-paid merchandise, comprised 
primarily of goods in transit for the Easter season, as well as $21 million of inventory for the acquired Dollar Giant 
stores. In addition, the higher inventory levels include merchandise to support Valentine Day sales, our upcoming 
Dollar Days promotion, St. Patrick's Day and inventory in our distribution network ready to flow to stores for Easter. 
We expect continued improvement in our inventory turns in 2011. 

Our guidance for 2011 includes the following assumptions. First, we expect that ocean freight rates and diesel prices 
will be higher throughout fiscal 2011 than they were last year. Second, Easter is three weeks later this year. This 
represents about a $15 million sales opportunity in the first quarter. Our guidance also assumes a tax rate of 37.7% for 
the first quarter and for the full year. Weighted average diluted share counts are assumed to be 124.7 million shares for 
the first quarter and 125.1 million shares for the full year. Although we still see share repurchase as a good use of cash, 
our guidance assumes no additional share repurchase. With this in mind, for the first quarter of 2011 we are forecasting 
sales in the range of $1.48 billion to $1.52 billion. This implies a low to mid single-digit comparable-store sales 
increase and 8.2% square footage growth. 

The company's earnings per diluted share for the first quarter of 2011 are expected to be $0.71 to $0.77, an increase of 
16% to 26% over the first quarter of 2010 earnings of $0.61 per share, excluding the charge associated with the retail 
stock ledger. 

For the full fiscal year 2011, we are forecasting sales in the range of $6.43 billion to $6.6 billion, based on a range of 
low to mid single-digit increases in comparable-store sales and 6.9% square footage growth. 

Diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $3.55 to $3.76, representing an increase of between 10% 
and 16% over our record EPS of $3.23 in fiscal 2010, excluding the non-cash charge in the first quarter of last year. 
With that, I'll turn the call back over to Bob. 

Bob Sasser, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Kevin. I have just a few summary remarks, and then we'll turn it over to you for questions. I'll say again that 
2010 was another great year for Dollar Tree. Sales grew by 12.4%, comp-store sales increased 6.3%, operating margin 
expanded by 140 basis points to 11.2%, and that's the highest in ten years, and earnings per share increased 36% on top 
of a 41% increase in 2009. In addition, in 2010 Dollar Tree opened 235 new stores, expanded or relocated 95 stores, 
and we've surpassed 4,000 stores in operation. 

We opened a new Distribution Center in San Bernardino on time and on budget. We've increased our growth potential 
with our expansion into Canada, our Deal$ model is gaining traction and growing, and our e-commerce business 
provides access to even more customers. In 2010, we executed a three-for-two stock split and repurchased $9.3 million 

– 9.3 million shares for nearly $415 million. 
By any measure, it was an outstanding year, and we can do even better. As I look to the future, I see great opportunity. 
We have plenty of room to grow our business, a vision of where we want to go and the infrastructure and capital to 
make it happen. The company has a strong, flexible and proven business model that can adapt to a changing 
environment. Dollar Tree is positioned to be relevant to customers in all economic circumstances, because we offer a 
compelling mix of frequently purchased, high-value consumer basics, things you need every day, and our unique 
assortment of fun, compelling, seasonally-correct, discretionary product, and it's all just $1. 

Our stores are strategically located to serve middle America, they're bright, convenient and fun to shop. Dollar Tree has 
a solid and scalable infrastructure that we're leveraging for better inventory management, increasingly efficient supply 
chain logistics, more productive stores and crisper overall execution. The company generates substantial free cash, and 
we use our capital for the long-term benefit of our shareholders. Dollar Tree has invested more than $1.6 billion for 
share repurchases since 2004. 


Dollar Tree had another terrific year in 2010, and we're off to a great start in 2011. The Valentine season was 
outstanding, with record sales and sell-through, our stores transitioned quickly, and we're ready for an exciting spring 
season. Looking forward to the rest of the year, we continue working to keep our values high, and we have exciting 
plans for 2011. Our buyers recently concluded their fall and Christmas buying trips. The trips were very successful, 
with higher initial mark-up, better values, and an exciting merchandise selection. 

We will now address your questions. So that we can accommodate as many callers as time permits, we ask that you 
limit your questions to two. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Joseph Parkhill with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Joseph Parkhill>: I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit more about your inventory levels and why they 
grew 18%? I know you mentioned some incremental holiday, but are you expecting inventory growth to continue to 
exceed sales growth on a go-forward basis? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler, Chief Financial Officer>: Joe, obviously we did point out the fact that we were bringing 
goods in for the spring season here, and obviously the other big factor is we've acquired Dollar Giant, which we 
pointed out as well, which makes the comparison not quite apples-to-apples. No, we wouldn't necessarily expect 
inventory growth to go higher than sales. I would tell you, if you look back at the last two years, we have done a very, 
very good job of controlling our inventory. It has been down on a selling square footage basis for the last two years, so 
we see this as nothing other than just a temporary situation as we move through the spring season. As we said, part of it 
was to support things like Valentine's Day as well, which – those are important seasonal aspects for us. 

<A - Bob Sasser, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hey, Joe. This is Bob. We had the inventory because we 
needed it to produce a sale, is the short answer. It's up 18%, but we've got a lot of new stores, we've got additional 86 
stores from Canada that we added in fourth quarter, so we needed inventory for them. Easter's the latest that it's been in 
a long time, I don't know if it's the latest ever, but April – it's mid-April this year. 

Whenever we have a later Easter, we always look for increased sales for Easter. I think we've shifted about $15 million 
more in sales just because of the later Easter this year. So the quick answer is, that our inventory turns – we have a 
history of improving our turns every year, and I'm very – personally very proud of that, and we intend to improve our 
turns this year. So, we've got the inventory, but we have it because we need it to support the sales that we're coming 
into in the first quarter. 

<Q - Joseph Parkhill>: And just for further clarification, are the inventory levels spread evenly through discretionary 
and consumables? Or are they more focused on a certain subcategory? 

<A - Bob Sasser, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It's appropriate. It's spread appropriately. We've got both, 
because we – with Easter as late as it is this year, we have been doing – we have a Dollar Days promotion coming up. 
Who better to do Dollar Days promotions than Dollar Tree by the way? But we added in a new promotion this year 
between Valentine's and Easter, and we named it Dollar Days, and we bought extra goods for that, and the goods are 
already selling as they're hitting the stores. 

If you were to look at our store inventories per foot right now, it's about flat to last year I think. So, what you've got is a 
lot of merchandise in transit, some of it's still on the water, because of the later Easter. You've got some things still 
coming in, and you've got things in the DC that are about to be allocated to the stores to support these promotions. So, 
it's spread appropriately. We are planning our discretionary business up this year, as well as our non-discretionary basic 
business. 


<Q - Joseph Parkhill>: Okay. Thanks. And then could you talk a little bit about your IT initiatives that you're going to 
do in 2011? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. Obviously, we highlighted that in talking about capital 
expenditures, and probably the biggest change has been the fact that we've allocated about $10 million to start replacing 
older POS equipment. So it's equipment that's seven, eight, nine years old, so we're basically, we'll have a plan to do 
that over a three-year period of time, and so this is wave one of that, so that's probably the big increase there. Otherwise 
beyond that, it's fairly normal IT infrastructure, typical yearly type stuff that we would have. So that's the big change 
there. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Alan Rifkin with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Curtis Nagle>: Good morning. This is Curtis Nagle filling in for Alan. Just a couple of questions. I was just 
curious why you guys are slowing down the rate of adding freezers to your existing stores, just given the benefit you 
guys are seeing in both comp and even margin? And then, just another follow-up question after that. 

<A - Bob Sasser, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Curtis, you may remember that last year when we started 
the year, I think we gave guidance about the same number of stores with frozen or refrigerated in it. So, we're starting 
out with basically the same kind of plan. We ended up doing more last year. I don't know if we'll end up doing more 
this year or not, but we're always looking for ways to provide this product to more stores. 

It's very much a function of our new stores and where we locate them and our ability to provide the product in those 
new stores. So, there's some – some of the equation is still up in the air about where we may end up with 
frozen/refrigerated. We know we're going to do this amount. We're not holding back though. We like it, we like the 
category. It does require the proper location without restrictions, and also we have to be able to supply it efficiently. It's 
not something that we supply out of our nine DCs. So, we have to factor all of those things in, and then you add that to 
the fact that we're still working on this year's, as always, new store locations and where they're going to be and the sizes 
and the demographics. And there are some questions still to be answered on that. 

<Q - Curtis Nagle>: Great. That's very helpful, and then just one last question. Weather impacts aside during the 
quarter, did you guys see any change in either customer shopping patterns or even customer mix, given a sequentially 
improving economic outlook for the year? 

<A - Bob Sasser, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Curtis, we really didn't. Our demographic mix of 
customer's income demographics really was not that much changed in fourth quarter from what it had been running. 
Other than the impact of weather, sales were consistent throughout the quarter. So, I think the big changes were we 
were having those snowstorms blow through the upper Midwest or the Northeast. That would be the only unusual 
impact I would say. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Adrianne Shapira with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Adrianne Shapira>: Thank you. Just staying on the comp conversation, maybe if you could give us some color 
on the traffic versus ticket? 

<A - Bob Sasser, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well it was – Adrianne, it was driven by traffic, our 
comp, and it was consistent throughout the quarter. I really – frankly it was a terrific quarter with a 3.9% comp. Some 
of the questions around well it's less than the six's that you were running, but then again, I will tell you I don't – I think 
it would be a mistake to think that, that was, had anything to do with the strength of the core business, because where 
we didn't have weather in the fourth quarter in the Southwest and in the Southeast and even all the way across through 


Texas into the Southeast, our comps were consistent to where we've been running. 

On the times when we didn't have the blizzards, comps were higher. So the strength of our business was there, and then 
we came out of fourth quarter and moved into Valentine's Day, and I share this with you, I don't report by week. We're 
only three weeks into the quarter, but I am sharing with you, because it was – last year was our best Valentine's week 
ever, and this week – this year Valentine's was better than last year. So, we had a terrific Valentine's sales. February 
started off very strong. The comps in Q4 at Dollar Tree, again, it would be a mistake to read them as a weakness in the 
core business, it was purely a factor of the weather. 

<Q - Adrianne Shapira>: Right. I appreciate it. Just in the past you've helped us quantify specifically, traffic versus 
ticket. And I know ticket has been improving the last few quarters. So I'm just wondering if that showed a little bit of a 
reversal this quarter? 

<A - Bob Sasser, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It did not. It was virtually all traffic in the fourth quarter, 
but again, I think – our highest average tickets are in the Northeast, for example. Some our highest volume stores are in 
the Northeast, and that area was the – if you remember, the week before Christmas and two weeks before Christmas 
really, the most impacted by the weather. So, I see that as being the leveling effect on our average ticket. But our comps 
were driven by traffic in the fourth quarter. And that's the first time in a while it's just been traffic, by the way. 

Operator 

And we'll now go next to Meredith Adler with Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Meredith Adler>: Hello. Thanks very much. I was wondering, you did talk about having gone, and I'm assuming 
you bought all your imported products, your seasonal products, through Christmas of 2011? I was wondering if you 
could talk a little bit about domestic product? I think people have concerns about inflation, and I think we understand 
what you do for those seasonal goods. But could you talk a little bit about how you handle the basics, if you're seeing 
rising costs? 

<A - Bob Sasser, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, and that's a good question, Meredith. It's really the 
same answer. We don't have planograms, even in our basics. So, we provide the best product possible in a category of 
basics. Like dental. Everyday toothpastes and mouthwash and all the things that we sell for $1 every day. We're giving 
our customers the most value and the brands that we can offer them for $1 and still hit our margins. And if prices move 
out of our range, then we move onto the next product. And with our size we're able to manage that. 

The real driving factor at Dollar Tree over the past few years, since we started moving to the bigger stores and 
providing more of the basic everyday consumer products that are faster turning, but a little lower margin, by the way, 
we still make money on this stuff, but they're a little lower margin. The real impact on our gross margin has been on the 
mix. As we've added the product in, of course, it's gained share of the total mix, which has dampened our overall 
margins. 

But how are we going to manage through inflationary times? We're going to do it the same way we've always done, 
whether it's import or whether it's domestic. We're going to offer the best value to our customers for $1, and we're 
going to change the product if we need to, and we're going to move to other items if need be. 

If you look back at the last time we saw some of these things – 2008, remember when the world stopped turning in 
2008 for many people. Well, our margins actually increased in 2008. If you go back and look at our gross margins 
during that period, we had terrific comp-store sales gains, we had increased margin. And by the way, we were the 
top-performing company in the Fortune 500 that year, so I'd take that one again in 2011 if we can work that out. But it's 
the same strategy, whether it's domestic or imported. 

<Q - Meredith Adler>: And then, I just have a second question about the investments in technology in the new 
point-of-sales system. Does that give you increased functionality? And it relates to a question I get often, about you do 
have a very high operating margin. Is there – can you explain to us why that's either go back down again? Or what 


would allow you to keep moving it up? 

<A - Bob Sasser, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, the only thing it's going – we're not planning it to 
go down again. Our operating margin was at 11.2% this past year. It's the highest it's been since the year 2000 I think, 
maybe somewhere in that range. And it's been increasing year-over-year, especially in the last three years. We're 
planning it to continue to rise, and we've included that in our guidance as we've given for the year. 

How do we do it? We do it by improving our SG&A. We do it through margin improvements. The first thing that – 
where you can see opportunities is through smoothing of our inventory receipts as we bring them into our Distribution 
Centers. We're a little spiky still, so using the sales data to bring them in, in a more – bring inventory in, in a more 
timely manner, smoothing those receipts, really helps the operational effectiveness of our Distribution Centers. It also 
helps put the right product in the stores faster, when it gets to the stores, the stock rooms are empty. It goes to the sales 
floor faster. It makes our stores more efficient, which reduces payroll, which makes our payroll more efficient. But it 
also makes our customers happy, because we're better in stock with the things that they want, when they need them. So, 
we're using technology to help us do those kinds of things. 

In addition, we're using technology to look at the cost of things that we buy, not the things that we buy – expenses in 
our business. We're doing a lot of putting things out for bid, using technology that helps us to find – get visibility of 
what we're spending our dollars on, and then get the best bid price on those commodity items that we use in our 
business. And then of course, it's all about processes in our stores, labor scheduling. We know when our sales are, we 
can better schedule in labor in our stores, and if you look back at our labor productivity over the past five to ten years, 
it's continually getting better, and I'd expect that to continue as we go into 2011. 

Operator 

We'll go next to John Zolidis with Buckingham Research. 

<Q - John Zolidis>: Hi. Good morning. 

<A - Bob Sasser, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Good morning, John. 

<Q - John Zolidis>: Question on the new stores. By my calculation, new stores did the best they've done in a really 
long time in 2010. But I did see a slight deceleration in the productivity of new stores as the year progressed. And I also 
saw that you opened up slightly larger stores in 2010. As we look into 2011, what are you targeting for your average 
size for new stores? And how do you feel about the recent locations that you've been opening up? 

<A - Bob Sasser, President and Chief Executive Officer>: John, in 2011 we're still targeting around the 10,000 
square foot range. A little larger for our Deal$ stores, they're about 11,000 square feet. We feel really good about the 
locations that we have opened. I think the dampening in your calculation probably is the effect of the Canadian 
acquisition. Obviously, when we acquired them in fourth quarter, their productivity is not as high as our Dollar Tree 
stores. So, what you're seeing I think, is the dampening effect of the – 86 stores went into our new store base all at once 
there in fourth quarter and at a lower productive rate. So you saw a little bit of that. If you took the Canadian stores out, 
you would see that it was very consistent and better than previous years in fourth quarter. 

<Q - John Zolidis>: Thanks for that color. On the Canadian stores, how long is it going to take to convert those over? 
Or what is – can you give us a little more color on the plan to integrate those stores into the Dollar Tree? 

<A - Bob Sasser, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, yeah. That's a good question. We're working real 
hard right now, making some good progress. Our plan this year is to open up about 20% more new stores in Canada, 
but the bigger vision is that in addition to growing it by 20% this year, is to integrate and get in the infrastructure that 
we need to profitably ramp up the growth in the later years, next year and the year after. For example, we've got to get 
and are in the process of getting our logistics in place. We're in the process of getting our point-of-sale terminals in 
place and our MMS in place and all of the technology that we're going to need to have visibility of what we're selling 
there and our inventory levels and our flow of product and all of the things that we do at Dollar Tree. 


We're also building our store teams and training. So, I'm thinking that sometime mid-year into third quarter we will 
have gone through a big portion of the store team building and training on our – on the new systems. Some time in the 
third quarter, we're going to have, I believe, our MMS and our POS terminals and all of the power that, that brings to us 
for Canada. We're starting to receive more and more new merchandise into Canada as the year goes by. Some 
merchandise now will flow up there, and then as we get later into the year, more and more product that has been bought 
through Dollar Tree for the Canadian stores. 

So, this year is a year of transition, it's a year of building infrastructure. It's a year of training and really positioning 
Canada for the growth that we know that's there. All the while, we're still going to grow about 20% this year. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Charles Grom with JPMorgan. 

<Q - Charles Grom>: Hi, thanks. Good morning. 

<A - Bob Sasser, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Good morning. 

<Q - Charles Grom>: Just a question on the guidance for the full year. If I look at the midpoint of $3.65, it looks like 
your guidance implies about 15 basis points of leverage, which if I used the midpoint of your depreciation guidance, it 
looks like your just anticipating operating margin expansion from depreciation, which, given low-to-mid single-digit 
comps, seems a bit conservative or a bit guarded. I'm just trying to get a little bit of a sense for your outlook for gross 
profit margins this year? And also, what your fixed cost hurdle rate looks like for this year as well? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, Chuck, as we look at it, I think we do look to – look at the 
SG&A side as having more potential, probably than the gross profit margin side at the end of the day. Obviously, 
within gross profit margin, we all know what's going on with fuel and things like that. Obviously, we have 
opportunities to continue to improve our product margin and markdowns and shrink and all those type of things. But 
there's enough headwinds there just from the fuel that if, I don't know that we're looking for huge gains on the gross 
profit margin side. 

SG&A is where we potentially have the opportunities. And so, that's where we look at it as we sit here today. And 
some of the things, Bob talked about a few minutes ago about how we can change processes and how we flow goods 
and different things potentially create opportunity for us. But I think just your numbers, the way you created them, are 
back to good it probably makes sense. I don't know that it would all be based upon depreciation at that point, but I think 
it'd be, that midpoint is just minimal gross operating margin improvement. The one thing I would say as well, is the fact 
that Canada won't have the same operating margin as we do in the U.S. So, there will be a little bit of a drag from 
Canada on the overall operating margin. 

<Q - Charles Grom>: Okay. And then just a follow-up. So, in gross profit margins, how much was the IMU lift in the 
fourth quarter? And are you basically saying you think gross profit margins will be flat for 2011? Or do you think it 
could be down a little bit? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. I think we'd like to believe it could be no worse than flat 
and hopefully there's upside at the end of the day. But that's still to be proven. I think that's how we look at it going into 
the year with what we know today. 

Operator 

And our next question from Dan Wewer with Raymond James. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: Thanks. Hey, good morning, Bob. 

<A - Bob Sasser, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Morning, Dan. 


<Q - Dan Wewer>: When you look at the high end of the EPS guidance for the first quarter, it's an outlier compared to 
the guidance for the year. Does that solely reflect the benefits of a late Easter and that $15 million of extra revenues? 
Or is it also reflecting – it sounds like you got off to a great start in Valentine's promotions? 

<A - Bob Sasser, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Dan, we did. We started off the quarter, it's only three 
weeks into the year, but we really were pleased, even with the bad weather that drifted through early in February. We 
were very pleased with how we started off the year. Our Valentine sales were terrific. We had a terrific weekend for 
Valentine's. As we look forward, we had added, our merchants, in their wisdom, had looked at how late Easter was, and 
it was just too early to start setting Easter in a big way right after Valentine's. So they added another promotion in there 
called Dollar Days. And that's starting now. 

And we're seeing some great results from our Dollar Days promotion. Every time we have a late Easter, it does a 
couple of things. First of all, our Easter product sells better, because it's later in the year, and not hampered by the 
possibility of early bad weather. But also the Easter traffic goes on longer and it lifts all the other businesses. The basic 
businesses rise too, because of that Easter traffic, as it goes longer and later into the year. 

So, the calendar's really positive. We're well positioned, and it's a little of everything really. I feel better opening up this 
year with our basics than I felt last year for example. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: Is there any risk that the benefits of the late Easter, which benefits your first quarter, does it dilute 
any of the promotions you have scheduled early in the second quarter? 

<A - Bob Sasser, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No. I don't think so. Second quarter is, is – it's, it doesn't 
have the impact – it doesn't have the big holidays in it that you have in first quarter or fourth quarter. So, second and 
third quarter typically are driven by basic business. And then you've got some of the smaller holidays months, Mother's 
Day, Father's Day is not even hardly worth a mention, frankly, but 4th of July, and then into back to school, but really, 
no major holidays. So, it's really driven by basics in second and third quarter. There's nothing going away from that. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: Okay. And then just one other question. You noted at the beginning of your presentation that you 
control the destiny in your gross margin rate by adjusting mix, adjusting the items in your stores. Can you remind us 
the rate that you're changing, changing over your SKU count and your discretionary items year-over-year? As I recall, a 
few years ago you talked about turning those items, maybe 50% every two years. I don't remember if that's correct or 
not. Has that changed any? 

<A - Bob Sasser, President and Chief Executive Officer>: That's about the same. We change about 50% of our mix 
every year. We change, we change it as a strategy. We want our stores to be new and fresh, especially with that 
seasonal product. We want to see that change like the leaves on the trees, is the way I've always described it. We like to 

– if an item was good last year, then it might be okay this year. We think the third year we ought to be finding 
something new, or else it won't be as good as it was the first two. So, we as a strategy are always trying to change about 
50% of our product. 
If you look at the discretionary versus basic mix, it has grown. We're up in fourth – let's see, fourth quarter is about 
45%, and the – yes, basics and 55% discretionary, that's grown over the years, and as we go into 2011 that may even 
approach closer to 50%. As we get into the year, the seasons of course both first and fourth quarter, drive more 
discretionary product. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from David Mann with Johnson Rice. 

<Q - David Mann>: Hi, thank you. Good morning. In terms of the Deal$ business, it looks like you're accelerating 
your store growth there. I know you've been asked a lot about, at what point do you feel that you've got it to the point 


that you can accelerate that it's – that the margins and returns are more comparable to Dollar Tree? So, can you just 
give us an update on how you feel about the business? And what some of those relative metrics look like? 

<A - Bob Sasser, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, we're really excited about our Deal$ business, and 
they led, actually led our company on many levels, on many lines throughout the year. It's still not as profitable as the 
Dollar Tree – nothing in the market is as profitable as the Dollar Tree. But the Deal$ are gaining traction, and we see a 
real opportunity as we get into this – some of the higher density markets, geographic markets. 

Deal$ here in the fourth quarter, some of the top categories were household cleaning supplies and food, but also toys 
and electronics and healthcare products. We continue to see excitement in our home business and our domestics 
categories at Deal$. We're expanding into some categories at Deal$, including small appliances and automotive 
products, like anti-freeze and motor oil that you just don't find in a Dollar Tree store. So there's new categories in there. 
We've just started accepting coupons in our Deal$ stores, and that has been accepted widely by our customers. 

Just to give you some of the metrics, we've got 164 stores at the end of the year. Our average ticket at Deal$ was 
$10.28 in all Deal$ stores. That's up from, Dollar Tree average ticket is less than $8. Our average ticket when we sell 
an item that's more than a dollar is $15.59 – was $15.59. So that's a key metric. The number of transactions where we 
had a basket with an item more than $1 was up to 52.3% last year. So, customers are accepting the multi-price strategy 
at our Deal$ stores. Our average unit retail is about $3.28 on a – if it's not $1, it's about $3.28, to give you some color 
on that. But we're very excited about our Deal$ model, we plan to open more stores this year. We're finding more real 
estate that is desirable for our Deal$ locations, and we're excited about our growth potential over the long haul. 

<Q - David Mann>: And the new stores that you're opening, are they still all in existing markets? Or are you 
expanding markets there as well? 

<A - Bob Sasser, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We are opening this year within existing markets. Now, 
when I say existing markets, most of it was in new markets as compared to where the stores were that we bought. A lot 
of the stores were in the Northeast that we opened this past year. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Brent Rystrom with Feltl. 

<A - Bob Sasser, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hey, Brent. 

<Q - Brent Rystrom>: Hey, guys. Just two quick questions and then if you could repeat, at the beginning of the call, 
you made comments about the best performing categories. Two quick questions, how many stores have lease 
restrictions on having frozen and refrigerated? And then, is there a geographic focus for store openings in 2011? 
Thanks. 

<A - Bob Sasser, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Brent, I don't know how many have lease restrictions, but 
a lot. And as we open up new stores, that's one of the things that we are looking at as we're building our store lists for 
the coming years. I really don't know that I can tell you how many have lease restrictions. And when you say lease 
restrictions, you know, as you know, there are many different kinds of lease restrictions, and it's not always just frozen 
foods, sometimes it's other kinds of food. Sometimes it's not food at all. It's a crazy world out there, sometimes it's 
parties, goods, and other categories too. So there are a lot – it's something we have to work through, right? We're 
capable of doing that, but it is something that is a somewhat limiting factor as we go forward. 

Growth as we go into 2011, you know we like the Southeast. We're still growing in the Southeast. One of the reasons 
we're expanding our Savannah Distribution Center is because the performance is terrific in our Southeast stores, and we 
see more opportunity as we go forward. We still see great opportunity in the Southwest and in Southern California. 

Operator 


And we'll take our next question from Neil Currie with UBS. 

<Q - Neil Currie>: Yes, thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to ask a couple of questions, most of them have 
already been asked. But, first of all, on Canada, it's still quite early, but I'm sure you've got your feet under the table a 
little bit, and I'm wondering if you're seeing any further opportunities in Canada that you didn't see during due diligence 
process? 

<A - Bob Sasser, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, there's always things you find once you get in, and 
nothing that is discouraging in the long run. It's a lot of hard work. Canada is not the United States, and we are not 
approaching it that way. We have Canadian operators up there. The people that we bought the Dollar Giant stores from 
are still employed up there, still running the business with the help of our Dollar Tree people. The big opportunity that 
we have, we think, is that our buying power does bring a lot of opportunity on value, opportunities – more value for our 
Dollar Giant stores, as well as higher margins for our Dollar Giant stores. We have the balance sheet that will enable us 
to grow as the real estate avails itself, as we find it. We have the balance sheet to be able to take advantage of that. 
We're not limited by access to the capital. We have all the systems ready to be employed in Canada that we're using in 
the U.S. 

So, we're very excited about Canada. 2011 is going to be a year of integration. It's going to be a year of building the 
infrastructure. We're going to grow about 20%, but more importantly we're going to get ready to expand our growth in 
the out years. The opportunity is still 900 to 1,000 stores. We've taken a look at the Canadian market, just like we did 
the U.S. market, in looking at population density and retail concentrations and how many stores we think an area can 
support. We are very much still excited about our Canadian opportunities. 

<Q - Neil Currie>: Thanks. And then, just wondering if I could ask something very specific about comp sales, and just 
ask if we were to exclude the bad weather storm periods, what you're basically saying is that you would have been in 
the 6% plus area again this quarter? 

<A - Bob Sasser, President and Chief Executive Officer>: 5.5% to 6% is what we modeled. If you – we looked at it 
in two different ways, we looked at the stores in the south versus the northern, and then we looked at the days as the 
weather was passing through. And it would have been in that 5.5% to 6% comp. 

Operator 

And we'll take our last question from Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - Austin Pauls>: Good morning. This is Austin Pauls sitting in for Scot. Just a quick question on share buybacks. 
Could you just remind us how you're thinking about the prioritization of capital allocation as it pertains to share 
repurchases, given that you have the various initiatives with Deal$ and Dollar Giant as well as your core Dollar Tree 
stores? Thanks. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. Well, when we look at capital allocation, we look at the 
capital expenditures for next year, obviously, that takes into consideration expansion and infrastructure additions that 
we need to do to support Canada, as well as Deal$ as well as Dollar Tree, as well. So, those numbers are out there and 
set aside, and we know what those are. So, obviously, then from the rest of the free cash flow that we generate, we can 
go down our list, and we've talked about these in the past. And you've got buying back shares, you've got the potential 
to – we have a $250 million term loan, we could pay that back. We have the ability to – the Board talks about 
dividends, does not believe it's an appropriate use at this point in time. 

We've used cash for acquisitions in the past. Obviously, we've made a small one this past year. Those are all of the 
things that we typically look at, and to this point, we have determined that the best way to return value to our 
shareholders is through the repurchasing of shares, and that's where we've been at. Obviously, the Board has been 
supportive of that. We have $346 million outstanding on our current authorization. So, we have plenty of room, and I 
think that's – so it typically rises to the top as a use of cash at this point in time, is how we've looked at it. 


Operator 

And that concludes the question-and-answer session today. At this time, Mr. Reid, I'll turn the conference back over to 
you for any additional or closing remarks. 

Timothy J. Reid, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thank you, Yvonne, and thank you, all, for participating in the call today. Thank you for your continued interest in 
Dollar Tree. Our next sales and earnings release and conference call is scheduled for Thursday, May 20, 2011 (sic) 
[May 19, 2011]. Thank you. 

Operator 

And that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


