Q3 2015 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Randy Guiler 
• Robert L. Sasser 
• Kevin S. Wampler 
• Gary M. Philbin 
Other Participants 

• Matthew Robert Boss 
• Stephen White Grambling 
• Daniel Thomas Binder 
• Michael Louis Lasser 
• Scot Ciccarelli 
• Paul E. Trussell 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Please stand by. Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Dollar Tree, Incorporated's Third Quarter Earnings 
Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. 

For opening remarks and introductions, I will turn the conference over to Mr. Randy Guiler, Vice President-Investor 
Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 

Randy Guiler 

Thank you, Debbie. Good morning, and welcome to our conference call to discuss Dollar Tree's performance for the 
third quarter of fiscal 2015. Participating on today's call will be CEO, Bob Sasser; CFO, Kevin Wampler; and Family 
Dollar's President and Chief Operating Officer, Gary Philbin. 

Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that various remarks that we will make about future expectations, 
plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for the purposes of the Safe Harbor 
provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those 
indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, included in our most recent press 
release, most recent current report on Form 8-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and Annual Report on Form 10-K, 
which are on file with the SEC. We have no obligation to update our forward-looking statements and you should not 
expect us to do so. 

At the end of our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. Please limit your questions to one and one 
follow-up if necessary. 

Now I will turn the call over to Bob Sasser, Dollar Tree's Chief Executive Officer. 


Robert L. Sasser 

Thank you, Randy, and good morning everyone. 

This morning, we announced results for the third quarter of fiscal 2015. Total sales increased to $4.95 billion and 
same-store sales increased 2.1% on a constant currency basis. Adjusted cash EPS increased 30.4% to $1.33 per share, 
versus $1.02 per share in the prior year's third quarter. 

Despite what continues to be viewed by many as a challenging retail environment, I'm very pleased with our third 
quarter performance and especially with our continued progress in integrating our recent acquisition of Family Dollar. 

There have been no surprises that would change our outlook on the strategic rationale. There's only increased 
excitement about the opportunities that lie ahead as a larger, stronger and more diversified organization. We're only one 
full quarter into the integration and both our teams are aligned strategically and collaborating to deliver solid results. 

Accomplishments in the third quarter include another solid quarter for the Dollar Tree banner. As expected, Dollar Tree 
delivered a low-single digit positive sales comp. Same-store sales on a constant currency basis increased 2.1%; and that 
was on top of a strong 5.9% increase in the third quarter last year. This was the most difficult quarterly comparison for 
the year. 

On a two-year stacked basis, our same-store sales accelerated from the second quarter to the third quarter, just as they 
had done from the first quarter to the second. Sales growth in Q3 was driven by increases in both traffic and average 
ticket. 

We're making meaningful progress on integrating the Family Dollar banner. Only one full quarter in, the stores are 
cleaner, the shelves are better stocked. We've cleaned up old inventory and the end-caps are more compelling and 
relevant. The feedback we're receiving from store teams and customers has been positive. 

We've developed and announced plans to rebanner our Deals locations. Our full resources and energy are being focused 
on our two primary banners, Dollar Tree and Family Dollar. And on November 2, we announced the successful 
completion of our required divestiture of 330 Family Dollar stores. 

I'm extremely pleased with the consistent growth and strength of the Dollar Tree business. This was the 31st 
consecutive quarter of positive same-store sales. Third quarter results continue to validate the relevance of the Dollar 
Tree brand as customers are shopping with us more often, we're attracting new customers every day; and when the 
customers are in the store, they're buying more. 

Dollar Tree continues to be part of the solution for millions of consumers as they strive to balance their household 
budgets. We serve a very loyal and growing customer base. Our commitment is to continue serving our existing 
customers better, while taking every opportunity to gain new customers in every store every day. 

Our merchants do a great job sourcing product that exceeds customer expectations for what $1 can buy at a cost that 
fits our margin requirements. And our store teams are focused on providing a clean, full fun and friendly shopping 
experience. Our merchandised values are better than ever. 

Seasonal energy was high beginning in August with back-to-school. In addition to dominant displays of back-to-school 
basics, the customers responded favorably to brightly colored fashion stationery, teacher supplies, classroom essentials 
and lunch box values; all priced at $1. 

In September, we celebrated Dollar Tree's 29th anniversary with bonus buys and WOW items for our customers. Key 
categories included cleaning supplies, home office essentials, snacks and a broad assortment of special values from our 
million-dollar brands. Our stores were filled with well-known national brands and high-value private labels throughout 
the event. 

Seasonally, our store teams transitioned efficiently from back-to-school to fall, harvest and Halloween. In September, 
Dollar Tree became Halloween headquarters with major statements in Halloween costumes, makeup, home décor, 


candy and party supplies. Customers responded enthusiastically, and our sell-through was improved over last year. 
Dollar Tree stores are now set and prepared for Christmas and fourth quarter holiday shopping season. 

For the third quarter, same-store sales increased as the result of growth in both our basic consumables and discretionary 
products. The top performing categories in the quarter included snacks and beverage, candy and food, household 
supplies and beauty and eyewear. 

Geographically, Dollar Tree's same-store sales growth was strongest in the Midwest, followed by the Mid-Atlantic, 
Southeast and Northeast. All six geographic zones produced positive same-store sales for the quarter. Looking forward, 
the Dollar Tree segment is positioned for increased relevance to our customers' sustained growth and improved 
profitability. We have multiple opportunities to continue growing and improving our business through opening more 
stores and increasing the productivity of all of our stores. 

In the third quarter, we opened a total of 118 new Dollar Tree stores and relocated or expanded 16 stores for a total of 
134 projects. Additionally, during the quarter, we rebannered 143 Family Dollar stores to Dollar Tree stores, and we're 
pleased with the results. We're now targeting a total of 200 conversions in this fiscal year. Total Dollar Tree square 
footage increased 9.9% compared to the prior year, and we ended the quarter with 5,841 Dollar Tree stores in North 
America. 

In addition to new stores, we continue to execute our strategy to improve the productivity of our existing stores. Some 
of our drive the business initiatives include category expansions, customers realizing more value as we rationalize and 
expand assortments in our pet supplies, hardware, healthcare, beauty and eyewear, as well as home and household 
products. Seasonal relevance, our storefronts change with the seasons. At Dollar Tree, we want to own the seasons at 
the $1 price point. 

Merchandise energy and the thrill of the hunt throughout the store, at Dollar Tree you always find an unexpected value. 
And being first of the month ready, we place special emphasis on basic consumables, core items at the beginning of 
each month when many customers are shopping for basic needs. 

Additionally, we're continuing the expansion of our frozen and refrigerated category. In the third quarter, we installed 
freezers and coolers in 135 additional stores for a total of 390 stores year-to-date. We currently offer frozen and 
refrigerated products in 4,148 stores and growing. 

We continue to support planned growth with infrastructure and distribution capacity ahead of the need. Construction on 
our newest DC and Cherokee County, South Carolina, is well underway. This 1.5 million square foot automated facility 
will provide capacity and increased efficiency to support continued profitable store growth in the Southeast and 
Mid-Atlantic regions of the U.S. We plan to have the facility operational in Q3 of 2016. 

Additionally, to support continued growth in our California markets, we're expanding our Stockton distribution center 
from 525,000 square feet to 820,000 square feet, an increase of 55%. This project is scheduled to be completed by the 
end of our second quarter in 2016. 

Again, I'm extremely pleased with our company's accomplishments in the third quarter. Our Dollar Tree segment 
continues to deliver sector-leading operating margins. Our customer base is large and growing. And we're on schedule 
with our integration of Family Dollar. We have an incredible opportunity ahead of us as a combined organization. I 
view this strategic rationale as more compelling than ever. 

In the early days of integration, we found nothing that diminishes our vision and plans for value creation. In fact, I'm 
even more enthusiastic about the opportunity this merger presents for our customers, our suppliers, our associates and 
our shareholders. Our primary areas of focus for Family Dollar are on the customer, the shopping experience and the 
value equation. 

In the third quarter, we kicked off our red-tag clearance event, while continuing the review of our merchandise 
assortments and category flow, refining real estate plans, reviewing and refining marketing plans, and defining the table 
stakes in our stores. With our red-tag clearance events, we identified markdown and cleared out old, slow-moving and 
non-productive inventory. In doing so, we reclaimed our end-caps to make way for fresh, new and seasonal 


merchandise and to refresh our discretionary sections in apparel, home and seasonal. All of these are important 
categories as we enter the holidays. 

The red-tag event was well-executed across stores. Customers responded to the additional savings. And we've cleared 
more than $135 million at retail in aged and non-productive inventory. Merchandise assortments are under review. Our 
focus is on providing product and value that best meets our customers' needs. We're paying special attention to opening 
price points, national brand pricing, private label products and roles, while rationalizing skews for increased 
productivity and a focus on basic in-stock levels. 

In real estate, we're analyzing portfolio data to gain a better understanding of customer and demographic targets. This is 
assisting in the identification of additional stores that would have better Dollar Tree demographics for potential 
rebanner and identifying metrics for improving new store productivity and our return on investment. 

We're extremely focused on opportunities to improve the customer experience. The table stakes requirements are being 
refined, quantified and rolled out for testing. Table stakes include store standards and conditions, the customer 
experience, merchandise relevance and customer engagement to name a few of the key metrics. Many of these metrics 
are less about investment and more about disciplines and benchmarks. 

Customers are already seeing cleaner aisles with less clutter. For table stakes initiatives that require investments, we're 
planning to manage with the same disciplined approach that we've used at Dollar Tree for many years, identifying and 
paying special attention to the customer-facing metrics with a focus on return on investment and productivity 
enhancement. We're making great progress on delivering announced synergies. 

We have confidence in our ability to deliver at least $300 million in annual run rate synergies by the end of the third 
full year, post-closing. In fact, I'll be disappointed if we don't exceed this number. As a reminder, these synergies will 
be driven through four primary avenues: sourcing and procurement; our rebanner program for optimizing store formats; 
distribution and logistics; and overhead and corporate SG&A. As announced, we expect to spend approximately $300 
million of one-time cost to achieve these synergies. We still have a lot of work ahead of us, but at this stage we're 
clearly on track to achieve our year-one milestone of at least $75 million in run rate synergies. 

Plans and processes to capture sourcing and procurement synergies are well underway. Our exact match initiative to 
provide the lowest cost on identical items across both banners is nearly complete with expected results; no surprises. 
The review of similar match items continues; positive results are growing. We are achieving payment term parity with 
savings from harmonizing payment terms. Auctions, RFPs and a formal bid process are well underway on expense 
items. Our savings continue to build toward expectations. 

During the third quarter, we rebannered an additional 143 Family Dollar stores to Dollar Tree, bringing our total of 
converted stores to 147. We are continuing to rebanner stores into November and fourth quarter, and we're now 
targeting a total of 200 conversions for fiscal 2015. The preliminary results are meeting expectations and feedback from 
both store teams and customers has been positive. We're well on our way towards finalizing the supply chain roadmap 
and initiating the multi-banner supply chain project. 

With a cross-organizational functional team, we're integrating our warehouse management systems and we're making 
plans to rationalize the fleet of combined DCs, analyzing space needs by banner and determining our ability to ship 
both banners out of all facilities. This is a very large project with significant opportunity for long-term synergies. Our 
first pilot facility is planned to be operational in third quarter of 2016. 

We continue to make progress on reducing cost through a shared services model. We're combining back-office 
functions to support both banners through a shared services organization. Over time, these shared services will include 
human resources, finance, information technology, supply chain and logistics, legal, strategic planning and internal 
audit. Our goal is to provide consistent, efficient support of our business initiatives across the combined organization 
through a more cost-effective approach. 

On October 13, we announced plans to rebanner all 220 Deals locations in 2016. For nearly a decade, our committed 
team of Deals associates has done a great job of consistently providing customers with terrific values. With the 


acquisition of Family Dollar, we're confident that we can provide more focus and better serve our Deals customers and 
markets through our primary banners; Dollar Tree and Family Dollar. We will begin the conversion of Deals in 
January, with plans to complete the rebannering of all Deals stores by the end of July 2016. 

Only a few months into the integration, we've made great progress. There are some quick and easy wins and some that 
will take more time and a great deal of work. The timing of some will be dependent on our IT integration. Our strategy 
is not to touch everything at once, but to prioritize our areas of focus to get it right the first time and build the overall 
business for the long-term. It is a process. It will take more than a few months, but the return is worth it. 

Now I'll turn the call over to Kevin to provide more detail on our financial performance and our outlook for the 
remainder of 2015. 

Kevin S. Wampler 

Thanks, Bob, and good morning. As a result of the recent acquisition, year-over-year comparisons for the next several 
quarters will be very complex. However, we have added tables to the press release, which we believe will be helpful in 
understanding the ongoing business. 

Total sales for the third quarter grew 136% to $4.95 billion, which includes our first full quarter of Family Dollar sales. 
Dollar Tree segment sales increased 8.4% to $2.27 billion, while Family Dollar segment sales increased 6.1% to $2.67 
billion. 

Same-store sales on a constant currency basis increased 2.1% versus a very strong 5.9% in the prior year's third quarter. 
The increase was driven by both traffic and ticket increases. Adjusted for the impact of Canadian currency fluctuations, 
same-store sales grew 1.7%. Please note that all of the recently acquired Family Dollar stores and newly rebannered 
stores are considered new stores and are not included in our same-store sales calculation. 

We were pleased with Family Dollar sales during the quarter. We saw low to mid-single digit positive same-store sales 
each month during the quarter. September was the strongest month, driven by the timing of our red-tag clearance event. 
Geographically, sales strength was relatively balanced by region. 

Gross profit for the combined organization increased by $674.7 million or 93% to $1.4 billion for the third quarter of 
2015 compared to last year's quarter. The majority of the dollar increase was driven by Family Dollar's gross profit of 
$627.8 million. 

A few factors to note are, during the quarter, $38.4 million was amortized to cost of goods sold related to the inventory 
step-up and negatively impacted gross margin results. This amount was higher than originally projected based on 
inventory sell-through. The total dollar amount to be amortized has not changed. We currently estimate an additional 
$11 million will be amortized to cost of goods sold in Q4. 

During the third quarter, we took an additional $13 million in markdown-related expense in the Family Dollar banner 
for our red-tag clearance event. We opted to take advantage of the success and traffic of the clearance event to clear 
additional inventory that was deemed non-go-forward. 

Gross profit margin for the Dollar Tree segment was 34% during the third quarter, compared with 34.6% in the prior 
year's third quarter. The 60 basis point decline as a percent of sales was primarily driven by a decrease in mark-on 
related to increased third-party product testing, increased freight and higher distribution center labor costs. Gross profit 
margin for the Family Dollar segment was 23.5% during the third quarter, compared with 24.3% in the comparable 
prior year period. 

Excluding the $38.4 million of inventory step-up amortization and the $13 million of additional clearance markdowns, 
gross profit margin was 25.4% for the quarter. The improvement of 110 basis points on a comparable basis was driven 
by improved mark-on, lower markdowns, improvement in freight and distribution costs, partially offset by higher 
occupancy costs. 


Selling, general and administrative expenses in the quarter for the combined organization increased 132.7% to $1.18 
billion, from $505.6 million in last year's third quarter. The majority of the $670.7 million increase related to $628.9 
million of Family Dollar expense. 

Q3 SG&A expense for the Dollar Tree segment as a percent of sales was 24.1%, consistent with the prior year's 
quarter. The current year includes $20.3 million of acquisition and integration-related costs, while the prior year 
included $14.3 million of acquisition-related costs. Excluding these costs, adjusted SG&A improved to 23.3% for Q3, 
compared to 23.5% for the prior year's quarter. This 20-basis point improvement was driven primarily by lower 
incentive comp and legal fees. 

SG&A expense for the Family Dollar segment as a percent of sales was 23.5%, compared to 23% in the prior year's 
quarter. The current year includes $6.8 million of integration and divestiture costs, $19.8 million of depreciation for 
harmonization of policies and fair market value adjustments, and $19.2 million of favorable lease right amortization. 
The prior year's comparable period included $30.6 million of restructuring charges and $9.7 million of 
acquisition-related costs. 

Excluding these costs, adjusted SG&A increased 40 basis points as a percent of sales to 21.8%, from 21.4% in the prior 
year. The increase was primarily driven by increased repair and maintenance expense for the quarter. 

Adjusted operating income, excluding acquisition and integrated related costs for Dollar Tree segment increased $11.1 
million to $245.1 million. As a percent of sales, adjusted operating income decreased 40 basis points to 10.8%, 
compared to 11.2% of sales on the prior year's third quarter. 

Adjusted operating income for the Family Dollar segment increased $23.1 million to $96.1 million. As a percent to 
sales, adjusted operating income increased 70 basis points to 3.6%, compared to 2.9% of sales in the prior year's 
comparable period. 

And our operating expenses for the third quarter totaled $99 million and were comprised primarily of net interest 
expense of $98.4 million in the quarter. For the third quarter, the company had net income of $81.9 million or $0.35 per 
diluted share. Adjusted earnings per share, as detailed in the press release tables, was $0.49 per diluted share. On an 
adjusted cash EPS basis, earnings per share for the quarter increased 30.4% to $1.33 per share, compared to $1.02 per 
share in last year's third quarter. 

In our earnings release issued this morning, we provided a detailed reconciliation of net income to adjusted EBITDA, 
adjusted cash earnings and adjusted cash earnings per share. Our effective tax rate for the third quarter was 34.3%, 
compared to 36.5% on the prior year's quarter. The lower rate was primarily attributable to an increase in work 
opportunity tax credits, or WOTC, in relation to income for the third quarter and a decrease in state tax expense. 
Combined cash and cash equivalents at quarter-end totaled $1.1 billion, compared to $407.6 million at the end of the 
third quarter of last year. 

Inventory for the Dollar Tree segment at quarter-end was 12.1% greater than at the same time last year, while selling 
square footage increased 9.9%. Inventory for selling square foot increased 2%. We believe that current inventory levels 
are appropriate to support scheduled new store openings and our sales initiatives for the fourth quarter. 

For the Family Dollar segment, we are extremely pleased with our clearance event which eliminated aged and 
non-productive inventory. And at the end of the quarter, inventory decreased 0.3% compared to the prior year. We are 
continuing to review merchandise assortments since our current inventory levels are appropriate for the fourth quarter. 

Capital expenditures were $169.5 million in the third quarter of 2015, versus $94.2 million in the third quarter last year. 
For fiscal 2015, we're planning for validated capital expenditures to range from $505 million to $525 million. Capital 
expenditures will be focused new stores and remodels including additional fee development stores, rebanner of select 
Family Dollar stores to Dollar Tree stores, the addition of frozen or refrigerated capability to approximately 425 stores, 
IT system enhancements, the construction of new Cherokee County, South Carolina distribution center, and the 
expansion of our stock in California distribution center. 


Depreciation and amortization totaled $168.7 million for the third quarter, versus $50.9 million in the third quarter last 
year. For fiscal 2015, we expect consolidated depreciation and amortization to range from $470 million to $490 
million. As discussed with Q2, this range includes increases over the traditional run rate of depreciation and 
amortization expense for Family Dollar for two items. 

First, it includes $46 million of depreciation above the historical run rate for Family Dollar as a result of harmonizing 
the depreciable lives, accounting policies of the two companies, and the increase in the value of assets based on 
purchase price allocation. Secondly, it includes $45 million for the amortization of favorable lease right for the 
purchase price valuation of Family Dollar leases. 

Our guidance then takes into account our actual performance for the first three quarters of 2015 as well as our visibility 
and forecast for the remainder of the year. Our guidance includes the following assumptions. I'd like to reiterate that 
our same-store sales calculation excludes recently acquired Family Dollar stores and exclude stores that were 
rebannered from Family Dollar to Dollar Tree. These stores will be included in our same-store sales calculations when 
they have been owned by Dollar Tree or opened as a Dollar Tree for 15 months. 

We will continue to experience some degree of cannibalization to Dollar Tree comps as part of our rebanner efforts. 
This cannibalization expectation was planned and factored into our both our rebanner strategy and analysis and our 
outlook for same-store sales. 

On October 13, we announced our 2016 plans to rebanner all of our Deals store locations so that we can place all of our 
focus on our two primary banners, Dollar Tree and Family Dollar. The conversion process will be similar to that we are 
using to convert Family Dollar stores to Dollar Trees. We expect to have this initiative completed by the end of July 
2016. Our guidance includes $12.5 million of markdown reserves, accelerated depreciation and other rebannering 
expense. This represents our best estimate at this time to complete the rebannering of Deals stores to Dollar Tree stores. 

On November 2, just after our third quarter ended, we announced the successful completion of our required divestiture 
of 330 Family Dollar stores. These 330 stores represented approximately $45.5 million in annual operating income. 
Terms of the sales have been disclosed and the net effect of the divestiture on Dollar Tree's assets and liabilities has 
been reflected in the consolidated balance sheet. 

The divestiture will have two effects on our future income. In addition to losing the operating income associated with 
these 330 stores, we also expect to incur $5 million to $10 million on transaction closing costs and setup costs related to 
transition services. Over a period, expected to be no more than 24 months, we will be providing certain support and 
transition services and expect to be reimbursed by the buyer for these direct operating costs and support services. 

The expected financial effect of the divestitures, which includes the loss of the operating income from the 330 stores 
along with the cost of the transition services agreement is included in our guidance. Our guidance also assumes a tax 
rate of 37.9% for the fourth quarter. Weighted average diluted share counts are assumed to be 235.8 million shares for 
Q4 and 223.5 million shares for the full year. 

For the fourth quarter, we are forecasting total sales to range from $5.32 billion to $5.42 billion. For fiscal 2015, we are 
now estimating total sales to range from $15.45 billion to $15.55 billion. Both of these estimates are based on a 
low-single digit same-store sales increase. 

We've attached to our press release a reconciliation of the forecasted Q4 range of net income to adjusted EBITDA and 
adjusted cash earnings per share. We're forecasting net income to range from $213.2 million to $242.2 million; and 
adjusted cash earnings per diluted share of $2.32 to $2.51 for the fourth quarter. 

I'll now turn the call back over to Bob. 

Robert L. Sasser 

Thanks, Kevin. The strategic rationale for the Family Dollar acquisition is more compelling than ever. This is an 
extremely large and complex transaction involving more than 13,000 retail store locations, 180,000 people and 23 


distribution centers, which based on store count, is the largest of any previous retail merger. While we are very early in 
the integration process, I'm pleased with our progress. We have great confidence in our ability and the opportunity – 
and the ability to achieve at least $300 million in annual run rate synergies by the end of year three. 

These synergies will be achieved through a combination of lowering costs in both direct and indirect sourcing, banner 
optimization, logistics and overhead. We will employ a disciplined approach to driving key strategic initiatives to the 
combined organization through improved communication, analysis, collaboration and incentives. We're confident that 
placing our initial emphasis in these areas can materially enhance operating performance of the Family Dollar brand for 
improvements in sales, margins, expense control and greater customer satisfaction. 

I'll close the prepared remarks by saying that the Dollar Tree business model is powerful, flexible and more relevant 
than ever, providing extreme value to customers, while recording record levels of earnings. 

Our model has been tested by time and validated by history. For 31 consecutive quarters, Dollar Tree has delivered 
positive same-store sales increases through good times and difficult times and all retail cycles. Consumers are looking 
for value no matter the state of the economy. While our price point remains a dollar, our operating margin continues to 
lead the discount sector. 

With the addition of Family Dollar, we're a larger, stronger and more diversified business, better able to serve more 
customers and more markets with exactly what they're looking for; great value in every store, every day. And we have 
many years of growth ahead of us. 

Operator, we are now ready for your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, the question-and-answer session is conducted electronically. [Operator 
Instructions] In order to allow everyone an opportunity to ask their question, we ask that you please limit yourself to 
one question with one follow-up. We'll go first to Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 

<Q - Matthew Robert Boss>: Thanks, and congrats on the progress to-date. So the first question I just wanted to ask is 
more around Family Dollar. I guess, first, is the inventory clearance now complete? Secondly, have the positive comps 
continued into the fourth quarter? And then, Bob, if you could just talk about the categories that you've been able to 
touch so far and how you'd like us to judge you during the holiday and into early next year? 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Well, Matt, thank you for the questions. I will tell you that we had great success with the 
red-tag clearance, and the initial plans on that have been pretty much completed. We had great a cleanup on that, as I 
said in the prepared remarks, $135 million worth of inventory retail moved out. We still will have some Christmas to 
come. Obviously, we're going to be better served and getting rid of that during the Christmas season. So that's smaller 
dollars, but that's still yet to come in the fourth quarter. The second question... 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Trends, fourth quarter. 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: ...was fourth quarter trends. I will tell you that I'm really jazzed about fourth quarter. We are 
not going to report fourth quarter for a while. So I can't start talking to you about the sales and specificities. But, all in 
all, we're excited about our plans at Family Dollar. Again, we've opened up all those end-caps and all that space for our 
seasonal merchandise. The seasonal merchandise looks really terrific, and we're excited about our opportunities there. 
And third question was categories? 

<A - Gary M. Philbin>: Categories we've touched. So, Matt, this is Gary. Let me just maybe add a little color. As we 
stepped into driving the business, step one was to get the red-tag clearance event going; and that did a couple of things 
for us. It got rid of unproductive inventory, but I would say it also got ourselves setup for the holidays the right way, 
which is very important for us. 


The category reviews are ongoing, but the priority going to the fourth quarter was just to make sure that our holiday 
merchandise and a lot of our discretionary categories were in place. So during the fourth quarter, you're not going to 
see wholesale changes in categories. We are focused purely on getting the holiday merchandise out in front of the 
customer. And I think we have our best opportunity this year to have a great sell on lots of the seasonal-relevant items. 

The merchandising reviews will be ongoing as we go into fiscal 2016, and you'll see those changes as we roll them out. 
But our focus now through the holiday is just purely but to sell all the holiday merchandise related to Thanksgiving and 
Christmas that we can. 

<Q - Matthew Robert Boss>: Great, and then just one quick follow-up. As we think to next year, there's been a lot of 
talk out there about vendor negotiations and wages. Bob, I know you're not giving formal guidance until February, but 
anything larger picture that you've uncovered that surprised you so far as you've dug into Family Dollar? And just any 
help around the best way to think about vendor funding and wages I think would be really helpful. 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Well, I will share with you this, one of our synergies was to work with our vendor partners to 
align the cost on the exact match items and also to begin work on the similar match items. And we're really well into 
that and I'm really excited about – we're achieving what we expected in that. 

As far as working with our vendors going forward, our plan is to work with them to provide the best product to our 
customers to sell it. We want to drive product sales from our vendor partners. The way we go to market, we prefer, in 
many cases, to take those incentives and apply it to the cost of the goods in such a way that we can share that value 
with the customer. We're going to make money by selling product, not by collecting funds. Now having said that, we 
don't expect the funds to go away. We expect to work with our vendor partners to use them in such a way that we can 
drive more cartons, more cases of their product through our doors. 

So, I'm excited about the transition. I think you can get – as a retailer, or many retailers – I think you get too focused on 
collecting the funds and not focus enough on the customer, not focus enough on driving value for the customer. And 
we're just exactly, as we've done at Dollar Tree, we're always focused on the customer, giving the best price that we 
possibly can. That includes giving our share of the funding where possible, but giving the lowest price possible so that 
we can price the product appropriately and drive more case sales through the front doors. 

And our vendor partners have the same goal, by the way. So we're completely aligned on that strategy. I think that the 
plans are coming together very, very nicely. 

<Q - Matthew Robert Boss>: Great. Best of luck. 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Hey, Steve. 

<Q - Stephen White Grambling>: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. So, I guess, changing the 
focus to the Dollar Tree business, as you look at the gross margin line, I think that Kevin mentioned the increased 
third-party product testing and increased freight cost, can you just elaborate on some of the drivers of both and how we 
should be thinking about these impacts going forward? And then I guess maybe a bigger picture question, just your 
longer term expectations for the Dollar Tree segment margin? Thanks. 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Yeah. Steve, that's a fair question. I can tell you that the two things that Kevin mentioned, 
there are things that we do in the normal course of the business. We have doubled down on our testing; testing more 
times especially on some of the categories that are more subject to compliance issues. And the idea is we don't want to 
fail. We want to make sure that we're providing a safe product for our customers, and we've doubled down on our 


testing. I think that's a one-time. Not that we're not going to continue testing, but what you saw there was a little bit of a 
bubble based on a change in the way we are doing our testing. That will smooth out over time. I have great confidence 
we'll be able to manage that for the long haul. 

The second thing was the big margins impact was our DC productivity was lower in the third quarter, and there's a 
couple of things there and they're all – you can point to them. We can identify them and we can fix them over time. But 
we are here at peak inventory times at Dollar Tree. We are receiving all the products in the third quarter for our third 
quarter, as well as our fourth quarter sales. 

It's a peak inventory time. And at the same time, we decided to rebanner a couple of hundred Family Dollar stores to 
Dollar Tree. And we've scrambled around to buy the product and insert that into the inventory equation, receiving it in 
the appropriate DCs, and maybe signing things a little differently, moving things around, as well as rebannering our 
Deals stores, which over time we're not going to start that until January, but just the planning and getting things 
positioned for that. Reduced our overall productivity at a time when our buildings are at absolutely max peak capacity. 

As I mentioned a couple of times, we are building a new distribution center of 1.5 million square feet. We always build 
ahead of the need, but just ahead of the need in South Carolina to serve Mid-Atlantic and Southeastern Dollar Tree 
stores, as well as expanding our Stockton distribution center over 50% for next year. 

So, we're opening up more capacity while we're doing a lot of things in addition to what we had originally planned in 
our distribution model. The result was we had some distribution productivity lag. At the same time, our outbound 
transportation, which is something we've talked about before, was also a little higher than it has been in the past. So, all 
in all, things are identifiable opportunities to improve and we will improve on those, but that was really the main 
components of the drag on the gross profit number in the third quarter. 

<Q - Stephen White Grambling>: Great. And so, I guess, the follow-up there was just on the margin path going 
forward for Dollar Tree segment, which it sounds like, from putting that all together, would be theoretically you'll see 
some of that even out and be up. Is that fair? 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Yeah. I mean, we are – as I said, we're putting this huge company together into a shared 
services model. Over time, we're going to be combining both banners under one supply chain with all of our buildings 
supplying product for all banners, with the ability to supply merchandise for all banners. At the same, we're looking at 
rationalizing our buildings and also identifying where the capacity needs are going to be for the future. All of that is 
going on right now. 

What that means though is, over time, we will have lower supply chain costs; we're looking for more productivity out 
of our buildings; we're looking for reducing stem miles as we're able to service both Family Dollar stores and Dollar 
Tree stores out of the same building. So there's a lot of opportunity to lower costs going forward and to improve our 
service to our stores through the combined power of this combined supply chain. 

<Q - Stephen White Grambling>: Great. Well, thanks for the answers. And good luck for the holidays. 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Let me add one more thing. I don't think I gave you an answer on the margin for Dollar Tree 
going forward. Merchandise margins for Dollar Tree going forward, I don't think – we're always in control of that. It's 
more about the mix than it is the items, because we don't have to have anything. I'll say again, we change a lot of our 
product every year and our buyers go to market with the same goal that is to offer the best value for $1 at a margin that 
fits on our margin requirements. 

So we're still in control of our merchandise margin at Dollar Tree. We have one quarter where we've got some – a little 
noise in there, frankly. But like I said, that's identifiable, that's fixable. We're going to improve that over time. But the 
merchandise markup at Dollar Tree is still absolutely in our control; and I don't see any pressures to change that 
frankly. Our sourcing opportunities are improved with both the size of our [ph] pencil (42:46) now, as well as the 
economic conditions around the world especially in China. It's really a buyer's market out there now. Thank you. 

<Q - Stephen White Grambling>: Thanks for the color. 


Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Dan Binder with Jefferies. 

<Q - Daniel Thomas Binder>: Hi. Good morning. It's Dan Binder. I was just curious if you could give us a little bit of 
color on your thinking for Family Dollar store growth next year and just remind us what it should look like net for this 
year net of the closings and rebrands? 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: We're looking at that right now, Dan. As always, we announce our store growth at the 
January – at the March call after our fourth quarter, and we're going to do that again. There's plenty of room to grow. I 
will tell you that on the Dollar Tree side, I've always said, for years anyway I've said 7,000 stores in the U.S. Dollar 
Tree stores, another 1,000 in Canada, makes it 8,000. The Family Dollar, in talking to them, they've said for some time 
12,000 Family Dollar stores in the U.S. So there's a potential of 20,000 stores there. We've got a little over 8,000 now. 
So there's 13,000 now. 

So there's plenty of room to grow. We're putting together our plans for 2016. I would tell you that we are directionally 
pulling back on the number of stores, Family Dollar stores for next year. We're not ready to announce that number yet, 
because we're still working on budgets and all the things, the CapEx and all that goes with that. And we would plan to 
continue to grow our Dollar Tree banner next year. But, again, I'm not going to give you the numbers until the March 
call. So that's directionally how we're thinking about it, and we'll share more with you when we've got more firm 
numbers on that. 

<Q - Daniel Thomas Binder>: And then my follow-up question was with regards to the fourth quarter guidance that 
you provided. If we think about sort of the breakdown between the Family Dollar operating margin versus the Dollar 
Tree operating margin, I am not sure if you could just maybe comment to the Dollar Tree operating margin, how you 
think about that for Q4? Is it similar sort of contraction in Q4 as we saw in Q3, or you think it's closer to flat or just 
directionally how you think it plays out? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: I think, Dan, as we think about it, obviously because of the – what you've got to take into 
consideration is the Deals information we gave today which is $12.5 million estimated cost. A big piece of that is 
markdowns, which is going to affect the gross margin. Excluding that, I think we would potentially see maybe a little 
pressure from freight and DC costs in the quarter. But I expect SG&A costs to continue to leverage obviously in the 
quarter just ended. On basically a 2% comp we leverage 20 basis points, which felt like a pretty good performance with 
everything going on. 

So I think, in general, I think flattish operating margins for the Dollar Tree is a reasonable thought process. I think on 
the Family Dollar side I think it's – as I think about it, it's really around how does the holiday sell-through go; and Gary 
talked about the holiday merchandise and the focus on that. And that will determine I think how that plays out at the 
end of the day. And we're very excited about it and have high expectations, but that would be a big piece of it. 

I think on Family Dollar on the SG&A side in general, my expectation would be to show improvement from where we 
were in Q3. Q3, we were up 40 basis points year-over-year. I wouldn't expect it necessarily to be up 40 basis points. 
But if we can get somewhere closer to flat, we'd be in a better position I think. 

<Q - Daniel Thomas Binder>: Great. Thanks for the color. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Michael Lasser with UBS. 

<Q - Michael Louis Lasser>: Hey. Thanks for taking my question. On the SG&A for the Family Dollar business, how 
much of the increase that you saw in the quarter that you're implying for the fourth quarter is a cost of doing business 
and how much is more one-time in nature? I think the market's trying to understand what the true underlying operating 
income production of Family Dollar might be. And then we can layer on what our expectations of synergies and other 


factors might be over the long-term, right now it's just difficult to comprehend at this point? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Well, I think obviously given the color that looking forward to the SG&A to be flat to 
maybe slightly up, we're obviously operating in real-time. There's a lot of moving levers; no surprise there at the end of 
the day. We're being prescriptive the way we look at things on an overall basis. We've talked about the need to 
potentially invest in the stores. So you saw repairs and maintenance being up in Q3; not totally surprising. 

So some of that was normal course, some of that was catch-up. We don't really necessarily break it totally down that 
way when we're looking at it. So we're running the business in real-time. We look to control the costs where we can. 
We don't just spend money that we don't have to, very prescriptive in the way we do it. 

I know that doesn't really answer the question, but I don't know if I truly can answer your question in the sense of how 
much of it is one-time versus ongoing. So I mean that's really what we tried to do in the quarter in the sense of stripping 
out all the unusual things and getting back to a more baseline analysis of showing it up 40 basis points with basically 
the main component being repairs and maintenance. So, again, it's a work in process and we'll continue to go forward. 

<Q - Michael Louis Lasser>: Let me ask you from a different perspective. So if you look back last year on a 
stand-alone basis, Family Dollar did about $0.5 billion in operating income. Is there anything that you're seeing in the 
business now to suggest that structurally the way you're going to run the business that operating income production will 
be lower as a result of investments that are going to need to be made or other changes moving forward? And I want to 
abide by the spirit of the question. So also loosely tied to that, can you talk about the interest expense outlook for the 
fourth quarter and is that a sustainable run rates? Thank you. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Interest rate for the fourth quarter, as in our guidance, is projected at $98.4 million. So if 
you look at the table, I believe it's the last table in the schedules to the press release that details out the expected interest 
expense. So that number is what we would expect without any rate increases on an overall standpoint. As far as 
operating income, we've said, generally speaking, our belief is that we can, over time, get Family Dollar back to 
historical operating margins, which I think were – if you look at the last 10-year period, they were basically 7% to 8% 
for a vast majority of that timeframe. 

There's no belief that we can't do that. I think that's really the way we're focused on it, as opposed to a specific number 
of $500 million, or whatever. It's really more about continual improvement and it's the way we think about the Dollar 
Tree business. We're thinking about the Family Dollar business the same way, continual improvement. How do we 
continue to make the merchandise more relevant, how do we run the stores better, how do we control our costs and then 
how do we bring it to the bottom line at the end of the day. So there's no difference there. But there's nothing 
structurally or competitive wise that would preclude us from over time getting back to that 7% to 8% range. 

<Q - Michael Louis Lasser>: Okay. Thanks for the color, and have a good holiday. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, we do have time for just a couple more questions. We'll go next to Scot Ciccarelli with RBC 
Capital Markets. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: Hi, guys. First a clarification and then a question. Kevin, just to be clear, the reconciliation for 
the quarter that you disclosed, the $0.49, that still includes the roughly $66 million of excess amortization you 
previously highlighted in your 8-K. Is that right? So it's more like a $0.67 EPS number? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Well, basically, what we did, Scot, is – what we've done here is taken our reported income 
before income taxes and really adjusted for items that we had not previously given the Street. So the Street have been 
given detailed information via our second quarter call, as well as an 8-K that we subsequently filed in regards to really 
the three biggest items being inventory step-up, amortization, as well as the depreciation for the harmonization of the 
policies, as well as the favorable lease right amortization. We had given you all those information, so we assume that 


would be in our number because we've given it to you. 

What we've done here is basically reconcile the things that you didn't know. So the inventory step-up was actually 
$38.4 million, as opposed to the $26.9 million we had given you. So we've adjusted for that $11.5 million difference. 
We took an additional $13 million of markdowns for our red-tag clearance sales. So we've adjusted for that. And then 
acquisition fees and integration and divestiture-related costs, which the Street could not have predicted or we did not 
give any numbers around. So that's the way we thought about it is really trying to reconcile our number based upon 
information that have not been previously given. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: Got you. All right. That's very, very helpful for everybody I think. Now I guess the question is, 
you guys have been growing Dollar Tree's square footage at 7% for many years. Obviously, you're very comfortable 
with that 7% growth cadence. But now we're doing the rebanners, you have the pending Deals rebanners, coupled with 
what's called the greenfield store growth. Can you talk about your thoughts on the Dollar Tree store growth 
cannibalization and kind of how that may play out? 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: We have looked at the cannibalization. There is some degree of cannibalization this year from 
the 200 stores that we're rebannering. There will be some cannibalization next year from the additional rebanner stores, 
as well as the rebannering of the Deals stores to Dollar Tree and some of them to Family Dollar. 

So there will continue to be some cannibalization. There always is. When we look at these stores to rebanner, as well as 
when we look at new stores, though, we look at the sales projections for the particular store. We also look at any 
cannibalization that's going to occur in the market. So we look at surrounding stores and we define what we think our 
cannibalization is going to be. We then look at the market returns when we're opening up the new stores. 

And we're going to continue to do that. We've done it with the rebanner stores from Family Dollar; we're doing it with 
the Deals stores going to Dollar Tree; and we'll do it with our new stores. So cannibalization is just part of it after 
you're opening up the first store, the second store. And so, cannibalization is in the market. But I will tell you we've 
done our homework on it. We're pleased with the results that we're getting also from the ones that we've already 
rebannered. 

The Deals stores that we're going to rebanner, we've built that on a model of real state model for Dollar Tree. So that's 
one of the reasons that most of those are turning into Dollar Tree stores, because they will serve our interest better and 
with higher returns as Dollar Tree's [ph] if you're (55:13) going to Family Dollar. So cannibalization is part of it. We'll 
talk about it, we'll point it out, but it's really the growth in the market and the growth in the business for the company 
that's most important. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: Great. As we wind up getting the fourth quarter guidance, Bob, and kind of the outlook for 
2016, is there something you might able to define for the Street a little bit better? 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Well, we'll include it in our guidance and I think that's the best way we can share it with you 
is that as we give guidance we've included all the things that we know, including cannibalization and including 
anything that would come in there. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: Great. Thanks a lot, guys. 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take our final question today from Paul Trussell with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Paul E. Trussell>: Hi. Good morning. I wanted to ask about pricing. Family Dollar sales obviously were strong 
in the quarter. And I believe you mentioned about $135 million of excess inventory that you were able to get out of that 
which I think is about 500 basis points of add-on sales. How do we think about your pricing strategy going forward 
within this box? You mentioned looking at some private label inserts, some open price points, but in particular on the 


national branded goods where I know that there was at least historically a bit of a spread there between them and peers? 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Well, Paul, I want to say a couple of words and I'll pass it to Gary because he's living and 
breathing this every day. But, obviously, we intend to be competitively priced on our national brand products where 
you tend to offer a selection of private label name brand equivalent products that is a value to the customer at lower 
retails than the national brand, but equivalent quality. 

We think there's a big opportunity for our customers. I think they'll appreciate the value of being able to buy a name 
brand equivalent that cost 30% less, for example, or 20% less or less than the name brand. So the combination of name 
brands competitively priced, name brand equivalent products at a nice discount to the name brand price, as well as 
some special opportunities and all the things that we can do with our size to take advantage of opportunities that exists 
throughout the year. Gary, would you like to add anything on...? 

<A - Gary M. Philbin>: Paul, let me maybe start with your first comment on the $135 million. Keep in mind that was 
the retail value before we started the markdowns. So we started with a cadence that was already discounted in stores; 
somewhere between 10%, 15%, 20% off; and then we started our markdown cadence of 50%, 75%, 90%. So when you 
think about the units that we cleared out, the actual retail sales that we were receiving from that pile of goods was fairly 
static over that time. 

I think the good news on the clearance was, when folks came in for that event, they tended to buy something else in 
store at our regular retails. And so, I think the energy in just getting our stores cleaned up a bit, getting our end-caps 
reclaimed, organizing a clearance event, which is no small task to make it look like something, all served us pretty well. 

Maybe just to tag on to Bob's comments, there is an art and science to pricing. And the science piece is, we do want to 
be grounded against our strategy on competition. You always have an eye on them. But what we're really focused on at 
Family Dollar is what's most meaningful to our customers. What is it that they need for first of the month, what's the 
basket set they are looking to buy on a weekly and monthly basis? 

And so our strategy is one that talks to what's on promotion, what's on shelf, the addition for Family Dollar of a private 
label program that could be polished up and really enhanced opening price points; and some of the assortment gaps we 
have is a great one. Not to mention the addition of – we have a great import program, but that can also drive additional 
value into the store. 

So we really see all those arrows in our quiver as we get rooted in what do we need to be to be competitive, but really 
stay focused on what a Family Dollar customer needs to drive value into her basket on a weekly and monthly basis. So 
that's the approach we're taking as we go through our category reviews and looking into 2016. 

<Q - Paul E. Trussell>: That's a very helpful color. Thank you. And just a follow-up to close. Bob, maybe if you can 
just touch on the consumer overall. I think that your better-than-expected revenue comes on the heels of some other 
discounters, perhaps beating some expectations. Is your sense that your core customer is a bit more confident now, has 
a little bit more money in their pocket, or are all your gains more market share driven? 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Paul, I think the customer, especially our customer, our middle income, low middle income to 
lower income customers are still under pressure; and they're concerned. They've seen lower gasoline prices, and that's 
helpful. But at the same time, it's not enough to do that lower income customer. It's just not enough to make you change 
your shopping habits. And at the same time they've seen lower gasoline prices, they've seen higher food prices, they've 
seen higher rent prices, they've seen higher healthcare costs, they've seen higher taxes. So they're still concerned. 
They're still under pressure. 

The concept of Dollar Tree and at Family Dollar of serving those people is serving as well. At Dollar Tree, we've said 
that we are right for all times. We have great products that people need every day, consumer products, things you've got 
to buy to live, things that you have to have every day, and the price is only $1, alongside things that maybe 
discretionary that you'd like to have. But everything is $1. So through good times and difficult times we've tended to do 
very well, and usually better than the market at Dollar Tree. 


At Family Dollar with that low income customer, the more we focus on what that lower income customer needs, 
offering the great value, improving our in-stock, giving the better shopping experience, exceeding their expectations 
when they go into our stores, the better served we're going to be especially during difficult times, because that lower 
income costumer really needs Family Dollar and Dollar Tree in order to make ends meet throughout the month. 

So to answer your question about, I think they're grateful that gasoline prices are lower. But not much else is in their 
world. And they've got to come a long way really to get their head back above water, many of them. 

<Q - Paul E. Trussell>: Fair enough. Thank you. Good luck. 

Robert L. Sasser 

In closing, I just like to make one comment sort of in regard to that last question. I'll close with this. But as a combined 
organization, both banners, our focus is on growing our earnings power for years to come. There's a lot of things that 
we're doing right now that are in regard to getting us positioned for the future. 

Our decisions are always with our eyes on the horizon, but managing in real-time. So what you're going to see from us 
is our decisions are going to be made for the longer term. I'm not telling you it's going to take forever to bring value. 
I'm just saying, our decisions are based on building this large entity combining two great banners for the long-term. 

But we are dedicated to managing the business in real-time. And that means every month, every day, every quarter, it 
means every expense line on the P&L, it means looking at our customer in the eye and trying to deliver the product that 
they need from us and identifying the position that we hold in the market using our size and our leverage to offer 
greatest value for that customer. 

So we're going to do both. And I'd like to tell you that my expectation is we're going to continue to improve 
quarter-over-quarter. This is the first full quarter that we've had the combined company. I think we had one month in 
the last earnings release. But it's the first full quarter that we've had, and we've shown improvement. And some slight 
improvement, mind you, but it's improvement. And I think I would tell you that I expect that to continue 
quarter-over-quarter. We'll show improvement. 

We're going to share with you all the information that we know that is pertinent to where we're going with this thing. 
We're not going to surprise anybody with it, but we're not going to give you information until we can absolutely get our 
arms around it and share with you how that looks going forward. 

So thank you for your time. And before I turn it back to Randy, I just want to say thank you for your support and hope 
everybody has a great Thanksgiving. 

Randy Guiler 

Our next quarterly earnings call is tentatively scheduled for Tuesday, March 1, 2016. Thank you, and have a good day. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This does conclude our conference. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 


information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


