Q3 2012 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Timothy J. Reid 
• Bob Sasser 
• Kevin S. Wampler 
Other Participants 

• Scot Ciccarelli 
• Matt R. Boss 
• Matt Nemer 
• Charles P. Grom 
• Meredith Adler 
• Dan Wewer 
• Stephen W. Grambling 
• Edward J. Kelly 
• Daniel T. Binder 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day and welcome to the Dollar Tree, Inc.'s Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being 
recorded. 

At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Reid, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go 
ahead, sir. 

Timothy J. Reid 

Thank you, Roxanne. Good morning and welcome to the Dollar Tree conference call for the third quarter of fiscal 
2012. Our call today will be led by Bob Sasser, our President and Chief Executive Officer, who will provide insights on 
our performance in the quarter and recent developments in our business. Kevin Wampler, our Chief Financial Officer, 
will provide a more detailed review of our third quarter financial performance and provide our guidance for the 
remainder of the year. 

Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that various remarks that we will make about future expectations, 
plans, and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for the purposes of the safe harbor 
provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 

Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various 
important factors included in our most recent press release, most recent current report on Form 8-K, quarterly report on 
Form 10-Q and Annual Report on Form 10-K, all of which are on file with the SEC. We have no obligation to update 
our forward-looking statements and you should not expect us to do so. 


One other note, as a reminder on September 28, 2012 Dollar Tree sold its ownership interest in Ollie's Holdings, which 
further will be referred to as Ollie's. The company originally acquired its Ollie's ownership interest in 2003. The sale 
had a favorable impact on third quarter earnings with an increase to net income of $0.17 per diluted share. Unless 
otherwise noted all net income and earnings data presented today will exclude the impact of the Ollie's transaction. 

At the end of our planned remarks, we will open the call to questions which we ask that you limit to one question and 
one follow-up question if necessary. 

And now I'd like to call – I'd turn the call over to Bob Sasser, our President and CEO. Bob? 

Bob Sasser 

Thanks, Tim. Good morning everyone. This morning we announced our sales and earnings for the third quarter of 
2012. Total sales increased 7.8% to $1.72 billion, driven principally by increases in traffic. Our comparable store sales 
increased 1.6% compared with a 4.8% increase last year and an 8.7% comp the previous year. 

Earnings for the third quarter were $0.68 per diluted share. This includes $0.17 from the sale of our interest in Ollie's. 
Excluding the sale of Ollie's our earnings for the third quarter were $0.51 per share. This represents an 18.6% increase 
over last year's $0.43 per share and was at the high end of our $0.47 to $0.51 range of guidance. 

Operating margin for the third quarter 2012 was 10.7%, an increase of 40 basis points over the third quarter last year. 
Net income rose 48.6% to $155.4 million versus $104.5 million last year. Excluding the income derived from the sale 
of Ollie's, net income rose 12.2% to $117.3 million. 

Year-to-date through three quarters of 2012 total sales were $5.15 billion, an increase of 9.9% and comp store sales 
increased 3.9%. Year-to-date operating income has increased by $76.5 million. Operating margin was 10.8%, an 
increase of 60 basis points compared with the same period last year. Net income rose 30.0% to $390.7 million and 
earnings per share were $1.69, an increase of 37.4% compared with $1.23 per share reported last year. 

Excluding the income derived from the sale of Ollie's, net income rose 17.4% to $352.6 million and earnings per share 
were $1.53, an increase of 24.4% compared with $1.23 per share reported last year. 

Sales increases in the third quarter came from growth in both basic and variety categories, with basic consumable 
categories growing at a slightly faster pace. Our top performing categories included housewares and home products, 
healthcare products, and food and beverages. Customers responded enthusiastically to our Halloween seasonal product 
and our sales in the third quarter met expectations. Sales were particularly strong in Halloween home décor. Seasonal 
changes were executed in a timely manner, and we're now ready for fall, Thanksgiving and the holiday season. 

In terms of the sales cadence in the third quarter, comps were positive every month and we saw sequential 
improvement from August through October. In terms of geography, performance in the third quarter was relatively 
consistent across the country with the highest comps coming from the Mid-Atlantic, Midwest and New England 
followed closely by the Southwest and the Southeast. 

Dollar Tree remains a destination for high-value consumer products, and customer traffic was up throughout the 
quarter. When customers are in our stores shopping for the basics, we give them every reason to stock up on our terrific 
assortment of high-value and high-margin variety merchandise. Even in a difficult economy, at Dollar Tree you can 
still splurge. Everything's only $1. 

Looking to the future, we're excited about our growth potential and continued relevance to the customer. Over the next 
several years, it's likely that consumers' demand for value will continue to grow and intensify. Dollar Tree is uniquely 
positioned to take advantage of this trend. Our goal is to provide more value to a broader range of customers. And we're 
doing this in many ways, by opening more stores, by opening better, more productive stores, and by developing new 
formats, new markets and new channels. 


During the third quarter this year, we opened 111 new stores and relocated and expanded another 16 stores. Through 
three quarters of 2012, we have added 298 new stores and expanded or relocated 81 stores. Selling square footage has 
increased 7.1%, and we ended the quarter with 4,630 stores. We are on track with our new store opening plan for the 
full year 2012, which includes 315 new stores. And we have surpassed our plan for 75 relocations and expansions in 
2012. We now expect to complete more than 395 total projects across the U.S. and Canada in fiscal 2012. 

I am particularly pleased by the productivity of our new stores. Sustained improvement requires a coordinated effort 
across the organization. It requires a strategy, and it requires teamwork between real estate, merchants, planning, stores 
and logistics. Our teams are concentrated on improved site selection, on right-sizing our stores, expanding our 
assortments, improving staffing and building the bench of qualified store management and on opening new stores 
earlier in the year. We believe these are the key elements to increasing our new store productivity, and we're having 
success. 

I'm very pleased to report that average new store productivity has increased in each of the past six years, and the trend 
has continued through the third quarter 2012. Efforts to increase sales per square foot are not limited to new stores, and 
elements of the strategy to increase store productivity can be seen throughout the chain. 

In all stores, we're developing more powerful seasonal presentations; stores are emphasizing more effective customer 
engagement and working to drive sales of related items through cross-merchandising and suggestive selling. We are 
expanding assortments at the front end of our stores to create more merchandise energy and to drive impulse sales and 
merchants are expanding our assortments in candy, stationery, health and beauty care, and home and household 
products, which was our fastest growing category in the third quarter. 

As part of our strategy to broaden assortments, our expansion of frozen and refrigerated product continues. We 
installed freezers and coolers in 67 additional stores in the third quarter and now offer frozen and refrigerated product 
in 2,467 stores. We remain on schedule to roll this product out to a total of approximately 325 installations for the full 
year. 

Another key component of our growth strategy is the development of new retail formats, the expansion of our 
geographic reach and the development of additional channels of distribution to serve more customers. Specifically, that 
means Deal$, Dollar Tree Canada and Dollar Tree Direct. Our Deal$ format extends our ability to serve more 
customers with more categories and increases our unit growth potential. Deal$ delivers low prices on everyday 
essentials, party goods, seasonal and home product. By lifting the restriction of the $1 price point, at Deal$ we're able 
to serve more customers with more products at value prices every day. Customers are responding favorably to the 
strategy. Customer awareness of the Deal$ brand is growing, and the concept is building momentum. Overall in the 
third quarter, as in the past several quarters, comp store sales in our Deal$ stores continued to lead the company. 

We're excited about the growth potential of Deal$ and particularly the opportunity that it provides to grow profitably in 
the higher-cost-of-operation urban markets. We ended the quarter with a total of 194 Deal$ stores. 

Our Canadian integration and expansion continues. We initially entered the Canadian market through the acquisition of 
Dollar Giant stores in November of 2010. Our goal is to be the leading retailer in Canada at the single price point of 
$1.25 just as we are in the U.S. at the $1 price point. 

Last year, our first full year, we installed retail systems, we integrated processes, merchandise assortments and store 
teams and we laid the foundation for future profitable growth in the Canadian market. Just one year ago, in the third 
quarter of 2011, we completed the installation and training of store level POS and enterprise-level merchandising 
systems. Today for the first time, we have consistent year-on-year data on which to base our sales and assortment 
planning. 

We have visibility to our on-hand, on-order and sales along with the trailing history by store and by SKU. These are all 
key factors in the management of an efficient supply chain and improving customer satisfaction. The merchandising 
teams are integrated to leverage Dollar Tree's buying power, this has been a big transition, but customers are beginning 
to find broader, more exciting assortments and better values in the stores. We expect this to gain momentum as we 
move through the holiday season and beyond. 


Our focus is on more efficient store operations, continued building of store teams and improved product flow to the 
stores. We're working very hard to increase the service level and in-stock position of basic products while improving 
the shopping experience through a more powerful seasonal presence and a higher level of merchandise energy. 

Meanwhile, we're expanding our Canadian store base. We opened 12 new stores in the third quarter, 30 stores 
year-to-date and we ended the quarter with 129 Canadian stores. We had begun the year with a plan to grow our 
Canadian store base approximately 25% under the Dollar Tree brand. We will likely exceed this plan and end the year 
with 135 stores in Canada. 

In addition, we've re-branded all of the former Dollar Giant stores in Ontario to Dollar Tree Canada this year and we 
will do the same for stores in the Western Provinces in 2013. As we grow and improve, we believe the Canadian 
market can support up to 1,000 Dollar Tree stores. This is an addition to the 7,000 store potential for Dollar Tree in the 
United States, plus additional growth in our Deal$ format. 

I'm extremely excited about the opportunity for Dollar Tree in Canada and proud of what has been accomplished in a 
short period of time. Our current commitment to build infrastructure, develop store teams and improve the consistency 
of our offering across the chain will be worth the efforts. 

Dollar Tree Direct, our e-commerce business continues to grow. This additional channel of distribution provides an 
opportunity to broaden our customer base, drive incremental sales, expand the brand and attract more customers into 
the stores. Traffic exceeded 4.5 million unique visitors in the third quarter, that's a 19% increase over the third quarter 
last year. Additionally, over 28 million e-mails were sent to individual consumers, businesses and organizations. We 
are expanding the available market to more consumers in several ways. First, Dollar Tree Direct now has over 2,600 
items available online including 825 items for sale via our website that can be purchased in less than case quantities, an 
increase of over 65% versus the same time last year. 

Additionally, we continue to work to enhance the customers' experience on their mobile devices, improving the ease of 
navigation and speed on our mobile e-commerce site. Over 1.5 million people chose to interact with Dollar Tree via 
their mobile devices during the third quarter. Through these initiatives Dollar Tree Direct is gaining customers every 
quarter and I'm pleased with their progress. 

Investments in new stores, more productive stores, additional formats and expanded geography all increased our ability 
to grow our business, expand our concept and serve more customers in more ways. In order to achieve consistent and 
profitable growth, our practice has been to add infrastructure and distribution capacity to support our growth ahead of 
the need. In that regard, construction is proceeding according to schedule on our new distribution center in Windsor, 
Connecticut, DC 10 will be 1 million square feet. It will be automated and highly efficient providing capacity and 
cost-effective service to our stores as we continue to expand in the Northeast. We are on schedule for a third quarter 
2013 completion. 

Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Kevin who will give you more detail on our financial metrics and provide 
guidance. 

Kevin S. Wampler 

Thanks, Bob. As Bob mentioned, excluding the non-operating income from the Ollie's transaction, our diluted earnings 
per share increased 18.6% in the third quarter to $0.51. The increase resulted from our sales growth and expense 
control which resulted in a 40 basis point improvement in operating profit margin compared to the third quarter last 
year. 

Our gross profit margin was 34.9% during the third quarter compared with the 35.1% reported in the third quarter last 
year. Several factors contributed to this performance. Freight costs increased driven by higher trucking rate and diesel 
fuel prices that averaged $0.23 per gallon above the same period last year. Our product mix continued to shift in the 
third quarter as basic consumable products increased by 32 basis points as a percentage of sales. 


In addition, markdown expense increased slightly as a percentage of sales relative to the third quarter last year. These 
factors were partially offset by higher initial markup across many categories. Occupancy and distribution expenses 
were flat as a percentage of sales reflecting the 1.6% comp store sales growth and the addition of 295 new stores 
compared with the same period last year. 

SG&A expenses were 24.2% of sales for the quarter, which is a 60 basis point improvement from the third quarter last 
year. Operating expenses declined by about 45 basis points, this was driven by a realized gain of $3.8 million relating 
to the favorable resolution to a legal matter and reductions in legal fees, advertising expense, repairs and maintenance, 
utilities, and debit and credit card fees as a percentage of sales. 

Payroll related expenses declined by approximately 15 basis points due to lower incentive compensation expense 
compared with last year. We expect that credit card penetration will grow in the fourth quarter. We have just completed 
the rollout of MasterCard acceptance to an additional 3,500 stores. We now accept Visa and MasterCard in all of our 
stores chain-wide and we also accept American Express and Discover in all of our stores in the United States. 

Operating income increased $19.3 million compared with the third quarter last year. Our operating margin for the 
quarter was 10.7%, a 40 basis point improvement compared to the third quarter last year. Year-to-date through the third 
quarter operating margin is 10.8%, an increase of 50 basis points from the same period last year. 

The tax rate for the quarter was basically unchanged at 36.3% compared with the third quarter last year at 36.4%. The 
tax rate was lower than the tax rate anticipated in our guidance for the quarter, due to favorable provision to return 
reconciliation adjustments and the lower tax rate on the Ollie's gain. 

Cash and investments at the quarter end totaled $222.4 million versus $280.2 million at the end of the third quarter 
2011. During the third quarter, we invested $149.8 million for share repurchase and repurchased 3.3 million shares. 
During the first three quarters, we invested $235.3 million for share repurchase and repurchased 5 million shares on the 
open market. At quarter end, we had $965 million remaining in our share repurchase authorization. The diluted 
weighted average shares outstanding for the third quarter was 230.0 million. 

Over the past four quarters, we have invested $535.3 million for share repurchase. We will update you on additional 
share repurchases if any at the end of the quarter in which they may occur. 

Our consolidated inventory at quarter end was 12.7% greater than it was at the same time last year. Selling square 
footage increased 7.1%. Consolidated inventory per selling square foot increased by 5.2%. The increase reflects a 
higher amount of inventory in our distribution centers at the end of the third quarter and an increase in goods on the 
water. This is to support planned holiday and post-Christmas sales and new store openings and it is consistent with our 
strategy just to move the flow of inventory through our logistics network. 

Inventory turns increased in 2012 through three quarters and we expect this trend to continue for the full year as it has 
for the past seven years. Capital expenditures were $96.6 million in the third quarter of 2012 versus $75.5 million in the 
third quarter last year. 

For the full year we are planning consolidated capital expenditures to be in the range of $320 million to $330 million. 
Capital expenditures are focused on new stores and remodels, the addition of frozen or refrigerated capability to 
approximately 325 stores, IT system enhancements and approximately $70 million towards our new distribution center 
in Windsor, Connecticut. The total capital investment anticipated for this facility is approximately $100 million. 

Depreciation and amortization was $43.6 million for the third quarter versus $41.1 million in the third quarter last year. 
For the full year we expect depreciation expense of $170 million to $173 million. 

Our guidance for the fourth quarter of 2012 includes several assumptions. First, Halloween shifted two days deeper into 
the fourth quarter this year from the first Monday of the quarter last year to the first Wednesday this year. We believe 
that this did in fact shift approximately $5 million of sales from the third quarter into the fourth quarter compared to 
last year. 


Second, we've been asked about the impact of Hurricane Sandy on our fourth quarter, we are grateful to report that it 
appears the storm will not have a material impact on our fourth quarter results. Also as previously disclosed due to the 
retail calendar 2012 will include 53 weeks and the fourth quarter will consist of 14 weeks. This is expected to add $120 
million to $130 million of incremental sales and $0.07 to $0.08 earnings per share for the fourth quarter and the full 
year. 

Our guidance also assumes a tax rate of 38.1% for the fourth quarter and 37.2% for the full year. Weighted average 
diluted share counts are assumed to be 228.6 million shares for the fourth quarter and 231 million shares for the full 
year. As always, our guidance assumes no additional share repurchase. 

With this in mind for the fourth quarter of 2012 we are forecasting sales in the range of $2.2 billion to $2.26 billion, 
based on a flat to a low single-digit comparable store sales increase and 7.2% square footage growth. Diluted earnings 
per share are expected to be in the range of $0.97 to $1.02, an increase of 21.3% to 27.5%. This fourth quarter guidance 
includes the impact of the extra week. 

For the full fiscal year of 2012 we are now forecasting sales in the range of $7.35 billion to $7.41 billion based on a 
low-to-mid single-digit increase in comparable store sales and 7.2% square footage growth. Diluted earnings per share 
are expected to be in the range of $2.65 to $2.70, representing an increase of 31.8% to 34.3% over our record earnings 
per share of $2.01 in fiscal 2011, and this includes the impact of the 53rd week. 

The full year guidance also includes $0.16 earnings per share from the Ollie's sale in the third quarter. Excluding the 
impact of the Ollie's transaction, we would expect full year earnings per share to be in the range of $2.49 to $2.54, 
representing an increase of 23.9% to 26.4% over last year. 

With that, I will turn the call back over to Bob. 

Bob Sasser 

Thank you, Kevin. In the face of a very challenging and uncertain environment, Dollar Tree's traffic grew, our reach is 
expanding and we continue to deliver record profitability. Operating margin increased by 40 basis points to 10.7%, and 
I would like to point out that's the highest third quarter operating margin in the history of our company. Earnings per 
share increased by 18.6%, on top of a 19.2% increase last year. Our inventory is balanced and more productive than 
ever. Our turns increased again through the first three quarters of the year and we entered the fourth quarter well 
prepared for new store growth and customer demand. 

Through the third quarter this year, we've opened 298 new stores across the U.S. and Canada and the productivity of 
the new store class has been performing ahead of last year. In addition, the company invested $235 million for share 
repurchase, buying back 5 million shares over the first three quarters, including 3.3 million shares for $150 million in 
the third quarter alone. 

I believe that Dollar Tree is singularly positioned to do even better in the future. The customers are focused on our 
stores and our products. They are strategically located to serve Middle America. They are bright, they are convenient 
and they are fun to shop. Our balanced mix of high value consumer basics and our unique assortment of fun, 
compelling seasonally correct discretionary products positions us to be relevant to customers in all economic 
circumstances. 

Dollar Tree has a solid and scalable infrastructure that we're expanding and leveraging for better inventory 
management, increasingly efficient supply chain logistics, more productive stores and crisper execution overall. The 
Deal$ brand is gaining traction. Both traffic and average ticket are growing. Dollar Tree Direct continues to broaden its 
reach, and we are building and expanding our Canadian business. 

We have plenty of opportunities to grow our business, a vision of where we want to go and the infrastructure and 
capital to make it happen, while generating substantial free cash which we use for the long term benefit of shareholders. 
We're having a great year, we have transitioned quickly from Halloween and our stores are now set with our best 


merchandise value ever for Thanksgiving and the Christmas holiday season. 

We are now ready for your questions. So, that we can accommodate as many callers as time permits we ask that you 
limit your questions to two. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Partners, we will take your question first. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: Hey guys, Scot Ciccarelli. I guess with a little bit more benefit of hindsight, can you help us 
better understand the causes of, let's call it, the slower comp growth that we saw, I guess, towards the end of the second 
quarter and certainly into the third? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Yeah, good morning, Scot. Sure, the Q3 has some sales pressures. It was a solid quarter. We're 
pleased that our sales were up 7.8%. Our comp sales grew 1.6% and that was as the result of – driven by traffic. Our 
sales were within our range of guidance and it was an extremely profitable quarter. Our operating margin was the 
highest ever in Q3 at 10.7%. So it was really a strong quarter. Net income up 12.2%, EPS up 18.6% and again earnings 
at the high end of our guidance. So as I sit here talk about pressures on our business, I am struck a little bit by the 
exceptional profitability of our quarter. 

The pressure on sales were basically, I think you put them in three buckets. It was, number one, consumer anxiety from 
just the continuation of a difficult macro environment, with stubbornly high unemployment and continuing high gas 
prices and they keep rising, and continued concerns about the economic and the fiscal cliff and all of this was 
magnified everyday as we went through the election, and that created anxiety and uncertainty in the consumer. That 
was one. 

Secondly, we had a calendar shift of Halloween from Monday to Wednesday, which moved two more Halloween 
selling days into fourth quarter, that was about a $5 million headwind and we saw that. And the third reason is the 
difficult comparisons. If you look at what we are up against we are against a two-year stack comp of 13.5%. As a 
comparison, in Q2 this year, we were against the two-year stack of 11.4%, and if you look back at the three-year stack 
and the four-year stack, you will find pretty much the same spread. So, it was a pretty difficult comparison this year in 
third quarter and especially difficult comparison in our consumable business, which grew as a percentage of total by 
170 basis points last year and we were up against that this year. This year consumables grew 32 basis points on top of 
that. 

We had a good quarter as I said. We are pleased with the profitability. We are now focused on fourth quarter. Our 
stores are well prepared for the holiday sales. We are in stock, we are in business with the best values ever and we are 
looking forward to a good fourth quarter. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: I guess my confusion stems from the fact that gas prices seem to ease a little bit as the quarter 
went on and obviously the election wasn't towards – wasn't until the end of the quarter like – or really after the quarter. 
So I guess I'm a little confused why sales growth improved during the quarter if these were the main reasons for the 
softness? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Well, those were all subjective. We all saw the same thing. Gasoline prices overall rose throughout 
the quarter and I believe continue to rise, they are higher than they were this time last year at any rate. We do well with 

– in difficult times. My point is all the anxiety played out on TV, 24/7 with the election about the fiscal cliff, about the 
unemployment and about all the economic concerns, I believe put pressure on sales in the third quarter. Secondly we 
had the calendar shift, and lastly, we were up against really tough comparisons in third quarter, especially when you 
looked at our consumable business last year growing 170 basis points. It's grown 200 basis points in two years, 170 
basis points of them were last year's. Difficult comparison. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Matt Boss with JPMorgan. 

<Q - Matt R. Boss>: Good morning. So parsing through the flat-to-up low-single digit 4Q guidance and hurricane not 
really having a material impact, what are you seeing in regions that were not impacted by the storm, any improvement 
post the election as you talked about fiscal cliff worries, just kind of trying to parse through ex the storm, what you've 
seen so far? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Well, Matt, obviously, we don't give – we give guidance, but we don't then comment on the 
forward quarter basically beyond that. Obviously I don't know that any of the macro environment has changed 
significantly since that point in time. Some of those things – unemployment, high gas prices and uncertainty around the 
fiscal cliff – are still there. So I think – I don't know that the environment has changed a whole lot. Obviously, we feel 
like we are ready for a good fourth quarter. We are – our stores, our teams are well prepared. We have the inventory 
that we think is well suited and right on the spot for the consumer. So our expectations are to go through the quarter, 
and we believe it could be relatively good. Although we are going against a very tough compare from a year ago, when 
we were up 7.3% on a comp basis with pretty much perfect weather. So we all know that going into it, though. 

<Q - Matt R. Boss>: Okay, great. And then on the gross margin line, can you just walk further through some of the 
puts and takes? Any changes on the discretionary front, and how did discretionary fare in the quarter and anything 
you're seeing from a competitive standpoint of note? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: From a – really if you look at the discretionary versus consumables, both pieces of business 
were – comped positive for the quarter. So I think that's very, very positive. So they both continue to comp positive, 
which has been the case for many quarters in a row now. I think that as we go forward, we would expect that to 
continue. We're well positioned. We think that as we go forward that maybe there will, maybe – we've seen a 
slowdown I guess in a sense as far as the delta between – of growth in consumables. If you look at the quarters this 
year, Q1, I think we're up about 110 bps in consumables, Q2 is 40, and then Q3, 30. So we've seen that moderate a little 
bit. But overall, we feel good about where we've positioned ourselves. 

We are a variety store first and foremost, and that's what our heritage is and that's what we want to be known as, and 
that is very important to us. So as we continue to go forward, we think that's good. Gross profit otherwise as we look at 

– talk maybe to some of the pressures from Q3, obviously there was some freight pressure there, and we really – as 
we've talked in the prepared comments about trucking rates and the fact that if you look at the industry in general since 
the economic downturn, there have been many trucking businesses go out, less competition obviously. If you keep up 
in that industry, there's a nationwide shortage of truck drivers out there. So there is definitely some pressure there. 
Fuel, 23 basis points – or $0.23 up, I mean, for the quarter. The metric there, as we've always said, if fuel – diesel fuel 
is $1 higher for the full year, it'd be about $0.05 hit to us. So you can kind of back into what that means to us. So I don't 
know that – I expect there still to be some pressure as we go forward into Q4 in that area. I don't – we've really seen it 
all year and I think we'll continue to see a little bit of it as we go through the fourth quarter as well. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Matt Nemer with Wells Fargo Securities. 

<Q - Matt Nemer>: Good morning. Two quick questions. One, now that we're past the election, and I know that there 
was some noise or some pressure in the swing states. Have you seen comps improve faster in those states where you 
had that noise? And then secondly, given the moderation in consumables growth, are you still seeing the same 
productivity lift when you add freezers and coolers to stores as you've historically seen? Thank you. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Matt, we don't break it out by state or even by period our comp sales. We put that in our guidance, 
as Kevin described how he thought about the guidance going forward. Anecdotally, I will tell you that I think it's a 
good thing to get past the election, and anything we can do to have a little more certainty in everybody's life is a good 


thing. There is lot of concern out there still, and I think we're still in a period of a little bit of uncertainty in consumer. 

Having said that, we're prepared, we have all the things that we need. We have done a – our people have done a terrific 
job transitioning from third quarter and into fourth quarter, preparing for the holiday. We got the best assortments ever 
out there. And when things are tight, we're still the place to shop. At Dollar Tree, everything is $1. We have things you 
need, things you want and we think we are going to get our fair share of the customer. 

I am particularly pleased with our merchandise assortment this year. It's a lot – a lot of it's new and a lot of it's changed. 
It's not the same old and our customers I think are going to be responding in great numbers to our stores and to our 
merchandise assortment for this fourth quarter. So, we are excited about it. So, as we talk about all the headwinds, they 
are there. We always plan to get our piece of the business and I think we will do so again this year in the fourth quarter. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: In regards to your question as far as freezers and the lift, as we add freezers and coolers to 
stores, we are continuing to see a – as we have said historically a 5% to 10% lift across the store. So, it's not just 
consumables that see the lift. It is discretionary and consumables across the board. So, we are continuing to see that. 
We are now over 2,400 stores with freezers and coolers and we continue to roll out as we said this year 325 stores and 
we continue to look to grow that program going forward. We do believe obviously that it's faster turning, little bit lower 
margin, but it does drive footsteps into our stores and we like the traffic it generates. 

Operator 

We will go next to Charles Grom with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Charles P. Grom>: Thanks, good morning. Just to kind of keep on this topic about the sales. If you look at the 
second quarter, you guys were up 4.5% and that's my understanding from the Analyst Day that your business in the 
beginning of August really slowed sequentially and last I checked the economy or gas prices or the fiscal cliff really 
didn't kind of play into kind of the equation then, so I'm just wondering if you guys have dug a little bit deeper as to just 
try to understand why your business did slow in the quarter, just because you guys have been so consistent for multiple 
years here, it just seems very odd that your business would slow that much, that quickly? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Well, Chuck, I think you just got to take a look at – and the macro environment really hasn't 
improved. So, it's stubborn, it continues and there is uncertainty and doubt out there. Prove it; I can't prove it for you. I 
can just tell you what I see and what we hear and what we listen to our customers and what they say. Now as you look 
at the third quarter, it was a terrific quarter last year. We're up against a big two-year comparison third quarter. It was 
the largest two-year stack that we – when you look at the difference in the two-year stack between second and third 
quarter, it's about 200 basis point difference. 

So there's a big difference in the last year's performance that we were up against in third quarter and a lot of that was 
consumer products. We again grew our consumer goods 170 basis points in third quarter last year. This year, we grew 
it again but it's 32 basis points on top of the 170 basis points. So, those were the facts that did start off – every month 
was positive. Every month grew. August – September improved over August, October over September. So, we grew 
through the quarter. All-in-all, it was a 1.6% comp at the end of the day. So, the three pressures that I listed are the 
three that we can identify and those are the things that we see. And again, I'll just point a 1.6% comp delivered a lot of 
leverage still on fixed cost and it was an extremely profitable quarter for us. 

<Q - Charles P. Grom>: All right. Okay, and then just for Kevin, just on the fourth quarter guidance, $0.97 to $1.02, 
say $1.00 at the midpoint, looks like it implies about 70 basis points of operating margin expansion, I guess one, is my 
math right, and two, can you kind of walk through the complexion of that, how much do you expect to get from gross 
margins versus SG&A? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Yeah, I mean I think your math is relatively correct. Obviously, you got to remember we do 
have that the extra week in the fourth quarter, so we've got $120 million to $130 million of sales where no additional 
fixed cost per se. Obviously, there are some variable costs to go with that, so that affects it. And generally with the 
theme of the year, I think what you would see is again the majority of the gains coming from SG&A, potentially gross 


profit being flat to maybe a little bit of upside, but I think that's – we continue to see the metrics kind of move in the 
same direction. 

Operator 

Just a reminder, due to the number of questioners, please limit yourself to one question and one follow up. We will go 
next to Meredith Adler with Barclays. 

<Q - Meredith Adler>: Thanks very much. I'm going to sort of beat a dead horse to talk about fourth quarter sales. 
When I look at it, I looked at a three-year stack or three-year average because last year was strong in part because of 
weather but also because the prior year had been certainly well below trend. And I'm – so I'm kind of a little bit 
surprised if I added say 1% on a three-year basis would be a really significant deceleration. I guess the question that 
hasn't been asked is about competition, or I think it was asked and didn't quite get an answer, do you believe that 
Walmart, which has certainly been growing sales better than previously, do you think that's having an impact on your 
business? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Well, Meredith, I didn't hopefully when it comes to answering the question about competition best I 
can, we stay so focused on what we do, we look at the competition, I can't tell you that I can relate one or the other of 
the competitors to a reason that we've backed or anything into our guidance going forward – anything different into our 
guidance going forward, because we're so different than the other guys. Comparing Dollar Tree to a Walmart is really 
not a good comparison as we do what we do, everything is $1, we're small stores, we create terrific value for customers 
on things that they need every day and we've been growing that business for several years, as well as the discretionary 
business, it's a place to go to find fun, and exciting and new and seasonal and trend and everything is $1 and it's a fun 
shopping experience. 

So, it's just really a lot different model than Walmart, it's a lot different than the other guys with dollar in their name. 
I'm sure they're all doing really well, but I can't tell you that, that I see anything that they're doing that is having an 
effect on us adversely. We actually like being near most of them, because of the traffic they bring into the shopping 
centers. But we're just different, and we're staying focused on what we're doing. 

<Q - Meredith Adler>: Great. And then I have another question sort of unrelated, you did mention that I believe if I 
got it right, that incentive comp was a bit of a help to expenses this quarter. And I'm just wondering, since your 
guidance has gone down for 4Q comp, does that mean that whatever the field people need to produce, has their 
expectation has gone down, and so that if you hit a 1%, then incentive comp would be there in the fourth quarter? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Guidance obviously assumes the sales that we're expecting and within that is built the 
model of how we build up the incentive comp. So, I don't think – obviously if we significantly outperform the guidance 
would the sales – would the sales bonus potentially go up, yes, but it goes up in concert, I mean that's the way it's built 
such that it's pay for performance realistically, is the way we've always looked at it. So, I don't think it's going to 
significantly shift the fourth quarter one way or the other. It's really built in accordingly. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: And Meredith, incentives are still the same. And if they exceed their goals, then they'll get paid 
more, but we like that. If our stores exceed their goals, we all exceed our goals, so it all goes up in concert. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Dan Wewer with Raymond James. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: Hey. Good morning Bob. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Good morning. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: So, remember back in, way back in 1999 and 2000, Macon Brock used to say, don't invest in 
Dollar Tree if you want strong same-store sales. The small stores, highly efficient, that kind of a capacity, obviously 


there's no price inflation benefits with the $1 format. And then over the seven years following, the company rebuilt 
itself into a chain of larger stores. Since 2007, the company has been achieving the strongest same-store sales growth in 
its history, so a lot different scenario than what Macon talked about, but today we're getting sales productivity not quite 
back to where it was in 2000, measured per square foot, but quite a bit closer. Do you think that we're at the tipping 
point where those days of 5%, 6% same-store sales gains just mathematically aren't possible given the big ramp that 
you achieved in the last four years, and maybe business can be better than 0% to 2% that we should be thinking more, 
maybe in that lower single-digit rate going forward? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: You know Dan, going back to 1999, I remember I was there too and we did have small stores, 
4,000 square feet to 6,000 square feet, and they pretty much opened up at what they were going to do and comps were 
stubborn. As we expanded the size of our stores, one thing that I used to like to talk about and still do is we expanded 
our open-to-sell, which served the customer better, gave us the ability to serve – offer more products and more 
categories and serve more customers and a more broad appeal, and we've had that. 

I think your point about since 2007 through 2012, some of our highest comps is valid and I think what you are looking 
at is short term versus long term. I still believe what I told you back in 1999 about the larger store and where we could 
go and the opportunity to serve more customers and better serve our customers and increase our same-store sales and 
our productivity. I still believe in that, but we are going to go through swings from time to time, from year to year, from 
quarter to quarter. And frankly short term, you are going to have a quarter that's up against a really big quarter or really 
big two or in this case five quarters and the comparison is going to get a little difficult and what about if you get a little 
bad weather and by the way what about if you get a little sentiment running the wrong way. I don't see that as long term 
though. 

So, yes we can still comp at higher rates and we intend to comp at higher rates. I am really pleased with the 1.6%. I 
know that sounds funny maybe to – when I say that because I am always looking for more, but in this quarter a 1.6% 
comp, and the way we convert it and leveraged that and converted that to operating margin. The highest operating 
margin ever in the third quarter from a company that has high operating margins, I think, is – and I'm pretty proud of 
what our folks have done with that. Can we do better? Absolutely, we can do a lot of things to continue to engage our 
customers, we can sell more, we can increase our productivity in all our stores. It's going in the right direction, you hear 
me praising that. 

Directionally, we're going in the right way. We're not at the top. We're not where we're going to be. There are still 
things that we can do to drive productivity and our teams are working and focused, and so look a little bit longer than 
one quarter, and I still believe in the concept, I believe that we're more relevant today than we've ever been to our 
customer. Back in 1999, we didn't have much that you needed. It was everything that you wanted for the most part, 
small stores. Now, with our mix when times are tough, we got things to sell in tough times and you can see the growth 
in our consumer products from that. When times aren't so tough, we have discretionary products. 

I talk about like in our customers having jingle in their pockets, because I really want to sell the full mix, and that's 
what we strive to do at Dollar Tree. It's not just one or the other, it's selling the mix, and it's selling the shopping 
experience. And I still believe that when everything is $1 in a store, that makes us different, and our customers love it 
and they react to it, and they're going to go into for many years. So... 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: And just... 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Go ahead. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: I just wanted to follow up also on Meredith's question about competition and expand the 
competitive set to include Family Dollar and Dollar General. It does appear that Dollar Tree's momentum in 
consumables began to slow about the same time that Family Dollar began to make a bigger investment in consumable 
products whether it's the Pepsi product or the McLane product and also it appears that maybe the business began to 
decelerate after Coke started downsizing the Coke bottles at Dollar Tree from 20 ounces down to 14 ounces. I know 
that there is a lot of leakage in that part of the business based on pricing and value. Maybe you can talk about those two 
issues? 


<A - Bob Sasser>: Well, I know it may sound like that from afar and look like that, but the facts are just – they just 
don't support it. As we look at our stores that are in the competitors' areas, we see no difference. We see nothing from 
what they're doing that is affecting our stores on a store-by-store or market-by-market basis. Like I said, they're good 
retailers. I have great respect for all of them, but we're different. It's just not – we're not the same. We are not a 
Coke/Pepsi predominantly driven name brand, predominantly driven assortment, and when we do have name brands, 
we're usually a little different, and I think our value on our front end, we only sell the Coke products at the front end for 
the most part, from time to time we will have it somewhere else, but it's always impulse. It's always out of the cooler, 
mostly out of the cooler. If you need one to drink, you pull it out, it's a great value for a buck. By the way, you can buy 
the Pepsi and it's a bigger bottle than the Coke product for a buck, that's a position that Coke has chosen to take, and so 
we are just like everybody else. We're out there, whatever size they're willing to sell for that price. 

So I can't tell you that – I will tell you that there is no data that supports the fact that the competition is taking away our 
consumer products business. It is more us. It is more – we started and went from zero to whatever we have now in the 
last several years. And now we're starting to year-over-year run up against those big, big numbers. And we can 
continue to grow, but we intend to grow the whole mix, not just one side or the other. And as you go into our stores, 
hopefully, this Christmas you'll go into our stores, take a look, and when you walk in what you're going to see is 
Christmas, and you're going to see fun and you're going to see toys, and you're going to see all the things to decorate 
your house and wrap your boxes and give your presents, and stocking stuffers and all of those kinds of things, because 
that is what we think adds excitement, merchandise energy, ever-changing mix of product to our – what makes us 
different than the rest of the folks in our sector. 

So that's the facts. We're in control of our destiny, we are going to have times where the comps are more and times 
when the comps are less and year over year over year there are going to be times when you have a little different set of 
circumstances after five years of progressively increasing comps. 

Look at the long term, though, and I don't mean long term next century, I'm talking about just look at the long-term 
future of our company. We're the best positioned, we've got the most growth, we've got the most tools to grow, we have 
Dollar Tree, we have Deal$, we have Dollar Tree Canada, we have Dollar Tree Direct, we have the infrastructure to 
support that growth, we know how to run it. And I'm really pleased about where we are. It's like playing golf, I tell 
folks if I can take my drive, instead of driving, if I could place my ball out in the fairway where I want it, this is where I 
want to place it. We're exactly where we need to be in regard to relevance to our customer, and that's the answer. 

Operator 

We have time for just a few more questions. We'll go next to Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Hey, Stephen. 

<Q - Stephen W. Grambling>: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just to follow up on some of these 
other questions surrounding the guidance. Just to be clear, you've had an acceleration in each month in the quarter. So 
are you running currently at the high end of the range, and if so, is it really just the conservatism associated with the 
tougher comparison that's driving the flat to low-single digit? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Stephen, again, we don't give any information out about the forward quarter. Obviously 
everything we know today is baked into our guidance as we've given it to you, and that's really where we're at. I don't 
know that it – I don't know that we believe that there's conservatism. Our guidance, we try to put it together with the 
best facts that we have in front of us at that point in time, and we try to be as realistic as possible and put the best 
numbers forward that we can. So that's kind of how we look at it, and that's really all we can speak to at this point. 

<Q - Stephen W. Grambling>: Great. And then the follow-up to that would just be the leverage point seems to have 
come down with the comp, and it was definitely a surprise to the upside. If the comp was to reaccelerate, how does that 
change the dynamic of the leverage point, and what would actually flow through and what would you think about 
maybe reinvesting in the business? 


<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Well, I think obviously the better the comp, the more leverage we've traditionally seen. I 
mean, there's no doubt about that. We continue to work very hard in every aspect of our business to become more 
efficient, to find ways to improve processes, buy things better from a non-merchandise point of view. All those things 
we work hard on every day and obviously we believe there's always continued room to improve there. 

I think as we think about investing in our business, obviously the best thing to invest in is another Dollar Tree store. As 
we've said for a long time, the return on another Dollar Tree store is the best thing we can do. And we look to continue 
to grow our business. We're investing in our infrastructure with our new distribution center, a $100 million project, so 
not a small project, and we'll continue to look at those type of things. 

We continued to be a buyer of our stock in Q3 with $149 million of stock repurchased in Q3. So those are the ways we 
look at continuing to invest in our business and, as we continue to create strong quality earnings, that's what we'll look 
to do. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Edward Kelly with Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Edward J. Kelly>: Yeah, hi. Good morning. 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Good morning. 

<Q - Edward J. Kelly>: My question is on relocations. Can you talk about the performance of your relocations more 
recently versus the last few years? Are you moving, starting to move further down the opportunity curve there, and 
what does the quality of the pipeline look like over the next few years? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: We're very strategic in our relocations now. We rarely close a store, Ed. We're always looking 
though – we do usually five-year leases with three five-year terms, something like that, sometimes longer if we know 
the market a little better. But the idea being that as the market changes we can move with the markets. Back in the 
earlier days as we were transitioning from the small store to the large store, a relocation was strategic for the market, 
but it was also an increase, usually, of the store size. 

Today our relocations are typically to stores, strictly for strategic reasons maybe the anchor in the center moved, maybe 
the population has changed, maybe we just ran out of term and we need to move, maybe the landlord is not going to 
scrape the center or something like that. But the size of the store we're moving from is about the same as the size of the 
stores that we're building. So there is not much of a difference, and that is strictly a relocation based on strategy, based 
on where we want to be in the market, how many stores. And we talk about planning the market, it's not just one store, 
it's the entire market that we're looking at. 

So in trying to answer your question, I would say that the pipeline – we start looking at opportunities to relocate several 
years before the lease term expires, and we're always out there looking at the market and moving things around to be 
optimal. I would say that most of the time we relocate strategically. We're finding the space to move to. We're finding 
the right kinds of product. And again we have the ability to take what's there as is and turn it into a nice Dollar Tree 
store. Sometimes we can work with a developer, sometimes – not as much since 2008, but a little more now than it has 
been to build the right Dollar Tree store for us. So the relocations are generally there, and the idea of planning out the 
market and moving them around is typically the reason that we do it now, not to get to a bigger store as much. 

<Q - Edward J. Kelly>: I guess the question I'm trying to ask is has the sales lift from relocations changed at all over 
let's call it the last two, three, four quarters, and would you expect the sales lift over the next couple of years to be 
similar to what it's been? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: Sales lift's about the same as it was last year from a relo, and again we're relo-ing same-sized stores, 
typically a 10,000 square foot store to a 10,000 square foot store. So there's not a benefit from more square footage, as 
it was in the early days moving from a 5,000 to a 10,000, but we're still last year this year seeing pretty much the same 
sales lift. 


Operator 

We'll now take our last question from Dan Binder with Jefferies & Company. 

<Q - Daniel T. Binder>: Hi. Good morning. I had a couple of questions. First in your comments about the sequential 
improvement from August to October, I was just curious if you could drill down a little bit what was the comp gap 
across sort of like the worst and best performing month of the quarter? And then also as you've seen the comps slow a 
little bit here, do you think that you're inclined to do more types of promotion like 2-for-1 kind of thing to try and get 
the business reaccelerating a little bit? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: I can't tell you the comp gap for month-to-month. We just don't report that, but it's really more 
about August last year was a bigger quarter than – bigger period than September was last year. So, we were up against 
a bigger number in August. As we went through the quarter, we comped positive every period and it rose throughout 
the quarter, but it was more in relation to what we did last year by period than it was to anything else to get to the 1.6%. 
And no, we're not going to do 2-for-1s, it – everything is $1 at Dollar Tree and we put the most value in it we can put 
for $1 and it's worth more than $1. So, it's not the value of our product that – as we see these things and we're not 
planning any dramatic promotions and I will point to one more time that we had the highest operating margin in the 
third quarter we've ever had in the third quarter. So, our goal is to make money. Our goal is to drive sales, drive 
productivity, leverage fixed cost, leverage our infrastructure and make money for our shareholders, and we're going to 
do that the best way. 

Sales is not something that we do. We don't do – clearance is the only thing we do. After Christmas we will sell some 
things 2 for $1, but – Christmas items, but, no, we don't plan any price promotions. We're already a price promotion, 
the whole store at 10,000 square feet is $1. 

<Q - Daniel T. Binder>: Okay. My other question was regarding store growth versus comp levels. I guess when you're 
comping solid mid-single 7% type square footage growth, it makes a lot of sense. One data point isn't a trend obviously 
but if we look out over the next call it two, three quarters and your more low-single digit comp versus mid-single, do 
you think you need to rethink square footage growth and how that plays into the model? 

<A - Bob Sasser>: No, I don't think so. Our best use of $1 invested is to build a new Dollar Tree store and the returns 
are terrific and our goal is to keep making them even better, more productive and we're having success in that. The new 
stores are opening up at a higher – historically higher rates, productivity, sales per square foot are up and we think we 
can drive that higher. So our returns should be going up and we're happy with continuing to grow and open more stores. 

The number of stores that we're opening are the number of stores that we think we can open profitably with the 
infrastructure that we've built, with the people and the store teams that we have and that we can develop profitably. So 
we're subject – we have plenty of room for growth. We can run we think 7,000 Dollar Tree stores. We got a lot of room 
to go towards getting that number and our goal is to continue growing pretty much at this rate. We haven't announced 
what next year's rate is but I'm still bullish on Dollar Tree. So we still have the same idea. We're going to grow what we 
think we can do based on our ability to do it profitably, not get ahead of ourselves. 

Operator 

That concludes today's question and answer session. Mr. Reid, I'll turn the conference back to you for any additional or 
closing remarks. 

Timothy J. Reid 

Thank you, Roxanne, and thank you all for your participation on the call this morning and for your interest in the 
company and most of all thanks for your investment in Dollar Tree. Our next sales and earnings release and conference 


call are scheduled for Wednesday, February 27, 2013. In the meantime have a great and happy Thanksgiving and a 
joyous holiday season. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you for your participation. That does conclude today's conference. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2012, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


