Q1 2015 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Timothy J. Reid, Vice President, Investor Relations 
• Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 
• Kevin S. Wampler, Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Scott Ciccarelli, Analyst 
• Matthew Boss, Analyst 
• Joan Storms, Analyst 
• Paul Trussell, Analyst 
• Charles Grom, Analyst 
• Anthony Chukumba, Analyst 
• Daniel Binder, Analyst 
• Patrick McKeever, Analyst 
• Dan Wewer, Analyst 
Presentation 

Operator 

Good day. And welcome to the Dollar Tree, Incorporated First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference 
is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Vice President, Investor Relations, Mr. Tim Reid. 
Please go ahead. 

Timothy J. Reid, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Good morning, and Thank you, Liven. And welcome to the Dollar Tree Conference Call for the First Quarter of Fiscal 
2014. My name is Tim Reid, I'm Vice President of Investor Relations for Dollar Tree. Our call today will be led by Bob 
Sasser, our Chief Executive Officer, who will provide insights on our performance in the quarter and recent 
developments in our business. Kevin Wampler, our Chief Financial Officer, will provide a more detailed review of our 
first quarter financial performance and provide our guidance for the remainder of 2014. 

Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that various remarks that we will make about future expectations, 
plans and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for the purposes of the Safe Harbor 
provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 

Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various 
important factors included in our most recent press release, most recent current report on Form 8-K, quarterly report on 
Form 10-Q and annual report on Form 10-K, all of which are on file with the SEC. We have no obligation to update our 
forward-looking statements, and you should not expect us to do so. 

At the end of our planned remarks, we will open the call to your questions. (Operator Instructions). 

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bob Sasser, CEO of Dollar Tree. Bob? 


Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Tim and good morning, everyone. This morning, we announced results for the first quarter 2014. 

Comp store sales on a constant currency basis increased 2% in the quarter driven primarily by increased traffic with a 
small increase in average ticket. Adjusted for the impact of Canadian currency fluctuations, the comp store sales 
increase was 1.9%, this is on top of a 2.1% comp in the first quarter last year and a 5.6% comp, a year before. 

Total sales were 7.2% to $2 billion. Operating income increased by $15.4 million or 7.1%. Operating margin was 
11.6%, matching last year's all-time high first quarter operating margin. Net income increased 3.6% to $138.3 million 
and earnings per share increased 13.6% to $0.67 compared with first quarter 2013 earnings of $0.59 per share. 

We believe that our model is right for all times. We offer the customer a balanced mix of consumable merchandise they 
need every day alongside assortments of high value seasonal and basic discretionary product and all at $1. Our sales 
growth in the first quarter was the result of increased sales in both consumable and discretionary products with our 
seasonal and discretionary product growing at a slightly faster rate as planned. 

Top performing categories included candy, checkout and trend products, stationery, Valentine's and Easter seasonal 
merchandise and frozen and refrigerated products. As well as the case in the fourth quarter, we were not immune to the 
impacts of the unusually long and harsh winter. Weather impeded customer traffic well into March, created snarls in 
our merchandise flow and resulted in higher than planned freight, logistics and utility costs. 

It's not surprising than that in terms of geography, performance in the first quarter was strongest in the southern zones, 
led by the Southwest and the Southeast, followed closely by the Midwest. Our performance was weaker in the 
Northeast. Sales strengthened throughout the quarter with our strongest comps in April reflecting the Easter calendar 
shift and our strong Easter seasonal performance. We ended the quarter with increasing sales momentum that has 
continued into May. 

Looking forward, we are positioned for continued relevance to the customer, sustained growth and increased 
profitability. We have room to grow and the ability to grow in many different ways. We're growing by opening more 
stores, by increasing the productivity of all stores and by developing new formats, new markets and new channels of 
growth vehicles. 

During the first quarter this year, we opened 94 new stores, and we relocated and expanded 28 existing stores for a total 
of 122 projects. Total square footage increased 6.8%. We ended the quarter with 5,080 stores and we're on track with 
our plan for the full year, which includes 375 new stores and 75 relocations and expansions, for a total of 450 projects 
across the US and Canada. As a reminder, square footage for the full year is planned to increase 7% over fiscal 2013. 

In addition to opening more stores, we continue to develop our strategy to increase productivity in all stores. Some of 
our sales initiatives include category expansions. Our customers are finding more value as we continue to rationalize 
and expand assortments in candy, stationery, health, beauty and eyewear as well as home and household products. 
Across the chain, customers are seeing more powerful seasonal and party presentations that create excitement and a fun 
shopping experience. 

We plan for our storefront to change like the leaves on the trees creating seasonal energy in our stores. In the minds of 
our customers', we want to own the seasons at the $1 price point. Store associates are emphasizing more effective 
customer engagement throughout the store and at the front end to drive sales or related items through 
cross-merchandising and suggestive selling. Our goal is to provide value and shopping experience that exceeds the 
expectations of every customer and every store every day. 

We're doubling down on the first of the month ready with an increased emphasis on chunky displays of basic 
consumable core items. We are reintroducing our (inaudible) $20 buy along with our structure dollar campaign through 
in-store promotions and digital media. And to satisfy basic needs and to drive increased shopping frequency, we 
continue to expand our frozen and refrigerated category. 


In the first quarter, we installed freezers and coolers in 112 additional stores. We now offer frozen and refrigerated 
product in 3,269 stores and we're on track with our plan to add freezers and coolers to 320 additional stores and to 
expand the frozen and refrigerated sections in 50 stores this year. This category continues to serve the needs of our 
customers, and it's a reason to come into the store more often. This increase in shopping frequency provides the 
opportunity to increase sales across all categories including our higher margin discretionary product. 

Another key component of our growth strategy is the expansion of deals Dollar Tree Canada and Dollar Tree Direct. 
Our deals format extends our ability to serve more customers with more categories and increases our unit growth 
potential. Deal stores deliver low prices on everyday essentials, party goods, seasonal and home ground. By lifting the 
restriction of the $1 price point at deals, we're able to serve more customers with more products and value prices every 
day. We ended the quarter with a total of 217 deal stores and direct. 

Our Canadian integration and expansion continues, we opened 11 new stores in the first quarter under the Dollar Tree 
Canada brand and ended the quarter with 189 Canadian stores well on our way to achieving our growth plan for the 
year. Leveraging, the buying power of Dollar Tree, our merchants are sourcing higher value product and our Canadian 
customers are finding broader more exciting assortments and better values in the stores. 

We see enormous potential in Canada as we grow and improve, we believe the Canadian market can support up to 
1,000 Dollar Tree stores. This is an addition to the 7,000 store potential for Dollar Tree in the United States, plus 
additional growth in our deals format. Our goal is to be recognized by customers as a leading retailer in Canada at a 
single price point of $1.25 just as we are in the US at the $1 price point. 

Adding to our growth strategy, Dollar Tree Direct our e-commerce business has expanded -- rapidly expanding. Dollar 
Tree Direct provides an opportunity to broaden our customers' base, drive incremental sales, expand the brand and 
attract more customers into our stores. Our customer traffic continues to grow as we expand the breadth of assortment 
and points of contact with customers online. Dollar Tree Direct and deals direct, now have over 4,000 items available 
online, an increase of 50% versus the same time last year. This increase in assortment is showing up in our customer 
visits. 

In the first quarter, our online traffic increased 19% over the first quarter last year. We've expanded the functionality of 
our mobile platform, adding the ability for shoppers to post reviews of products and to share their Dollar Tree storage 
via their mobile devices. Over 2.2 million people visited the mobile version of our site in the first quarter, an increase 
of more than 34%. Dollar Tree Direct is gaining customers every quarter and we expect to see sustainable growth in 
our Dollar Tree Direct sales. Check us out online, there's always something exciting going on at Dollar Tree. 

As you know, we've always planned to support our growth with investments and infrastructure and distribution 
capacity ahead of the need. We recently broke ground on a 250,000 square foot expansion of our distribution center in 
Joliet, Illinois. This project will bring the total size of the facility to 1.450 million square feet, an increase of 21%. The 
project is scheduled for completion by year-end. We're also in early stages of work on our 11th distribution center; 
we'll provide more details on this project as the plans are finalized. 

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Kevin, who will give you more detail on our financial metrics and provide 
guidance. 

Kevin S. Wampler, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Bob. As Bob mentioned, our diluted earnings per share increased 13.6% in the first quarter to $0.67 per 
share. This reflects our sales growth, expense control and the impact of share deliveries in first quarter as part of our $1 
billion accelerated share repurchase program. 

Starting with gross profit, our gross profit margin was 34.8% during the first quarter compared with 35.2% in the first 
quarter last year, a change of about 35 basis points. The decrease resulted for higher freight and distribution expenses. 
Freight expense increased by 30 basis points, reflecting higher trucking rates, driver shortages and weather-related 
disruptions on inbound trucking, impacting delivery to our DCs and reducing opportunities for backhauls. (Technical 


Difficulty) the freight impact, merchandise margin was slightly higher than the first quarter last year. 

Distribution expenses increased 25 basis points, primarily driven by the expense associated with our new DC in 
Windsor, Connecticut. This facility opened in June of last year, we should annualize the year-on-year expense impact 
of this additional facility in the second half. These two items were partially offset by reduced shrink expense, leverage 
on occupancy costs and continued improvements in initial markup. 

SG&A expenses were 23.2% of sales for the quarter compared with 23.6% in the first quarter last year. Payroll related 
expenses declined by approximately 50 basis points, reflecting lower expenses for incentive compensation, medical 
benefits, retirement plan contributions and workers compensation. We also had lower expenses for legal fees as well as 
leverage associated with the comparable store sales increase. These reductions were partially offset by increased 
utilities cost related to the colder weather, which affected both usage and rate. 

Operating income increased $15.4 million compared to the first quarter last year and operating margin remained at 
11.6% compared with the 11.6% operating margin in the first quarter last year. The tax rate for the quarter was 38.2%, 
this compares with a 38.1% tax rate in the first quarter last year. 

Cash and investments at quarter end totaled $387.1 million compared with $383.3 million at the end of the fiscal first 
quarter of 2013. As you may recall, in September of 2013, the Board of Directors authorized a $2 billion share 
repurchase program. Under this new authorization, the company invested $1 billion for share repurchases through an 
accelerated share repurchase program that was launched on September 17. ASR was funded by $250 million of 
available cash and $750 million from the private placement of senior notes completed in September. 

We received 1.9 million shares as part of the ASR in the first quarter. Subsequent to the end of the first quarter on May 
15th of 2014, the Company received an additional 1.2 million shares, completing the ASR. Altogether, the company 
received a total of 18.1 million shares under the $1 billion accelerated share repurchase program. The company has $1 
billion remaining on its share repurchase authorization. The diluted weighted average shares outstanding for the first 
quarter was 207.7 million. 

Our consolidated inventory at quarter end was 3.3% greater than at the same time last year while selling square footage 
increased 6.8%. Consolidated inventory per selling square foot decreased 3.3%. Our inventory turn increased in the 
first quarter and we expect continued improvement in inventory turns for the full year. We enter 2014 with linear store 
level inventories than last year, reflecting our inventory management plan. We believe that current inventory levels are 
appropriate to support scheduled new store openings and our sales initiatives for the second quarter. 

Capital expenditures were $71.9 million in the first quarter of 2014 versus $103.2 million in the first quarter last year, 
reflecting our investments to expand distribution capacity. For the full year 2014, we're planning consolidated capital 
expenditures to be in the range of $350 million to $360 million. Capital expenditures are focused on new stores and 
remodels, including additional fee development stores, the addition of frozen and refrigerated capability to 
approximately 320 stores, IT system enhancements, the expansion of our dealer Illinois' distribution center, in the 
beginning phases of work on our 11th distribution center. 

Depreciation and amortization in the first quarter totaled $50.8 million versus $45.1 million in the first quarter last year, 
an increase of approximately 10 basis points. We expect depreciation expense to be in the range of $200 million to 
$210 million for the year. Our guidance for 2014 takes into account the actual performance in the first quarter and 
except for small refinements to the share count and the tax rate is unchanged from that which we had issued in 
February -- on February 26th. It includes the following assumptions, 

First, we were pleased with the results for our May 1st, ocean freight negotiations, which were consistent with the 
assumptions in our previous guidance. As always, we cannot predict the direction of diesel prices for the next year. For 
this reason, our guidance assumes that diesel prices will be similar to at their current levels on average throughout fiscal 
2014. We also cannot predict future currency fluctuations, we have not adjusted our guidance for changes in currency 
rates. 


And as we look ahead to the fourth quarter, this year there is one additional selling day between Thanksgiving and 
Christmas which returns us to a more normal pattern than last year. Our guidance also assumes a tax rate of 38.4% for 
the second quarter and 38.3% for the full year. Weighted average diluted share counts are assumed to be 206.7 million 
shares for the second quarter and 206.9 million shares for the full year. 

While we still see share repurchase with a good use of cash, our guidance assumes no additional share repurchase. With 
this in mind for the second quarter of 2014, we are forecasting sales in the range of $1.97 billion to $2.02 billion, based 
on a low single digit, comparable store sales increase and 7.2% square footage growth. 

Diluted earnings per share expected to be in the range of $0.58 to $0.64, which would represent a 3.6% to 14.3% 
increase compared to the second quarter 2013 earnings of $0.56 per diluted share. For the full fiscal year 2014, we are 
forecasting sales in the range of $8.37 billion to $8.54 billion, based on a low single-digit increase in comparable store 
sales and 7% square footage growth. Diluted earnings per share expected to be in the range of $2.94 to $3.12. This 
represents an increase of 8.1% to 14.7% over 2013 earnings per share of $2.72. 

With that, I'll turn the call back over to Bob. 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Kevin. In summary, during the first quarter 2014, comp store sales grew 2%. Customers are visiting our stores 
more often, and we are attracting new customers every day, both traffic and average sale were positive with results 
being driven primarily by increased customer traffic. 

Our sales, strengthened throughout the quarter with the highest comp sales in April. Sales momentum has continued 
into May. Total sales grew 7.2% to a first quarter record $2 billion. We achieved 11.6% operating margin, tying our 
first-quarter record set last year and earnings per share increased 13.6% to $0.67. We opened 94 new stores, expanded 
and relocated 28 stores and ended the quarter with 5,080 stores and square footage growth of 6.8%. We expanded 
frozen and refrigerated product to 112 additional stores for a total of 3,269 stores across the US. 

Our inventory is balanced and increasingly productive. Our terms increased in the first quarter, and we entered the 
second quarter well prepared for new store growth and customer demand. And we continue to manage our capital for 
the benefit of long-term shareholders. We invested more than $1 billion for share repurchase over the past four quarters 
and have another $1 billion authorization remaining. 

Now, in our 20th year, Dollar Tree has built an exemplary record of consistent profitable growth. This performance has 
been the result of the collaborative efforts of tens of thousands of Dollar Tree associates, working together to deliver 
value to every customer at every store, every day. As I look into the future, I see even more exciting opportunity. Our 
balance sheet is strong. The Dollar Tree business model is powerful, flexible and more relevant than ever providing 
extreme value to customers, while recording record levels of earnings. It has been tested by time and validated by 
history. 

We have multiple platforms for growth. The Dollar Tree brand is a benchmark of value for our customers and there is 
great opportunity to grow and expand the Dollar Tree brand in the US, through more stores and more productive stores. 
The deals brand is serving customers with increased value on even more categories. Dollar Tree Direct continues to 
broaden as reached to customers throughout North America, and we're working to build, expand and improve the 
Dollar Tree Canada brand. 

We remain committed to a concept that customers love and we're positioned to continue growing profitably for many 
years ahead. We have a vision of where we want to go and the ability to execute with infrastructure, capital and most 
importantly, a talented management team that has a long history of Retail success. 

It's a great time to be Dollar Tree, as we enter the second quarter, our inventories are clean and fresh, the stores are full 
terrific merchandise, our stock rooms are in great shape and our values have never been higher. 


We will now address your questions. So we can accommodate as many callers as time permits, we ask that you limit 
your questions to two. Liven? 

Questions And Answers 

Operator 

Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question from Scott Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets. Please go 
ahead. 

Scott Ciccarelli, Analyst 

Good morning, guys. How are you? 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

Great, Scott. Good morning. 

Scott Ciccarelli, Analyst 

Excellent. Little bit more. Actually if you could give us a little bit more Bob, on the cadence of the quarter. First of all, 
how large was the volatility kind of, when you look through the quarter. And then number two, any idea kind of how 
the size, any kind of weather impacting you, general thoughts on how much weather may have impacted the sales 
strength? Thanks. 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

Yes, Scott. Well, basically as I said earlier, the sales strengthened throughout the quarter. April was the strongest. There 
was the shift of Easter, as you know, which helped April, as well as the weather contended to improve a little bit as we 
got into April. The quarter was terrifically impacted by main storms, just as a little reminder, we had 26 main storms 
across the season last year. 11 of those were in first quarter. As we move into February, there were six in February, 
there were four in March, almost one a week and then one in April, the very first week of April. 

So, as we moved through the quarter, as weather improved and as we get closer to the Easter holiday, our sales 
strengthen and that momentum has continued into May. Both consumables and our discretionary categories grew both 
were comp positive with the discretionary business to only slightly growing at a faster rate. In terms of geography, as 
you might guess, the southern zones did better, the -- our sales were led in the Southwest, followed by the Southeast 
and then the Midwest and of course, the Northeast, which was the most impacted by the negative whether that was 
lagged along. 

Top performing categories, we already talked about where our candy and checkout and our trend. Our stationery 
business was very strong, Valentine and Easter seasonal even, Valentine even with a horrible weather, the weaker 
Valentine's Day we had a acceptable Valentine's Day season. So we're pleased to have come out of that as we did. And 
of course, we continue to grow our frozen and refrigerated, as well as our snacks and beverages. 

Scott Ciccarelli, Analyst 

And probably was the Northeast negative in the quarter? 


Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

I think, we don't -- I'm not going to break it out, but I would characterize it as -- it was lagging, I guess. 

Scott Ciccarelli, Analyst 

Okay. And regarding that, specifically the Northeast recovered as we got through in account of April and in the May? 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

Absolutely. It was weather, the Northeast, as you know was the most impacted by weather. Valentine's Day, we had 
storms, we had all the bad stuff that went on there. So I'm not trying to give you a weather report, just trying to share 
with you the cadence of the sales, that the -- our sales strengthened, because of weather improving and because of 
getting closer to Easter. As you went through the quarter, our sales strength in February into March and then into April, 
with April being the strongest. 

Scott Ciccarelli, Analyst 

Understood. Thank you. 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

You're welcome. 

Operator 

And we'll go to our next question from Matthew Boss with JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 

Matthew Boss, Analyst 

Hey, guys. On the gross margin front, can you speak to underlying drivers of the core merchandise margin being 
positive here, opportunities going forward and what you're seeing on the sourcing front today? 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

Yeah. The -- as I've always said, we are in control of our merchandise margin and we -- our merchants and have 
manage that just terrifically over the years. Our basic purchase markup, I guess, on our margin was solid and slightly 
better. The shrink also improved as a component of our gross margin. The sort of the drag was the transportation cost, 
component of our gross margin. 

Matthew Boss, Analyst 

Great. 

Kevin S. Wampler, Chief Financial Officer 


Yeah. I think just to give a, maybe a little color on the transportation costs that, if you look at the weather definitely 
impacted us, definitely where we saw the biggest impact was in the Port of New York, which got backed up 
significantly, a big disruption there, first weather did backed up and then there was a lack of equipment because truck 
chassis were not being returned and put back in to use within the business. 

So, that was a big problem and as well as the fact that in Vancouver, we had some disruption from the truckers strike 
for a period of about a week to two weeks roughly. So those are definitely things that were not expected to move 
freight, we had to pay some higher rates, as to make sure we could keep things moving. So there are some one-time 
costs there. 

And I would tell you in general though as we go forward, we are seeing and it's built within our guidance is the idea of 
the fact that there are some pressures on freight costs within our business. There is a somewhat shortage of truckers out 
there and some regards they changed the rules of operations for truckers last summer. So the amount of ours they can 
spend on the road and so forth and as it does have a direct impact on the industry at the end of the day. 

So that has built into our model and into our -- in our guidance. But we could see some continued pressure there as we 
go forward. 

Matthew Boss, Analyst 

Great. And then one quick follow-up on capital allocation, you guys have talked of comfort operating with more 
leverage on the box, the ASR is now complete. Can you just talk about priorities on the capital front? 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

Sure. I mean, I think as you've heard me say before, as we look at it obviously, the best use of a dollar is built in 
another Dollar Tree store. We have plans to open 375 new stores this year and 75 relocations, so 450 projects there, that 
is our first and foremost we have. We are going to continue to work on our infrastructure from the standpoint of we're 
expanding DC 3 for us, which is in Joliet. We're looking at DC 11 and trying to put that on the board and plan it out 
accordingly. So those are going to be uses of capital as we continue to go forward. 

After that as we've always talked about, this acquisitions which historically, the last one we did was Canada, as of now 
something going on there. Then you get into dividends and the Board of Directors basically has looked at that in the 
past, we've talked about that and we really feel like we won't put our money towards growing the company. And then 
returning to shareholders through our share purchase program, which is always been a good way for us to return value 
to our shareholders at the end of the day. 

So I don't think our overall stock processes isn't changed any -- in any regards in that way. And again, the ASR has 
been complete and we'll go from there. 

Matthew Boss, Analyst 

Great. Best of luck. 

Operator 

And we'll go to our next question from Joan Storms with Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead. 

Joan Storms, Analyst 


Good morning. And congratulations on a great quarter. 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Joan. 

Joan Storms, Analyst 

Okay. So I had a question on your merchandising and your -- that I just -- that the discretionary categories has done 
pretty well. And here for competitive reasons, if you don't want to dispose a lot about that. But can you -- tell anything 
about what is going on there, going forward. And also on the comp seems, tell us what you think about the consumer 
usage and some multiples that have a little bit for a low single-digit comp versus the mid single-digit comp and what 
does you think to get sort of back to that? 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

Okay. Joan, I'll give it a short here, we always talk about our merchandise assortments, it's a balanced mix of things, 
people and need and things people want. So basically, the things you need every day is faster turning merchandise, 
creates traffic. 

In our stores, it's a reason to shop Dollar Tree, go there for all the great values on paper goods and HBC and household 
supplies and all the things that you need to consume on a frequent basis and that is shopping trips to our stores and also 
serves our customer needs very well. 

Alongside that, we've always strive to sell a balanced mix, which is also discretionary merchandise. We're very proud 
of our party business, we have seasonal business and we talk about as changing like leaves on the trees and what that 
means is the plants of our stores are always changing. We place great -- we place a lot of importance to our shopping 
experience at Dollar Tree, people, customers shop Dollar Tree, because we have great values on things they need, and 
it's a fun experience, they always find something that they didn't expect, they find things for the party, they find things 
for the season, they find toys for the kids. And as we say, everybody leaves happy, because at Dollar Tree, we can still 
afford to splurge even in tough times and buy those things for your kids. 

So we always plan to sell and we manage our business appropriately, mixing up that balance between products needed 
and products that are discretionary. It's about a 49 to 51 discretionary to needs and sometimes it goes 50-50 and is plus 
or minus in that range and that's the way we plan our business. It's not by accident, it's by plan, it's one of the reasons 
that our operating margin is the highest in our sector and always has been. We strive to exceed the expectations of our 
customer not only with the values that they need, but also the shopping experience. They come to Dollar Tree, because 
I enjoy shopping Dollar Tree. I really like to go to Dollar Tree. I take my kids and I can buy them things that can buy in 
other places and you hear those kinds of experiences from our customers. 

As to the customer, I think the customer is still burdened and worried and just been -- it seems like there are some signs 
of improvement out there, but the pressure remains and it's just been a long stubborn period of higher unemployment 
and high costs and anxiety over uncertainty. So it's been a real strain on family budgets. Our job at Dollar Tree has 
always is to be part of the solution. So once again, we try to offer the things that our customers need, as they need more 
of the consumable products, we've increased that in our mix, in our stores, again striving for that balance. 

And then to exceed their expectations for what they can buy on each visit, every customer, every store, every day. 

Joan Storms, Analyst 

Great. Thanks a lot, Bob. 


Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

You're welcome, Joan. 

Operator 

And we'll go to our next question from Paul Trussell with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 

Paul Trussell, Analyst 

Good morning. 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

Good morning. 

Paul Trussell, Analyst 

Great quarter, guys. 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you. 

Paul Trussell, Analyst 

I want to just ask about new store productivity. It was a little bit lighter than we had modeled in kind of your historical 
average, but you also opened up few more stores than we modeled for 1Q. So just wanted to ask about maybe the 
timing of the openings, if that had any impact and just what you think about new store productivity moving forward? 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

Well, I'm not concerned about it, it's a little bit lower than you might have expected. We have changed our cadence a 
little bit, the weather had an impact on that. We opened up in the first quarter, few our urban stores, which are typically 
the higher margin buyer sales per square foot stores. We've got -- still got those common, but that we didn't open any in 
the first quarter. Weather had an impact, delayed some of our openings in the first quarter, as well as impacting 
customer traffic. 

So having said that, I mean its all annualized numbers. So we've got very few weeks and days, in some cases, to use in 
our annualization, but it's not concerning. We still believe in the concept and our customers, when they can get out 
there shopping in our stores and I believe we're going to see the productivity raise as we go through the year. 

Paul Trussell, Analyst 


That's helpful. And just, Bob, we've had pretty mixed results across a lot of retailers year-to-date. I just wanted to get 
your thoughts on the health of the consumer today. Obviously, Dollar Tree is positioned well regardless of where we're 
heading from an economic standpoint. But what are you sensing as you hear from customers and walk stores, do you 
believe that the environment is improving a bit or is it still a very challenging marketplace for your core consumer? 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

No, I believe it's still challenging for all the lowest demographic -- income demographic consumers as especially. The 
low middle and the lowest have especially been pressured with less than their food stamps and less in their 
entitlements. And the talks about it, as you know there is still the unemployment issue still remains high. There is 
always concern about how long the benefits are going to last until I get a job. So it it's worried and concerned 
consumer. I believe that we're well positioned as you can be, again, we strive to offer that balance to make everything 
the dollar at Dollar Tree. 

So you can come to Dollar Tree and you can buy the things you need every day and from a little bit of money. So that's 
the -- I don't think that has changed, it feels to me like things are improving, but it does feel like the consumer has 
actually bought it and then they may never buy into that premise. 

I think we've gone through a time where people have been forever touched by in some way, either through high 
unemployment or just the ability to run their families or run their businesses and all that goes with the down economy. I 
think they've been forever changed in their habits. We continue to see new customers. Our traffic continues to grow. 
Some of it is more frequent shopping by existing customer, some of it are, saw those people that come in and say how 
much is this, which -- a clue that they haven't been there before, because obviously, the answer is a Dollar. 

Paul Trussell, Analyst 

Thank you. 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

You're welcome. 

Operator 

And we'll go to our next question from Charles Grom with Sterne Agee. Please go ahead. 

Charles Grom, Analyst 

Good morning, Bob. Good morning, Kevin. And great quarter here. So Bob when you take a look back at the 
improvement in your sales per square foot over the past six, seven years that's pretty impressive and I think we would 
all agree on. But since the third quarter of '12 comps have been in the 2% range, traffic is positive, but certainly not 
what you were doing five, six years ago. 

And I guess the question is, when you look out over the next five to 10 years and you look at the opportunities within 
the four walls of the store to improve productivity, where do you think it can go and I guess what's the pace of that and 
I guess how do you get there? 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 


It's -- those are, five and 10 year questions today are really tough to answer. I can tell you what we're doing, I can't tell 
you how we think about growing our business and I could tell you how we're going to continue to improve our sales 
per square foot, we are always about running better stores. We're always focused in our stores with initiatives that 
speak to increasing average ticket, increasing customer engagement, being the friendly fun place to shop. We're always, 
again we continue to expand assortments in our store based on customer needs. And you can see it in our sales as we've 
gone through the areas that we've expanded, assortment expand its use. You can see we are coming up at the top end of 
our sales. 

So you can't have -- there are ebbs and flows to any business that can comps on top of comps, I think we -- if you look 
at our three years tact, you feel a lot better about it and I believe that comps can continue to improve. But they're all 
obviously going have to be a review of the, over review of the last three years, the last five years and what's the next 
year's comp to that. So we're going to keep driving our business, our customers love what we're doing, we're in a 
market that value is of the utmost important and which clearly people that have the value that we've got the business 
based on value. Everything is a Dollar, it just can't be that's the value. As we've gone through time, we've continued to 
expand what you can buy for a Dollar and we'll continue to do that adding even more value as we go forward. So over 
the next five years, we're going to continue to grow. We've got a lot more new Dollar Tree that we can open in the US. 
We have five deals stores that were using largely in our urban, high density markets because we think that by lifting the 
restriction of the price point, we can have even higher sales productivity and serve those customers and those urban 
markets better. 

We have Dollar Tree Canada, which is coming along. We are expanding that business, we are up with I think 189 
stores somewhere around there from the 86 that we bought. So we continue to grow Canada, there is just a terrific 
amount of space that we can build new stores, whether it'll be geography or deals, new type store, or Dollar Tree Direct 
business alongside of our Dollar Tree business. So more stores, continuing to focus on sales per square foot, better 
stores and over the next five years and our growth trajectory is still going to be amongst the highest in retail, I believe. 

Charles Grom, Analyst 

Okay. And then just, what are all the transaction and your comments there, and also in the conference calls, unmatched 
question earlier about capital allocation. Just want to attack them a little bit of a different angle. In that -- other three 
major Dollar Stores you guys historically have been the most acquisitive, the deals, several years ago we went into 
Canada, a couple of years ago. Is there anything on the horizon that you guys are looking at to plug in to, to enhance 
back growth in addition to the success you guys have had with the deal stores and you have lot of cash in the balance 
sheet, you're arguably a little bit under-levered. Is there anything you would look to do to accelerate that growth? 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

We're always looking for good companies. We're looking for opportunities and new businesses. I don't see thing right 
now, but we are very focused on. Our last acquisition was in Canada and we really expect standing that up and getting 
that going in the right direction and we've got a lot of energy and focus towards that as well as our deals business. So, 
but we're always looking, we're always open to good opportunities. 

Charles Grom, Analyst 

Okay, great. Best of luck and thanks. 

Operator 

And we go to our next question from Anthony Chukumba with BB&T Capital Market. Please go ahead. 


Anthony Chukumba, Analyst 

Good morning. And congrats on the strong quarter. 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you. 

Anthony Chukumba, Analyst 

And so I just had a question about sourcing. I'm just wondering, if there's anything that you're seeing different from a 
positive perspective, negative perspective, particularly given the slowdown in the Chinese economy? Thanks. 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

We just keep driving our business, and about 40% of our product comes from somewhere other than the US, mostly 
from China. I did not make the last trip, but regards of it, the April trip were continue to be strong within our margin 
targets again. 

The market really is open to our kind of business and as much as we go and we actually place orders and lay down 
orders and we stand by our commitments, we spent years building relationships with our Chinese and as well as all of 
our vendors to continue to grow. As we've gotten larger place and larger orders, we have involved more factories and 
develop more relationship. 

So that is I would characterize in our foreign sourcing as being really unchanged and really a strategic advantage that 
we have over many, especially since we aspire to continue to thrill our customers with the types of products that are -that 
we define our stores, things like our toys business and our party business and our seasonal business and all our 
stationery business, there's a lot of that product they come from somewhere else. 

Domestically, we continue to drive those business too, we are very proud of our relationships that I'm obviously more 
of our business comes from the US then come from anywhere else, 60%. So continue to drive those businesses, we 
enjoy a terrific relationship with many of the large consumer product companies across the country and I believe that 
we continue to grow and the consumer continues to seek value that part of our business may continue to improve and 
excel. 

Anthony Chukumba, Analyst 

That's helpful. Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll go to our next question from Dan Wewer with Raymond James & Associates. Please go ahead. 

Dan Wewer, Analyst 

Yeah, thanks. Good morning, Bob. 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 


Good morning, Dan. 

Dan Wewer, Analyst 

I want to you, when you benchmark your performance in Canada against Dollarama, what would be the puts and takes. 
I know you won't give any specifics on comps or Margins, but how much of a differential and then kind of qualitative 
terms, you'd be willing to give? 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

Dan, as we benchmarked against Dollarama, a terrific company by the way, yes, with the new guy on the block, so to 
speak, we're the largest in the US, that's what we do, but we going to Canada, we are very humble and we realize that 
we aren't the largest players. So the first thing is they have the size, they are the large company that's been there a long 
time. So, the growth I think is important for us in Canada, more stores, the brand, building the brand in Canada, many 
Canadians know Dollar Tree in the US, but that's just -- that's not good enough and we have to be in Canada and we 
have to be there store of choice. 

So we're building the brand in Canada, we're growing, we're building the size in Canada and although while we're 
building store case -- and people and the ability to run the Canadian business their desires in Canada, their consumer 
needs, we're paying very close attention to that. There are things that we don't know still that we are very -- again, we 
are very humble and we're willing and eager to continue to evolve to serve that Canadian customer, not a Dollar Tree 
from the US and Canada, as a Dollar Tree Canada and so building that assortment. 

But I think benchmark there, we're the smallest guy, we're growing, we have a big idea. And again, we're the only 
signal, the largest single price point operator in Canada, and that's the message that we're trying to give to our 
consumer. 

Dan Wewer, Analyst 

Okay. And Kevin, when you look at your expenses, first, were but that's actually declined now -- declined two 
consecutive year. And typically, that you talked about needing a one or two comp to maintain a flight expense rate, but 
you're obviously doing a lot better than that. But it's not, doesn't appear to be sustainable in the long run I want to get 
your thoughts on the sustainability of this, 1%, 2% drop in expenses per foot? 

Kevin S. Wampler, Chief Financial Officer 

Sure, I mean. Yeah, as I've said before, I know that the metric business had, many of you folks use that there we cannot 
use that so much really, as I've said, the line item by line item. And I think part of it, as we've continue to grow over the 
last four or five years, part of the scale, part of this technology, part of it is initiatives surrounding certain expenses and 
how can we do it better. And again, when everything is a dollar, you know the pennies count and everybody realize us, 
a part of our culture still been from day one, everybody realizing that the expense side of the ledger has to be a strict 
focus as well. 

So again, I think as we have said, one, two comp typically would help us to get us flat on our SG&A. But we're always 
working to try to leverage things. We got some benefit in Q1 from -- on our medical benefits, last year we had huge 
claims, we had more large claims than never. It was really unusual year. Those things tend to be cyclical and tough for 
some reason and so maybe this year is going to be a better year. You can always say but that's something I can't rely on 
at the end of the day. 


But as we look at things, we always believe there's room for improvement. We always talk about continuous 
improvement, continuous ways to improve our business as and as well as the processes around them and that's really 
the way we go about it day in and day out. And as I said, more on a line-item basis and a detailed line-item basis, so the 
first you're looking at as a per square foot basis. 

Dan Wewer, Analyst 

You had called out incentive comp, given that the second quarter same-store sales are started -- are starting stronger 
than that low single-digit guidance, if that were to continue, would it be probable that your incentive comp would 
increase year-over-year in the second quarter? 

Kevin S. Wampler, Chief Financial Officer 

Well, first, I would say, your first statement relating to business that going forward being stronger than our low 
single-digit comp. I don't know that I would agree with that. Let's start there at the end of the day, that's actually we 
have that right. We're just saying that. 

Dan Wewer, Analyst 

What about you said it was April is better than 2% and then very momentum (inaudible)? 

Kevin S. Wampler, Chief Financial Officer 

We said basically that the strongest period was April, but others part of that's the fact that Easter shifted later in the 
April. But I think what we're talking about in general is as it relates to our guidance that we've given. So let's start there 
and then I think as we think like incentive comp, depend upon, we have high expectations that we will improve our 
business. Apart of that is at the store level and the other quick part of it is here been a store support center. So as we 
look at those things that business improves, yes, those expenses may go up, but the hope would be as because we're 
beating sales guidance and we actually leverage them in the long run. 

So I think it's a kind of two components that go into it over time, but this is the kind of way I would look at that. 

Dan Wewer, Analyst 

Okay, great. Thank you. 

Operator 

And we have time for a couple of more questions today. We'll go to our next question from Dan Binder with Jefferies. 
Please go ahead. 

Daniel Binder, Analyst 

Hi, it's Dan Binder. 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 


How are you Dan? 

Daniel Binder, Analyst 

Usually, it's Dan Binder, today it's Dan Sinder. 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

We know, who you are Dan. 

Daniel Binder, Analyst 

I had a couple questions. Just, first on a point of clarification around the whole Easter ship in April business. When 
we're just at Easter shift, did you still see sequential improvement April versus March. And then my second question 
was around the pricing environment that you heard from target that they're going to -- they're getting more promotional 
they already have, Wal-Mart's been pretty competitive since last fall, just curious your thoughts on the pricing 
environment, as to need to react on? 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

Dan, since I'm the one who has said, when I said about the sales dollar in third quarter, let me just say again, I -- if sales 
strengthened throughout the quarter, first quarter and momentum continued into May, all of that's in our guidance. 
We're not giving you guidance. With that comment, we did consider all that inside that we gave for second or as for as 
the competition, we see all of that. I think our values are up to, with our price, which is still a dollar, but the way we, as 
you know Dan, in our businesses, we offer the most value that we can at the dollar at the margins we're willing to 
accept overall and I think you can shop at our stores right now, you'd find some terrific values for a dollar. It's still a 
dollar, but we add more to the product from time to time. We had our Wow items that's there, more Wow items than 
ever. I believe that we're very, very competitive. 

And having said that we're just different than the other -- than the other guy's anyway. Our price that is a dollar 
yesterday, will be a dollar tomorrow, so dollar today, it's all about offering the most value for that dollar and as long as 
we can do that, then we'll be successful. We feel pretty good about our position. 

Daniel Binder, Analyst 

One other things that I've noticed in retail of last several months and just generally speaking, as retails have 
experienced softer sales, you can see it in sort of the way they're staffing the stores, the labors come out and then you 
get this inflection point, where weather improves and they seem to get unprepared for the volume and just in terms of 
longer lines or out of stocks or whatever, I'm just curious if you give us a little color on how you've been managing, 
laboring your stores? 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

Well, it's pretty much the way we managed it for years. We've looked at it on a productivity basis and of course we 
always look into to avoid techniques and labor plans and support our stores in a way that allows us to leverage us and 
improve the productivity of our labor in our stores. We measure it, kind of report on it. Our stores have a goal that 
they're trying to meet as you do more sales, you get more labor. But you are trying to leverage that and that's pretty 
much where we've done it for the past 10, 15 years. 


I don't think you'll see any longer lines in our stores than we have seen or will see and frankly right now, I believe our 
store is in good position from a merchandise standpoint, from a stock rooms in the best shape. They've been in a long 
time our store teams are really done a terrific job of running and to improving the standards in our stores. While at the 
same time being more productive and driving the sales in the stores that can support the labor. So we're going to 
continue to do that. Our stores know how to do that and we are proud of whenever they come up with a better labor 
number because I know it just didn't happen is because of plan, is because of initiative, is because of focus and actually 
doing the right things. 

Daniel Binder, Analyst 

Great, thanks. 

Operator 

And we'll take our final question today from Patrick Makeover with MKM Partners. Please go ahead. 

Patrick McKeever, Analyst 

Okay. Great, thanks. Good morning, everyone. I had a question on the impulse initiative and just you called it out as 
checkout as a stronger area of the store during the quarter. So I'm just wondering how much of that ties into what you're 
doing with impulse merchandise and how that initiative is evolving. I know you had talked about doing more 
suggestive selling at the register, if you're still doing that and if you look at that initiative, how would you rank it in 
order of the various comp drivers for the year including, let's say, the cooler program? 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

It's one of the more powerful initiatives that we have. I think, for a couple reasons. It's the first thing and you walk-in 
the store, the front end of the store, the first thing you see and it's the last thing you see. So if you remember a year or 
so ago, we were talking about cleaning up our front and lowering the profile, so you could see the cashier, the cashier 
could see the customers, flooring the profile, re-merchandising that whole front end. And we've re-merchandised our 
check lines, first of all, with things that you need on the way out, you might not have thought about it, but why not buy 
a packet of gum or something that you need a pocket gum. There is hundreds of items up there, but that's the idea, to 
offer them one last chance to buy something on their checkout. 

And in that front end there, you'll find new products, you'll find seasonal product and you'll find we got trend 
merchandising. We're always looking for something that's new, unique, it might be seasonally relevant, it might be 
trend relevant, you'll find fun, exciting things on the front end designed to come in and be bought and go away. It adds 
to our sales and it also adds to the customer experience in the store. So those are two big initiatives that we've been 
working with and will continue to drive our comp sales force as we go forward. 

And the last thing you asked about is what we call our drive item and that is our cashier's, we have an item whether we 
-- and drive item each week. And our cashiers across the country as you check out, are engaging you, hopefully smiling 
at you. And so there had you seen our new whatever pan or whatever sanitizer or this just came in and where would 
you like to buy another candy product or things like that. So in fact our cashiers are doing a couple of things, one, we 
know that our customers like being engaged personally at the front end. So that comprises that and it's just that one last 
chance to get another item in their shop at the bag as they go through. 

So those were tested, by the way they obviously buy it. It helps us and forced back that's really important. We would 
appreciate some help with that. 


Patrick McKeever, Analyst 

And for the impact on, it's obviously more of an impact on average ticket than traffic, right. Did you talk about the 
average ticket during the quarter, you said it was up a little bit, right? 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

It was up slightly. Most of our increase was due to traffic. Do you got some puts and takes there, so you improve your 
front-end, you improve in the impulse sales. At the same time, there are pressures on consumers from time to time or 
whether maybe paying less more frequently. I think that's happening. We sell off some things, for instance, foot stamp 
that's not a big number for us. But our traffic on foot stamp was that unchanged but the average sale on foot stamp was 
little less. I think that's tied directly to the fact that they're getting less foot stamps, now that programs and cutback. 

So we always have some puts and takes, Patrick. You know something's were always driving our sales and for instance, 
in this case, there are right up there towards top of our comps with our front-end and our checkout and our trend 
merchandise, but they're all -- there are all of a puts and takes in this business. And every plus is not a 100% plus, 
sometimes it's one plus one equals 1.5. So that's my answer to that. 

Patrick McKeever, Analyst 

Okay. Thank you, Bob. 

Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you. 

Operator 

And that concludes today's question-and-answer session. 

Timothy J. Reid, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thank you, Liven. And thanks all of you for your participation in today's call, for your interest in our company and as 
always, most importantly, thank you for your investment in Dollar Tree. Our next conference call is scheduled for 
August 21st, 2014, when we will discuss our results for the second quarter. Thank you. 

Operator 

And this does conclude today's conference call. We appreciate your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 


© COPYRIGHT 2014, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


