Q2 2015 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Randy Guiler 
• Robert L. Sasser 
• Kevin S. Wampler 
• Gary M. Philbin 
Other Participants 

• Scot Ciccarelli 
• Stephen W. Grambling 
• Matt Nemer 
• Michael Louis Lasser 
• Dan R. Wewer 
• Paul E. Trussell 
• Meredith Adler 
• Daniel Thomas Binder 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day and welcome to the Dollar Tree Incorporated second quarter earnings conference call. Today's conference is 
being recorded. 

At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Randy Guiler, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go 
ahead, sir. 

Randy Guiler 

Thank you, Rochelle. Good morning and welcome to our conference call to discuss Dollar Tree's performance for the 
second quarter of fiscal 2015. Participating on today's call will be our CEO, Bob Sasser; our CFO, Kevin Wampler; and 
Family Dollar's President and Chief Operating Officer, Gary Philbin. 

Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that various remarks that we will make about future expectations, 
plans, and prospects for the company constitute forward-looking statements for the purposes of the Safe Harbor 
provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 

Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various 
important factors included in our most recent press release, most recent current report on Form 8-K, Quarterly Report 
on Form 10-Q and Annual Report on Form 10-K, which are all on file with the SEC. We have no obligation to update 
our forward-looking statements and you should not expect us to do so. 

Unless otherwise noted, all margin, net income and earnings comparisons presented today exclude the impact of the 
Family Dollar Stores' acquisition and integration-related cost for the second quarter and year to date. At the end of our 
prepared remarks, we will open the call to your questions. Please limit your questions to one and one follow-up 


question, if necessary. 

Now, I will turn the call over to Bob Sasser, Dollar Tree's Chief Executive Officer. 

Robert L. Sasser 

Thanks, Randy. Good morning, everyone. 

This morning we announced the results for the second quarter of fiscal 2015. With the closing of the Family Dollar 
transaction on July 6, this is our first sales and earnings report for the combined companies. This report includes one 
month of Family Dollar sales and operations combined with a full quarter of Dollar Tree performance. All Family 
Dollar Stores are reported as new stores. 

In the Dollar Tree segment of our business, same-store sales on a constant currency basis increased 2.7%. This is on top 
of a 4.5% increase in second quarter last year. Sales growth was driven by increases in both traffic and average ticket, 
with traffic increasing the most. Adjusted for the impact of Canadian currency fluctuations, the same-store sales 
increase was 2.4%. 

Total sales at Dollar Tree stores for the second quarter grew 8.3% to $2.2 billion. This was at the midpoint of our 
previously announced guidance of $2.17 billion to $2.23 billion. Adjusted operating income increased by $22.4 million 
or 10.5% to $234.9 million and adjusted operating margin for the quarter improved 20 basis points to 10.7% compared 
to 10.5% from the prior year second quarter. 

Adjusted net income for the Dollar Tree segment increased 10.1% to $138.9 million. And adjusted earnings per diluted 
share increased 9.8% to $0.67 compared with second quarter 2014 adjusted earnings of $0.61 per diluted share. This 
was near the top end of our previously announced guidance of $0.63 to $0.68 per diluted share. I'm extremely pleased 
with the consistent growth and strength of the Dollar Tree business. This was our 30th consecutive quarter of positive 
same-store sales. 

Second quarter results continue to validate the relevance of the Dollar Tree brand. Customers are shopping with us 
more often. We're attracting new customers every day. And when the customers are in the store, they're buying more. 
Both traffic and average ticket increased for the quarter. 

Dollar Tree continues to be part of the solution for millions of consumers, as they strive to balance their household 
budgets. We serve a very loyal and growing customer base. Our commitment is to continue serving our existing 
customers better while taking every opportunity to gain new customers in every store every day. 

Our merchants do a great job sourcing product that exceeds customer expectations for what $1 can buy at a cost that 
fits our margin requirements. And our store teams are focused on providing a clean, full fun and friendly shopping 
experience. Our merchandise values are better than ever, and our operating margin continues to lead the discount retail 
sector. 

Seasonal energy was high in May, beginning with Mother's Day. In addition to party essentials, our stores were well 
stocked with cards, gifts, gift bags, balloons and candy for moms. Seasonal sell-through was good, and stores quickly 
and efficiently transitioned to patriotic themes and celebrations surrounding Memorial Day, picnic schools, beaches and 
summer fun. Reflecting the seasonal strength of Mother's Day and Memorial Day, May was the strongest month for 
comp store sales in the quarter. 

For the full quarter, same-store sales increased as a result of growth in both basic consumables and discretionary 
products. Top-performing categories include candy and food, party, snacks and beverage, and household supplies. 

Geographically, Dollar Tree same-store sales growth was the strongest in the Southwest, followed by the Midwest, 
Southeast, Northeast and West Coast. All five geographic zones produced positive same-store sales in the quarter. We 
continue to invest in our customers by offering unbelievable values on many name brand and bonus buys, especially in 
our food, snack, beverage and household supplies. 


And not to forget the basics, throughout the quarter, we continued to highlight our million dollars brands with signage 
and special displays of those everyday items that provide terrific value to our customers. 

Looking forward, the Dollar Tree segment is positioned for increased relevance to our customers, sustained growth and 
improved profitability. We have multiple opportunities to continue growing and improving our business through 
opening more stores and increasing the productivity of all of our stores. 

In the second quarter, we opened a total of 130 new stores and relocated or expanded 27 stores for a total of 157 
projects. The new stores included 121 U.S. Dollar Tree stores, three Dollar Tree Canada stores and two Deal$ Stores. 
Additionally, on August 1, we hosted grand openings at the first four of our re-bannered Family Dollar to Dollar Tree 
stores. Total Dollar Tree square footage increased 7.8%. 

We ended the quarter with 5,583 stores and we're on track with our plan for fiscal 2015, which includes 400 new stores, 
75 relocations and expansions for a total of 475 projects across the U.S. and Canada. 

In addition to new stores, we continue to execute our strategy to improve the productivity of our existing stores. Some 
of our drive to business initiatives include category expansions where customers are realizing more value as we 
rationalize and expand assortments in pet supplies, hardware, healthcare, beauty and eyewear, as well as home and 
household products. Seasonal relevance, our storefronts change with the seasons. At Dollar Tree, we want to own the 
seasons at the $1 price point. 

Merchandise energy and the thrill of the hunt throughout the store, at Dollar Tree you'll always find an unexpected 
value. And being first-of-the-month ready, we place special emphasis on basic consumable core items at the beginning 
of each month when many customers are shopping for basic needs. 

Additionally, we're continuing the expansion of our frozen and refrigerated category. In the second quarter we installed 
freezers and coolers in 159 additional stores, for a total of 255 additional stores year to date. We currently offer frozen 
and refrigerated product in 3,875 stores, and we continue to grow. 

Frozen and refrigerated merchandise is generally lower margin but it's faster turning, more frequently purchased. And 
the increase in shopping frequency provides Dollar Tree the opportunity to drive incremental sales across all categories, 
including our higher-margin discretionary product. Most importantly, the product serves the needs of our customer. 

We continue to support planned growth by building infrastructure and distribution capacity ahead of the need. We 
recently began construction of Dollar Tree DC number 11, a 1.5 million square foot automated facility in Cherokee 
County, South Carolina. This facility will provide capacity and increased efficiency to support continued profitable 
store growth in the Southeastern and Mid-Atlantic U.S. We plan to have the facility operational in third quarter of 
2016. 

I'm extremely pleased with our company's accomplishments in the second quarter. Our Dollar Tree business continues 
to deliver operating margins that lead the value retail sector. Our customer base is large and growing. Both traffic and 
average ticket increased in the second quarter. 

We have an experienced and talented merchandising team that continues to do a tremendous job of finding and 
delivering terrific values to our customers with margins that meet our thresholds. In the second quarter, merchandise 
margin increased over the prior year. We announced and began construction on Dollar Tree DC 11, and we completed 
the acquisition of Family Dollar, immediately transitioning from integration planning to integration execution of the 
two companies. 

We have an incredible opportunity ahead of us as a combined organization. I am more enthusiastic than ever about the 
opportunity this merger presents for our customers, our suppliers, our associates, and our shareholders. With the 
successful completion of the acquisition of Family Dollar on July 6, we are now a much larger and more diverse 
organization, able to benefit from scale, and deliver even greater values. With more than 13,800 stores across North 
America, supported by a solid and scalable infrastructure, this combination provides the unique opportunity to leverage 
our multiple banners to better serve a broader range of customers while enhancing our ability to deliver long-term 


profitable growth for our shareholders. 

We have great confidence in our ability to deliver at least $300 million in annual run rate synergies by the end of the 
third year post-closing. These synergies will be driven through four primary avenues: sourcing and procurement; our 
re-banner program for optimizing store formats; distribution and logistics; and fourth, overhead and corporate SG&A. 
As previously stated, we expect to spend approximately $300 million in one-time costs to achieve these synergies. 

Our priority areas of focus for Family Dollar will be on, first of all, the customer. We will be evolving the merchandise 
assortments to increase value and better meet their needs; the customer experience, creating a more exciting, inviting 
and customer-friendly shopping environment; lowering field management turnover, supporting our store initiatives, and 
developing a more performance-based culture throughout the company; and increasing store productivity. We will be 
modifying assortments to improve sales and inventory productivity in existing stores while improving new store 
remodel and expansion performance. 

Our 100-day action plan includes seven key initiatives; first of all, communicating organizational leadership changes 
and establishing management cadence and coordination. As planned, effective on day one, Gary Philbin, my business 
partner for the past 15 years, took over as President and Chief Operating Officer at Family Dollar, and Mike Witynski 
was promoted to the role of Chief Operating Officer at Dollar Tree. 

Immediately, we began standing up workgroups and establishing a weekly and monthly cadence across banner 
meetings. We began defining coordinated merchandise planning and buying across banners. We are consolidating 
reporting and financial management tools. We have created a stub-year plan to align the Family Dollar calendar with 
the Dollar Tree retail calendar by the end of the year. 

We're developing a combined real estate review and approval process. Our goal is to put the right banner in the right 
location to best serve the customer and to ensure we're using an appropriate pro forma analysis with appropriate hurdle 
rates for profitability. We are completing our compensation and organization-leveling review, bringing both 
organizations to a common title hierarchy with a common compensation and benefit plan and a common calendar. 

Second, we immediately kicked off plans and processes to capture sourcing and procurement synergies. One of our 
largest synergy opportunities is using our size, scale, and efficiency to buy better. We currently spend about $10 billion 
on items for resale and another $3 billion for products and services we buy for use in the business. Immediately 
following closing, our merchandising teams met to share detailed cost information to identify and quantify specific 
opportunities and to develop a strategic action plan to obtain the best cost in both banners. 

The cost of goods sold initiative is focused in three primary areas. The first area is aligning exact-match products 
carried by both companies and obtaining the lowest cost for both banners. Second is a review of similar-match 
products. Here, our merchants are aligning specifications and combining purchasing power to reduce cost. Third is 
payment term parity, which will benefit the combined company with savings from harmonizing payment terms. The 
plans have been developed, the initiative has launched, and we're well on our way to achieving our goals of reducing 
cost of goods sold. 

Additionally, our procurement teams are addressing our indirect spend. These are items and services that we buy that 
are used in the business. The opportunity to use our size and efficiency to reduce cost is significant. These items and 
services have been grouped into waves to be addressed over time through a blend of negotiations, auctions, RFPs and 
formal bid processes. This process has also begun, and we're on track to achieve our first 100-day goals. 

Third, we have officially kicked off our store re-banner process. We are very excited about the opportunity to re-banner 
store locations to better serve our customers while improving the overall productivity of these individual stores. Our 
initial focus will be transforming hundreds of underperforming Family Dollar Stores into Dollar Tree stores. Using the 
Dollar Tree real estate model, we're reviewing underperforming Family Dollar Stores to determine if they would 
perform more profitability as Dollar Tree stores. 

Upon closing, we immediately began the process to re-banner four test stores. The test was to validate that we had all 
the necessary steps in place to facilitate a smooth conversion. The individual stores closed for approximately two weeks 


as we liquidate the Family Dollar merchandise, convert the décor, signing, and fixtures, train the store teams, and bring 
in the Dollar Tree inventory. These first four test stores reopened on August 1, less than four weeks following the 
completion of the acquisition. 

While very early in the process, these stores experienced successful grand openings as Dollar Tree stores. We have 
since re-bannered and opened 39 more, for a total of 43 stores as of last Friday, August 28, with similar grand opening 
results. Going forward, we've developed a list of stores to be re-bannered each week through the end of October. And 
assuming continued success, we will reengage these efforts in 2016. By the end of October, we expect to have more 
than 150 stores converted. We're very pleased with the process and with the early results. Feedback from customers in 
these markets has been positive. 

Fourth, in the first 100 days we plan to establish cross-organizational IT access and finalize our initial technology 
integration strategy. Both Dollar Tree and Family Dollar have very good technology platforms, and there are no 
significant gaps or immediate needs. Through our integration planning, we've developed a roadmap to strategically 
combine our technology over time. The timing of these changes will be driven by the size of achievable synergies 
versus the expected cost. 

Our current plan or roadmap includes four primary phases. Immediately in Phase 1, we're addressing back-office 
system consolidations. Phase 2 addresses system alignment related to transportation, workforce and HR support and 
business intelligence. Phase 3 addresses consolidation of core merchandising systems, including forecasting and 
replenishment. And Phase 4 addresses projects related to distribution center management, point of sale and real estate. 

Fifth, we're developing and initiating plans to better serve the Family Dollar customer and to build sales momentum. 
Raising the table stakes is a key priority and a significant opportunity in our integration efforts. Our first 100-day plans 
include clearing aged and non-productive inventory, while improving our in-stock position on everyday basis. This 
includes reclaiming prime space for impactful displays for our fourth quarter seasonal and promotional assortment and 
continuing the analysis of productivity by category. 

Sixth, we will be finalizing the supply chain roadmap and initiating the multi-banner supply chain project. Working 
with a cross-banner functional team and third party supply chain consultants, we're developing plans for integrating our 
warehouse management systems and making plans to rationalize the fleet of combined DCs, analyzing our space needs 
by banner and determining our ability to ship both banners out of each facility. This is a very large project with a very 
significant opportunity for long-term synergies. 

Seventh, we're further developing and initiating plans to reduce costs with a shared services model. Over time, we will 
be combining our efforts to support both banners with a shared service organization and human resources, finance, 
information technology, logistics, legal, strategy and audit. Our goal is to provide consistent, efficient support of our 
business initiatives across the combined organization, while reducing costs. 

This is a high level overview, some of the components of our 100-day action plan. There are some quick and easy wins 
here and some that will take a great deal of work. The timing of some will be dependent on our IT integration. Our 
strategy is not to touch everything at once, but to prioritize our areas of focus to get it right the first time and build the 
overall business for the long term. It is a process. It will take time, but the size of the price is worth it. 

Now I'll turn the call over to Kevin to provide more detail on our financial metrics and our outlook for 2015. 

Kevin S. Wampler 

Thanks, Bob, and good morning. 

As Bob mentioned, we were pleased with our overall performance for the second quarter. The Dollar Tree segment 
performed well within the range of guidance that we provided. As a result of the acquisition, year-over-year 
comparisons for the next four quarters will be more complex than normal, so there's no prior-year data for the Family 
Dollar segment. 


Total sales for the second quarter grew 48.3% to $3.01 billion, which includes four weeks of Family Dollar sales. 
Excluding the $812 million in Family Dollar sales, the Dollar Tree segment sales increased 8.3%. Same-store sales, on 
a constant-currency basis, increased 2.7% versus a strong 4.5% in the prior-year second quarter. The increase was 
driven by both traffic and ticket. 

Adjusted for the impact of Canadian currency fluctuations, same-store sales grew 2.4%. Please note, that all of the 
recently acquired Family Dollar stores and newly rebranded stores are considered new stores and are not included in 
our same-store sales calculation. 

Gross profit for the combined organization increased by $161.1 million, or 23.2%, to $855.2 million for the second 
quarter of 2015, compared to last year's quarter. The majority of the dollar increase was driven by Family Dollar's gross 
profit of $105.9 million. A few factors to note are, as a result of the purchase price allocation for the acquisition, a 
preliminary purchase accounting adjustment of $116.3 million was recorded for the step-up in basis of Family Dollar 
inventory to its fair value. 

Of this amount, $55 million is amortizable, of which $11.1 million was amortized during the second quarter to cost of 
goods sold and negatively impacted gross margin results. We expect an additional $38.1 million will be amortized to 
cost of goods sold over the remaining six months of 2015. During the second quarter, we also took a $60 million 
markdown reserve for SKU rationalization and planned liquidations related to Family Dollar inventory that will not be 
carried going forward. 

Gross profit margin for the Dollar Tree segment was 34.1% during the second quarter compared with 34.2% in the 
prior-year second quarter. The 10-basis-point decline, as a percent of sales, was driven by higher shrink in occupancy 
costs partially offset by improved merchandise costs. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses in the quarter for the combined organization increased 49.7% to $731.8 
million from $489 million in last year's second quarter. The majority of the $242.7 million increase related to $200.9 
million of Family Dollar expense, which included $6.5 million for the amortization of favorable lease rights recorded in 
connection with the acquisition and $6.5 million of additional depreciation for the harmonization of the combined 
company policies. 

For the second quarter, we incurred $17.7 million or 55 basis points of expenses related to the Family Dollar 
acquisition compared to $7.5 million or 35 basis points of acquisition expenses in the second quarter of 2014. 

As a percent of sales, SG&A expenses increased 20 basis points to 24.3% in the second quarter from 24.1% in the same 
quarter last year. Excluding acquisition costs, SG&A expenses, as a percent of sales, was consistent with the prior year 
at 23.7%. Adjusted SG&A expense for the Dollar Tree segment was $514.4 million, or 23.4% of sales. As a percent of 
sales, this represented a 30-basis-point improvement compared to the second quarter of 2014 adjusted SG&A expense 
for the Dollar Tree segment of 23.7%. The decrease was driven by improved store labor productivity, lower incentive 
comp and lower legal fees as a percent of sales. 

Operating income for the combined organization decreased to $123.4 million, compared with $205 million in the same 
period last year. This decrease is a result of lower gross profit margin and higher SG&A expenses as previously 
mentioned. Adjusted operating income for the Dollar Tree segment increased $22.4 million to $234.9 million, or 10.7% 
of sales, compared to 10.5% of sales in the prior-year second quarter. 

Non-operating expenses for the second quarter totaled $265.6 million and were comprised of the following. A $1.7 
million expense due to an unfavorable fair market value adjustment on diesel fuel swaps and net interest expense of 
$263.9 million in the quarter compared to $8.4 million in the prior-year second quarter. This increase included interest 
on the long-term debt for the acquisition, an $89.5 million breakage fee related to the prepayment of the Dollar Tree 
senior notes and a $39.5 million pre-payment fee related to the Term Loan B refinancing. A $17.4 million write-off of 
original issue discount and a $5.9 million write-off of deferred financing costs related to the Term Loan B refinancing. 
The quarterly run rate for interest expense going forward will be approximately $100 million, including deferred 
financing cost amortization. 


For the second quarter, the company had a net loss of $98 million or $0.46 per diluted share. Excluding 
acquisition-related adjustments, the company had net income of $53.5 million or $0.25 per diluted share. Adjusted net 
income for the Dollar Tree segment was $138.9 million, or $0.67 per adjusted diluted share, a 9.8% increase when 
compared to the reported adjusted earnings per share of $0.61 per diluted share in the prior year's second quarter. 

Effective tax rate for the second quarter was a benefit of 31.1% compared to an expense of 38.2% in the prior-year 
quarter. The decrease was primarily the result of the pre-tax income loss in the quarter and the non-deductible 
acquisition costs. 

Looking at the balance sheet and statement of cash flow, combined cash and cash equivalents at quarter-end totaled 
$1.3 billion compared to $467.7 million at the end of the second quarter of 2014. Inventory for the Dollar Tree segment 
at quarter-end was 6.7% greater than at the same time last year, while selling square footage increased 7.8%. 

Consolidated inventory per selling square foot decreased 1%. We believe that current inventory levels are appropriate 
to support scheduled new store openings and our sales initiatives for the third quarter. Consolidated capital 
expenditures were $100.1 million in the second quarter of 2015 versus $88.3 million in the second quarter of last year. 
For the full-year 2015, we are planning for consolidated capital expenditures to range from $600 million to $615 
million. Capital expenditures will be focused on new stores and remodels, including additional fee development stores, 
re-banner of select Family Dollar stores to Dollar Tree stores, the addition of frozen or refrigerated capability to 
approximately 425 Dollar Tree stores, up from the previous expectation of 320 stores, IT system enhancements and the 
construction of our new Cherokee County, South Carolina distribution center. 

Depreciation and amortization totaled $89.5 million for the second quarter versus $49.9 million in the second quarter 
last year. For 2015, we expect consolidated depreciation and amortization to range from $470 million to $490 million. 
This range includes increases over the traditional run rate of depreciation and amortization expense for Family Dollar 
for two items. First, it includes $46 million of depreciation above the historical run rate for Family Dollar as a result of 
harmonizing the depreciable lives of accounting policies of the two companies and the increase in the value of assets 
based on the purchase price allocation. Secondly, it includes $45 million for the amortization of favorable lease right 
for the purchase price valuation of Family Dollar leases. 

For the third quarter, we are forecasting total sales to range from $4.78 billion to $4.87 million. For the full-year of 
2015, we're now estimating total sales will range from $15.3 billion to $15.52 billion. Both of these estimates are based 
on low-single-digit same-store sales increase. 

Weighted average diluted share counts are assumed to be 235.7 million shares for Q3 and 223.5 million shares for the 
full-year. 

Our expectations for the Dollar Tree segment of our business in the back half have not materially changed from our 
original expectation as we entered the year. However, as a result of the recently completed acquisition, the significant 
integration initiatives and the divestiture process, we are not providing earnings per share guidance for the third quarter 
or full-year at this time. 

I would like to reiterate that our same-store sales calculation excludes recently acquired Family Dollar Stores and 
excludes stores that are re-bannered from Family Dollar to Dollar Tree. We will experience some degree of 
cannibalization to Dollar Tree comps as part of our re-banner efforts. This cannibalization expectation was planned and 
factored into both our re-banner strategy analysis and our outlook for same-store sales in the back half of 2015. 

I would like to briefly speak to the divestiture process. Related to our acquisition, we reached an agreement to divest 
330 Family Dollar stores to Sycamore Partners to satisfy the Federal Trade Commission's divestiture requirements. 
These 330 stores represent approximately $45.5 million in annual operating income. We're on schedule to close on the 
divestiture sale later this year. The closing of the divestiture transactions will not change our future net assets, because 
the net effect of the divestiture and Dollar Tree's assets and liabilities are reflected in the consolidated balance sheet in 
our Form 10-Q being filed today. 


The divestiture will have two effects on our future income. In addition to losing the operating income associated with 
these 330 stores, we also expect to incur $5 million to $10 million in transaction closing costs and set-up costs related 
to transition services. 

Over a period, expected to be no more than 24 months, we will be providing certain support in transition services and 
expect to be reimbursed by the buyer for these direct operating costs and support services. 

I'll now turn the call back over to Bob. 

Robert L. Sasser 

Thank you, Kevin. It's an exciting time for Dollar Tree. The strategic rationale for the Family Dollar acquisition is 
more compelling than ever. This is an extremely large and complex transaction involving more than 13,000 retail store 
locations and 23 distribution centers. The largest of any previous retail merger and it will take some time. It is early in 
the integration process and I'm more enthusiastic than ever about the long-term opportunity to provide substantially 
increased shareholder value. 

We have great confidence in our opportunity and ability to achieve at least $300 million in annual run rate synergies by 
the end of year three. These synergies will be achieved through a combination of lowering cost in both direct and 
indirect sourcing, banner optimization, logistics and overhead. We will employ a disciplined approach to driving key 
strategic initiatives to the combined organization through improved communication, analysis, collaboration and 
incentives. 

We're confident that in placing our initial emphasis in these areas can materially enhance operating performance of the 
Family Dollar brand through improvements in sales, margin, expense control and greater customer satisfaction. 

Before we go to Q&A, I'd like to introduce Gary Philbin to our call. Effective immediately upon closing, Gary took 
over as President and Chief Operating Officer at Family Dollar. This is a key role that had been vacant for about 18 
months, and the organization was in need of direction and leadership following a lengthy acquisition process. Many of 
you already know Gary. We've worked together improving and growing the Dollar Tree business for the past 15 years. 
And I have tremendous confidence in his ability as a retailer and as a leader. Gary? 

Gary M. Philbin 

Thank you, Bob, and good morning, everyone. 

First, let me say we are only eight weeks into the integration, and we are enthusiastic about the initial progress and this 
incredible opportunity ahead of us. I am pleased with the dedication and focus of the entire Family Dollar team. As you 
know, Family Dollar is a well established brand that has been successful for more than 50 years. I think our FD, Family 
Dollar, business is not broken. We simply need to roll up our sleeves, focus on what's important, and we have the work 
to do to polish up this well known brand. 

Bob provided a high-level strategic overview of our 100-day action plan. I would like to provide greater detail into the 
execution components and our areas of focus on improving the Family Dollar's customer's shopping experience. 

Our goal is to consistently provide great value, affordable prices, and relevant items in a store environment that is 
convenient, clean, reliable, and productive. To accomplish this goal, we are going to build on four basic fundamentals, 
great product value, well run stores, smart choices for our customers, and consistency of in-stocks on everyday items. 
Nothing I said here is new to retail. This is really Retail 101. We are focused on consistent execution combined with a 
relentless focus on our customer. 

It's important to understand that we will be making investments to improve what we refer to table stakes, and these 
investments will include delivering on the consistency of a clean-store benchmark, catching up on deferred 
maintenance, investing in the right amount of payroll to drive both productivity and enhance the customer experience, 


and improving the overall efficiency of our in-store processes. 

Importantly, we are kicking off a process to clear non-go-forward merchandise in the stores. So you're likely to see 
clearance activity over the next couple of months as we gear up for having our shelves stocked with basic everyday 
items and to show off our great seasonal product. This will have an impact on margins nearer term, but it's absolutely 
the right thing to do for our business in the long term. 

Before I turn the call back over to Bob, I just want to say again. I'm proud to be part of the Family Dollar team. I am 
pleased with the work being done. and I'm excited about the opportunities this will present both to our vendor 
community and our Family Dollar team members as we improve and grow the Family Dollar brand. 

Now, let me turn it back over to Bob. 

Robert L. Sasser 

Thank you, Gary. 

I want to close the prepared remarks by saying that the Dollar Tree business model is powerful, flexible. and more 
relevant than ever, providing extreme value to customers while recording record levels of earnings. Our model has been 
tested by time and validated by history. For 30 consecutive quarters, Dollar Tree has delivered positive same-store sales 
increases. Through good times and difficult times and all retail cycles, consumers are looking for value no matter the 
state of the economy. While our price point remains $1, our operating margin continues to lead the discount sector. 

With the addition of Family Dollar, we're a larger, stronger, and more diversified business, better able to serve more 
customers and more markets with exactly what they're looking for, great value in every store every day. And we have 
many years of growth ahead of us. 

Over the past three weeks, I've had the privilege to attend and present at both Family Dollar's Annual Leadership 
Conference and Dollar Tree's Annual Field Management Meeting. I could not be more proud of our combined 
organizations. Our field management and our leadership teams are talented, experienced, energized, and incredibly 
motivated. 

Operator, we are now ready for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions] And our first 
question, we'll hear from Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: Good morning, guys, Scot Ciccarelli, a couple things. Can you help us better understand the 
moving pieces on the Family Dollar side? It looks like even after adjusting for the charges, Kevin, that you outlined, 
gross margins were dramatically lower than their historical run rate. So whether it's giving us year-over-year 
comparable figures or a way to build up a bridge to what might be a go-forward run rate number. Thanks. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: I think the big thing we've got to keep in mind is there are some geography differences in 
the way we have historically reported our gross profit and the way that Family Dollar has. So you've got to remember, 
within our gross margin, we have occupancy and distribution costs up there. So that change has been made to Family 
Dollar's reporting on a go-forward basis. So that's probably the biggest difference that you would see from a 
comparability standpoint from what it traditionally had been reported as, Scot. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: Okay. And then – okay, I'll follow up on that. And then also, as you guys think about Family 
Dollar, maybe this is for Gary, it's obviously been an underperforming asset for the last couple years. It sounds like you 


guys have a lot of go-forward opportunities to fix the business deep into the plans. But when you think about the 
profitability opportunity of that entity on a standalone basis, do you guys have some sort of medium-term or a 
long-term profitability targets for the Family Dollar segment? 

<A - Gary M. Philbin>: Hey, Scot. Thank you. I would just say this. We know the synergy piece that we're working 
on, and this is going to be a bit of a marathon, not a sprint. But the same thing that we've talked about over the years at 
Dollar Tree play pretty nicely into Family Dollar. And I would just go back to some of the basics we're working on. We 
are walking the assortments in the store four-feet by four-feet to get the assortment right. We are taking a look at store 
operations to understand how do we improve the processes that drive productivity. We're going to take a very hard look 
at all of our expense lines so that we can fund those things so we can invest in the customer experience. So it's really 
just connecting the same dots you've heard us preach over the years here at Dollar Tree, and those are going to be the 
levers we push to drive to the bottom line. 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Scot, I'd just like to add to that. You've mentioned short term versus long term. And I will tell 
you this is – we're going to manage this in the short term, but it's the long-term vision that I'm really excited about. It 
wasn't that long ago that Family Dollar's margins were in the 8% and higher range operating margin. And certainly, 
those are in our near-term sights over the next few years. 

In the long term, there are others in the sector that are operating at 11% – 12% operating margin. I don't think the 
operating margin will be as high as the Dollar Tree operating margin because of the nature of our business and the 
nature of our consumable versus non-consumable and discretionary business. But, certainly, it can be up there amongst 
others in the discount value sector. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: So, Bob, just to clarify, did you say you would expect or believe you can get the Family Dollar 
business to an 8% margin over the next few years as you guys integrate it? 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: I'll just say that it wasn't that many years ago that it was at that. So certainly, one of our first 
goals is to get it from where it is now up to where it has been in recent years. And then past that, there's no reason why 
we can't polish this thing up and get it back to its proper place, which would be up there at the top with others of the 
same type business. 

<Q - Scot Ciccarelli>: Got you, all right. Thanks a lot, guys. 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And next we'll move to Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Stephen W. Grambling>: Hey, thanks for taking the question. I think previously you'd mentioned a low to 
mid-single-digit accretion to cash EPS in the first year from the acquisition. So I guess, it would now be fiscal 2016. Is 
that still on the table? Or has anything changed in your thought process as you've been able to maybe open the kimono 
a bit? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: As we look at that on a go-forward basis, we stated that back in July of 2014. Obviously, 
things took, obviously, a lot longer to close the deal than would have been expected when we made that. The Family 
Dollar business deteriorated a little bit over that timeframe. But time will tell. We don't think it's not possible. There's a 
lot of moving pieces. 

I think the other thing you got to remember is long term, we're really more worried about what the acquisition does for 
the long term. So we'll have to see. I don't exactly know today if it will be. There's a lot of moving pieces. Obviously, 
we spoke to a lot of things today about some of the short-term effects from a purchase accounting standpoint, some of 
those things. And again, some of those are non-cash. Some of those do go through the P&L as a regular charge. So a lot 
of moving pieces. And that's what makes it as complex as it is as we go forward from a comparison standpoint. 


<Q - Stephen W. Grambling>: Okay, thanks. And I guess one other clarification. Just on the Family Dollar business, 
is there anything you can talk to in terms of the underlying health and trajectory of that business and how that's factored 
into the sales plan for the year? Thanks so much. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: As we looked at it from a sales perspective, as the Family Dollar team look at that business, 
I think it's really consistent with the guidance we gave of a low-single-digit comp gain. That's really for the Dollar Tree 
side, because the comps – the Family Dollar stores are not comp. But I think in the back of our mind, there's no reason 
why they can't, in a sense, focus and perform at a level like that going forward. 

So I mean, I think that's just the general nature. We expect improvement. Obviously, we've got to go through some 
processes. We talked about the fact that $60 million reserve to clean up the inventory for non-go-forward items. So 
there'll be a process there. We hope that that obviously opens up shelf space as we go forward for the seasonal goods as 
we go into the fourth quarter and other items that we believe are important to the assortment as we go forward. So a lot 
of work being done, a lot of moving pieces. 

<Q - Stephen W. Grambling>: Thanks so much. Good luck in the back half. Looking forward to seeing that 8% 
margin. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Not in the back half. 

Operator 

And we'll move on to Matt Nemer with Wells Fargo. 

<Q - Matt Nemer>: Good morning, everyone. Given your comments about the product value that you're looking to 
install in the FDO stores, I'm wondering if you think that the FDO merchandise margins need to be structurally lower 
than they have been in the past. 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: I'll say that I don't know that they need to be structurally lower. I think it's all about the 
assortment, to some degree, serving that value customer. A lot of things go into that. First of all, being competitive on 
name brands for same items between our company and others. We need to do that, as always. That's just, sort of, one of 
the table stakes. And perhaps there, it's about the mix. It's how do you create value, especially, for that low-income 
customer. There's a big opportunity with private label, there's a big opportunity for control label, there's a big 
opportunity for product development to create even more value for that low-end customer. 

So as we speak of serving a low-end customer and bring value to that customer, there's more than one way to do it. And 
it's not all about the price on name brand products. It's, in many ways, about understanding that customer, giving them 
what they need. Sometimes, it's a lower retail item. That doesn't speak to the margin, though. It speaks to the opening 
price point for that customer. So, no, I won't tell you that I expect Family Dollar margins to be lower, because we're 
serving the value customer. I think it's all about the way we bring value to that customer. 

<Q - Matt Nemer>: Okay, that's helpful. And then, just a quick follow-up, could you talk to the stability of the FDO 
store managers and the field teams now that you're into the integration process? 

<A - Gary M. Philbin>: We actually had a chance. So timing is everything, but we had a chance to – with Bob and 
myself get in front of the entire district manager, leadership team at the beginning of August. So we had a great 
opportunity to lay out. The elements are important to us and what we need short-term to focus on as we head into the 
holidays. So it's really a great opportunity to talk about what we need to do. And, of course, store manager turnover is 
on our radar and something that we need to improve at Family Dollar. 

And so those issues and elements were laid out in front of the entire group. I would tell you they are encouraged, 
they're positive, they're enthusiastic to move forward. And I think that's going to carry over to the stores. And clearly, 
some of the things that we're going to invest in over time in the facilities and address issues that make us more 
productive are the types of things that benefit store managers. 


So I'm encouraged. I think our folks have taken the opportunity and are going to carry it forward for us. And I would 
expect to see improvement on store manager turnover, which does a lot of good things for us over the long term. 

<Q - Matt Nemer>: That's great. Very helpful. Thank you. 

Operator 

And next we'll move on to Michael Lasser with UBS. 

<Q - Michael Louis Lasser>: Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. So aside from some of the 
inventory dynamics that you mentioned, what else is going to impact your outlook from a profitability perspective in 
the second half of the year? Because I think it is complex and the fact that it is being left so open-ended may offer the 
impression that there is too many moving pieces for even the company to project. So how can the investment 
community be expected to forecast profitability. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: I think in Gary's prepared remarks, he touched on some of the items as you think about the 
moving pieces that are still under consideration, when you think about the fact that we've only truly been under the 
hood for eight weeks. But Gary talked about investments in a cleaner store and the benchmarks appropriately. Cleaning 
up deferred maintenance and making sure the stores are taken care of appropriately, determining what the right level of 
payroll is in this model to drive productivity and create a more profitable store at the end of the day. 

So there are still a lot of moving pieces just from the integration side. And then you have as well, as I said, you have 
timing on the divestiture process side as well. At some point in time, these 330 stores will be – that are currently 
included in our base will go away. And then, we also have costs around that to help support that as we said. And so the 
timing of those costs are not as able to be tied down maybe as tight at this moment as we'd like. 

So there is a lot of moving pieces. I think we know what they are, but it does create a little more uncertainty in creating 
a number. I mean, we've taken great pride in being able to provide credible guidance. And that's important to us. And 
we want to make sure that we have the best information to make this – to be able to make that and give that to you at 
the end of the day. 

<Q - Michael Louis Lasser>: So my follow-up is going to be a two-part follow-up. Based on those comments, it 
sounds like the prior guidance for core Dollar Tree remains relatively intact on the profitability side. And the guidance, 
your commentary on the guidance, also suggests that core Dollar Tree is probably going to do a 1% to 1.5% comp in 
the second half of the year to get to a low-single-digit comp for the year. And it also sounds like that's what it did in 
June and July based on what you were indicating that may have done. So my question is, A), core profitability for 
Dollar Tree intact; and B), why might you be expecting a 1% to 1.5% comp for core Dollar Tree moving forward? And 
is that what we should expect longer term? Thank you. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: Sure. Look, you're correct on the core Dollar Tree profitability. As I said in our prepared 
remarks, our viewpoint on really the guidance we gave for Dollar Tree, the most updated guidance, which would have 
been at the end of Q1 really hasn't materially changed from that point in time. Our view on the world has not really 
changed. As it relates to your question on comp, obviously, we don't give a specific range by number value. But 
low-single-digit is a wider range than 1.5%. So I don't know that we would expect a 1.5% at the end of the day. So I 
think that would be how we would answer that question. 

<Q - Michael Louis Lasser>: Okay, thank you so much and good luck. 

Operator 

And next, we'll move on to Dan Wewer with Raymond James. 

<Q - Dan R. Wewer>: Bob, I know that there is a lot of science involved in determining locations for Dollar Tree 
stores. When you look at the Family Dollar stores that have been selected for conversions, how would you characterize 


the quality of their locations by Dollar Tree standards? And do you think those stores have the potential to generate the 
same sales per square foot and operating margin rate that an average Dollar Tree store achieves? Or would you expect 
these converted stores to be somewhat below Dollar Tree profit standards? 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Dan, I would tell you that the first – the Family Dollar site locations, I think that they've got 
good site locations. Some of them, they're a little off the mark. And they're underperforming for that reason. As you 
know that over the past few years, I think they opened up a few more in suburban locations than maybe normal. I don't 
know what normal was, but it seemed like in what I've been told is that they were aiming more suburban locations. 

We see more suburban locations. And as we run those lower-performing stores, we're binding some of those rural and 
suburban locations that are underperforming; that when we run through our model, they turn out to be good Dollar Tree 
stores. And good Dollar Tree stores meet our Dollar Tree criteria for opening a new Dollar Tree store. These are sites 
that we would open as a Dollar Tree new store and we've been looking at those locations. 

So what we're taking is the lower-performing stores. They're either lower performing because they're maybe a little off 
the Family Dollar mark, they're lower-performing because maybe the model, the pro-formas weren't exactly in line. 
And by the way, with our Dollar Tree margin, we can make a lot of money in a location. Our margins are much higher 
than the Family Dollar margins. Our mix of product is much different than the Family Dollar product. 

So long answer to your question, but these are – we're looking at these being good Dollar Tree stores. We're taking 
lowest-performing and low-performing Family Dollars, converting them into good Dollar Tree stores. Some of them 
are going to be breakout home runs, amongst the best of our Dollar Tree stores on a sales per foot. And some of them 
are likely going to be underperforming the first year. I believe that the breakout home runs will outweigh – we're early 
in this – but I believe the breakout home runs will outweigh the underperformers. And that most of them are going to 
be right there in the middle, hitting whatever we expected from a Dollar Tree store. 

It's only been a few weeks. We've only had some grand openings so far. But I will tell you I'm pleased with the grand 
opening. And I visited the first four test stores. When we opened them, I visited all four of them. And they look like 
Dollar Tree stores and they look like Dollar Tree locations and they're in Dollar Tree towns. Customers were pleased to 
see our Dollar Tree open up in the place of the Family Dollar. So I'm expecting to be at least as good as a Dollar Tree 
new store. 

<Q - Dan R. Wewer>: This is a follow-up question. After the acquisition was first announced – it seems like 10 years 
ago, but you talked about the opportunities of better buying leverage, common vendors. But it really wasn't until after 
the closing on July 6 that you were able to study the Family Dollar purchasing file, if I am correct. Did it turn out that 
the buying leverage would be greater than what you have been talking about over the last year? Or did it turn out both 
companies were very effective in buying and maybe there's not going to be as much upside as anticipated? 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Yeah. I think it's at least as good in the near term, and I think there may be even more 
opportunity in the long term. And where I'm coming from is we sort of knew in the near term and we got very quickly 
to that exact-match number. That's just a matter of running the files and seeing which items are exactly the same and 
what's the – who is paying the lowest price. Somebody's paying – you're either paying the same or somebody's paying 
lower, if you're paying lower, then we believe that both of us deserve that lower cost. So that was pretty much as we 
thought it would be. 

The big I think power going forward in addition to that is going to be into the like items, not exactly the same items, but 
they're close. It may be a private-label item that we compared to and specs were a little different. So by aligning the 
specs and putting that out for bid, if it's a basic item, we think – we know we can drive some more value by combining 
our buying power of these two large businesses on those; and through product development, just leveraging our buying 
power to develop product for our stores, whether it's Dollar Tree or Family Dollar or both. 

So, huge opportunities continuing on the buying side. The near term is the exact match. The near-match or the close 
match, like items I guess, is taking a little bit longer, but it may even be a bigger part of the synergy as we go forward. 
And then not to forget all the things that we buy that we don't sell. We just buy them in expense items and services and 
things that we buy to use. That's about $3 billion that we have to work with. And every dollar we save on expenses 


drops right straight to the bottom line. 

<Q - Dan R. Wewer>: Just a real quick question. Do you intend going forward to continue breaking out the Dollar 
Tree core business separately as you get into the second quarter? 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: We will try to give color. If you look at the 10-Q, there is segment reporting. Even in the 
press release, there's segment reporting. So we will report on two segments. We'll have the Dollar Tree banner and we'll 
have the Family Dollar banner. So we will have segment reporting going forward. So we'll give you a good idea of how 
things are performing. 

<Q - Dan R. Wewer>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

Next we'll move on to Paul Trussell with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Paul E. Trussell>: Good morning. Bob, you just spoke a bit to buying power and the opportunity there. Can you 
just clarify for us on the merchant team? Are those merchants still staying separate? And also, how should we think 
about the category mix within FDO, or should we expect meaningful changes there? And then lastly, on that same 
point, as we think about the cadence of the $300 million in synergies, can you help us with what's a prudent assumption 
for year one, and what is the main driver of those year-one synergy? 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Paul, first of all, the buying teams are staying separate. We have a terrific Dollar Tree buying 
team that understands and is focused on delivering tremendous value to our Dollar Tree customer for a $1 price and 
that margins that we are pleased to have. We have at Family Dollar a separate team focused on that lower income 
customer, the needs-based customer, more of a consumer products customer, 70%-ish something like that is consumer 
products. 

So the buying teams are staying separate. We're connecting them at the top through merchandise managers and 
divisional vice presidents in that area. We're coordinating our buying with vendors. We're coordinating the activities on 
items and comparing buying plans and merging those as we go on to buying trips as we go to Asia, as we go to market 
and wherever it is, New York, going to shows and that kind of thing. 

So a lot of coordination, but I believe it's very important to keep the focus clearly on the Family Dollar banner. We 
intend to continue opening up Family Dollar stores as well as Dollar Tree stores. Sometimes, they're pretty close to 
each other. So I'd like to be able to do that and have a difference in the banners, when you walk inside, have a 
difference in the merchandise assortment. So the merchandise assortment at Family Dollar is evolving. It will be 
changing, as I've discussed in the past. 

The synergies – I think we've said in the past 25% of the synergies in first year. We think we can get up to 75% of them 
by the end of the second full year, and then 100% by the end of three full years. So that's something like, what, $75 
million, $150 million, $75 million, something like that. $150 million additional in the second year. So $75 million, 
$225 million, and $300 million, if you look at it that way. The early synergies are across the board. There are going to 
be a lot of sourcing and procurement. There will be some in banner optimization. I've said that we're going to do over 
150 banner, new re-bannering stores this year. So that's a real number. 

Overhead, we're working through that in every segment of our business. Some of that's going to be driven by our 
information technology integration. Some of it requires the integration of the technology. For example, in logistics and 
the ability to ship both banners out of every building is going to require a lot of technology help. So that will be 
probably later in the process. Earlier in the process are the things about overhead and improvements in SG&A through 
better – more efficient procurement and through buying power. 

<Q - Paul E. Trussell>: That's very helpful, thank you for the color. And just quickly going back to Dollar Tree 
standalone, and I think Mike Lasser touched on this earlier. But could you just help us better understand the revision in 
the same-store sales guidance from the low single digit to low mid-single digit to now, I think, just low single digit 


guidance for the full year, what's the nature of that revision? And if you can, give us some understanding on the 
cadence of the comp through the second quarter and any early comments on back-to-school. 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: I can give you a little color on the cadence of the comps. I initially said in the prepared 
remarks that May, driven by couple of terrific holidays, Mother's Day, Memorial Day, you have that seasonal energy, 
that holiday excitement, so that drove the highest comps for us. June wasn't far behind. July was running pretty much 
consistent. We did lose a first-of-the-month to an end-of-July week. So some of that business slid forward. Anytime the 
first of the month falls on the weekend, then the checks come out in a different cadence. In this case versus last year, 
they all came out – the first and the third came out last year. This year, only the first checks came out. So there was a 
little slide in that final week of July. But overall, it was fairly consistent through the quarter. And again, every time 
there's a great holiday, we have a lot of energy in our Dollar Tree stores, and you see more traffic and you see more 
sales from the holiday. 

Back-to-school started well. It's not over. One of the things that we experience and as well as all of retail, I guess, right 
now is Labor Day is a week later. Labor Day drives a lot of things in the retail business. It drives seasonal sales, it's the 
end of the summer, I guess. The pools close end of the summer for retailers and for customers. And that's when a lot of 
the schools start. Some schools run year-round I realize, some start different times. But still a large percentage of 
schools start after Labor Day. That's a week later this year. So the sales cadence on our back-to-school looks good, but 
we still haven't finished with back-to-school yet. So we'll be finishing that up this weekend. It should be a terrific 
weekend in our Dollar Tree stores. If you have one near, drop in, you'll see a lot of sidewalk sales and summer 
excitement and all that goes with ending the summer season, as well as getting ready to go back to school. 

Operator 

And we'll move on to Meredith Adler with Barclays. 

<Q - Meredith Adler>: Hey, thanks very much for taking my question. Is there anything – when you look at Family 
Dollar, I know you said that the delay in getting the deal approved kind of put a little pressure on Family Dollar and 
made the result softer. But is there anything that you've seen that comes as a surprise, specifically a negative surprise? 

And I guess I would go back to the question that was just asked. It does seem like your guidance for the second half for 
Dollar Tree's comp is a little bit softer. Is there anything – is that right softer than what it was? And is there anything 
you would point to that would explain why you feel that's going to be the case? Thanks. 

<A - Kevin S. Wampler>: No, Meredith, as you look at the – people seem to be a little hung up at the moment on this 
comp guidance. I would tell you that the total sales related to Dollar Tree for the year have changed an immaterial 
amount within the guidance compared to where they were a quarter ago. So, the one thing we did state in our prepared 
remarks was the fact that there is some cannibalization from the re-bannered stores and we are, as Bob said, doing over 

150. And there's some cannibalization we'll feel from those and that may make us round down from a mid-single digit 
to a low-single digit. But I mean on an overall basis, as I said, we've not materially changed the way our view is on the 
Dollar Tree business for the back half. 
<Q - Meredith Adler>: Good. That is what I was thinking you were saying, but people didn't seem to be hearing it. 
Maybe you could just comment on, then, Family Dollar. Is there anything that has surprised you, either positive or 
negative, since you've really gotten into it? 

<A - Gary M. Philbin>: Hi, Meredith, this is Gary. Since I'm on the ground there, I would say; listen, I'm enthusiastic 
because there's all the opportunities that we thought were there are there. And it's really a matter of getting them in 
cadence and teeing them up and knocking them down. And I would say there's nothing on the negative side. We knew 
going in, how do you enhance the customer experience, that's investing in some labor, that's investing in some store 
facilities, those are big projects for us. And so we are going to be measured and disciplined and very prescriptive on 
how we do that. And that's really the effort that we're putting together now to really lay out a timeline on how we can 
do the things that show customers it's a better shopping experience because we have better in-stocks, we've a better 


facility and we have team members engaged the way we like. And it's really just the nuts and bolts of retail and it's 
what we're focused on week-in, week-out down at Family Dollar right now. 

<Q - Meredith Adler>: That's great. Lots of luck. Thank you. 

Operator 

And we do have time for one more question. Next, we'll hear from Dan Binder with Jefferies. 

<Q - Daniel Thomas Binder>: Hi, Dan Binder. Just going back to the sales plan for a minute, I was wondering if you 
could give us a little bit of color on how disruptive it is when you close the stores and have to convert them. Four 
weeks, it sounds like, is kind of what it was recently. Is that what you're planning for the balance of the year on the 
stores that are remaining? 

And then, within the Family Dollar business, I realize you are not reporting the comp today for their period, but I was 
curious, when you think about the go-forward plan, kind of what's that underlying organic growth that we're assuming 
short term. 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Dan, the first re-bannered stores, the four that we re-bannered that we started immediately 
after we closed July 6. We had them completely re-bannered and opened within 26 days. So, 30 days is kind of what 
we're aiming at. Basically, we close them – we go through a process ahead of time where we're selling through and 
liquidating the Family Dollar inventory. We then close down for about two weeks – two more weeks to re-merchandise 
the store, get the rest of the merchandise out of there, get the old fixtures out, get the new fixtures in if there are any 
needed. Not always, sometimes we're using the same fixtures. Get the new sign packages in, the new décor package 
and re-merchandise the store. So, it's about a one-month process. Now, some of it starts ahead of time because we've 
identified the stores now ahead of time and we know which ones we're going to do by month. So, we do have a 
pre-closing clearance sale. Gary? 

<A - Gary M. Philbin>: Dan, just for the first four stores, because we could not start markdowns until we closed the 
transaction, they were accelerated. And so the stores that we've identified in the future give us a longer runway to 
appropriately do the markdowns. So, the first four – the only difference was we had to do this in a very short window. 
The teams were able to accomplish that and we got to the finish line. You'll see a more measured timeline on the 
markdowns in the future. 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: There was another part of the question I'm trying to... 

<Q - Daniel Thomas Binder>: The other part of the question was sort of the organic growth for Family Dollar Stores 
as we think about the full-year guidance. 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: I will tell you they were positive in July, comp positive in July. But they are new stores for 
us, so it's less of a comp story now and more of a productivity story. And obviously, we're going to be going through a 
lot of changes in the remainder of the year. We're so excited about cleaning up the stores. We're so excited about going 
through the process of rationalizing the assortment, getting rid of old and aged inventory, and then replacing that in the 
space that's opened up from that with a new seasonal product, new promotional product, new high-value product in the 
stores, and what that will do for the customers in this all-important fourth quarter, we want our customers to see 
something different. 

Gary, would you like to... 

<A - Gary M. Philbin>: The short term is for us to get very clearly in front of cleaning up some of the old 
non-go-forward merchandise, so that we can have merchandise on end-caps and the best seasonal impact as we can 
going into the important holiday season. From the standpoint of store growth, initially there was a number out there 
around 550 on Family Dollar for their fiscal year. Appropriately, that dropped down to about 300. So, we have slowed 
down store growth as we take a look under the hood; take a look at the assortments to drive sales per square foot. I'm 
sitting in on every real estate meeting to identify really what's the strategy, where is it working, or do we need to 


recalibrate. And so, we'll take a look on both sides of that ledger. Where does Family Dollar work best? And really 
more than anything, how do we find the right, compelling assortments and our operational initiatives to drive higher 
sales productivity. 

<Q - Daniel Thomas Binder>: And then just as a follow-up, can you give us a little more color on how many stores 
you ultimately plan to convert? And as you go through this integration, slower Family Dollar store growth makes sense. 
I'm just curious as you think about the next two years, beyond this year; I think you just said 300 for this year. What 
would you anticipate that to look like? 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Dan, it's 150 – more than 150 this year, as many as we can get done between now and the end 
of October. Obviously, we want to stop at that point and pay attention to our fourth quarter business, and then we'll 
pick up again next year. I have really not quantified the total number because there is still a work in progress there. It's 
hundreds, I've said it's hundreds, and I believe it's hundreds of stores that will have the opportunity. There is – the 
analysis is ongoing. As we go through more analysis, we'll get more firm direction. The 150-plus number for this year 
was a new number for you. But as far as how many for next year, we'll share that as we get a little more certainty on the 
locations and where those are going to be. 

<Q - Daniel Thomas Binder>: That was really a two-part question. I'm sorry if I confused you. The 300, I was talking 
about new store openings for Family Dollar. I was just curious what that would look like during the integration period 
as you consider growth for the Family Dollar format next year and the third year? 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Obviously, we've pulled back until we can get our more productive new-store model, a more 
productive merchandise assortment in the stores. We don't want to be investing in opening a lot of new stores until we 
know that we're going to have – what the model is and that has great success. So, in the near term, we've pulled back, 
as Gary described, and we'll pull back to – when I say pull back, from peak numbers that Family Dollar has done; next 
year will be a pull-back year also. 

Past that, I think we got to say that as we get more confidence in the new model, we'll ramp it back up. It's there to be 
done. There's plenty of room for the Family Dollar Stores. We're excited about what we can do with it. We just – we 
need this time for the rest of this year and probably next year in order to get confidence that the new model – we'll open 
up stores, but it won't be the peak numbers that we've seen in the past. But we need a little confidence that the new 
models are going to hit the pro formas. 

<Q - Daniel Thomas Binder>: Great, thank you. 

<A - Robert L. Sasser>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And that will conclude today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. 
Randy Guiler for any additional or closing remarks. 

Randy Guiler 

Thank you, Rochelle, and thank you for joining us for today's call and for your continued interest in Dollar Tree. Our 
next quarterly earnings conference call is scheduled for November 24. Thank you and have a good day. 

Operator 

And that will conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation. 


This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


