Q4 2013 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Unidentified Speaker 
• David Myers, Vice President of Investor Relations 
• George Paz, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
• Cathy Smith, Chief Financial Officer 
• Tim Wentworth, President 
• Steve Miller, Senior Vice President & Chief Medical Officer 
• Glen Stettin, Senior Vice President, Clinical, Research & New Solutions 
Other Participants 

• Unidentified Participant 
• Glen Santangelo, Analyst 
• Ricky Goldwasser, Analyst 
• John Kreger, Analyst 
• Tom Gallucci, Analyst 
• Peter Costa, Analyst 
• David Larsen, Analyst 
• Anthony Vendetti, Analyst 
Presentation 

Unidentified Speaker 

Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Vice President of Investor Relations, David Myers. 

David Myers, Vice President of Investor Relations 

Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Express Scripts Investor day. I'm David Myers, I head up Investor Relations. 
Really appreciate this great turnout this morning. In fact, I really appreciate the feedback investors have given us. One 
of the things you clearly asked for was an Investor Day, we're really excited to be here to talk about our vision for the 
future. 

As you see, we have a full agenda this morning. It's divided into three sections. First part, we're going to review our 
fourth quarter results, our '14 guidance, outlook for the future. 

On the stage with me to do that is George Paz, our CEO; Tim Wentworth, our President; Cathy Smith, our new CFO; 
Matt Harper, VP of Finance and was our Interim CFO; and Chris Knibb, our Controller. 

After their presentation, they'll take some questions before we move into the second portion of the morning. Tim 
Wentworth will talk about our client positioning and our strategies to win in this marketplace, grow shares, drive value 
to our clients and value to our stockholders. Tim will take questions before we move into a break. And then after the 
break, we'll finish up with our two doctors, Dr. Staten [ph] and Dr. Miller talking of why Express Scripts, our superior 
clinical platform and how we're going to grow (inaudible) specialty and formulary and other tools we offer. George will 
finish up with some concluding remarks and then we invite you to lunch with us after the meeting. 


Before I begin, I have to say that statements we make today may be forward-looking and involve certain risks and 
uncertainties. For a listing of factors that could cause actual results to differ from what we talk about today can be 
found in our recent SEC filings. 

Also I'll have to say that numbers we talk about today will be on an adjusted basis and for a reconciliation of GAAP to 
the adjusted numbers and also EBITDA to net income can be found in our press release, which is in front of your 
tables, also posted on our website. 

Also, the presentation deck will be posted on our website at the conclusion of today's meetings, it'll have footnotes, 
appendixes and it will have all the reconciliations I just mentioned. 

So with that, I'm going to turn the meeting over to George Paz. 

George Paz, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

Well, good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today in New York. We really appreciate the opportunity to 
get to present to you this morning and talk about Express Scripts. As you know, over the last five years we have been 
diligently working at integrating some major acquisitions. Back in 2009, we acquired NextRx from WellPoint which 
really embarked for us on our strategy to have a very strong presence in the healthcare market, which we believe is 
critical to our long-term success and opportunities as that it really will be our direct access to individuals. 

Since then, of course, we bought Medco and we spent the last several years putting that company together. On January 
1st we moved our last year of lives from our old Express Scripts platform into our destination platform. That was a 
huge monumental event for us as we are now on one platform. 

We're going to talk a little bit about that through the course of the day and how important that is. But when you think 
about the amount of money it takes and the amount of effort and resources in order to stay compliant with Medicare 
rules and regulations, the changing environment as we look at healthcare reform, we believe being on one platform 
provides for us the nimbleness and the opportunity to meet our clients' needs in a most cost-effective basis, and we'll 
get into more of that detail as we go through today. 

What I hopefully accomplish for you this morning is a couple of things. In the spring of last year, we did an Investor 
Day in order to get some more thoughts from you about our company of what would make your investment decisions 
easier. And we heard several things. And I think we've already acted on quite a few of them, including having today's 
meeting, our Investor Day. 

But in addition to that, there was a lot of questions and concerns, are we a one trick pony, if you will; are we just a 
generics company. We hope to address that head-on and explain to you what generics mean to us, what they mean to 
our clients and our patients. And it is an important component of our profitability, it's a very important component of 
what's driving down drug trends. But just as important, it's all the other things we do, which we'll get into that really 
add value for our clients. 

And then, of course, the question is if you're more than just a generic company, what are your sources of profits and 
how do you make your money? 

We hope to give a little more clarity around that, we'll break down our earnings growth stream into its component 
pieces. And I think what's important there is you can see how it's changed over time. As all big important thriving 
companies you don't stand still, you don't stay status quo, we have to change over time as our environment changes. 

And lastly, there's been a lot of questions about specialty. Specialty is a huge opportunity for us, our industry, and quite 
frankly, for the patients. So as new medications come out on a continuous basis, very high-cost products, and how we 
manage those drugs, how we make sure the right doses, the right medicine gets into the right individuals' hands to treat 
their illness without over-prescribing or running up costs is important. 


But if we could highlight just level set for just a minute and talk a little bit about the PBM industry. Often the question 
comes in, anybody can dispense a generic; so what value do you guys really add? If once a generic -- once we're up to 
80%, 90% generic fill rates, why have a PBM? I think if you took the time and went and talk to some large employers, 
their benefit managers inside the company, the person who runs the programs for them; you'll see the complexity that 
they have to face. Companies today, as you know -- as the CEO of a large corporation, we're facing some fairly 
uncertain economic times. 

And we've constantly looked at our cost structures to figure out what's really adding value long term to our customers 
in the case of manufacturers, retailers and others, what's adding value to their customers. 

You can hire a big staff of people to sit there and run a lot of numbers and try to figure out what the optimal benefit 
design should look like, formularies, understand the new markets coming to -- new products that are coming to market, 
how you change co-pays, what impact will that have on overall medical trends as well as drug trends, very complex 
stuff. 

Most companies aren't going to do that. Most companies don't go out and try to hire up those departments. What they 
do is they hire a PBM. PBMs come in and they help them understand the demographics of their employee base, they 
understand how those benefit designs are going to ultimately affect their people; depending on the type of employees 
they have whether they're high-cost, high-skilled wage earners or whether they're low-skilled, low-cost wage earners 
has a big impact on the type of benefits you're going to roll out. 

If you got unions, if you got multiple unions, how do those negotiations happen over time? Of course, many union 
workers rightfully saw, want a very low cost benefit, they want that as part of their package. 

On the other side of the equation, the company has got to try to compete in a global market and keep its overall cost per 
headcount down as low as possible in the most effective way. 

Our people are in with our clients on a daily basis, working with them and helping them set those targets, set the right 
client designs, understand when new drugs come to market, who should have access, what are the criteria for when 
somebody should give access, which of those dosing be -- you probably know every time a new product comes to a 
market especially a highly used product television stations get flooded with the commercials, doctors get flooded with 
detail reps in order to try to get the conversion to that new product. Sometimes those products are very needed, 
sometimes they're very useful, other times they're being prescribed, and there's other much cheaper alternatives. Our 
people sit side by side with our clients in order to make those decisions. PBMs, in my opinion, have a very, very 
important role in trying to control costs and take care of the welfare of our membership, the clients' employees. But in 
addition to that, we should ask why Express Scripts? 

When you think about our last couple of mergers and the position we put us in, we are the largest prescription benefit 
manager out there. We have the largest amount of cloud. Well, cloud is very important. If you think back years and 
years ago, for those of you that have been in this industry a long time, the biggest player out there was PCS, those who 
are remembering old names, lot of scripts, very low EBITDA, because their focus was on adjudicating claims. We 
never saw the value in that. 

We can grow scripts, we can grow sales if we wanted to dilute our book of business. What's really important is that 
balance of making sure that the clients we get are aligned with our belief that we should harness that power to push 
down pricing on the retail drug store chains and at the same time push down pricing and get the right selections of 
branded products and help control the cost, especially drugs. That's what our clients are looking for and that's what we 
want to deliver. We don't want to do non-value-added components of the business cycle. So, Tim, will talk a lot more 
about that in a few minutes. 

The second thing, I think, which is very important was back in the '90s, when I was CFO, Express Scripts took a 
different tact than many others, in those days we had greater than 50% brand usage rate, brands were growing at over -going 
up at anywhere from 10% to 12%, 14% a year on an inflationary rate, we had a high utilization trend, overall 
drug trends were over 20%. Express Scripts made the decision in those days that we could see out in the horizon that 
generics are going to come to market, there was going to be patent expirations. And that's when we started to evolve 


our company and change and started to emphasize the use of generics, and we aligned ourselves with our clients. And 
that's been the principle on which we do business today. 

We you think about trying to run a company with over 30,000 employees, you need a model that's easy, simple, and 
people want to follow. Our model is easy, simple and people want to follow it. And that is every time we make a move 
to reduce the cost of medication, the patient saves more money, which means they're going to be more adhered, 
typically their healthcare outcomes go up, meanwhile the health plan itself, the provider of that benefit has spend less 
money and they get a more healthy workforce. And third, you as our shareholders make more money through your 
investment in Express Scripts. Our employees don't have to worry about our investors, they don't have to worry about 
our plan sponsors. All they have to worry about is their patient, and doing what's right for their patient. And when they 
make that move, they save money for our plan sponsors and they make more money for you. It's a good model and it's 
proven through the course of time to be very effective. 

In addition, like all businesses, innovation is the key component of what we do. You're going to hear from our two docs 
today on what we're doing in this regard. You heard us talk a long time about consumerology and how we understand 
behavioral economics and how that affects people's buying habits and what they do. Meanwhile, to be totally honest, I 
was always envious of David Snowden what they were doing with the Therapeutic Resource Centers. 

They have pharmacists that were trained and understood, but as Glen is going to talk about, it's not just giving 
somebody a book on diabetes. It really is understanding the disease state, having a specialty to understand how the 
complications and the side effects of that disease actually work and manifest itself through the patient. That makes a 
huge difference. So bringing together those two components has really positioned us well to continue to innovate and 
bring new product to the marketplace. 

We put together Express Scripts through a variety of acquisitions and internal growth. The important part of this slide 
is, first of all, I like the fact that we started out at $0.20 a share when we went public; a little bigger than that now, that's 
a split-adjusted basis. But as I show you many acquisitions here and that's not all of them, but they all were done with 
not just to grow, growth. They weren't all about just getting bigger; they all had a really key implications for our 
strategy. 

Value Rx, for those of you that remember back in the '90s, that company was focused on large employers, and in those 
days, Express Scripts was really serving a small employer into the marketplace. It got us into that piece of the business, 
but just as important, they had a very unique way of contracting retail drugstores and we took that on and we learned 
significantly from it. 

DPS had the best rebating system, we believe, in the industry. Buying them, got us into the Managed Care area, as well 
as got us that rebating system, really added significantly to our earnings and our growth as we look back to the future. 
The next two got us into specialty. We talked about NextRx, a really key important client for us. 

And then of course Medco; Medco is very important for a lot of reasons and one of the best things about it was the way 
we both address our marketplace. We're both focused on clinical outcomes and driving down cost for our patients. The 
cultural bring together any two major organizations is always one of the biggest challenges we face. This acquisition 
actually was a little easier in that regard because we had a combined focus on what we had to do for our patients and 
for our clients. 

Just real quick. Again, I mentioned this earlier, but I joined as CFO back in the '90s, was a very small company. And 
the call I would get each and every day from our investor base was you're one-trick pony, all you do is rebates, why do 
the manufacturers pay you rebates? 

I'm not going to relive those days and give you all the answers again, but the important point was we weren't a one trick 
pony and what Tim's going to breakdown is, back in the '90s how did we make our money, and what was important. 
And then when you look at 2000, again we could see in the '90s that there was this big wave of generics coming and a 
huge opportunity. We changed our focus to making sure we were concentrated on the right brands and making sure we 
were getting the most efficacious products at the lowest possible prices. 


At the conclusion of the 2000 period, in 2003 when we bought CuraScript, the focus was changing dramatically. 
Because of all the generics coming into market, drug trends were starting to moderate, but there was a lurking 
challenge out in the marketplace, which was specialty drugs. 

New drugs coming to market, a branded product on average, between a branded and generic is about $80, $85 total cost 
price on it. When you look at specialty product, it's over $2,000 and is growing by 14% a year inflation, and utilization 
is there, and the more -- most of all the new roll-outs of new products are in this space, plan sponsors will soon find that 
these drugs only represent 1% to 1.5%, 2% of their total drug usage where it's going to represent more than 50% of 
their total cost. 

We have to have the solutions for that component of the business and what you'll hear from our doc Stetas later this 
morning is how we approach this market and what we do for our clients to manage these costs while improving health 
outcomes. 

Just one last -- couple -- last slides here, but what's really important I think for you as an investor is when you look at 
our company and you look at our future does it still make sense to invest in us? 

I would tell you this is a great place to invest. When you think about healthcare, let's face it, it's still broken. We've 
done a lot of good things with respect to the drug benefit and the drug management, but there's a lot of healthcare that 
still doesn't work including its combination in certain key areas such as specialty drugs with the medical side of the 
equation. 

You think about the high cost of brand inflation, it would -- typically over 10% a year, this year is probably going to be 
well north of that. You think about expanding coverage with healthcare reform, although we are disappointed in the 
number of people that have enrolled so far this year, at the end of the day those people will come to the market, it's a 
question of timing, and there's tremendous opportunity for us to extend our coverage base as these people come into the 
marketplace. Especially spend, we talked a lot about, huge inflationary and utilization risk for our clients and they need 
our solutions, of course, the aging population, people are getting older, they are taking more drugs and that should be a 
great tailwind for us. 

Fraud, Waste and Abuse is a huge issue, as we look after both federal, state governments and our plan sponsors trying 
to get their arms around this. And probably just as important as everything else, some that wouldn't be on the slide three 
or four years ago, is a cost to regulatory compliance. 

Today, to be in this business you better has scale and size, you better be able to comply. CMS is rolling out daily 
releases on interpretations; they rolled out a 700-page new release this year on new rules for next year. This is 
extremely important for us to stay on top of that. Our clients don't have the expertise for the most part to be able to stay 
abreast of everything going on in our industry, and that's why they look to us, to make sure we can do it. And by having 
a company this large, we could spread that cost over a significant book of business. 

Quite frankly, the other piece of being in my opinion, what's really import about any business is the team. We have to 
have the right team and the right people to lead us. I want to just highlight a couple of new people and you'll meet here, 
you'll meet Cathy in just a few minutes. She is our new CFO who joined us from Wal-Mart companies; she's got a 
background as being a publicly-traded CFO. She most recently served as the CFO for all of Wal-Mart International. 

The beauty of it is, Wal-Mart is in a tough, tough competitive environment with low margins, sounds familiar. And I 
love having a CFO that knows how to manage in tough situations and have been focused on ROIC, it's critically 
important that we do that and return that those values to you. 

Second, David Norton, who's sitting up here in the front row, he's our new Supply Chain. David has been with me for a 
long time, most recently he led our integration activities with NextRx and Medco. He is a key member of my senior 
team, he has had a long background in operations and Supply Chain Management and he's taken over supply chain. 

Chris Houston has taken over as the Head of our Operations. She's got again, a long background, most recently she was 
in charge of supply chain. It's critically important you understand the drugs and the needs of those specific drugs in 
order to run operations. So, you know what the patient needs are going to be. Her background originally was in IT, then 


worked her way through operations. She used to run specialty for us. Definitely, first (inaudible) in priority, she got that 
cleaned up and strained out for us. So when on to supply chain, a very strong background. 

And probably most important of all is our company has grown significantly and the complexity of our businesses has 
gotten to be quite a bit. Yesterday, Keith, our General Counsel and I were in Washington DC presenting to CMS on 
many of the changes they're proposing what the impacts of those would be. Between testifying in front of Congress, 
between being out in front of our clients, between running our operations, our company has been a leader in paving the 
way for making sure our plan sponsors' voices are heard in Washington DC and in state capitals. 

The company has gotten big. So, we've decided to bring Tim in. His is a ex-Medco, although there is no such thing 
anymore, we're all Express Scripts, but his root started in Medco, he's had a bunch of different roles throughout his 
career including running international operations for Mary Kay, being in-charge of HR for PepsiCo. And so, he is a real 
talent and a real great add to our leadership team. 

I just want to clue with a real quick statement, and it's over the integration; very seldom does a CEO ever have the 
opportunity to take two of the leading companies in the industry and set them up side by side and get to pick the best of 
both. If you think about it, that's what we got to do for the last two years. At the end of the day, what makes the 
company great is its people, its processes and its technologies. And when you take the two leading companies in a 
given industry and you bring them together and then you get to pick the best of the best out of each of those categories, 
it positions us in a unique uncanny position to be able to continue to deliver value, both to our patients and to our 
shareholders. 

At this point, I'd like to turn it over to Cathy. 

Cathy Smith, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, George. Good morning, everyone. I'm really looking forward to getting to meet all of you. I'm fortunate to 
get up here today to present our fourth quarter results and our 2014 guidance. But with just two weeks on the job, 
there's no way I can be the authority. So, first and foremost, I want to thank those that got us here. 

Matt Harper has been an outstanding Interim CFO and he remains our Vice President of Financial Planning. Chris 
Knibb is a talented Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. And David Myers, he takes care of all of you and literally 
got us all here. I'd like to thank all of them. They're continuing to bring me up to speed on this company and this 
industry. I came to Express Scripts for three reasons primarily, the team, the company and the industry. The team is 
passionate about this business. They're talented and hardworking and they're driven to succeed. The company is an 
amazing company. George, the Board and the team have built over the years. Their business model that aligns a client, 
a patient and a shareholder interest, it means everyone wins. And the industry, there is no doubt that the healthcare 
industry has to change and it will change over the next years. And Express Scripts is uniquely positioned to lead that 
change as it does. I couldn't be more proud to be a part of the company; and I'm really excited about the future. 

So let's talk a little bit about numbers we did, we put our press release out last night, as well as filed our 10-K. So for 
those of you that had trouble sleeping last night, could have read the 10-K. Fourth quarter, as George said, we did 
convert all of our PBM clients finally at the end of the year to our destination platform. We will contain to spend a little 
bit of integration expense this year as we work on the back office, but primarily, but most importantly, as all of the 
PBM clients are on that destination platform. 

You can see that we delivered 360.7 million scripts in the quarter, which is about as we expected. It's down 
year-over-year, but that's primarily due to the UnitedHealth roll off. And as of 12/31, we have now successfully rolled 
off our transitioned all of the UnitedHealth business and met all of our milestones and timelines. 

For the rest of the results for the quarter, you can see they were on line with our expectations or better. We're really 
proud of the quarter. EBITDA was up 1%, EBITDA per script was up 15%. Gross margin was in line with our 
expectations, although down really driven by two things. To remind you, last year in the fourth quarter, we still had a 
business named Liberty; we sold that in the fourth quarter. So that was still in these numbers for year-over-year 


comparisons. In addition, the roll off of UnitedHealthcare Group. Notwithstanding that though, our gross margin per 
script was up 6%. And you can see, we delivered $2.9 billion in cash and $1.12 in EPS. 

I did want to mention the SG&A expenses. SG&A was down as you would expect, we continue to drive cost 
efficiencies as we've worked on the integration. However, I wanted to talk about the sequential SG&A, it was up over 
third quarter by $104 million. As we had communicated to you, we had over a 100 new clients coming on (inaudible). 
And so, we spent a little bit of money getting ready for that. We also invested a little bit in healthcare reform. And 
because of the strong operational and financial results, we invested a little bit in management bonus. 

So, summarizing it for the full year, it was a really good year for Express Scripts. And as you can see, I think probably 
one of the most amazing statistics on there is that cash flow, $4.8 billion of cash, that's a little higher than we guided 
last time we talked to you, but Matt Harper and the team got really focused on driving those results and you can see 
what we did, $4.8 billion in cash. 

In addition, you can see EPS is up 15.5%. So really good results in 2013, but more importantly we now have a 
foundation and a platform to turn our attention from integration and really focus on progress. 

All of you know we had throughout the year UnitedHealth in our business. So in order for us to evaluate our 2014 
guidance on a really more apples-to-apples basis, we're going to strip out UnitedHealth for you, so you can look at '13, 
so we can compare '14. Most importantly, UnitedHealth contributed about 89 million scripts and $0.20 to EPS. 

So let's look at our 2014 guidance. First, I'm going to say as David said at the very beginning, these are adjusted, so 
we're pulling out integration expenses or expected integration expenses. And I said, although all of our PBM clients are 
on the destination platform, we'll see a little bit of back-office integration throughout the rest of this year. 

So first at the top line adjusted script, or script count. We're expecting it to be down 2% to 6%. Now, I know last time 
we spoke to you we said it would be flat to slightly positive excluding UnitedHealthcare. 

However, as we re-evaluate and where we think healthcare reform is going to contribute with regards to lives and a 
little bit of client retention toward the end of 2013 at the lower end of our target goals, we're going to revise that script 
count down 2% to 6%. 

We'll continue to drive SG&A and drive cost efficiencies as you can see there and EBITDA will grow 7% to 10%. 

I think probably most impressively there is the EPS range of 18% to 21% after taking out United. That's at the top end 
of our longer-term guidance range. We should be very proud of that. I want to talk a little bit about the bookings for 
that, what would cause us to be at the lower end and what would cause us to be at the upper end of that range. 

On the lower end or the upper end it's going to really be driven by things like healthcare lives, our client retentions as 
well as drug utilization and inflation. 

Let me talk real quickly about Q1, it's not on the chart but it was in our press release last night to help with guidance for 
Q1. For Q1, we expect our EPS between to be between $0.98 and $1.02 and that does represent -- it's a sequential 
decline as is always the case in this business if you look back historically and it does represent a little bit lower than we 
have historically done for a couple reasons. We invested little bit more in this first quarter to bring on that significant 
amount of clients at the beginning of the year. In addition, I hate to throw out the weather card things, I'm just coming 
from retail, but weather has caused us a little bit of an impact in shipping our scripts, delivering our scripts. And lastly, 
again the client retention that I talked about was a little on the lower end of our target goals. 

So with the strength of our 2014 guidance and our outlook for the longer-term, we're reaffirming our long-term 
guidance to you. We expect to continue to see EPS growth between 10% and 20%. Now, this is longer-term guidance, 
which means some day, some years, we're going to be at the upper end of that range, like this year's guidance that we're 
giving you. And some years we could be at the lower end of that range, really driven by things like the large contracts, 
client contracts, as they come and go, as well as things like the generic and the specialty drug launches. 


Lastly, let me talk about capital allocation. First, we expect to deliver $4.7 billion to $5.3 billion in cash. And our 
capital allocation priorities remain the same as they always have been. First and foremost, our highest return in 
investment will always be in organic growth. This next year, we expect to spend between $400 million and $450 
million in CapEx, pretty consistent with last year. 

Our second priority for capital investment or capital allocation will be strategic acquisitions. Now, we can't ever guess 
on the timing or the size of an acquisition, but as George showed you in the chart before, we've historically done good 
accretive acquisitions and we'll continue to evaluate those that are strategic. 

Our third priority will be maintaining a very solid investment grade rating. It's important for some of our clients and it's 
important for us. We think that translates to about at two times debt-to-EBITDA ratio. And then lastly, we are 
committed to returning cash to our shareholders. We expect on most years to be able to return about half of our free 
cash flow back to our shareholders. 

So in summary, we are really good 2013. 2014 is at the upper end of our long-term guidance range and we're really 
excited about growing this business. 

I think with that we're going to take some questions. 

Questions And Answers 

George Paz, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

Sure. We got a mic, they're coming down. Remember, there's people listening. So we need you ask your questions into 
a mic. So thank you. Can you mic on now. There we go. 

Unidentified Participant 

(technical difficulty) 

George Paz, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

That's a great question. And just everybody heard it or not, that phone is on or off, but it really is -- we've done most of 
our acquisitions up to this point have been in the core PBM space. How do we look out to the future and what may we'd 
be interested in. I don't want to get into specifics, obviously we got a group of people that do that every day and are 
looking at it, which you got to keep in mind in 2003, specialty drugs were not run by PBMs. 

There were tons of these small little specialty pharmacy companies all around the country and there are still lot today 
that managed specific disease stage or manage regional areas of the countries, especially spend and what we were 
noticing was this big boom was going to occur with new drugs coming to market. And so, I think in any good 
acquisition strategy, it shouldn't be about what do we need today to make our business better, what's the world going to 
look like in three to five years and how do we beat the pot to that point to make sure that we are best positioned and in 
that time frame. 

And that's what we're focused on. Just trying understand when you think about companies, there's usually like our Head 
of HR, Sara Wade here in the front. But she's got a lot of responsibilities, everything from training to recruitment on 
and on and on. Underneath her, there's is a person who handles our benefits. That person has a myriad of different task 
and orders and responsibilities. 

Our job is, that's who we typically sell to, is that person. And so what we need to do is try to figure out what are the 
challenges they have around doing their job and how can we make their life easier. Guys like me, our CFO are 
constantly cutting back SG&A, every chance we get looking for non-value added SG&A, puts tremendous pressure on 


Sara, puts tremendous pressure on her benefit person. 

So the idea is what can we roll out what are those costs that are driving them. Those are the things we look at is try to -I 
know, being not directly answering the question, but I don't want to. The point here is, is that, we really do need to try 
to understand where the market is and we've got a whole group of people that do that for us, work with our senior team 
and look at that, but we will, I believe healthcare still broken. And there's tremendous opportunities in our space to add 
value for our clients and those are the things we're look for. 

Unidentified Participant 

(technical difficulty) 

Unidentified Speaker 

Sure. Yeah, absolutely. The President keeps extending the deadline and relaxing the penalties. And so, there's not a 
whole lot of reason, if you're healthy to sign up too soon. You're paying premiums, if you're healthy and do you really 
need the coverage. And there is -- if you look back at Massachusetts, they had a tremendous wave of the healthier 
people come into the program towards the end of the enrollment cycle. So, we're still thinking that could occur, but we 
just don't want to bet on it. 

So as Cathy said, to get to the higher end of the range in the script counts, you'll see a bigger pull-through of those lives 
towards the March type time frame at end of March. And we'll see, I truly believe though overtime, people will join. 
And they'll either join for one or two reasons, either their obligation or cause, two, (inaudible) will have to adjust the 
program, which needs a lot of adjustment anyway. But something is going to give, that's going to force more people 
into the program and I think that's Greenfield for us and opportunity. 

Unidentified Participant 

(inaudible) 

George Paz, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

I think it's important, we deal with Fortune 500 companies in large health plans and they don't want to give you money, 
if they don't think you're financially sound. So investment grade, really is a requirement in our business in order to 
make sure that we can have access to the entire client base and the people we want to do business with. 

So that kind of sets the parameters, what Cathy and Matt will do is try to spend a lot of time. I believe that we are very 
strong team, if you look at our cash flow generation, it's probably one of our greatest assets or features. And I'd 
personally believe it could be 2.5 to 2 times or more. The problem is it doesn't matter what I believe, it really matters 
what Moody's, S&P, Fitch and what they believe, so that we maintain our ratings. 

So it's a question of making sure we stay in front of them, stay in front of keeping them comfortable with where we're 
at. I don't think we're leveraging our earnings nearly enough we're at, but by the same token, we're not going to do 
anything to put our ratings in jeopardy either. So, as far as the dividends are concerned, we look at that on a regular 
basis with our Board of Directors. There's a trade-off between the dividend and the price point of the stock as to what 
gives you the best returns to your shareholders. In my opinion, we can argue about this, but I still think our stock price 
is undervalued relative to where it should be. 

And so, to me, it's still a better investment to buy back the shares than to pay the dividend. Unless you come out with 
any kind of meaningful dividend, it's not going to matter anyway. So, it's got to be a number that's big enough to 
matter. If you're going to take that kind of cash, I'd rather buy back shares in this market, but I'm sure there's half of you 


that have a different opinion and I too want that, but we through with the Board. 

It's not just me, it's the entire Board evaluates and we will do it again, several times this year. I'm sorry, I didn't mean -I 
didn't see you're ready there. 

Unidentified Participant 

Oh, no, that's fine. In terms of specialty pharmacy management, one of the key differences between legacy Medco and 
Express was around infusion, obviously you saw CBS make a recent acquisition there. So, I was just wondering what 
your updated thoughts are in terms of whether or not that's an important component and what factors you continue to 
track in order to maybe reassess that position at some point. 

Unidentified Speaker 

Did you look at our (inaudible). I am teasing, that's where we're going to try to cover later this morning. I'll answer a 
little bit, but I'm not going to really defer to sort of my backs over here because they're going to hit a lot of that. There 
is different types of infusion. The infusion around the specialty drug product mix that we have, we still do that. We still 
have the nurses, we still have the people that go out to either deliver the drug to the doctor's office or clinics or go to 
the homes and they're going to get quite a bit of that later this morning. 

There is other types of infusion where you're really chasing co-pays around and you're trying to collect cash and 
collections aren't good, never work out when your margins are thin. It's run by a lot of mom and pops across the 
country. You had to have a presence (inaudible) local discharging facility in order to get your share and it's a tough, 
tough business. 

I'm not really interested in that piece of it, but I am interested in those people that are on long-term specialty programs 
to make sure that I get my share of that. Again, we'll address that later on this morning. 

Okay, thank you. 

Unidentified Participant 

I've noticed in this industry that there are large mergers, if there's a lot of Portugal clients, there's some disorganization 
and clients are lost. You've just gone through a major merger, to what degree is your loss of clients and your drop in 
scripts for the coming year, a result of the aftermath of a big merger and to what degree do you think you have your 
arms around so that you can prevent that from happening in the coming years. 

Unidentified Speaker 

That is a great question. When we go to our Board with our M&A strategy and Matt runs all those for us, the M&A 
guys all report up through Matt. We've had a track record and a history of doing this. And quite frankly, when you 
think about putting two companies together that are in the same industry, there's always going to be some fallout, 
somebody had left Express Scripts to go to Medco, somebody left Medco to go Express Scripts and trying to make sure 
we get the right account managers. Our business is no different than your business. 

It really is about relationships and having the right person making that contact to the buying -- the person making the 
buying decisions. And if we don't have the right person, the right clinician, they have to be trusted, they have to know 
they're bringing them good clinical advice, the right account managers to people that are there helping with their 
business issues and helping them design their programs and the right people in our operations side that help deal with -there's 
the spouse [ph] of the CEO can't get a script, because they get power of, don't make the spouse real happy, we 
get the heat for that, right, the HR person gets the heat. 


So making sure we can navigate that -- have those connections, have those conversations. Make sure the employees 
and/or their spouses get the right medications when there is a block (inaudible) make sure they can navigate that -those 
issues on behalf of the client are huge challenges, but all those things add up to relationships. And if the 
relationship isn't right, we lose the client. 

And as any company, when CBS finally got Caremark and -- and we didn't get a chance to do that one, the first thing I 
told my guys was go sell all the Caremark clients. I mean you got to. They're going to go through a massive integration 
and change. And that's what businesses do. So for the first couple of years, keep in mind, we do three to five year 
contracts. So for that first period after the integration we're always going to see some. Now part of the problem we had 
that makes this a little tougher as you know a lot of -- there was a fair amount of the Medco clients that have already 
given their term notice to Medco. 

So our first year out of the shoe, we had a fair amount of business that was already slated to go away or push -- we 
figure that all into our ROIC models and make sure we justify the deal with the proper prices. Secondly, we knew there 
was some clients that weren't as happy because of FTC requirements (inaudible). So we make our best guess to what 
that is. But anytime you're moving platforms, you're changing account managers, you're out disrupting with status quo, 
you run risk, and that's in our models. 

I would tell you that the year we're in today, we just moved our last bunch of clients that creates friction. And so we 
will have the aftermath of that throughout this selling season, but then going into '15 we should be in great shape to be 
well positioned, strong account management teams have been selected, we'll be on one platform for the rest of this 
year. And I think we'll be very well positioned for the selling season, that's coming up. And there is a question now, I 
was just trying to maintain our retention rates throughout the rest of this year. 

Cathy Smith, Chief Financial Officer 

George, you have a question left. 

George Paz, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

Well, pardon me. 

Cathy Smith, Chief Financial Officer 

Questioning. 

George Paz, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

Okay. 

Unidentified Participant 

Hey, George. Tom Gallucci. Thanks. 

George Paz, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

How are you doing? 


Tom Gallucci, Analyst 

Sure. I guess two questions. Just first, we're thinking about to headwinds and tailwinds for '14. Are there material 
incremental synergies coming from the Medco deal that are benefiting '14, would be the first thing? Then the second 
thing, obviously you guys are strong buyers of generics, there's been various forms of alignment in the last year in that 
channel. Just wondering what your thoughts on there to potentially continue to pound on cost in that regard? 

George Paz, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

Right. '14 is an interesting year from a synergy perspective, because coming into 1/1/14, we had no idea how many 
lives we're going to get out of the healthcare reform. And a lot of our plans, our health plans had no clue, how many 
they were getting. So the data flowing to us was minimal to say the least. 

So we didn't -- we over staffed if you will, and that's part of why you see the $1.98 to $1.2 in the first quarter. So we are 
still a bit bloated. Well, United has rolled off, we haven't gone through and actually, that's what Cathy was talking 
about through the first three quarters of this year, we've got to right size our footprint. We've got excess capacity in our 
call centers, our front-ends and our back-ends and we've got to get that excess cost out. That should happen over the 
course of the year. 

Unfortunately, because we had -- with 1, 1 coming, we really got a late start on that and then you got all the WARN 
Notices and everything else that go into all of this stuff, so it's going to take a little while to catch up. So that should be 
coming in last part of the first quarter, into the second, into the third quarters of final cleanup of all that stuff. 

As far as, some of the moves that some of the I guess drug stores have made with some of the wholesalers and others. 
Every time we did an acquisition, we saw tremendous buying opportunity in the generic space. And so, we didn't sit 
still, you're seeing all these announcements today, but what Tim is going to talk about during his presentation is we've 
actually done with our GPO. We put together a Group Purchasing Organization where we take partners, I mean, we 
don't disclose the names of them. But these are big, big companies, they buy a lot in the marketplace. 

And we actually joined up with them and go to the marketplace and buy, and they'll give you some idea of what that 
means to us. And the profits that are coming out of that business, it's quite significant. And I think it really positions us. 
We've got a unique advantage, because our people buy product every day. So we have a list from our vendors that tell 
us what they're willing to sell to us. And I'm sure there is a profit mark-up and that they also want the sales. So they're 
us price points. But the same time we know what we're already buying and what the GPO is able to get. And to-date, 
none of these price points that we've seen from many of the wholesalers, we still buy internally, because we can do 
better. And I think there's a reason for that. 

When you're thinking about buying for a bunch of a retail drugstores, part of the issue that you got to face is you're 
buying a lot of acute that are seasonality in nature. When you think about what the Express Scripts does is, we're 
buying maintenance medication. And we know exactly when those drugs are going to be used. We know what the 
buying habits are of our membership, it's very, very predictable. 

So we can do is graph that out, we can go to the manufacturers, and we can actually lay down their plan or we can work 
with them. Keep in mind, generic drugs are pretty inexpensive, but from a few of the manufacturer of those drugs like 
any other manufacturer, you want to optimize your cost to manufacture, therefore lowering your costs and of your 
production runs. 

We can step in. So if they're selling to others and they've got a production cycle, that's somewhat volatile that causes 
cost spikes, we can smooth those out by buying off of those spikes. If the price has gone up, we always take into 
consideration our cost of capital and what it means to warehouse some extra drug, but maybe instead of buying two 
days' supply like we were with brands, we would buy 90 days supply on a given generic if the price points warrants it, 
and the cost of the pills are cheap enough. 


And that's where we work hand in glove with the wholesalers, or the manufacturers in order of push down the price 
all-in including cost of capital to a lowest possible level and I think we do a pretty good job at that, but we're always 
open. At the end of the day, if any one of these guys comes to me and offers me a better deal than I have today, I'm 
more married to money than I am to my own processes. So I'll take the money, so that just -- keep that in mind. 
Questions, okay. 

Glen Santangelo, Analyst 

Glen Santangelo from Credit Suisse. George, I just want a follow up on that 1Q guidance and the Script guidance for 
this year in a little bit more detail. In your press release, you seem to suggest that maybe your retention didn't play out 
the way you thought. 

Back in the fall, you gave us that retention rate at 95%, did that number move down meaningfully in the fourth quarter 
and as we look out to 2014, you seem to suggest that maybe some of the 95% or 94% retention rates we saw over the 
past couple of years was related to the disorientation of the company post the merger, but are you seeing pricing 
becoming a little bit more of an issue because as we listen to your competitors, it certainly seems like Caremark, 
Catamaran, Optum they're all looking to get incrementally more aggressive and with the big RFP season on -- just out 
of couple of months. What are you seeing in terms of pricing and your ability to drive that retention closer to 100%? 

George Paz, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

Let me make sure I get all those. So, as far as the retention rates, no, that didn't move materially from where we were in 
the third quarter. But I think what caught us by surprise, and got me obviously is that at the very beginning of last year, 
when I looked at the clients that were up for renewal, it wasn't that great and we are in a great position with them. 

What I didn't anticipate was the Healthcare Reform and the effect that was going to have on M&A, not so much on 
people moving, very few health plans move last year. But several quite a few of our health plans were actually acquired 
last year by people that didn't use us. That was never in my calculus. I didn't see that one coming. And that's what 
caused the retention rates to drop down to slightly less than 95, but right in that ballpark. 

And that's what we were speaking to in the third quarter and that's what materialized through the course of the year, 
there's not a lot of clients that change hands in the fourth quarter, if you think about you had to issue new cards, you 
have to issue new packets yet to be ready for open enrollment, not a lot of that's going to happen, once you get into 
third -- at the end of the third quarter and you're now in the fourth quarter when you release the earnings. 

So that piece stayed about the same, it was the other piece that really caught us by surprise. We look out to the future, 
as I said a few minutes ago, there is carryover effect of the integration, and we do expect that they hit us some this year. 
But we all we feel pretty good about where we sit, we are on one platform, I think we're providing good service and I 
think we're in a pretty good position. 

As far as, how does that manifest itself and pricing and I'll let Tim chime in here as well, but from what I'm seeing, 
pricing is still staying as rational as it's ever been, not to say it's not competitive, it's always competitive, people are 
always looking to try to get the client. But I don't seen them being any more aggressive than normal. 

Tim Wentworth, President 

No, I think what you see, and I'm talking about this is each PBM is very much more focused on stressing their unique 
attributes and trying to differentiate. I've never seen a more differentiated set of sort of approaches to the market than 
we see today which is frankly, why I like where we sit. But we have not seen it manifesting itself undisciplined or 
irrational pricing on a broad scale at Oregon [ph]. 


Ricky Goldwasser, Analyst 

Thank you. Ricky Goldwasser, Morgan Stanley. Large contracts are a swing factor to the long-term guidance. So can 
you talk a little bit about what you're seeing coming in the next selling season? And then secondly, on the cash, so you 
talked about, working with manufacturers and buying opportunistically. What is the minimum cash balance? When you 
think about kind of like your inter-quarter needs, did you feel comfortable with you have in the balance sheet just to 
meet these opportunities? 

George Paz, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

Yeah. A couple of things there. So large contracts, obviously it's not a secret, our largest contract, the Department of 
Defense is out for bids. It's on a five-year cycle. There was two option years that they exercised. So we're at the end of 
that cycle. 

And so we're out to bids on that and I think that's what Cathy was referring to was that when you have a client that's 
big, that important to us, it's a client, I feel good about it. I'm like who knows, I can knock on some wood here, but it's 
really important for us or we really want that. It's a huge client. So the profits aren't nearly what you have in some of 
the other books of business, but the important piece for me is that we get to serve our men and women in uniform. And 
we're very proud to do that and it means a lot to me personally and to our company. 

But at the end of the day, we put our best foot forward. I think we're well positioned. We've serviced them for over 10 
years. I like to think because they're rolling out a mandatory mail order program for people over age 65. The 
government knows the benefits of mail order and so anybody over age 65 is retired, they will now be forced to use 
mandatory mail, saves the government over 17% -- 16.7%, was the government study. It's a great deal. And it's hard to 
believe that you'd be rolling out a huge program like that before you switched vendors, but who knows, I can't 
unequivocally tell you we're going to keep it, but that plays into this year. 

You also got to keep in mind that if we win these government contracts because again it will be five years with some 
option years, typically they would have new requirements as does this one. The government is under a lot of stress to 
control its costs, especially its nine armed forces costs, if you will, the cost of defense. So there is a lot of pressure in 
the program and they've come out with a lot of new programs, changing co-pays as you've probably seen, looking at 
benefit designs, looking at step therapies in prior authorizations and other things limiting their network, they went to a 
narrower network on a couple of years ago, they've stayed on that narrower network because it saves them a ton of 
money. 

And so they are open to opportunities in ways to take non-value added costs out of the equation. It's a great client for 
us. We learn a lot with them and I think we're well positioned for it. So again -- but all those new programs means that 
we're going to spend a lot of money starting it up when we -- if we get the nod, so we'll have to figure that into our 
2015 guidance as well. 

But it's way too early. You're going hear in a few minutes about all the great things that my doc buddies up here have 
done in order to really strengthen our formularies and drive economic value to our clients, which translate into more 
profit for US for all of you that are shareholders. 

And we're too early to know whether the items that they're rolling out this year, what the acceptance rates are and 
where those are going to go but there's a lot of irons that we could stick in the fire to make the next year's numbers in 
making good. 

So we're just at the very beginning of that path. 

Unidentified Participant 


(inaudible) Could you speak a little bit to the utilization patterns you've seen thus far in your public exchange 
membership? 

Unidentified Speaker 

No. We've got so few. I mean, that's way below what we would have thought. Overall, it's a lot higher than the normal 
book of business. One of the things that is interesting is that there's been a lot of cannibalization that occurred. There 
hasn't been as many new entrants into the market as opposed to people that had a policy over here that just bought a 
healthcare exchange policy and traded them, so we've seen a fair amount of that coming through. 

But these are typically high utilizers, these are more like Medicare type patients than they are of -- an average 
workforce type patient, but it's awfully early to make those decisions and make those judgments. I -- let me give you a 
better color on that in the third and fourth quarter after we've had several times refill prescriptions, because if I'm just 
signed up for coverage and never had coverage before, I'm going to fill my medicine cabin. Will I stay on those 
medications, will I stay compliant, it's awfully early when you're only -- what are -- it's not even 60 days into this, so 
we need to see. 

Unidentified Participant 

Okay. Thank you. 

Unidentified Speaker 

Okay. Why don't -- I think we're going to move on -- why don't we do one more? Can we do one more? We do two 
more, we have two hands up here, we're good people from the Midwest. 

Unidentified Participant 

Thank you very much. (inaudible) Citigroup. One -- just a quick follow-up. So utilization, it sounds like it's more of 
exchanges and not as much as retentions, so I'm just wondering overall how much of the change has come from just 
seeing lower overall utilization that are (inaudible). And then a follow up to that, second question is, regarding Medco, 
you mentioned that it's not often that a CEO get to choose the best of two companies and put them together. 

So on the front-facing end of it, you also mentioned TRCs that you're -- as you have said before. So just wondering 
how much of that has Express Scripts being able to do on a front-facing type of way, so that how much of that has been 
introduced to the public taking the best of consumer TRC's and how of that is more to come? 

Unidentified Speaker 

Sure. Those are great questions. So let me answer that second half first and that's TRCs, they roll lot of product that 
was critical by getting on one platform. We quickly tried to innovate some of the things we're doing for Express 
Scripts, because we had to have that ready on the destination platform, which was the old Medco platform in order to 
service our Express Scripts clients. So as we book those out over the first six to nine months of -- right immediately 
after the acquisition, as those tools came about, we are able to roll those out some consumerology some of things we're 
doing went to the Medco clients early. 

We just moved a massive amount of our health plans on 11 to our destination platform. Three to four, they never have 
the access to any of the Medco products, so rational med all the different components that Medco's made a very good 
livelihood and been done incredible work for their clients selling weren't available to Express Scripts clients that started 


on January 1, and we will have those programs to offer up to our client base as we go forward. So this should be a good 
year for us for up selling and opportunity. 

Utilization, this one does puzzles the worldwide and me, it's flat and it's been flat since 2009. 2008, we were seeing 3% 
to 5% inflation, think about being the CEO of a big company and every day, every for January 1 come to work and you 
got 10% inflation behind you and you got 3% to 5% utilization behind you, bad place to sit. We haven't seen the 
utilization side, and it has not come back. 

And if anything, I would tell you at the first part, the reason we gave the 69 as we're taking this, yeah, I mean, I'm 
sorry, the two to six, was because the six includes a pretty worst-case scenario on still no utilization pick up matter of 
fact a slight decline, and that's we're kind of seen in our numbers. Now what we don't know is I've never seen a winter 
like this, where we had so much snow and so much issues. 

I mean, if you look at Minneapolis, Chicago, St. Louis, Kansas City, we've had days and days where businesses have 
been called off, kids can't go to school on and on. And so what happens, utilization during those periods, especially for 
the elderly that aren't taking advantage of mail or they're going to the pharmacy, probably not. And so what you were 
seeing some utilization downturn throughout January of course we've built all that into our guidance. 

So this is already in there, but the idea is, is that temporary or is that the continuation of the economy in which you are 
in? And I personally think it's still temporary, and that will rebound coming back or order you don't have to follow the 
next month and we'll give a lot more guidance on this on the first quarter calls only and more than a month and a half 
from now. 

So we'll update those numbers, but utilization is still weak. We have a paid at zero, we're just not assuming any. So 
there is a tremendous upside if we can get that back on track, especially we think about my earlier slide that showed 
demographics and what's happening with our population, it should be going the other way. There is one more question I 
believe, was it John? Yeah. 

John Kreger, Analyst 

Thanks, George. John Kreger from William Blair. Just maybe one last question on retention. What is your goal for 
2014 and then related one, if you kind of look back at the attrition that you did have over the last couple of years as you 
migrated systems, did you see any pattern with losses being more from the Medco legacy book versus your legacy 
book? 

George Paz, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

That's a good question. Let me try to think that through, I hadn't. To me a client is a client, so let me just try to think 
through the impact. I would say -- I don't know do you -- yeah, go ahead. 

Steve Miller, Senior Vice President & Chief Medical Officer 

Yeah, it was actually quite balanced out. When -- if you take a look at the two years since the integration started, there 
was not a trend toward losing more Medco clients and Express clients or vice versa, it was actually fairly balanced out, 
which was in some respect good news. 

Tim Wentworth, President 

I think retention is -



Steve Miller, Senior Vice President & Chief Medical Officer 

Yeah, I think about 2014, I'd like to be at 97%. We're targeting 95 to 97. We know as George said that there is the risk 
of, what you don't know biting you in terms of account teams that turned over, you think you've done a great job of 
replacing the current team, of leveraging the ongoing relationship at multiple levels. But -- so that would be the kind of 
range that we would be looking to. 

George Paz, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

Okay. Well, again, I thank you all very much. I am going to turn it over to Tim. 

Tim Wentworth, President 

Great. So it's a good segue. Thank you, George and thank you all for being here. Many of you know that when we 
made the decision to merge the two companies, I declared right out of the chute, that I wanted to be part of the 
Company that was going to emerge from the merger. 

Didn't know whether I'd have that opportunity or not, but I certainly viewed the Company that would be built, would be 
incredibly relevant, incredibly interesting and exciting. And something I wanted to be part of. And I told the employees 
of Medco at the time that, as I declared it very early and thankfully a lot of them joined me in our journey to build what 
I think is one of the most interesting and fundamentally exciting companies in healthcare. 

I stand here today, tremendously happy that that's happened for two reasons. One is right now, we have just completed 
two of the hardest years anybody can imagine in terms of the work that we did to bang together two, very large 
complicated companies that had very sophisticated clients, very profoundly interesting books of business, great 
capabilities and terrific people, but it was two years of really hard work. And I am really glad it's done. By and large as 
Cathy said, there's still a little bit of SG&A we're hanging around as we work through some things and take advantage 
of the opportunity to optimize some things, but we're done. 

The second reason though, that I couldn't be happier to be standing here today is because now we are able to take all of 
the energy and all that we've built and all that we're going to build and all that capital that we have access to do great 
things for our clients for their members and for our shareholders and we can now, and I guess I'd use the overused word 
in Washington these days, we're going to be able to pivot this company and that energy toward driving organic growth. 

And what I really want to talk to you about in the next 40 minutes or so is what are the components of that drive to 
organic growth that we have now built in this company of ours. So let me just step back for a minute. I'm going to talk 
about that at a high level and then we will have a break, I promise, and then I am going to turn it over to Dr. Miller and 
Dr. Stettin to go deeper in terms of the fundamental growth drivers that enable us to take care of these patients and our 
clients to manage their costs, to differentiate ourselves and to grow our earnings organically. 

So after the break, they will come back up, reintroduce them and they'll take you deeper in that, but let me now take 
you through sort of a higher level view of the components of organic growth. And I'm going to start with the diversified 
growth drivers that George talked a little bit about in his opening. So I'm going to show it a little bit differently, but it's 
a similar story, but now I want to tie it down to our earnings contribution and growth and the relative importance of 
these levers. 

So as George said, in the 1990s when I joined the business, we reviewed it, and it was in fact the case, as a rebate 
creation machine. There was no doubt about it that what we were able to do, is first of all take key tools like home 
delivery and put those in place and that was largely for employers at the time, although one of the things we'll talk 
about is that's now becoming a key tool to manage lives inside of health plans as well, but we leveraged growing home 
delivery, we built very robust capabilities to manage complex and chronic medications to the home. 


We also grew clients by virtue of the fact that the market saw high rates of inflation and payers were looking, two 
things, drugs became important enough focus on their own, and so clients carved out the drug benefit for the first time 
on a large scale and it drove the volume of every PBM. That's the period of time that I think we would all agree the fish 
were practically jumping in the boat in terms of the opportunities to add new clients to your book of business and 
leverage things like mail service, retail networks and so forth. 

What we then did, as it relates to taking that access to those payers in a large scale basis, and that high control 
environment that particularly mail offered as well as really well managed clinical front-end pharmacies to manage 
patient switches to more cost effective clinically equivalent therapies as we did drive tremendous rebate value for our 
clients and therefore for our shareholders because we were able to share in the value we create and that's a common 
theme, particularly in our model of alignment, common theme being that we shared as we drove down costs for our 
clients in a time when inflation was killing them. I remember drug trend nearly 18% for clients back in this time and 
the differentiator for clients that were down near single digits and those were 18% with the adoption of these tools and 
clients talked to each other and these tools proliferated. 

Several of the tools also enabled us to then pivot, at that time, to looking at the next opportunity that we could create, 
which was taking this wave of patent expirations and using it to drive down costs for our clients, maintain coverage for 
their members and drive profitability for our shareholders. And so what we now call the generic wave began in earnest 
in the 2000s. 

In fact, I have a chart that I carry with me, from 2000 (inaudible) went generic, showing then the difference in uptake 
between mail and retail when generic (inaudible) became available and the cost savings that drove just that differential 
of uptake from the brand to the generic over a period of time on that gap in the chart, and how much money that saved 
our clients and I took that everywhere I could to show clients why it was important. 

The PBMs and Express Scripts specifically helped create the environment where generics were not only acceptable, but 
preferred. If you think back to what the word generic meant to you or to somebody on the street or to a physician or to a 
patient, back in 2000, it had a very mixed feel to it. There was a significant amount of questioning about could we 
actually get docs to write prescriptions for generics, could we get patients to accept generics. Our starting point was we 
had the trusted position with our clients and we were able to show them the clinical equivalents, the cost savings, the 
adherence value of driving this generic wave. 

And so from that standpoint, it was very much to the 2000s, alignment with our clients and our shareholders to drive 
generics, leveraging our scale to both manage member behavior as well as create competition amongst multiple players 
in the generic manufacturing industry and to benefit them, but also importantly benefit our clients and our shareholders. 
And so we drove those. They didn't happen by accident. 

And so if you take a look from 1998 when I joined the business to today, generic dispensing rates have gone from the 
low 40s, so as you just saw 81% and we drove that. In addition, in the 2000s, the other fundamental thing that came 
across and George showed it in terms of the acquisitions that Express Scripts and other PBMs have been making was 
that specialty was suddenly becoming real. 

I remember way back when I was in college, people talk about biotech drugs and really aggressive investors would 
invest in these companies and not see much in the way of returns in many cases. But in the 2000s, those returns began 
to materialize and more importantly for patients and for payers, the therapies began to actually acquire large 
populations where they were working and they became actually imperative for the improvement in quality of life, the 
improvement of downstream medical costs, but they also became frightening as heck to payers. 

And I'll never forget when I went in to run Accredo and I met with a group of consultants who I'd known for a long 
time on the PBM side and I realized how little they knew, and they admitted this, about this area, and this is 2006 we're 
talking about. These consultants who could tell me everything I needed to know about how to run a PBM were lost 
when it came to how to even think about specialty pharmacy, and it became the PBM's job to help our clients 
understand the options available to them and drive the tools and the competition and the patient excellence and the 
scale that we have in being able to care for these rare diseases is incredibly relevant. And so, we also did begin the 


process of putting ourselves in a position to be the credible manager of this area. 

When you take a look at -- so where we've evolved to today, and I'm going to talk about the future before I conclude 
my remarks, what you see now is a terrific portfolio of multiple drivers of our organic earnings growth and also helping 
save our client's money. The great news about these drivers that I'll talk about in just a moment is every one of them 
pretty much is aligned with our clients. I would argue every one of them is at one level, but directly they are all aligned 
with doing the right thing for our clients and for their patients and they are all aligned with driving value to our bottom 
line and to our shareholders as well. 

And so when I take a look at this, what you can see, when you take a look at 2014, is first of all specialties clearly 
bigger, it is the area of focus in every finalist meeting that we go to. And the fact that we've got the robust Accredo 
asset that we have now integrated into our single market offering on specialty, being able to care for those patients 
whether they're in the rarest of diseases with drugs that have less than a 100 patients in the whole country, to being able 
to take care of the millions of patients that are on some of the high volume products, we're well positioned as this area 
continues to grow and it is an increasing important part of our underlying earnings growth. 

But obviously, we're not a one trick pony with specialty either. As George said, we've never been a one trick pony, but 
we're not a one trick pony today either. And so when you take a look at the rest of these multiple drivers, you can see 
we continued leverage home delivery, but now we're leveraging home delivery in a very interesting way, because what 
we see with brand drug inflation at over 10% is the opportunity isn't all that different than it was back in 1998 to drive 
down cost for our clients by creating formulary strategies that are contemporary that are clinically sound and that drive 
real results. 

And I'm going to talk more about that and then actually, Dr. Miller will go even deeper in that in a few minutes. 

The good news is this portfolio of earnings drivers for us is then supplemented by a series of other areas that contribute 
to our longer-term EPS growth that Cathy detail before, it starts with share, we just talked about retaining clients. We 
are just literally laser focused on client retention and it doesn't mean we're going to retain all of them. By the way, there 
are some clients that we probably are less likely to retain because they are not aligned with us as much. We go and we 
sell a client and we think we've sold a client that is actually once our tools, once the processes that we do once, once the 
things that we have built, that's very exciting for us. 

In the early days, new sales don't create a lot of EBITDA. Winning a large case does not drive short-term earnings 
growth. It drives long-term earnings growth and it's a signal of health in the marketplace. So we did it and we want to 
grow sales as well. But understanding retaining clients is extraordinarily high leverage for us assuming they're working 
with us. 

And so when I look at our terminations last year that the yield of the 95 or the minus nine just as slightly lower than 
95% retention. There were actually couple buckets. We talked about the first one, a minute ago, which was losing 
accounts that went through M&A, but there was another bucket called accounts that is well aligned and they were not 
profitable accounts for us. 

I didn't feel as bad about those losses, but we clearly are focused on retention, but we are focused on growing as well 
with the clients that we have as they grow. One of the other significant payments for us and frankly any PBM that's 
going to be viable. It's going to be how well do you partner with and execute for and on behalf of your health plan book 
of business to help them grow and manage risk. 

And I'm going to talk more about that in a moment. But we clearly view growing share as a contributor and it's 
something that we hold ourselves to and we believe we are extraordinarily well-positioned to do. 

Number two is obviously margin. And so we have leverage our scale that allows us to do things whether it's through 
our GPO, whether it's through rebates, that create wonderfully aligned alignments economics with our clients and with 
our shareholders. 

In addition, as we've already talked about and my two Doctor colleagues will talk in more detail, our up sells are 
product adoption, which we've had terrific success right out of the shoot wealth, creating an additional profit driver. 


You saw that the donor let him call it out, I will call it out shortly, but that is another opportunity. 

And it's a high leverage, because while it may be profitable in its own right in a modest way, it's extraordinarily 
important for retention for managing drug spend and drug trend and for creating additional partnership opportunities 
with our clients. So those products as you'll hear from Dr. Stephen and Dr. Miller are very important to that strategy. 

This company has a long history of extraordinary efficiency of synergizing in integrating acquisitions, but then running 
its business really well. We are a team-driven to focus on costs. And the most important underlying piece of work over 
the last two years beside keeping our clients and understanding what they need has been getting to a single operating 
platform, it is a huge advantage for us differentially in our space. 

It is a huge advantage, because it enables our call center reps only have one platform to learn. It enables us to invest to 
stay compliant one time for all of our clients. It enables us to drive innovation for all of our book of business and 
version things flexibly nimbly off of one industrial strength platform. It's been hard to get here, it is a tremendous 
efficiency opportunity for us as we drive innovation and drive regulatory compliance. 

And as Cathy detailed already, our capital structure is extraordinarily optimize, we're going to continue to optimize that 
opportunities, that cash that we have given us and we do see opportunities to align with our clients and aligned with 
that puck is going as George said to drive incremental M&A and ultimately shareholder returns. And there is no 
question in our mind that these things are going to add up to a tremendous future for our company. Now, let me just 
talking, just a second and set the stage for Dr. Miller and Stephen who will be up here shortly, because when we put the 
companies together wasn't just bringing clients together and people together, it also created a differentiated platform off 
of which we will innovate. 

We call that platform health decision science and it really is where our differentiation will drive from. And so, Express 
Scripts the legacy company had a tremendous reputation and ability to drive results for their clients through applied 
behavioral sciences and what we call consumerology. By the same token, as was discussed earlier in the Q&A session, 
Medco had built a deep specialization of pharmacy model called the Therapeutic Resource Centers, which drove 
clinical specialization in all the chronic and complex disease states through the specialty pharmacy. 

We've retained both of these core differentiators, neither of these were materially or meaningfully done by other 
competitors, they are taking different paths. And so we took these two unique capabilities. These two unique and now 
we have them as one and we have them on a single platform and we have the data and the profound ability to know use 
that data to begin to drive differential value for our clients of that platform and here's the real powerful part that you're 
going to get a good sense I think. 

It is not one size fits all, by being on a single platform by having the flexibility and the robustness of that we are able to 
target at the client level, how we actually bring the solutions to bear to their particular needs and strategies. So this just 
gives you a little bit of the visual of these specific areas of what I call, product design and innovation that we bring to 
our clients and let me just spend a moment on this because there are a number of things that I want to call out. 

First of all, you can see there is a broad constellation of solution areas for us and our teams who are working directly 
with clients to work from. And the process is fairly straightforward. Multi-disciplinary account teams working with 
individual clients building three year plans and looking at the road map of opportunities based on where that client is 
today where they're trying to get to and what they've -- what are most important to them. 

So when I take a look at this, for example you take retail pharmacy network. You may have a client who today because 
they're in a case where they are hiring and employing largely high-end professional talent. They don't want to narrow 
the retail network right away. But what they're interested -- so they're in a wide-open network, they're on the node that's 
the furthest out, I'll call it here to being managed. 

But we see those clients now putting in things like our Express advantage network, which enables the member to still 
have wide access but encourages through the design members to potentially choose in more managed choice benefiting 
the payer up to three percentage points of their retail spend without denying a single pharmacy to the member, but I 
remember to make that choice and pay the difference or allowing the plan to do some things behaviorally with the 


member. 

So, when you look at that an accounting doesn't just bring something to the client and we're able to talk to the client 
about these things and build a roadmap. They may take that client down the road to saving additional money in the 
future, budgeting more effectively and obviously paying us and therefore paying you to implement these solutions to 
drive underlying savings without denying members choice. 

In every one of these areas that you see here, we have multiple, these nodes actually represent that you see these nodes 
represent specific programs and we're able to customize even inside those nodes for a particular clients. We're able to 
script things or send letters that are specifically unique, we're able to design how things work to clients need. And so 
we are extraordinarily well-positioned and again there is no one else in our industry that is as driven, focused, enabled 
and driving to the marketplace what we're doing in terms of this constellation of things and Dr. Stettin and Dr. Miller 
will take you much deeper into this. 

Now, let me take you into a client's office for a moment. This is literally a client that in the last couple of months, I 
spent some time with -- actually George and I both did and I want to show you the way we drive ultimately our 
accountability because it's not enough to have these things as you will ask me or many of you have, you know, do you 
guys take risk on this. Many of these products we absolutely do in as much as we will guarantee the results that we 
know we can achieve. Because again being in the position of managing member behavior as effectively as we know we 
can do and having the data that is as robust and having a single platform, we're able to accountably report results that 
clients and consultants absolutely believe and they pay us for. 

And so let me show you the way we talk to a client about what we do. Now, what I'll do is this client, we took him back 
to 2009. Now if you think about 2009 to 2013, we saw the advent of significant specialty growth, double-digit specialty 
inflation, specialty growing and this client has booked a business to 25 percentage points of the total spend. In that 
same time period, you can see that we delivered drug cost trend to this client in negative digits in four to five years and 
barely I think it was 2 percentage points in 2012. This is their drug trend year-over-year and this has normalized by the 
way for adding or subtracting lives. So from that standpoint it's a legitimate and very robust measurement. Okay. 

That is unbelievably terrific results. But it did not happen by accident. This is a client with whom we've partnered for 
years to put solutions in place including in our retail network. In 2012 to '13 in fact they put in a couple of -- this was a 
legacy Medco camp by the way. They put in a couple of our legacy Express Scripts things that we've built on the 
foundation 14, our platform. And so they had new offerings available to them that they didn't have under medical 
because we combine the best of both in the stuff that Steve and Glenn will talk about. 

At the same time this client competes for members in a space where they have to put premiums out in the marketplace 
and take risk on those premiums. And so this is not a client that could raise member cost share as a percentage of 
overall cost. So, their hands are tied and in fact the strong wish is to not pass on more to the member because those that 
are selecting from amongst the competitive offerings, we'll look at that part of the design. And so one of our jobs is to 
understand that and to bring solutions that enable them to drive down those trends and write premiums that are 
competitive without driving into the member's pocket. One of the ways we did that, the programs that we put into place 
drove generic fill rate, and I can tell you this is a client who over the years, we have put in their contracts guarantees 
about what we would achieve in terms of generic fill because we know the generic pipeline, we know their 
membership, we know what we can do to manage members effectively and so, we're able to help this client budget and 
put premiums into marketplace that they can absolutely cover and win with, with that generic fill rate. 

Now, here's the really exciting line on this page when you look at this, because this is -- it's hard to do, again, I could 
give you a list of the programs that are put into place. But here's the thing it's important, remember, this is a client who 
every year has to compete for lives. During the same time period when we were saving this kind of money for this 
client, they had 98% member satisfaction in almost every year, 97% in a low year, of the drug program. And that 
means satisfied or very satisfied in the surveys that were administered to their members. 

This is what we do, client like client, and the good news is, these results are not just achieved by driving generics. 
These results were achieved by aligning a whole series of solutions in a plan that drives the client's results and drives 


our underlying financial results, because the thing you don't see on this slide is at the same time this was all happening 
our EBITDA prescript for this client nearly doubled. 

So there is no question that being aligned with our clients is a fundamental part of the business model, it's not just 
words. I know you've heard George say it for years, our model of alignment. The challenge that we take every day is to 
keep redefining that and driving it out, whether that's new products that Glen and Steve will talk about or whether that's 
M&A. So let me just take you into who is the book of business that we have, because I think it's another profound 
strength of our company that investors need to understand. 

That is we have a terrific portfolio of clients. You can see the chart to the left here. I think it's well known we have a 
great employer book of business. I'll talk more about each of these in just a moment by the way. The two segments on 
the left, Medicare, Medicaid and Health Plans Commercial represent our health plan business. But again, we don't look 
at health plan as a health plan, we look at health plan by virtue of what lines of business do they specifically compete in 
because we have solutions in each of those lines of business uniquely. 

Medicaid is a very different animal than Medicare. MA-PD is a different animal than healthcare exchanges. Some of 
the tools certainly transcend the lines of business, but we have to understand and collaborate with our clients at that 
level of detail. And then federal programs which are tremendous, as George talked about, tremendous honor for us to 
have the DoD plus several of the federal employee health benefits plans. And so let me talk about each of these but let 
me first point out, the four words on the right represent how we think about driving account management and results 
for our clients. Our account teams are experienced and they are not just experienced in terms of years in our business. 
Our account teams are experienced in years in the specific area that a client is actually in. And what I mean by that is, if 
I look at our employer business, we actually have general managers or presidents over labor, middle market, public 
sector and then large employers. 

So even inside employers we are, what I like to call, the smallest big company in the world because if you are a middle 
market employer, we have a dedicated service model, you have team members on your team who have worked with 
middle market clients typically for years and who will understand the specific challenges that you would have as a 
2000-employee business which is very different than if you have a half a million employees or that if you are a labor 
union. And so they are experienced in that area. They are dedicated as heck. Our years of tenure are tremendous and 
I'm really proud of the folks that we have retained and we've added through this merger because we have retained a ton. 

I was just at a finals meeting where there were eight of us. We had 90 years of PBM experience at the table, eight of us, 
90 years. And no, I was not 70 of them. Lot of experience. It is tailored and so we will build a team to what the client is 
trying to achieve. And so for example, we have a client just this week where we've added a team member that never 
existed for us before in the area of specialty because it's an area of deep focus and we are going to collaborate in some 
very meaningful ways. And so we've actually built a specialty account executive for a client that's a PBM client. 

That's just one example how we can tailor our teams and we do tailor our teams. And I can tell you the one area that 
I've never been told no is if we needed to do something on account service to get it right in terms of aligning and 
collaborating with the client to drive outcomes, adding that resource is not an issue. We will find that money. 

And finally aligned. Down to the level where our account teams get paid based on client satisfaction, drug trend results 
for their clients and so forth. So literally, our client compensation or our team compensation aligns directly with the 
results that we do or don't achieve for clients. Let me start briefly by just describing each of these health plan focus. I 
put this up first for a reason. When we think about organic growth on the claims side in our business going forward, 
believe it or not, I view new sales as important. I view this as more important. I think as you think about us and we talk 
over the years, this is an area that we're going to talk a lot more about how are we helping our health plans grow in 
every line of business. 

We view this as critical and we are meaningfully collaborating with our health plans and helping our health plans 
collaborate with each other to actually learn best practices of how to sell pharmacy and grow their businesses. We see 
increase product demand, the things that historically health plans have not had as much uptick on. So when you ask me 
the question, how do I believe you guys will grow mail in the future. My answer to you in large part is because, I 


believe the health plans over the next five years, not only for their exchange business, but often starting with their 
exchange business, will in fact do so. 

And so this year for those clients that we have that are in the public markets and exchanges, 40% of them have some 
sort of mail program in place that goes all the way in some cases to very aggressive mail program. And I think it's the 
tip of the iceberg and that helps them manage risk. And by the way most of those, it's across the precious metals, it's not 
just in the lower metals because it's viewed as a way of managing risk and also creating better outcomes. 

As I've already said, we had a strong compliant platform that manages matters at ton here as it relates to the regulatory 
compliance. Our clients, when they think the amount of capital they have, would have to invest to stay compliant on the 
pharmacy side, if we were not doing it for over 100 of them once. It would staggered, it would literally take their 
capital when it we stuck it out there, out of their ability to innovate in their lines, their core lines of business. And so 
we're able to leverage our strong compliant platform. And I think over the next five years, this is going to be a 
fundamental differentiator for us. 

And then finally, we are able to tailor solutions for these clients, as I've already said on any number of levels. And they 
see, we see certainly continued opportunity just last week, you would've seen potentially a press release where we 
launched a constellation ratings advisor or able to take the clients where we have all of their data and actually consult 
with them as part of what we do as a partner and help them understand their star rating sensitivities and not just on the 
pharmacy side. 

And so again, we're beginning to I think leverage now this single platform and the footprint that we have with these 
health plans. Speaking of the footprint, let me just talk about that for a moment. Tremendous strength of our company 
is the fact that we have a very strong book of health plan business. It is obviously pretty much nationwide. You can see 
whether Medicare, Medicaid or the health exchange marketplace, we have a tremendous opportunity to grow this 
business in the long term, and we are aligned with our clients to get into these geographies and really work very closely 
with them to, not only maintain compliance, but importantly find ways to help them grow. 

The federal market for us this is an area we view growth ahead of us to occur. This is America. The focus is on value, 
so right down our strike zone in terms of the things that we do to create value for clients. You can see the home 
delivery, this is a marketplace that has been fearless, and working with us to put in our solutions and has been rewarded 
for doing so and has maintained very high number satisfaction as you can see. 

This is an area where our specialized knowledge helps the time, we have a dedicated federal division not inside the 
employer group, dedicated federal division that does nothing but pharmacy for the federal plans. And when we go out 
we talk to prospect in this space, it differentiates us and it opens up the conversation for our services and solutions that 
are working already for the clients that we have. 

And one of the things about this space is you do get audited by the government and so when OMB came in and took a 
look at is home delivery effective, and this was out -- was put out on their website, the conclusion was unambiguous 
and clear, that home delivery was driving incredible value and this market values -- the driving of value because they 
need it. Budgets are not give not getting less tight, in fact every one of the -- part of the federal government has goals 
they are going to have to hit over the longer term in terms of medical costs and pharmacy can be a meaningful 
contributor to that. 

Our large employer book has always been and continues to be very focused on aggressive cost management. These are 
self-insured folks. They bear the risk of bad decisions, but they also bear the benefit of working with us to put into 
place our clinical solutions, formulary, specialty and so forth, as well as those that are holding on retirees, things like 
our employer group waiver plan save tens of millions of dollars for these accounts. 

I would just point out, back to the -- before I talked a little bit about formulary management. This is the book of 
business that we primarily out of the chute drove our national preferred formulary strategy toward. Longer term we see 
health plans wanting to work with us now to leverage our scale and in other parts of the of our book, but this was where 
we were targeted and where the proof had to occur that we could execute an aggressive, appropriate clinical formulary 
strategy to deal with that fact that pharma inflation of 10% or more was not just a one-time effect, there was something 


that these guys wanted to work with us to help battle. 

The proof is very simple. For me, the proof is less the fact that we see them over $700 million in 2014 our employer 
book of business and have over 25 million lives on this formulary. But it's the fact that over 90% of this book of 
business are now on the national preferred formulary, over 90% are on the national preferred formulary, giving us the 
strength to take our scale and our leverage back to the table on their behalf and continue to fiercely battle those sorts of 
inflation rates while keeping clinical options for their patients where they need to be. 

Plan design execution is huge here. These are the clients that are putting in CDH plans that we administer, these are the 
clients who are putting in percentage co-pays and an increasing level, and those sorts of things. Their members have 
much more complicated questions than they did even three years ago, and we are well equipped, we've dedicated call 
center to take care of just CDH, for example. And so, these clients are looking for us to help them put in the things 
where they know they're maintain that high member satisfaction, but drive the drug trends down into the single digits or 
even below zero. And this is a marketplace where we help coordinate care across their providers as well. The real-time 
wired nature pharmacy, our single platform, which is very much an open architecture opportunity to integrate with 
other caregivers in their constellation of caregivers enables us to help them (inaudible) results and so on behalf of 
hundreds of clients, we can come to the table at vendor summits and actually enable better outcomes across their 
broader provider spectrum by virtue of what we're able to do in terms of that. 

So finally, I just want to again say that our relentless focus on long-term earnings growth has never been clear and 
when you take a look to the growth drivers of the future, as we look at our underlying EBITDA or earnings growth, I 
just want to call out a couple of it I've only briefly touched on or haven't touched on it all. So the first one is volume 
and this doesn't look like a very big slice and my hope is that we can make this slice bigger but understand part of the 
dynamic here is, in the first year you win something even if it's big, it's not going to be as profitable as it is long-term, 
also quite frankly there is on to the short-term some uncertainty as it relates to healthcare reform. 

So we're fairly conservative, I think, compared to our own internal targets about growing volume, but make no mistake 
about it, we're focused on it and we believe we are positioned to be share gainers over the next three to five years. 
Something we really don't talk much about, George just talked about a couple of elements of it, our adjacencies and 
these are businesses that you may not even know we have. These are businesses that while they play off of the strength 
of the core PBM are not about core PBM per se, but they're very meaningful to us. 

Now, one of things you would have seen is, us shedding certain businesses including the acute infusion business for 
example as we've got ourselves rock solid focused on doing the things that matter the most for our shareholders and for 
our clients. 

But that doesn't mean that we don't have other areas of opportunity as George said, and so let me just quickly talk about 
four of them. The first one is Econdisc. We were the first PBM with a GPO, it's kind of trendy now to have one and it's 
frankly smart and we're not done yet with this, we're still open for business here. This can still grow and add additional 
earnings to our company. And given our scale, given what we just showed we could do with the national preferred 
formulary, there's a lot of interest in this growing. 

Secondly, specialty distribution. So not only do we have our core specialty business branded Accredo, but we do a 
directed -- we do have a direct-to-physician specialty distribution business under CuraScript SD. In addition, the 
doctors will share with you a little bit about the RainTree thing that you may have read about as well. So the point is, as 
we see opportunity here in the specialty distribution business to actually have a relationship directly with physicians in 
certain therapies by virtue of supplying them just in time with the products that they need and being able to have 
dialogs about patient care and other things that are TRC bring to the table. 

So well especially distribution has been a nice little business for us, very nice little business, it's now turbocharged by 
virtue in fact that we have our TRCs and all that underlying knowledge. Working the way around the clock here, we 
still have a business in Canada, we no longer have businesses in -- PBM businesses in Europe or in China, but we do in 
Canada because it's interesting, it's profitable, it's growing, it's a single-payer environment. 


So it's a fun place to actually try things and learn things, it's also a market that need solutions, quite frankly and its close 
by. And so we -- while we're not going to be breaking out Canada and telling you it's 50% of earnings, it is a great 
opportunity for us to continue to contribute to underlying EBIT growth. And then finally, UBC it was what -- what we 
have with UBC was initially part of Medco acquisition that we looked at, we rationalize down to a business that 
actually is extraordinarily well aligned with what we all -- what we're all about. 

This is not only they -- do they work on behalf of pharma for REMS programs and safety programs, post-market 
surveillance and data capture and those sorts of things, but also work upstream in the earlier phases of development, 
helping from a gather the data report the data and do the other things involved with trial that frankly pharm is 
increasingly outsourcing. 

And UBC is a leader in Pharma outsourcing. What it does for us on top of creating its own profit pool, which is 
tremendously interesting and growing is, it also gives us tremendous insight up the pipeline to those drugs that we may 
be bringing into a credo downstream and positions us to know and compete for and be a viable competitor for the ones 
that are going to be the most profoundly important. 

I'll just point out these four, this collection of four non-core, if I want to call it that are adjacent entities, were by 
themselves be a Fortune 500 company growing at 30% a year EBIT. So we like this, we like this, we think there is 
room to add to this and do it in a way that continues to create shareholder value and align with our underlying mission 
of line. 

So when you really take a look at this, what you have is a tremendously balanced, tremendously right for the time and 
for the future collection of assets or capabilities. It will drive these will drive client retention, these will drive wins in 
the marketplace and importantly these will drive underlying profitability and results for our clients and our shareholders 
for the long term. 

Now, Dr. Stettin and Dr. Miller come back up, what they're going to do is basically do a deep dive for you and what 
you see now highlighted on the chart. They will take you through the fact that clinical up sells our an important part of 
how we service our clients and manage their cost and spend and take care of patients. And they are meaningful to 
shareholders from an earnings contribution standpoint. 

The fact that Specialty as its growing is also changing and the opportunities today and tomorrow aren't the same as the 
opportunities are yesterday, but they build off of them. The fact that home delivery and narrow networks continue to be 
important. We continue to have clients put into place more narrow retail strategies, put into place our behavioral 
economics driven mail solutions and again over the longer term, we see health plans adopting mail at an increasing 
rate. 

And finally formulary and as I said, we don't believe that the formulary hugely successful, formulary initiative that we 
did in 2013 for 2014 was a one-trick pony, not as long as brand inflation is in double digits and as long as new products 
continue to come to market that we can create competition with, with effective and appropriate clinical outcomes for 
patients. And we see a huge opportunity moving forward and so you'll hear more about that from Dr. Stettin and Dr. 
Miller as well. 

So with that, we had just a little bit of time if before break and I am happy to take any questions that you have before 
we take a 20-minute break. I don't know where the mikes are, okay, 

David Larsen, Analyst 

Thanks, Tim for all the color. Really appreciate it. David Larsen with Leerink Partners. Can you talk about with these 
public exchange based plans, assuming volume does pick up, it may not be this year, but it may very well be next year. 
I mean, ideally what you think about in terms of EBITDA per script. 

And if you don't want to get that specific, what should programs can you put in place for those members and what you 
think about in terms of long-term profitability? Thanks. 


Tim Wentworth, President 

So I think the -- what we've seen is obviously as George said, volume not what we were health plans would have 
necessarily helpful, although the returns are still coming in as it relates to that. But what I would say is the EBITDA is 
driven by -- the EBITDA is going to be driven by fundamentally tools that we collaborate with these plans to put in 
place to manage the members. 

And what I can tell you is, what we have modeled out and believe will be the case is that these lives will actually be as 
or more profitable than the typical health plan life because more of our risk management solutions are being brought to 
bear on average to help manage the underlying population that they actually can acquire not only that but some of our 
solutions actually make them somewhat more preferable to patients that would be looking at different alternative. 

So we see it is a powerful, positive in terms of, it will not just be scripts that actually don't bring EBIT with them. 

Running Mikes all around the room. Yes. 

Unidentified Participant 

Thanks. Two questions that hopefully will help us understand your competitive position. First, you've talked about 
Express being better able to tailor to its clients' needs and its competitors. Can you give us a sense of why that is the 
case, what it is that's really differentiating Express in a more specific way? 

And then second, you've talked several times about the value of being on a single platform. But it would seem that a 
number of your competitors have already got on a single platform or began on one. So while we recognize that being 
on a single platform, getting there is hard work and all that, where are you competitively based on that today versus 
others? 

Unidentified Speaker 

Sure. So, in terms of the elements they come together that I think differentiate us in terms of being able to do that, one 
is simply that we are the only -- I'm just giving you an example, we have a product called ScreenRx we've not even 
talked to you about today actually, because it's sort of -- it's important to us, it's not a huge profit driver and it leverages 
predictive modeling to drive adherence, actually I think we may mention it briefly. Those sorts of solutions are not 
being pursued by our competitors who have chosen to the -- largely focused on the strengths of their unique models. 
We think that this -- we know that for the clients that we work with us and the clients that we're talking to that are not 
our clients, a broader suite of solutions is critical. 

Let's take specialty, I think it was well known that Accredo was a premier specialty pharmacy and continues to be. 
Access, as you're going to see and I hate to steal the doctors' thunder, but access to more of the rare disease products 
than any other specialty pharmacy, so a single solution for payers in terms of the space that's growing the most 
aggressively and a destination for Pharma companies to be looking when they have new products where they need to 
care for patients, which is very interesting to our clients that we have the front row seat for that. 

So what I would say is that's the piece in and I would say, I think you'll see in Dr. Miller and Dr. Stettin's presentation 
the depth of the products and solutions that we're bringing to the market and I think it'll become fairly apparent if you 
go and compare it, that there are a number of areas that we're deeply different, applying the behavioral economics 
principles, it sounds really simple. I remember when I went to the FTC, they asked the question, why don't you just hire 
a consumerologist at Medco, you don't need to merge the two companies to get that. 

I thought we had tried for several years to adopt our programs, it's not just as simple as that. It really is, what's the 
fabric of the company driven to do. And the fabric of our competitors is driven to do some very specific and unique 
things with some add-ons, our fabric is to be an independent and clinically focused PBM. And that resonates very well 
when a payer is paying the bills for chronic and complex patients. 


In terms of the single platform, I take your point, although there are certainly competitors that are not on a single 
platform and have talked about moving to one, but have not yet succeeded in it, which means they have that heavy lift 
to do at minimum. But also what I would say is the platform that we have and the open architecture it brings, again, 
what I would say is you can go on to channel checks. It enables us to do things such as easily link in with plans, 
whether that's for real-time debiting for CDH or other things or whether that is for doing things like working with 
health coaches and having our patient Health Action Plan be available to a health coach for diabetes patients that our 
plan is actually paying for. 

And so our focus on doing that is unambiguous. That puts us in a very good position for example for competitors who 
say the only way to achieve real outcomes is the pharmacy back end. The fact the matter is for our health plans, we 
absolutely drive that for them. But for our car well clients, we can integrate with any health plan they have in real-time 
drive the power of our programs into their medical programs. 

So we see that as a fundamental differentiator in the platform is what enables that to do not a way to do it but to do it as 
cost effectively as we can do it as well. I wont to even get into the regulatory environment how much we spend on 
staying regulatory compliant, what I know is this, we have a platform that's built for that. I mean I can tell you coming 
from the Medco side that the foundation 14 platform as we call it, which was the seeds of which was the Medco 
platform. 

If you think about Medco's growth from 2007 to 2011, it was driven by the growth of Medicare Part D and the 
regulated business lines. And we evolve that platform aggressively to be extraordinarily responsive to being able to 
make changes in a high narrow environment and a complex environment for payers. 

So again, I agree with you that certainly everyone, there are many that have single platforms. I think our scale and the 
platform that our scale has enabled us to build is going to be extraordinarily important over the years. Thanks for the 
questions. It's a good question. 

We see you next time, I promise. 

Unidentified Participant 

Hi. Regarding formulary management, it looked on the slide that was about the EBITDA growth of about low 20% of 
the growth would be from formulary management. So I'm just curious, you made some comments regarding 25 million, 
I think it was lives and 90% of clients. So I'm just wondering from a life perspective that percentage is much lower I 
believe. So I'm just wondering how high could it go up on a percent of through total book? 

And also you mentioned you had made some changes for this year for the formulary management changes that's not a 
one trick point keep going. So I'm wondering how much incremental new lives do you get when you make those types 
of changes? So is it sort of, we made a lot of changes, we expect a lot of movement in formulary management for this 
year in terms of growth because of it or is it sort of? 

Tim Wentworth, President 

So first part first, formulary management in terms of the percentage as part of it is we gain share back to the clients 
obviously and we also have -- it speaks as much to the profitability in some of those other areas as it does to the fact 
that formulary management is driving a significant value for us. I'd also say that our formulary management is -extends 
beyond just this one formulary in terms of what we're paid to do as well, but this one is very important. But 
make no mistake about it, there is -- that 700 million you see the -- plus the clients are getting is extraordinarily 
meaningful part of what we're able to collect in total. But we see it growing and again, Dr. Miller I believe will speak 
more about sort of that process. 


In terms of longer term, we -- it is -- my comment that it's not a one-trick pony. We will add more lives, so there is no 
question over time -- we already have clients that are conversing with us about even doing at mid-year because we 
actually -- through our ability to manage member behavior better than others, we actually have clients that have the 
confidence to do mid-year of changes with us. They look to Walgreens, we're less than one-tenth of 1% of any patients 
(inaudible) to talk to a human being in our company to make the switch because it was so easy. They've lived through 
other things like the Lipitor piece, so they trust us to do these things. 

So we certainly have clients that are putting it in 41 or 71 [ph] and we have clients who are again not necessarily 
importer clients who are looking at it, for example, even in the federal space, not the DoD but even in the federal space, 
FEHBP plans, potentially looking at it for '15. 

We also have health plans that are looking at either the drug level or even formulary level to see what we can do 
together even if it's just for commercial lines of their business. And so, I think you're going to see it not as profoundly -you're 
not going to see it go from 25 to 50 million but you could see it go from 25 to 28 to 30 million over the next 
couple of years. 

But also importantly, it's not a one and done deal, there are products and firms that want to sit back down with us right 
now. I can tell you, the conversations a year ago are very different than the conversations today. Today our credibility 
level is even higher because we executed it and sold it through the marketplace and so the value we create in the future 
won't just be by adding lives, it'll actually be by again looking at the formulary and saying, what are -- where are their 
other classes where we can disrupt very few patients and at the same time create clinically equivalent outcomes and 
drive significant savings to payers. 

Increasingly that's going to be in the specialty area by the way, because we see that pipeline is -- Dr. Miller is going to 
talk about the drug pipeline generally which is very robust and the specialty pipeline certainly is part of that, and clients 
are willing to work with us to put these management tools in place because they work and they don't make members 
unhappy. And so, I think you are going to see that be part of the puzzle as well. 

Thank you for the question. Lisa? 

Unidentified Participant 

Thanks, Tim. I think my questions are really around the exchanges as we move forward, so first on the private 
exchange side, if we look at the biggest private exchange, the share was accurate where was all fully insured cars back 
end. And I think you made a comment that health plans becoming more profitable, but can you help us to understand a 
health plan relationship today versus an employer and health plan ever get to the same level of profitability as an 
employer. So therefore the concern I think for many investors has been that you're going to see large employers move 
to private exchanges, those members get curve back-end and it's not as profitable for the PBM? 

Tim Wentworth, President 

Sure, so thanks for the question. It's -- the private exchanges are first of all evolving as you know. And I think even if 
you were to speak to the principles of the firms that are driving and they would say that you know the model today may 
or may not be the model in a couple of years. There is a debate about where some of the rates for the fully insured stuff 
teaser rates or in fact will that manifest itself in outer years at the same low levels on a PMPM basis. 

And I think you know we'll see that. I have a sense of that. There's another debate that goes on about the level of 
service on the pharmacy side. Interestingly that that comes from some of the carved in participants, particularly the 
smaller ones that have smaller PBMs as their underlying service provider and there's been some noise about that as well 
that we've heard from clients who have moved. 

So all of that, just first of all, I expect it will evolve and any evolution away from the model you see today probably 
comes even more in the our wheelhouse or a strike zone, either through self-insured and you do see is at least a couple 


exchanges now having both self-insured and fully insured. You see at least one exchange that has both the ramp as well 
as a carved in model. 

And so I think that's TBD and then when you overlay that the fact that you know I saw the report yesterday that said up 
to a third, may be considering what will consider exchanges and maybe moving, which tracks sort of with our 5-year 
outnumber as well. 

We look at that and say, first of all, it probably is not as material as you think. Secondly, we're well positioned both 
inside of significant health plan players who have grown share. We grew share, this share based on private exchanges 
by the way. We've in detail that because it was a material but netting it out, we actually have more lives today. Net-net, 
net than did before. If I take the clients that went into exchanges that where our direct clients, the clients who we 
acquired through exchanges to health plans and again because a lot of those have PDM tools in it. 

The profitability shift and that is not dramatic at all and to the extent that we can gain some share by virtue of 30% of 
employers moves generally, I'm not the only PBM with employers in the book, so he know when Walgreens went in 
the exchange for example. Now, we get to service some of the numbers, which we didn't before. 

So I think over time, you're going to see it play out. It's not going to be hugely material, but importantly, we are there 
with the kind of solutions that we have even for risk bearing entities are exactly the right ones and I think they'll align 
us well, both with the N payer, as well as with the players inside of the exchanges. So it's more to follow we're going to 
keep you posted on it, but right now, it's all in line. Our guidance are 10% to 20% long-term guidance is fairly 
conservative in our assumption, mean -- conservative meaning I don't think you'll see the (inaudible) move that we've 
actually got sort of in our mind as it relates to when we put that out there. Thanks for that question. Well, we have time 
for couple more. 

Unidentified Participant 

Good morning, Tim, thanks. George Hill from Deutsche Bank. I guess can you talk about the pressure that you're 
seeing on utilization from benefit design change on the employer side and how should we think about that going 
forward with the increasingly high level of CDHP plans in HSA? A lot of the retail pharmacies think that the benefit 
design changes are a natural headwind to utilization. I guess just talk about what you think about that? 

Tim Wentworth, President 

I think -- where that probably manifests -- it's a good question. Where it probably manifests itself more is in the 
quarterlies, because if you think about January -- what do you do in December if you're in a plan and you've got either a 
reserve balance that's about to go to zero or you're thinking about going away or for -- you're going to order your next 
90 days from our mail service pharmacy, right. You're go into retail and get for your next 30 to 90 days. And so, I think 
you may see some stuff sucked into the fourth quarter every year that would otherwise emerge in the first quarter. 

Part of our job and Dr. Stettin's job through our TRC just to make sure that those patients are just doing that and that 
they aren't actually delaying taking the medications that are necessary for them. And we are focused on particularly the 
important medications, not the stuff that frankly doesn't matter much to us or our clients but the stuff that really 
matters, the heart meds and those sorts of things, (inaudible), and so we look at that very, very carefully. 

And I do think there's no question that as plan designs become more consumeristic, particularly with front-end 
deductibles and so forth, that part of the job of the PBM is to help those patients recognize the value of staying on those 
therapies and make sure that we've got the information available on our website, on our digital assets such as the app, 
such that the member has access to the balancing and in those sorts of things just so they can even easily see what their 
reimbursement is going to be and how it's going to play out. 

So, I don't think it's a huge headwind. I think it is -- it probably a small one and it's one that we're built to mitigate. 


Glen Santangelo, Analyst 

Tim, Glen Santangelo from Credit Suisse. I just want to follow-up with you. On the presentation today, it kind of 
sounds like you're talking a lot more about the clinical up sells and the adjacencies is driving that member retention. 
Back in the summer when you were talking about the growth drivers, mail order seems to be a lot bigger part of the 
growth story and I think at that time you laid out a near-term goal of 40% penetration with maybe a stretch goal of 
60%. 

Could you talk about where you stand now and what you see over the next couple of years in terms of mail order 
penetration? And are we seeing the drug retailer's Retail 90 programs have a cannibalization effect and that mail order? 

Tim Wentworth, President 

So, we continue to be bullish about mail, and I won't steal doctors' thunder who's going to go into mail fairly in good 
detail. Other than to say, this is still an important driver for us, it's very sticky, clients they have it, love it. Clients 
continued to adopt programs and you can see a chart on that in terms of both our refill programs and mail programs 
themselves. 

I think the rate limiter for us to get into 60 is going to be how quickly can we drive it through health plans, because it's 
a tougher up sell and we will never be 60% in a health plan, unless they having only commercial book of business, 
because Medicare and Medicaid is just a different animal, not that we don't have certain mail programs for those 
markets, but the adoption is just naturally somewhat slower. 

So we're still focused on it, it's still a key driver, it's in -- when you look at that formulary change, it enables our ability 
to rapidly deliver to the manufacturers that stepped up in terms of the share shift there, and do it in a way that gets no 
phone calls to my office from clients in terms of it not working. 

So mail-in of itself is important to us. Mail-in our healthcare strategy is important to us, it continues to be a key player 
for employers and it's an enabler for the other programs that we run. 

But I'd also say though is in terms of retail 90, there is a market for that. We actually have two products for that not one 
and one that you probably saw us launch lastly with Walgreens and then we have one that actually does not include 
Walgreens that includes other key players and it has a larger store count, but doesn't have Walgreens in it. And what we 
see in that is in -- you're not exactly asking this, but let me share it. Clients who have high mail penetration today are 
not at all in our book of business backsliding into 90 day programs at the retail level. There is negligible to no interest 
in that. 

But we did have several new business wins, including one large national accounts, whereby the virtual effect we had a 
retail 90 program, we're able to actually win that account, because that was what they wanted for their members. And 
what I would say about that program, that might be surprising to you, is not only this retail 90 drive retail 90 scripts and 
therefore save clients' money, it drives mail. And so what we see in paid -- if you take a population that didn't have a 
retail 90 or as strong mail program and you layer in a retail 90 program, both retail 90 scripts and mail scripts 
materially go up, because you communicating the patient by choice, you're not communicating just about retail, if 
you're doing the job right as a PBM. 

And so we continue to even see those as opportunities, the profit profile and that is not materially different than an 
underlying client that would have say 40% male either. So it is a key part of our strategy. But it is something we'll 
continue to talk you about and be accountable before, here Dr. Stettin talk about it. But what I would say, is its one 
element. 

And it's time for one more and so I hand over there. I know we're going to have some more Q&A at the end too. So I'll 
apologize that we can on break. Some of you probably need that though. 


Peter Costa, Analyst 

Yes, Peter Costa, Wells Fargo Securities. I calculate your gross profit per adjusted claim, if I sort of back into what 
you're forecasting for 2014. It looks like you're looking for an acceleration of that in 2014. So if I look at the donut that 
you have in the various pieces of that, which is the ones contributing the most that acceleration in 2014? 

Tim Wentworth, President 

Sure, I'll take it first and then I'll let George or Cathy may jump in here. But let me just say in terms of donut, okay, the 
formulary piece is very important to us. So, that's a key element of growing our per claim. Two is before adjacent 
businesses I showed you that don't really create claims but create EBITDA obviously help turbo charge your EBITDA 
per script as well. 

Beyond that I mean those two are obviously important. They contribute sort of the way that they were actually to trade 
up there, but. 

Cathy Smith, Chief Financial Officer 

I will just add, it's the continued up sells throughout the year, which is the account teams as well as the home delivery 
will contribute to that growth as well. 

George Paz, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

Which also had to remember is that all those businesses growing. We've only sell formularies, its gives the 
conversation going. And pulls through generics as well as pulling through the branded products. 

We do our best when we put those charts up to show what percentage of our EBITDA growth is coming from the 
different pieces. At the end of the day if I've got some money on the phone, talking to you know, Mrs. Henry about 
formulary opportunity to save herself quite a bit of money, we are going to mentioned mail and we're going to talk 
about the other opportunities and so all these things are in a twine and they add to the whole puzzle. 

That's what the clients want, right, because if we can just roll out the formulary changes that's going to give us a certain 
level of savings. But it was 10 slide when you're talking about looking at trends that are running over 10% brand 
inflation and over 14% especially inflation with utilization mixed in. There's a big amount you got to cover in order to 
get the clients' drug costs stay at zero or slightly negative. And it's all of those pieces that come together to help make 
that happen. 

So you know again we try our best to get those donuts if you will, right, but obviously we're selling formulary probably 
zones, some generics zones on some mail zones on others specialty. 

Tim Wentworth, President 

And being specialty, yeah, that's a really important pieces is those clients trust you as George says, the specialty piece 
are really interesting spectrum on its own. You may start by just narrowing someone's network to us in one other or just 
to us, but that quickly then gets the trust and you've now got the control environment to put in place utilization 
management programs that drive additional savings is then put rebate managing programs on top of that, you then 
move on to the medical side and it creates a whole additional area of opportunity for us, and that all drives the 
profitability as well. 

What we can do now is take a 20-minute break until 10:30. We will try to start at 10:30 sharp because we want to get 
out of here in time. Ladies rooms are that way, men's rooms are that way and we will be back here in 20 minutes. 


Thank you. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome back Tim Wentworth. 

Unidentified Speaker 

Who's that voice, because that's pretty impressive. Alright, it's like I will pay attention. So it's my pleasure to introduce 
my two colleagues, Dr. Miller, and Dr. Stettin. Just a little bit of a word about each of them. Dr. Stettin -- first of all, a 
word about what they're going to talk about. As you can see, they're going to deeper on several of the areas. Now let me 
be really clear, at the end of this process, one of our goals today is that as you leave and sort of digest everything that 
we've said -- we've given you plenty of things to point to when you when you interact with David Myers and talk to us 
about specific questions that you have. 

And so to the extent that we have specific slides that you've seen that you want to understand more about or you want 
to go deeper as you're building your models, our goal is that you walk out and be able to say to David, hey, I saw this 
and this and I want to talk about that. So David's going to be a busy guy after this, but that is -- that is pretty much the 
goal. With that being said, we want to go deep on three areas that are we think incredibly relevant in terms of, as you 
model and think about our ability to grow. And again part of this is really demonstrating not only our commitment to it 
but in fact that there is a solid base underneath of it. 

So with doctor -- so first I am going to introduce Dr. Miller. and Dr. Miller was just profiled. He is the only person 
profiled in Fierce Biotech. That's -- I don't how many of you -- anybody here seen this? So Fierce Biotech -- a lot of, I 
think you have some fans, doctor. In Fierce Biotech profile. Dr. Miller is one of the truly, most aggressive and leading 
thinkers in the whole management across in biotech area. And he -- it is deservedly so and I think you'll see why after 
Dr. Miller speaks. Dr. Miller will be followed by Dr. Stettin, a colleague -- a long colleague -- a 15-year colleague of 
mine. I was thrilled when Dr. Stettin made the trip to St. Louis with me and we moved into similar neighborhoods and 
it has been terrific to have him on the team. And so I have the good fortune of being surrounded by incredibly smart 
guys that are driving value for you as well as for our patients, and so with that, Dr. Miller, I turn it over to you. 

Steve Miller, Senior Vice President & Chief Medical Officer 

Thanks, Tim. Thank you all for being with us today. As Tim you, told I'm Steve Miller. I came to Express Scripts about 
nine years ago. My background is that actually I'm a transplant kidney doctor. I was the Vice President of Washington 
University in Barnes-Jewish, so a number three med school and number six hospitals. And when George was recruiting 
me nine years ago, he was really with the idea that this was actually even a better platform than a great university to try 
to change healthcare. 

And in fact it's turned out to be that and you'll see that going forward now with the combination of Medco it's even a 
better platform for us to change healthcare. So we're really excited about what the future is, and it really is this platform 
that Tim alluded to briefly of health decision sciences. And so, I want to unpack for you a little bit why that is so 
incredibly powerful to change healthcare. So one of the questioners asked, what really differentiates us and I think I 
want -- I think after this you'll understand. 

If you think of why I was so excited to come to Express Scripts, it turns out that pharmacy is incredibly powerful. 
Pharmacy is the sharp end of the sphere our healthcare. You go to a hospital on average less than once a year. You go 
to a doctor on average less than twice a year. You use your pharmacy benefit almost 11 times a year. If we can harness 
that, if we can take advantage of every time a member goes to pharmacy, and provide them the education and provide 
them the tools, we can actually impact healthcare, global healthcare, in a truly remarkable way. 


In fact, when we calculate how much money is wasted in the $2.8 billion spent in healthcare in the United States every 
year, if you did pharmacy well you could take over $400 billion out of the system. And it comes in three flavors. In the 
green, you'll see $56 billion that's still members making bad drug choices. That is when there is a cheaper branded drug 
or a cheaper generic that's available for that member. And if I could be the (inaudible) drugs and moves the entire 
country to the right product, $56 billion in savings. In the orange, you see pharma choices. This is when the members 
are not optimizing where they're going to their pharmacy. So if you're on chronic medication and you're not getting it 
through mail or if you're on a chronic or acute medication and not going to the least expensive retail or if you're on a 
specialty medication and not using a specialty pharmacy, $33 billion wasted each and every year. 

But as you can see, the biggest part of this pie is actually bad health choices. This is when people, despite a good doctor 
recommend the right thing, people aren't getting (inaudible). And a lot of this, a huge part of this, is that people just 
don't take their medications. As you know, if a person started on a chronic medication, the chance to them continue 
taking even a year later is only about 50%. And so, there is enormous amounts of waste from bad health choices. 

And these bad health choices are not just adherence, they're also what we call gaps in care. This is when a diabetic is 
not getting an ACE inhibitor. This is when the heart patient is not getting aspirin. It is all those idiosyncrasies in the 
system which patients are getting sub-optimized care. It's prolonging their illnesses, it's causing them to end up in 
emergency rooms, it's prolonging hospitalizations. This is all avoidable ways. And if we did pharmacy well, if we truly 
made this the sharp end of the sphere, we should be able to ring that out and that is what we're paid to do and that is 
actually also how we make money. 

And we do it on a platform that cannot be replicated in the marketplace. So Tim talked about this briefly, but I want to 
unpack this a little bit for you. We have this platform that is made of three incredibly powerful things that are really 
difficult to put together. On the top you see consumerology or behavioral sciences. Express Scripts spent an enormous 
amount of effort becoming truly experts in applying behavioral economics to healthcare. And only now do you see 
even other healthcare providers starting to trickle it in to how they do their business and we're going to show you some 
examples in just a second. 

On top of it, as you know, George had Therapeutic Resource MD, then he went out and bought the company. 
Therapeutic Resource Center, that is heading specialist pharmacists to care for patients, is truly incredibly important. 
When you think about your own care or the care of your loved ones, you would never have your cancer treated by a 
generalist, you'd go to an oncologist. You wouldn't have your heart failure treated by a family practitioner, you'd go to 
a cardiologist. Why should you treat your pharmacy any different? 

When you think about what are -- people have the experience there and what you can't replicate at the counter where 
you have only have one or two pharmacists, we have experts across 15 different diseases encompassing the vast 
majority of pharmacy spend and it is that specialization that truly can't be replicated anywhere else. You can take that 
with all of our data. So we have the pharmacy data on a 100 million people. We have the combined pharmacy and 
medical data on almost 25 million people. It may be the largest repository of data in the country. If you think about this, 
if we were a country on our own, we'd be the 12th largest country in the world. 

And so we have enormous amount of data to wrap this in and if you put these three things together, we have our 
platform called Health Decision Science and this is what differentiates us. This is what can't be replicated in the 
marketplace and I'm going to show you the power of this as we go forward. 

But it drives all the drivers you've heard about as far as our revenue. And while we're talking about our revenue, it's not 
just better health for the patients, it's lower cost for the patient, it's lower cost for the client, and it's more return to 
investors. And so it drives the formulary management, it drives the clinical solutions, it drives especially home 
delivery, everything you see on this chart is driven by this platform. 

Now let me talk about the behavioral sciences a little bit. So, historically, what you've been used to both personally, but 
also if you follow the industry is that every PBM had one or two different tools they could bring out to clients. They 
had these passive tools, which are mostly education programs, educating them on the value of generics and the value of 
mail. And as you can see, they're well accepted on the X-axis, no one minds the education, they just doesn't work; and 


so the efficacy is relatively low. 

On the other side of the equation, you see the mandatory programs, you have mandatory mail. Sure, everyone can get 
their script at mail, it works really, really well, it has high effectiveness, but members chafe at it and planned sponsors 
chafe if you're putting it in because they don't want to get the feedback from the members, they don't want to hear about 
the disruption. 

So there has to be something better in what we believe it is, is in this upper right-hand corner, this is our behavioral 
sciences. This includes things like free messaging, choice architecture, predictive models, other things that are being -you've 
seen in other industries, but you rarely see in healthcare. So let me give you some examples of other industries. 

Many of you recognize on the left, this from a famous pet-stores and if you read -- as you're checking out. So these 
people are not doing engagement all the time, they're just engaging you at the exact (Technical Difficulty) right time, 
they're interrupting you exactly at the right time. You have to check-out counter. There is a queue person behind the 
counter checking out. There is a line of people behind you in this message comes up, say don't hate to help, save 
homeless pets. 

Now, everyone is watching you, are going to hit that big red button that says no, thank you. You're going to do 
homeless pets or you are going to give a little bit of your money. This is actually not consumer friendly, you don't 
know, but it's just interrupting you at the exact right time, it's not full time engagement and noticed the words that you 
use, this is frame messaging, they don't say help save strays, it never give -- you don't care about strays, but homeless 
pets, there's just something wrong there. 

How can you tell leave them be, they have -- this famous pet store has raised $41 million not of their money of your 
money to give to homeless pets. Just by putting, how you behave. You're all recognized the middle one, that's the ATM 
machine, there is nothing different in an ATM machine than a limited pharmacy network. You go to your banks 
preferred ATM, you pay one fee. You may get it even free. You go to someone else's ATM you're going to pay a 
higher fee. You have the choice, you have, you can use any ATM in the United States. It's a great thing, but for you -the 
bank that sponsors you, you're going to bear the cost, if you go elsewhere. 

And so it acts just like a limited pharmacy network, we are going to show you, how we applied this exact same 
principal of ATMs to drive members to limited pharmacy networks. I mentioned to you already, I am a transplant 
doctor in Europe, they had this incredible problem of donor shortage. The Europeans have addressed this much 
differently than Americans have, but it's something we've applied and this is really simple choices, this is opt-out. 

In Europe, in several countries what they did as they assumed everyone want to donate their organs. Now you could opt 
out but if you didn't do anything you are opted in. Ensure enough, this is actually solved the organ shortage in Germany 
in many other countries, because you automatically are donor. And this is the way we actually treat many of our 
programs. We put people automatically in it, we continue to preserve their choice because people really want choice 
and plan sponsors want to give their members choice and we'll show you how we've applied this to pharmacy also. 

So here is a graphic example. This is a State Labor -- a Statewide Labor Union, 33,000 lives. What we did for their 
generic to drive their generics and we put them into what's called selects step. We essentially reached out to every 
member before they even were on drug and we said, listen, if there is a cheaper drug available to you, do you want us 
to reach out to your doctor and content, 97% of members signed up for that. Only 3% opt out, who wants opt out of us 
calling your doctor to get cheaper drugs. Well, if you think about the implications of that, we have 97% of people 
volunteering to be in step therapy. If their plan sponsor had actually told them, you have to be in step therapy, think 
about all the calls, they would have gotten to drug department by doing this by the members actually volunteering to be 
in step therapy. 

They were able to drive the generic fill rate over three years, up 22%. Same thing for a home delivery, we put them into 
select home delivery, we essentially said if you're on a chronic medication, we're going to be courteous enough to send 
it to your home, you need not do anything. If you still want to go to retail, you cannot doubt, but you know what the 
vast majority of people say, hey, it's going to just come to my home. This is a great deal. I'll take that we were able to 
drive up their home delivery by 211%, we say this client over three years, $25 million and the members were thrilled, 


because we preserved choice. This is using behavioral economics to its fullest and no one else in the marketplace is 
doing this. 

And so these health -- so this platform of health decision scientists truly gets our membership to where we want them to 
go. And it gets to better clinical solutions in the reason you needed, it is because in the future you're going need even 
more. So you've heard the pharmaceutical companies tell you there is nothing in the pipeline where was we. There is 
5,400 drugs in human testing in the United States today. In my 30 years in healthcare, we have never had more 
products in the pipeline that what we have today and they're not just for specialty classes. We are seeing new drugs 
across enormous populations. 

So I'll give you one example, you see high cholesterol, there is 71 million people in the United States have high 
cholesterol. For the first time in 20 years, we have in stage three trials several new different types of products for high 
cholesterol. There is one type of product PCSK-9 inhibitors that are truly remarkable. Remember that your LDL 
cholesterol is the bad cholesterol, you want to keep that level below a 100. With stat and you can tend to get people 
treated down to levels of about 70. People that are born inherently with really low cholesterol levels get down to LDL 
cholesterol of 30. These PCSK-9 inhibitors in the early trials got members down to a level of 30. 

If you are born with natural LDL cholesterol of 30, you're essentially immune to heart disease, you don't get heart 
disease, you don't get stroke, you don't get peripheral vascular disease. Now, I don't know if the effects of treating has 
the same way effect has been born that way. But if you think about the number of people who are statin failures or 
statin powder, who may be candidates for these new drugs. And the price those drugs instead of being a couple hundred 
dollars a year now over $1,000 a year. You're talking about stress the plan sponsors like they've never seen before 
because we never had expensive drugs for classes (inaudible). You can move to the diabetes, I can give you the same 
story Alzheimer's, obesity, everyone of these is an enormous challenging, everyone of them, their drugs in the pipeline 
that are going to put enormous stress and so when think about our solutions, getting patients to the right drugs is really 
crucial. 

And we have a whole suite of solutions, we don't have the time to go through all these today, but these are really potent 
solutions that are provided by our unique platform that allow us to do this for our patients. But I want to delve into a 
couple. We talked a little bit about this in the third quarter call. You've heard a little bit about this, but this really 
important going forward. So back in the '90s you saw formulary management was really important to drive rebates. 
Formulary management is coming back in an enormous way. 

Remember that even though the generic fill rates going to be exceeding 80%, 75% of the spend is still going to be for 
the branded products represented by those 20% of drugs. The amount a management that you need is crucial but 
remember also, many of these are going to be specialty drugs and who is going to be able to best make those changes. 
A general as pharmacists or pharmacies that specializes in cancer or hepatitis or something else. 

They are going to be the ones that can actually have that informed conversations with the doctor, with the patient to 
make those changes. And I want use the example of what we did this year with our national preferred formulae. We 
took just 1% of drugs of our formulae. So we went out to formulae before this year and we said listen, this is going to 
be a very competitive year. You really have to step up. We took one percent, 48 drugs off our formulae and these drugs 
had very specific characteristics. Not only was there something clinically available that would give the patient equally 
their outcome. 

But 90% of these drugs were actually getting coupon and you know pharmaceutical companies don't coupon drugs 
because there's not a competitor out there. They only coupon because they know there is a viable clinical competitor 
against them. So 93% of them had coupons out there. We took off these 48 drugs. 97% plus of our patients were not 
impacted at all. It was a yarn to them. They didn't even know this happened. Yet we were able to drive 3% savings to 
our clients by just taking off these 48 drugs. 

And the pharmaceutical companies have paid huge attention to this. Because for the first time, we also took off some 
specialty drugs. But we also took off some very popular branded products and has it work, it's worked really well. Tim 
already told you this. Over 90% of our clients were eligible for -- already signed up for. We now have a list of clients 


that are not only hoping to get into the preferred formulary as soon as possible. We have managed care companies that 
are saying, what if we actually match your formulary, can we actually piggyback on this. And so the growth of this has 
tremendous legs to it, but also I wanted to give you some early results of what it's doing. In the first 30 days, if you 
look at the expenses of the preferred product versus now the new non-preferred excluded product, we'll be able to see 
70% conversion. 

We have driven their market share down by 70% in just the first 30 days and I would tell you the results for February 
are coming in even better, we are driving their market share down dramatically and we knew all they ask, how many 
people are giving the medical exception, for most drugs is less than 1%. And so, the conversions are happening and 
what's even better about it, no one's hearing about it. Because of our behavioral sciences, because we know how to 
reach out to the patients. The doctors, the pharmacist who are being able to make these conversions without disruption 
in the marketplace. 

And so those who were not initially on the front end and is one of the fast followers, because they've been impressed by 
how seamlessly we've been able to execute on this. But it's not enough to just have the right formulary list, people don't 
move by themselves, you have got to put in place all the tools. So these are the up sales teams talking about, you have 
to put in place all the tools that actually in forces this. 

And so by having the right utilization management tools by having the right clinicians in the clinical quality and 
expertise, that is how we move these members and how we move them seamlessly, so that they're getting better clinical 
outcomes, lower costs in the member, lower cost to the client and increased profitability for express this. 

Now we can actually do these tools on the pharmacy side, just as well as with the pharmaceutical companies. So we 
talked about how we did this on the drug side. Now we're going to turn our attention to how we do this on the 
pharmacy side or the channel side. And this is the narrow networks in home delivery. As you all know, there is no 
shortage in the marketplace of Starbucks. You walk through New York there must be a Starbucks in almost every 
corner. There is a 11,000 Starbucks in the United States alone. There is 14,000 accounts, so if you think about that 
combined all McDonald's, all the Starbucks 25,000 locations. There are 65,000 places you can buy pharmaceuticals 
legally. 

And so the choice out there is enormous and for you to be able to actually narrow that, but historically plan sponsors 
have not wanted to know narrow their network, in fact they used to advertise, we have the broadest network. But what 
we've been able to teach them over time is just like if you make narrow farmers formulary you can get savings. If you 
narrow your network, if you drive volume to the retailers, they will give you bigger discounts, but you have to be able 
to drive their volume. And so we've developed a whole host of solutions for our plan sponsors. What you see on the 
X-axis is going from the broadest to going to the right to the most narrow network the broadest networks will have over 
65,000 pharmacies. 

Now remember every one of these pharmacies also has Express Scripts mail. But you can go from 65,000 pharmacies, 
so if you go to the narrow networks on the far right side it's around 25,000. So you can actually cut out enormous 
number of pharmacies continue to have great access for your members and we provide actually our clients geo access 
on that, so they can actually see how much disruption is going to be, how many people run to drive, one mile further to 
get their pharmacies. And then if you go on the Y-axis from the lowest savings up to the highest savings. 

And so what you can see is, we now provide people a whole host of solutions for a narrow networks. It has given us the 
power to have savings there, just like we have on the drug side, tremendously powerful. Let me give you a great 
example and that's the elderly [ph] this may be the hardest group, these people love their pharmacists in their pharmacy. 
When we look at what they're buying when they're making the choice, almost all of them are picking narrow network, 
75% of the elderly had actually narrowed their networks in 2014. 

And so even if you take the toughest group to move, they actually are willing to narrow their networks, because they 
see the savings. So again, it's repetitious but it's savings remembers, it savings for clients and it's better for Express 
Scripts and our shareholders. This is the ATM story, right. You as a patient with a narrow network can still go to any 
pharmacy you want. You can go to all 65,000 but if you go to the narrow networks, the preferred pharmacy, you 


actually get more savings and what happens is when we institute this. 

As you can see on the left, whereas 41% of people are at the preferred pharmacy even to begin with. Almost all the 
patients migrate to the preferred formulary quickly and so post implementation 81% of the scripts are flowing through 
the preferred pharmacy and for the plan sponsor those people who are not going to the preferred pharmacy are picking 
up more of the cost themselves because their co-pay is higher there. 

And members are choosing this themselves, so it doesn't matter if you put them into their own PDP, they choose it but 
also plan sponsors are doing it and again because of the way we do it, because of we are adding the behavioral 
economics, it's done without any pull back, because it's just like the ATMs. You don't complain about the availability 
of the ATMs, they don't compare complain about the availability of pharmacy and again 3% savings, so very similar to 
the drug side 3% savings on this side, 3% savings of the drugs side. Now the best choice obviously is the Express 
Scripts pharmacies. Express Scripts is actually the third largest pharmacy in the United States. 

We believe it has many, many advantage for our members and our clients, we are available 7 by 24 and it's not just 
availability, it's specialized pharmacist available 7 by 24. We have a lower cost pay than even retail for the both the 
member and the plan sponsor, but this idea of having a specialist you can talk to. So that when you have the MS, when 
you have cancer, when you have diabetes, when you have heart disease, having someone who has great knowledge and 
not just an additional brochure to tell you about your drug is really, really crucial. 

The other thing that no one recognize is that dispensing accuracy in a mail-order pharmacy is way higher than in a 
retail pharmacy. And so you're talking about dispensing accuracy's that approaches, 6 Sigma perfection, and when you 
think about the number of scripts we dispense each year, we prevent 2 million airs [ph] from reaching people, down for 
the plans sponsor who has to pay for those, miss adventures, they pay for the members to get the wrong drug and end 
up in the emergency room this dispensing accuracy means real money to them. Until they actually like it because it's 
not only more affordable, but it's actually safer for the patient. 

The other thing that's really a great addition for a mail order pharmacies what goes adherence, now part of this is going 
to 90 days. And we see this too, so we didn't told you, we have 90-day networks, we have very competitive 90-day 
networks, we actually have 90-day networks that are larger than what our competitors offer. So people still have more 
convenience that can get is 90 days, in 90 days clearly improves your adherence, because you only have four times a 
year to forget refilling versus 12 times a year. 

But mail order is special above and beyond there, because of the simplicity, because it comes to your house, because 
it's their reliably every time you don't even have to think about it, adherence at mail order is even better and so we see 
adherence improvements of 250% per patients that are at mail order. 

If you look also one of the great things about mail orders when you send my script in, you're not standing 
across-the-counter waiting for that fill, you're not phasing the store aisle waiting. We have the time to actually call your 
doctor and get the switch to the low cost generic or the preferred brand. And so when don't tell the same with our 
formulary, this is actually super charges it because we can actually get this switches to occur that you couldn't, if the 
patient goes to retail, because they don't have the time to call the doctor back. 

And so when you look at sort of same drug market basket, we get to a higher generic bill rate in a higher prefer drug 
use when you can at retail. Again more savings for the client, most of the 30% savings for the member and you avoid 
high medical costs because of both higher adherence and safer dispensing. And so this is really a great solution, so 
what's, what are we seeing in the marketplace place. 

We've had some puts and takes. We've lost some clients and so overall, as you know with our market share from mail 
has been relatively flat, but for those clients that have stayed with us continuously. We continue to see a growth, and so 
mail penetration for us with our commercial clients is actually about 38% and what we see is this. Those member -- the 
clients actually want more and more programs to drive more and more their scripts to mail. So we have Worry Free 
Refills that is from the scripts automatically come to you, growing by 5%. 


I told you about that Select Solutions, where it select mail, where the members automatically enrolled in mail and high 
out that's grow, probably 13% year-over-year, but the most exciting aspect of mail is what you see on the right. 
Historically health plans have been allergic to mail. They have not pushed it at all, but what is happening now is they're 
seeing their patients enrolling to the health plans, or actually selecting a mail benefit. 

So these are actually, as you know, those patients that are actually using their pharmacy more, or actually selecting the 
mail benefit. So we believe that is health reform picks up, and is managed care companies see these results, they are 
going to be enrolling more and more mail and they're asking us to put this in their plan design more frequently. 

Now the final thing I want to touch on was the third part of platforms. We talked about the behavioral sciences, we 
talked briefly about the clinical specialization, Glen is going to go more deep into that I want to talk a little bit about the 
data, because the data is really, really important. It's what allow us to customize these programs for each and every 
client. This is an example of what Tim was telling about what our product called ScreenRx. 

It is really important, remember that big part of the pie, I started with, it has all that waste over $300 billion of waste. 
We have got to figure out how to help patients get more adherent. With our data, we have been able to do something 
truly remarkable. We can now predict when a patient is not being non-adherent to the medication before they actually 
fill their first script. But this is not as easy as you think. 

We have to create a model for each and every disease separately because why a diabetic doesn't stay adherent versus 
somewhat MS versus cancer is totally different. And we've also have to create, not just for first fills, but also for 
renewal fills. But what this allows us to do with our model as we take this large population that you see on the left, we 
defined the diseases that are important to be adherent to so I'll give an example, if you are on a pain medication, most 
plan sponsors that we don't care of the patient can tolerate their pain and doesn't -- they don't stay adhere to the 
payment, that's absolutely fine. 

But if you're in as in medication or if you're on the diabetes medication or heart medication, you better believe that's 
important to keep those patients adherent and so what you see on the right side is when we find those people not only 
who have the diseases that are important, but those who are going to non-adherent ones. It allows us to cut our 
operating costs, because I no longer have to reach out to all the patients. 

In the past, in the way disease managers work as they, if you have diabetes everyone gets a brochure. They treat you at 
the level of the pancreas they don't treat you at the level of your head. And so what happens is, we can now say this 
diabetic is going to take their medication that diabetic is not, I can now tailor my efforts on the ones who are going to 
take their medication. Lower operating cost and better adherence for the patients, because not only it is important to 
know who's not going to take the medication, we actually have figured out why they don't take their medications. 

And so I'll give an example, if the patient is not going to take their medications because they don't believe the drug 
works, sending them a pill box will make absolutely no difference. If on the other hand, someone can take the 
medications because they can't afford the co-pay, then we really need to have one of our social workers reach out to 
their patient to see if we can get more patient assistance program. So not only can we predict who's not going to be 
adherent, we can actually tailor the solutions to them and we can really drive better adherence. 

So let me show how this all comes together, all the things we talked about. The clinical specialization, the behavioral 
sciences in the data. And I'll give you an example of how we take care of diabetic patients. And so what you see there 
are the three largest chains in the United States, chains A, B and C, because we get to see all the data we know exactly 
what's going on out there. 

So, and then what you see on the far right is that someone's getting it through our mail and using our therapeutic 
resource centers. What you see is their adherence goes up dramatically, because we're reaching out to the right patients, 
we're driving the right behavior, so we're using behavioral sciences, we have specialist pharmacist is talking to these 
members. We're able to get adherence up dramatically and that adherence result, because diabetic cost plan so much 
money, we're saving on average over $2,000 for each of those patients. 


This is what's really powerful, this is why this platform so important, this is why this can't be replicated by anyone else 
in the marketplace. And on top of that when you look at member satisfaction because we're giving them choice, 
member satisfaction is 98%. Someone wrap up here, but I wanted to understand this platform of health decision science 
is unlike anything else in the marketplace. Our clients really appreciate what does because not only does it give patients 
better care. It gets the lower cost, it gets the clients savings and it's good for our company. And we truly are aligned and 
it drives every one of these drivers you've heard us talk about today. And the savings it's producing for our clients is 
over $10 billion. 

Now I am going to stop here and I'll turn it over to Glen, who's going to take on a really important issue Specialty and 
then we'll come back in the end to wrap up. 

Glen Stettin, Senior Vice President, Clinical, Research & New Solutions 

Thank you, Steve. I'm really excited this morning to speak to you all about specialty pharmacy. As an internist and 
someone who has been with the company, May 2nd will be 19 years, we've seen a lot of development in the specialty 
pharmacy arena. Really drugs coming to market that do wonderful things for people who had previously untreatable 
conditions. Conditions that include cancer, debilitating and disabling diseases like rheumatoid arthritis, multiple 
sclerosis. 

It really has been an exciting time to be in Medicine and to be in pharmacy. At the same time, it offers for you as our 
investors in a exciting way to participate in a rapidly growing market. For our payer clients, however, the cost of these 
medications, the cost of treating people with these conditions really threatens from their perspective, the ongoing 
affordability, not just the pharmacy benefits but of medical benefits. These patients tend to be in the 5% of people, who 
year-over-year, many of these are chronic diseases represents 50% of total health care costs. 

And just an illustration here about why this is so concerning, just proportionately, if you look at the graph here in terms 
of percent of prescriptions, specialty prescriptions represent less than 1% of our prescription volume. 

Yeah, they are 35% of our customers' drug spend both on the pharmacy side and on the medical side. And it is growing 
at rates that by 2017, we expect specialty drugs to overtake traditional drugs will be more than half of all of drugs 
spend. 

Specialty pharmacy, I want to give you a little insight in terms of how we think about it strategically. Roughly half of 
specialty drugs spend is covered under pharmacy benefits where we are, PBM and claims processor and our credo 
specialty pharmacy is providing pharmacy services and we're dispensing. 

And a roughly half, a little less than half is covered under the medical benefit where claims are submitted to the insurer 
and processed under medical claims system. I am going to come back to this because we have capabilities and solutions 
for our customers for managing the spend, whether it's under the medical benefit or whether it's under the pharmacy 
benefit. What I'm showing here on the right is several of the therapeutic areas, instead of thinking about specialty 
pharmacy as a monolithic market we tend to think in terms of different disease states, different conditions, different 
therapeutic groups of medications. And what you see here are a number of those, we've oriented them from bottom to 
top, those that are have pretty significant growth for those that are categories with very high growth, the size of the 
bubbles, the size of the balls on the chart represent roughly the size of the market. And then we've color-coded them; 
those to the left in blue are covered primarily under the pharmacy benefit and those in orange to the right or covered 
primarily under and the medical benefit. 

By thinking about the markets these way, we can think it this way in terms of separate areas we contend, we're able to 
think about where the opportunities for growth, where the opportunities for delivering value to the patients who need 
these medications, to our customers who would pay the bill, and for you, our shareholders. This approach led to really 
the beginnings of the whole concept of therapeutic resource centers and clinical specialization. So Accredo, even before 
it was acquired by Medco had deeply ingrained the idea that its pharmacists and nursing staff would be specialized by 
therapeutic area. And in fact, in 2004, when we brought out the therapeutic resource centers to traditional pharmacy it 


was in Specialty Pharmacy that the ideas came from. 

And if you think about, and Steve mentioned earlier, if you have a medical condition that in general is treated by a 
medical specialist, do you want to see a pharmacist, who is a generalist, or talk to a pharmacist who is generalist who 
sees that condition, who sees that drugs, those drugs only rarely or do you want to see someone who does it all the time. 

And the way that we've organized our practice our pharmacists, our nurses they're organized in this specialized 
practices, that's what a Therapeutic Resource Center is and each of them have a mission to grow their practice, right. 
We want to acquire and retain patients and the way that we do that for our customers, who are paying their bills is to be 
the pharmacy that's most worthy. 

So all these pharmacies have performance metrics that are important to our customers for driving value, both for the 
patients and for the pair and those metrics were around safety and effectiveness of therapy, around the affordability of 
therapy, both for patient and for the plan, and around service. And I'll just give you a couple of examples; so in 
rheumatoid arthritis, many of the medications, right, you see the commercials on TV enroll others; they talk about 
infection, right. 

These medications part of the way that they work to provide, prevent the disabling, disfiguring conditions and an 
inflammation in rheumatoid arthritis that can be a very significant loss of function is by suppressing the immune 
system, right. You have a disease where the body's immune systems fighting against the body itself. Well, if you get an 
infection why you're on these medications, you have to stop. So we are monitoring for whether the patients get started 
on antibiotics. We have special communications to help that people, take a holiday from their medication, so that their 
minor infection doesn't turn into a life-threatening infection. 

Another example, I give you from the oncology pharmacy and safety, there are many chemotherapeutic agents that are 
very toxic, they were dosed based on body surface area and you calculate that by using the patient's weight and their 
height. And we check that every time and repeat the calculation as a safety, as a double check, it's part of our checklist 
in the oncology pharmacy. 

And an example that I'd like to say it as a case that one of our pharmacist, one of our oncology pharmacist tell me about 
where she had called the physician's office because the patient on their second cycle of chemotherapy, it looked as 
though their body surface area, the patient's body surface area increased from -- by about 150%. And if you know 
anybody who's been taking chemotherapy, you do not gain weight usually during your course of chemotherapy. So she 
called the office and that nurse came to the phone and the nurse was little hurried and basically said, if this is what the 
doctor ordered, if that's the dose that the doctor wants, please dispense that dose. 

And remember our practice is not a general pharmacy practice in oncology; it's an oncology pharmacy practice. And 
this pharmacist had oncology pharmacist to her left and to her right, and after she hung up the phone, she talked about 
the case and they all realize that she had to get back in touch with the doctor's office, she could not just dispense his 
medications that she called the next morning and the same nurse came to the phone, and the nurse -- our pharmacist 
said I can't dispense this medication, I must speak to the physician. 

The nurse said, alright, I hold on. And she goes and she speaks with the physician and she comes back and she says to 
our oncology pharmacist, you know what, I guess, you are right, the doctor made a mistake, it's really the original dose, 
I guess, I was having a bad day yesterday. And if we had dispensed that medication, it would've been a potentially toxic 
dose and the person who would have really had a bad day, would have been the patient. But it's just an example of the 
dedication and the value of specialization that we first started all this, we thought it was so important about the training 
and I'll tell you that it is, but is the day in day out experience for some of these pharmacists well; well over 10, 12 years 
in their clinical specialty. 

One of the things that's particularly unique in the way that we practice pharmacy in the Therapeutic Resource Centers 
and imagine yourself as a clinical professional and all of your encounters with patients every time you speak with a 
physician is recorded by telephone. And we do that as part of our own quality assurance, we use it for feedback for our 
pharmacists who are practicing behavioral techniques for getting people motivated and do what's good for them. And 
we also do it as a way to help our pharmacists, they listen to their own conversations, how they can be better. 


What I'm going to play for you now is an actual recording between one of our oncology pharmacist and one of our 
patients, and I think one of our speakers earlier mentioned here sort of you can, I think maybe there was a question 
about what happens when people get consumer driven benefits or have a high deductible phase of their benefit, it's 
exactly what happened to this patient? She is a woman who is being treated for cancer. The medication that she was 
taking to prevent recurrence of her breast cancer, there was a big jump in the cost and what you're going to hear is the 
conversation with her and our pharmacists, they help get her to a better place. 

I'd say a couple of things, this is not really her picture, this is meant to represent the picture -- of the patient and the 
voices have been manipulated a little bit. So it's an actual phone recording, but the voices are manipulated to protect her 
confidentiality and privacy. 

(Video Playing) 

So here we go, we're able to get this woman who had stopped taking her medication to prevent the breast cancer from 
coming back. We had contacted or gotten in touch with her as a result of an adherence program as Steve had mentioned 
earlier. And what she told us was when she spoke to her our regular pharmacist -- the general pharmacist, right; there 
was no generic available for her medication. You know why? That's absolutely true, there was no exact generic. What 
the oncology pharmacist knew is there are several other medications in the very same class, some of which are 
available under it as a generic. And under the design of our plan, we were able to get her through her physician on to a 
lower cost medication, as well as to the Accredo Pharmacy to the home delivery pharmacy. 

So, great example of how practicing pharmacy in a specialized way is the right care for the patient, it's the right 
economics for the patient, the right economics for the plan and benefits our shareholders. 

And oncology there -- it's one recorded example; we have examples across all of them. I'll just show you in some of the 
other categories, rheumatoid arthritis preventing hospitalizations, preventing year of visits, obviously towards the end. 
And we do that through better adherence with the medication, but our customer, the value proposition for them with 
this very expensive therapy is savings; savings again for transplant patients. You think a transparent patient would be 
highly motivated to be adherent with the medication no one wants have their organ rejected or have to go through a 
transplant again. And in fact, many and most are, but it's been proven that people who get their medications through 
specialty pharmacy versus retail pharmacy are more adherent, fewer hospitalizations, fewer infections, very important. 

In hepatitis C, again look at the size of the savings there, we are able to get more people through their full course of 
therapy. I'm sure, this is a category that you are all watching very eagerly as we are, some new medications have 
recently come to market, some additional medications are coming to market, and probably over the course of the next 
year. Hepatitis C is a terrible disease it causes cirrhosis and liver failure and liver cancer. 

And today, we have and going forward, therapies that are well tolerated, and therapies that can cure people from their 
infection with hepatitis C. The problem now for our payers who are worried about how are they going to continue to 
afford these benefits, is that the prices of these medications are astronomically high, hepatitis C happens to be one of 
the, quote unquote, rare conditions that actually pretty common, if you think about it from a standpoint of the percent of 
the population. And our customers are looking to us for solutions, for how are they going to be able to get people who 
need access to these medications. The access that they need that they can afford and do it in a way that gets the right 
outcomes at the right price. 

Steve spoke earlier about the National Preferred Formulary, the fact that we eliminated or excluded, actually I shouldn't 
say we, working with our P&T Committee, an independent body of physicians, they designate the drugs that we're in 
very competitive classes and people could take most people most of the time to take other drugs in those classes and do 
just as well. 

Six those 48 drugs are specialty drugs, injectable drugs; people said you can't exercise this degree of formulary control; 
patients, doctors, they won't do it. Well, I'm showing you an example here from the multiple sclerosis class with data 
interferon's that by virtue of making the formulary exclusions in January, very similar results that what Steve showed 
you with the classes overall, 76% decrease in the market share for those specialty medications in that category. 


If you don't think -- we have the attention of these manufacturers, right. They may and they and part of the reason this 
is so important is because you can't just change these drugs without getting the doctor's permission, doctor's agreement 
to sign off on that. I'm sorry; I think I mixed it up. This is the data here with regard to the formulary; so very, very 
important. 

It's so important because that over the next several years many of these drugs or the specialty drugs are losing their 
patent protection. They're growing essentially generic, but they're generic, they're going to be -- we call them 
biosimilar. And the difference between a traditional generic drug is you can make a substitution without securing the 
physicians permission. What you can't do with a biosimilar drug or it doesn't look like we have a pathway there is to do 
the same, even though it's the very same active ingredient. This chart here shows for, the trend line for 11 very popular 
specialty drugs that have patent expirations in the next several years, if they were no biosimilars. 

If we're able to get the patients switched from the biosimilar drugs that come to market across the US, these are the 
savings across these 11 drugs across the entire United States not just our book of business, there is $250 billion in 
potential savings. That is huge and our learning's from our recent formulary experience are going to play a very big part 
in this. And some of these are drugs that are already available as biosimilar, as generic versions of specialty products 
already today in Europe and in Asia; big potential for savings for our customers going forward. 

Here, I'd like to we've illustrate, we've illustrated a study that we did with the National Business Group on Health 
across several hundred of our employer clients that are members of the National Business Group on health. And you 
see that they are displayed unmanaged to the left; managed, tightly managed to the right. Now I'll explain what that 
means. 

For those that were unmanaged. They had an open network for specialty pharmacies. So Steve spoke about now narrow 
networks, in the open network they have lots of participating specialty pharmacies. For the managed and tightly 
managed they went exclusive with the Accredo Specialty Pharmacy meaning that for nearly all the specialty products, 
Accredo was the one specialty pharmacy that their patients could use. 

And then down below we offer a variety of utilization management programs. Those that were unmanaged had no, 
essentially no utilization management programs in place and those that were tightly managed had all the programs that 
we recommend. And what you see is when you grow exclusive, the trend from an unmanaged client goes down 
considerably and for those clients that followed our recommendations, the trend was roughly half of what it was in the 
unmanaged situation. So, evidence with regard to the value of applying the Express Scripts and Accredo specialty 
management solutions. 

That was an example from the pharmacy benefit; I want to speak for a moment quickly about the medical benefit. 
Under the medical benefit, there are lots of opportunities to save money on prescription drugs, often these are 
medicines that are dispensed and billed either in the hospital setting or in the physician's office. There's opportunities 
with regard to which drugs are used and how they're build and the illustration here on the -- an example on the right, 
this is an example of the waste that comes from side of cure. And what you see is that for a particular therapy 
administered in the hospital setting, both the medication cost and the cost of administration is higher, when that 
treatment, for example, here is in oncology, when that treatment is moved to the medical office, both the drug cost and 
the cost of administering that medication is significantly lower, 70% lower, on average this is about $4,000 a year, well 
over $4,000 a year in savings. 

For many medications, moving the side of cure to the home is the most cost effective and when the illustration -- let me 
just go back to here, I'm going to go back to the chart with regard to the nursing and infection, here we go. So, many of 
the therapies that we deliver and we talked about clinical specialization with the pharmacist, our nurses are specialists 
as well and we have a focus on quality improvement. This is an example for infused therapies. So many of our patients, 
they have a central line; they have the venous catheter that we deliver medication on a regular basis. 

One of our quality improvement initiatives that has been around, can we prevent infections of the central line. Patient 
who gets in a central line infection has to go on antibiotics, often for several weeks they have to be in the hospital, they 
have to get their line replaced, the average cost is over $30,000 when a situation like that occurs. And again, you can 


see the value of the specialization of the nurses versus our own employees who have been at this for a while, a 76% 
reduction in the rates of infection for a central line. 

We're going to speed ahead, if you could go back to where I -- I taught here, forgive me. So, site of care, where patients 
get their medication is important in oncology. A good example, that's often more convenient for people to get their 
medications in the doctor's office. You probably saw our announcement over the last few months, we've added now 
with arranging several hundred community oncologists through our specialty pharmacy network, which allows our 
accredo oncology pharmacist and the physicians to collaborate together with regard to clinical programs that generate 
better outcomes for patients, greater safety, greater effectiveness of the treatment and a greater convenience for the 
patient and for the customer. 

And then, the other area that I would point out is that through all these assets, through all these capabilities in specialty 
pharmacy, we have garnered more access to exclusive drugs than any other specialty pharmacy anywhere. Exclusive 
drugs are drugs were the manufacturer chooses one or two or just a few specialty pharmacies to be their pharmacies. 
No other pharmacies have access to those medications and you can see that we have more access than any other 
specialty pharmacy. And the reason for that includes our commitment to specialization, right. If you're a manufacturer 
of one of these drugs, as Tim mentioned, some of them have 25 patients, 100 patients, rare disease in the U.S., you 
want a pharmacy that's focused on your particular condition, on your particular treatment to truly be the expert. It is 
also because of the value of our nurses, our field force of nurses, we deliver medication in the home. Our nurses who 
are on the lines providing counseling. And it's also related to UBC, one of our adjacent businesses that Tim mentioned 
where we provide services to the pharmaceutical industry particularly around safety, surveillance programs, many of 
these drugs can be very toxic if misused. It's around providing services for reimbursement and it's about providing 
information and working with them on studies that help them with their late-stage development and early post 
marketing when drugs come to market. 

So across the spectrum for our sellers, I just want to point out that by investing in Express Scripts you're participating 
with us in the growth of the specialty market through the Accredo specialty pharmacy, the leading specialty pharmacy 
in the United States as well as through our specialty distribution business where we are providing medications to 
physician offices to hospitals, as well as through UBC where we're servicing pharma. 

So with that, I'd like to conclude with just a recap of how we are applying science, how we're applying health decision 
science, behavioral science, clinical specialization, our ability to use data in ways that drive results for our patients in 
terms of better health outcomes, our peers in terms of savings and for our shareholders in terms of having a specialty 
pharmacy that really as a specialty pharmacy of choice and as preferred by much of our businesses the place for their 
members to get their specialty medications. So, thank you. And Steve will turn it back over to you. 

Steve Miller, Senior Vice President & Chief Medical Officer 

Thanks Glen. I am going to spend a few minutes just ramping up, but I want to talk about the future of pharmacy. If 
you all think about what you would like in the pharmacy community right now, you're not getting off in the service that 
you actually want and deserve. Many of you would not design pharmacy the way it is today. 

And so, as you know several of you have been to Express Scripts where we have our laboratory. This laboratory is 
currently undergoing renovation to be three times as large as it was historically. And the reason is because when you 
come in or when our clients come in, they love sitting down with their data, their teams and actually able to come up 
with customized solutions for their problems. 

Tim mentioned, we have a lot of clients, but they are uniquely different. And what works for the Department of 
Defense or what works for employer or what works for a health plan is totally different. And when you can sit down 
with our scientists, when you can sit down with our account teams, when you sit down and view your data, you can 
actually visualize a different type of pharmacy experience for patients going forward, and it's really going to be crucial, 
because if you think about this right now, the United States solution to health care is not that we need a couple of more 
sites to get clinical care. We currently have over a 100,000 sites in the United States, where people can get clinical care, 


adding a few more sites is not the solution. 

If you look at what consumers or patients are looking for, they want to be cared for in the environment they want the 
care. That is, they want to go from a couple of hundred thousand sites, they really rather have a 100 million sites in 
which they can get care. And you can just look at what happened during the last shopping season. So over the winter, 
during the last shopping center visits, the traditional retailers were down 15%. 

The total sales were not down and where did those sales shift? Those sales have shifted to the home, that is, people are 
doing everything online. So sales online went up 10% to 12%. And so, we actually have to recognize that in healthcare, 
we've got to figure out how do we move the experience, from where it is today to where patients want it to be. And so 
Express Scripts is working with a lot of partners in technology. 

I would guess that many of you actually have aware about healthcare technology on you today. But if you look at the 
opportunities it's extraordinary. You have contact lens that now have blood glucose monitors, you actually can do home 
glucose monitoring, you have to Wi-Fi that can come to us, you have blood pressure that's Wi-Fi that can come to us or 
your weight on your scale. 

So when you think about managing heart failure in the future, do you really need to have in the clinic or in the hospital 
or can you actually manage their heart failure with the patient who wants to be managed and that is in the home. And 
so, when you look at our, both our handheld apps, what's on the web, when you look at where we're going, it's truly 
bringing this data together, so that patients can get the care they need where they want the care. And this is truly was 
going to revolutionize pharmacy going forward, you're not going to have the traditional models that we have today, but 
it's going to change radically. 

Now, I'm going to wrap up with the following things, and that is, what differentiates us is the following. We have a 
platform that is different and can't be replicated in the marketplace. When you look at our behavioral economics, you 
look at our data, you look at our clinical specialization and the results we get from that, it truly is the right place for 
patients and clients to get their care and it's the right place for you all to invest. 

When you look at the scale and the leverage we have developed. So when we talk about formularies in the future, you 
can't do this without having the scale that we have. It is really, really important, and so being able to leverage that on 
behalf of our patient and our clients is crucial. When you look at where people want to get their care in the future, we 
are talking about being able to deliver it all the way to the home. So you don't have to think about it, you could drive it 
here and you can have more eminent experience with the patient. So then instead of looking at our communications and 
thinking of a spam mail, they're looking at as their value health care partner that is really crucial. And finally, specialty 
is going to be enormous. 

One percent of patients are going to be driving 50% on the spent. If you think that the general pharmacist is going to be 
able to make those switches, if you think the general pharmacist is going to be able to take advantage of biosimilars or 
narrow formularies and move members from one MS drug to another MS drug and ensure not only great care, but 
lower cost, you only going to be able do that through clinical specialization. 

I'm want to stop right here but I think we're really, really well positioned in future, I'm going to invite George and 
Cathy and Tim back up -- we'll open this up for questions for all five of us and I'll let George lead us through this 
session. Thank you all very much for listening to us today. 

George Paz, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

Questions? Go on, okay. Just one behind you. 

Unidentified Participant 

Given on the talk about specialty, how come it wasn't a bigger piece of your do-not-pay [ph] EBITDA growth? 


David Myers, Vice President of Investor Relations 

Why wasn't specialty a bigger part of our plan? 

Unidentified Participant 

A bigger percentage of your projected future. 

George Paz, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

I think the important point here is, if you look back from the 2000s to the 2010s and then what Tim showed for the 
future, that was the growing bigger piece of our pie and if you had kind of listened through all of this, formulary 
management is playing a big role in that piece as well. So to the extent that we're actually putting together our prior 
authorization programs or step programs or doing other ways to affect the drugs that are being chosen that's going 
through the formulary management side, this was what I saying earlier before the break. 

Each of these are kind of intertwined, but clearly and I think you can certainly pull any employer today, the biggest 
concern they have is specialty. And so, when we go out and when we look at specialty it's going to be the combination 
of using the Accredo model, using the clinical programs using the up-sell opportunities and the data to help affect those 
outcomes that are going to be our future. So, it is a huge piece of our future. 

Unidentified Participant 

George or Cathy. Question on trying to reconcile the capital structure, capital deployment comments. As we think 
about trying to maintain two times leverage ratio and the timing of acquisitions or maybe lock thereof at least 
near-term, how should we think about going beyond the 50% of free cash? And also from a timing perspective, 
obviously, second quarter is a big cash flow quarter for you guys, so should we expect more buybacks weighted to the 
second quarter of this year? That's it. 

Unidentified Speaker 

(inaudible) here, but first of all, the 15% we said we want to return to shareholders. If you look at last year, obviously, 
we returned more than 100%. And what we want to do is we want to give a general guideline. So if you look at over the 
future, we would envision that more than 50% of our total cash flow from our free cash flow is going to go back to our 
investors. That's not to say in any given year. At the end of the year or is it doesn't do me a lot of good to accumulate a 
lot of cash earning, no, nothing. So we would just soon deploy it. 

As far as timing of the deployment, the problem with balance sheets. Well, those are snapshots in time, and so you have 
ebbs and flows throughout the course when cash is dealing, when cash has to be paid. We try to make sure that we time 
those purchases to line up on our cash flow generation and would -- so we would try to maximize that. Usually, by far 
the biggest quarter for us is fourth quarter. And so that's one of the line share, the cash comes through and that's usually 
going to be the higher use of that for share repurchase. Cathy, if you want to add anything? 

Cathy Smith, Chief Financial Officer 

The other thing I would add is, just last as year, we buyback $4.1 billion in shares, we retired $1.9 billion in debt; we 
still ended up with about 2 billion on the balance sheet. So we generated a lot of cash and we'll use it appropriately. 


Unidentified Participant 

Okay. It's been in a talk about Biosimilars, when do you think that actually be coming to market, the meaningful for 
you? 

David Myers, Vice President of Investor Relations 

Yeah. So, as you may have known the FDA or the FTC just had a conference about two weeks ago in which we 
participate in. We've had the opportunity to talk to a lot of the pharmaceutical manufacturers especially, the Biologics 
and those who are bringing the Biosimilars into the marketplace. We believe now that it's probably going to be 2015, 
there is a probably a very small change you can see at the end for 2014. But we believe that the FDA will finally get 
their guidance out there, that's with we has been holding it back. As you know in Europe and Canada, they've actually 
move forward with not just the simple molecules but more complex molecules. And so we think that those are all going 
to be positive signs for us having a robust market starting, but most likely not starting till 2015. 

Unidentified Participant 

You outlined today 2015. 

Unidentified Participant 

You outlined today the opportunities that you see around the pharmacy spend, do you see opportunities to use these 
tools that you developed so successfully on pharmacy and deploy them to lower spend in other areas of healthcare 
continuing some medical supply is one that come to mind and if so, is there something that can be done organically? 
And I have a follow on specialty then. 

George Paz, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

Yeah, so the tools that we have cannot be used in other areas, other areas of healthcare. We certainly look at that, we 
see where those inefficiencies exists and whether or not what makes sense, I think we talked earlier, there is we're 
selling to a benefits individual up through that side of the command channel, if you will. And so the needs that they 
have, we hope to address the unmet needs and that's how we got in the specialty pharmacy. 

As we will continue to look for other opportunities whether we build or buy, I think, it's all the question of what is the 
state of the current marketplace and whether or not if it's a very fractured market with nobody really doing it well than 
we would build it, if it's opportunity to buy something, we certainly have had a history of doing that. So, we have to 
look at each individual situation separately. We have a team of people that's all they do is look for these opportunities. 

Unidentified Participant 

But do you think there is a way for you to expand beyond that kind of like customer base that's beyond the benefit 
manager and taken off like what the tools that you have and implemented and leveraged into other areas of health care 
spend. 

George Paz, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

Well, yes, and we already do that to some degree. We help work with our health plans and all the things we're doing 
with consumerology. We are using those tools with some of our health plans to help them manage their medical costs 


and working with them in those areas. So, we're open to anything that can get us where the returns worth it for you as a 
shareholder. 

Unidentified Participant 

My question is for one of the two doctors or both of them. On the question of biosimilars, unless the FDA acts, doesn't 
that prescription has to be written off labeled by the doctor and if that's the case and the doctor doesn't want to do it, 
what recourse does the patient have if any? 

George Paz, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

I'll take that. There is lots of prescribing that goes on and off label, right. So, I don't know that there may be some 
doctors who stick to the label but just from a standpoint of what's out there already today, label is -- there is even 
evidence from studies that just don't make it into the label. That said, let's take Biosimilars as just what they are, which 
is essentially the same active ingredient that is in the innovative or original molecule. And so, if it can be shown in 
studies that it is providing the same effect, for most people most of the time, right, that's the worst case scenario that 
could come from the hope that they have to jump through right to the generic manufacturers, we just have to show it's 
the same active ingredient. 

Worst case scenario is they have to show that is as effective in a clinical trial. Best case scenario for them is that they 
show that it's the same active ingredient it works similarly in the body from a standpoint of how it's absorbing that. 
Either way, we are positioned to help patients and physicians to recognize the opportunities, to use a therapy that's 
likely to be just as good and significantly less costly and help to loop share when it's clinically appropriate. 

Unidentified Participant 

Yeah. Thank you. And Dr. Stettin isn't that true though that, if the FDA doesn't treat it as a pure generic, then, but as 
the same thing you showed on your slide with the Betaserons, what will end up happening is that our specialty 
pharmacists will call that practice, talk to their doctor. And if the doctor is okay with it, they will switch it; we've got a 
high track record to that. 

Glen Stettin, Senior Vice President, Clinical, Research & New Solutions 

That's exactly right. And we're hearing the same exact arguments for the file -- tech industry today that we've heard 
about generics in the late 1990s, right. But it's not exactly the same, it's not going to be safe, it's not going to be 
effective. And look how well established generic medication is for traditional drug, and I think we're going to see the 
same thing with the Biosimilars when they came to market in the United States. 

Unidentified Speaker 

I just had one quick thing and that is, the Europeans actually, as you know, have many years of experience already 
ahead of us. And if you look at, for instance, the use of EPO [ph] in Germany, the Biosimilar actually has number one 
market share. Doctors actually recognize the value of these agents; they recognize the value to the patients, because the 
patients could be more adherent. But also because of the lower cost, more patients can make it; they can be made 
available to more patients. 

And so, across Europe, they're giving great experience with Biosimilars. We're not going to be reinventing the wheel 
here, we're actually behind the curve, but we believe that many doctors will accept Biosimilars. But your point is 
absolutely correct, the physician will still be in charge, and they will have to write the prescription, because we do not 


believe early on the FDA is going to have interchangeability for Biosimilars. But that's also to our advantage, because 
we truly are the experts that can assists the doctors and give you those changes. 

Unidentified Participant 

Your 2014 guidance depends heavily on the EPS line, depends heavily on the repurchase activity. The operating 
income growth for the year is unimpressive. And there is some reasons for that, we understand the compare with UNH 
role-off. Can you connect the dots between your 2014 guidance and the 10 to 20 long-term growth goal. And give us a 
sense of how these drivers you've talked about today may translate through to one hopes accelerated operating income 
growth in the intermediate term. So looking beyond '14 and looking at what operating income growth might be as 
opposed to EPS growth? 

George Paz, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

Well, I guess we have to define unimpressive, I -- for me when you back out United, we're just a pure EBITDA growth 
is 8 to 8 plus percent. I don't know that seems pretty good, you know why, we tried to give guidance at 10 to 20. And 
we knew that with United in and so we knew with United going out, we didn't want to miss those numbers. And so that 
even with United in, we're at the low end and we take United outward the high end of that. I think what's more 
representative of what we do each and every year is the higher end. 

We're going into the year, I think as we said during the past, we're still the same, we're bloated on January 1, because 
we haven't gotten the benefits of the integration across the all the operating sites here, we still have too many sites, 
we've got too many people. 

We want to make sure we get all one and one behind us and we got to book stabilize from the integrations and then 
we're going to start on the process of eliminating those spots that will give us some nice runway until next year. 

So, I think part of our growth will always come from capital deployment, we are -- we create a lot of cash flow and so 
we're going to focus on that. I think quite frankly, if we deployed every nickel we had and so that we can outgrow the 
20%, but that's we may end up doing that, we're not going to commit to that at this time. But we'll see how the year 
folds out and what the opportunities are and I think all these things that the docs are talking about really are 
differentiated for us. I don't know anybody else there uses a model like ours that can actually enforce the drug trends 
and enforce the formulary management that we do with the level of conversion that we get. 

And as we look at the going, it's one thing to convert somebody from a brand to a generic, it's pretty simple, it's cost 
savings. When we're talking about our brand and you got to have the clinical evidence (inaudible) either one of my two 
doctors out there and explain to the Chief Medical Officer of Health plan or to the Chief Medical Officer of a large 
employer. That we -- in fact our P&T committee has been through this. We looked at the clinical evidence and then 
nobody is going to get hurt. And then all of a sudden, you look at what actually happens post that case and see the 
conversions that occurred, no member disruption, doctors are signing, doctors still have to approve it. So our people 
have to be talk to the doctor, they doctor ultimately owns the patient. And so, they got to approve it and you look at the 
acceptance rates because of the clinical data and the elements we've put together, I think we're in the best position for 
the future. I don't know if you guys want to add anything, but I feel good about what we said. 

Unidentified Participant 

(inaudible) 

David Myers, Vice President of Investor Relations 


So the question is does everything I just said, got to tie into double-digit income growth as we look out to the future. 
We just gave '14 guidance and I'm really focused on integration, we got a lot of programs we are going to sell this year. 
I really don't want to say about '15 except in general terms of 10% to 20%. As the year unfolds, we see how the sales 
season go, we see how retention works out, there's all the other up sells we got to do this year, we'll give -- we'll talk to 
that at that time. 

Anthony Vendetti, Analyst 

Anthony Vendetti, Maxim Group. Just real quickly, the first quarter '14 guidance is below consensus. You gave three 
reasons, right. Investing more money, get the clients on board 1-1-14 whether -- second, and then client retention just 
slightly light -- the client retentions slightly lighter than the 95% was the third reason. So of those three reasons, could 
you quantify a little bit on an adjusted cash EPS basis, what each one of those factors factored into your guidance for 
the first quarter? 

Cathy Smith, Chief Financial Officer 

Well, retention, remember it affects the entire year, right. So that's really coming through the claims counts. And if you 
take, if in fact retention was pretty dominant close to we thought was going to be in the third quarter, I think the more 
disappointing part and I think Tim address this, as we really didn't believe over the summer and into the third quarter 
that there would be a bigger pull-through with respect to healthcare reform lives and that there would be a better a 
larger influx, that could still happen. That mean I wish to -- I don't know where this is going to end up for this year. But 
at least we're trying to have a conservative side and more aggressive side. But if those lines pull through, then that's 
going to certainly take us to the higher end of our scale. 

I would tell you that the -- clearly, the 1, 1 ramp ups and what's included in that is still the point I just made over here, 
which is about being bloated, we still have too many new pharmacies, we still have too many backend; we still have 
too many call centers. We've got to spend the next 2.5 quarters holding all that out and right-sizing, giving our scale to 
right-size for the volumes we have. And so, that's going to be a bigger piece of the up ramp. Because if you do a simple 
math, if you have got $1 in the first quarter, it is the midpoint and then you got a little bit of a book for the one client 
situation the second, then you are going to have a much stronger second half of the year than you had in the first 
quarter. And I think that was all leading into that, it's the take all the amount of clinical programs, it's the right-sizing 
the footprint and the run rate of the business, it's going to do that. 

Cathy Smith, Chief Financial Officer 

Tim can or George, can I comment and just go quickly. The guidance for Q1, we seasonally go down in the first 
quarter, if you look historically. And if you pulled out UnitedHealth that will give you closer to where we are guiding 
and then we said for those three reasons, they we're seeing a little softer. So I think you can reconcile for yourself, if 
you get there. 

Anthony Vendetti, Analyst 

George, just as we think about M&A, you think about the company's three core competencies. There is kind of like the 
GPO function, the Group buying a pharmacy services, the Group buying a drugs and rebates. There is no logistics 
function and then there is your sales channel, where you call into the plan administrators. As we think about the assets 
of the company looks to evaluate, which of those three functions do you expect to be most leverageable, so that when 
we see deals get done? How do we think about, how they plug into the core competencies on the GPO side, logistics, 
sales channel? Thank you. 


George Paz, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

Yeah, good question. The other one I would put in there is our systems. We have an unbelievably strong IT platform 
and people, they know how to execute, they know how to modify our systems. When you think about the massive 
amount of changes that regulatory we get hit with every year, no one-one there has to be up and running and not 
messing up. Trouble one, often you give guidance all the way out through 12, 15 and has to come in at 12, 31 for 1, 1 
[ph]. It's pretty remarkable. 

So I would say our nimbleness and our technology and our ability to execute is one of our core competencies, if I 
couple that up with the client contact. To me, those are the really, the two big drivers as we look at M&A. And of 
course buying and all the other stuff is critically important as lot of other pieces, but those to me would be the big. Yes, 
I would say so. 

Steve Miller, Senior Vice President & Chief Medical Officer 

George? 

Anthony Vendetti, Analyst 

Thank you. Two questions for Dr. Miller on formulary management. The first one is when we look at pipelines in the 
specialty world, it's an overwhelming tidal wave of oncology products, likely to come out in the next five or 10 years, 
each of which seem to cost $40,000 dollars per course per patient. How do you manage specialty within that context to 
the life-threatening disease? 

The second question is, we have a bunch of classes where the differentiations between the coming drugs seem to be 
unfilled burden or injection burden and also potentially on side effects. How do you balance those factors against 
compliance and play those credit manufacturers across against each other, in particular had in mind HCV and maybe 
PCSK9? 

Steve Miller, Senior Vice President & Chief Medical Officer 

Yeah, great questions. So the first question is what to do about these spaces that are getting more and more agents like 
oncology and what's the opportunity there. The great thing about it is, is that we have to have brands to engineer, so we 
like a lot of brands coming to the marketplace. The second thing though is, is that many of these -- like in the past, a lot 
of these drugs are Me-too drug, they work through the same pathway. 

And oftentimes they are competing on convenience differences, which get to your second question partly. And that is, 
we actually don't looking at convenience as a value unless there is proven data, that actually is driven up adherence and 
is improve the outcome. And so, when we look at with our external P&T committee, which is always putting clinical 
first. 

So what happens is we take all drugs to them, they did tell us what has to be clinically included. You have to have this 
drug, it has unique outcome, it is uniquely better, it has to be on the formulae. Now 15% of products fit into that. But 
the vast majority of products actually what are called clinical optional, there is equally good data for something else 
and that's where we can actually have the opportunity to do switching programs. That has been the model historically 
and when you look at these new agents, they actually fall right into that again also. 

So they will clearly be some oncology products and other products that will be uniquely superior and they will have to 
be on our formulary and we will be able to get discounts from our size, perhaps the best about it. But a lot of these 
products are going to actually be clinical optional and we're going to be able to shift the members. This is also why it 
dovetails into our platform. 


Only by having clinical specialization, so I can give you examples that exist today. There are drugs for advanced 
metastatic prostate cancer that vary in price from $40,000 up to $100,000. When we see a script the $100,000 drug, 
we're often able to have a conversation with that urologist or that oncologist and say; there is no better data for that 
drug in the $40,000 drug. Can we go with that first? And what we see is that often times they'll make their conversion. 
And so, by getting this script beforehand, by Glen told you about for being able to do more and more of this on the 
medical side, we are able to shift those patients. 

And then to your second question, what are the criteria to drug that make them unique? If you have proven data for 
better outcomes, because your convenience factors or because your dosing regimen, then that will actually will get you 
a premium. If on the other hand, you don't, it's more convenient, it may actually be in some ways a nice thing to have, 
where you often are not going to put that as agreement. And so that's our external P&T community looks at. 

Unidentified Participant 

Thanks. Actually a follow-up to Mike's question. If you think about the give or take 50% of specialty spend that now 
flows through the medical benefit. Do you have the tools now to really go after that, particularly for oncology? And 
how does that flow through your P&L? 

Steve Miller, Senior Vice President & Chief Medical Officer 

So, the tools that we have think about what we've done with utilization management and formulary for the pharmacy 
benefit. We're able to apply that on the medical benefit as well as ask the questions as I outlined around the side of care 
where it needs to be delivered. We have brown bag capabilities, where the patient can take the medication to be 
administered. We have white bag capabilities, where we can send the medication to the hospital or to the physician's 
office to be administered to the patient. 

And then, we also as outlined have partnerships with community oncologists or having them to be part of the specialty 
network and we subject to the management rules of the network. And then, we are working with others around, and 
many of our clients, around pathways in oncology that provides guard rails that are even beyond just the administration 
of the drugs. 

So following NCC and guidelines as an example, and for those doctors that are following the pathway as well as stay in 
the guard rails, there is less administration for them about having to get things approved, whether it's radiation therapy 
or radiological exams or MRI. So we have a range of solutions that we work with our customers to put into, do what 
makes sense for their specific population and their needs around managing oncology. 

Peter Costa, Analyst 

Peter Costa, Wells Fargo. Can you talk about that Part D role you're mentioning earlier? And the impact, I know you're 
not really giving guidance for 2015 at this point, but how dangerous is that role for your Part D business? And can you 
talk about just in terms perhaps, where exactly that pressure would come to you, your preferred networks and whatnot? 
I know that you're fighting it down to Washington, you have some good support from some Republican Committee 
Chairman recently, but what you think if there was, has a chance of being pulled or will it happen? 

Unidentified Speaker 

You know I spent Thursday, Keith and I spent Thursday in DC busying with CMS and talking it through and, it's a -there's 
some ugly parts in it, around trying to ban preferred networks, not giving beneficiaries benefits for lower cost 
channels, such as preferred networks or mail order. At the end of the day I can't predict anything, but if you think about 
just the impact of the federal government, it's $9 billion just on their spend, on their side of it. 


I have a hard time seeing in this day and age with the deficits where we are at but that's going to happen. I mean, who 
knows and who knows how this is going to play out, but if you look at -- go to the other side of the equation, into 
Department of Defense, one my guys referenced that earlier today, where they came in and did a full study, they got a 
lot of pressure from the retail coalition to come in and get rid of the mail benefit, they came in, they were pretty 
skeptical, quite frankly whether there was value in mail. 

And when all of the dust settled, we got an incredible report card both on the lack of theirs on the quality of care and on 
the cost saving, 16.7% on average with the cost savings where we are talking of billions of dollars like the DoD that's a 
huge number, 16.7%. So it's -- I feel -- you can never predict the government, but I feel pretty good about where we are 
at, and you look at it and you look at the people who signed the letter they are opposed to this to this position and it's 
almost every disease state group coalition where they are like hemophilia on and on and on. 

They all sign us hundreds and hundreds of people that groups that have signed this bill, it's hard to believe that that's 
going to be give you all carry away, I just -- it doesn't make any sense at the end of the day, but we'll see. 

Unidentified Participant 

Thank you. 

Unidentified Speaker 

Questions up here. 

Unidentified Participant 

Thanks a lot. I have a question about the organic growth, I guess, (inaudible) chart from earlier presentation. For the 
2010 to 2020 a piece of that. If you would have may be sub-segment that into sort of the early part and the latter part of 
the decade. How might that chart differ and I'm thinking specifically about generic and specialty. Thanks. 

Unidentified Speaker 

Yeah. Specialty, -- it's the Chairman here. Specialty is on a very fast increase. For years, specialty was a dispense 
program, we got paid dollars for helping with adherence and helping people with their side effect profiles. But over the 
last several years, the stuff that Glen was showing on the Betaserons and another health, growth hormones and some of 
the other areas, we really guiding in some manage, best driving a lot of -- it is the other side of it, but clients weren't 
happy. So if I am growing, my drug from drug cost trends were only at 1% or 2% a year, and also don't see 5% and 6%, 
that's not a good meeting. 

And so, that first nobody wanted to interfere with this side. Once those trends are going the other way, then they were 
reaching out and asking for help. And then, the help became a need as opposed to us trying to up sell an opportunity. 
Once it become your need, the sales gets a lot easier and it's going up and to those, that piece of it is growing rather 
quickly. 

George Paz, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

Yeah, I would just add George to your point. In 2012, there was a fairly high trend for the specialty and I heard that 
some of the study that we did with the National Pharmacy have helped a lot more clients put in management techniques 
for 2013, we will be announcing our specialty trend in April at our Drug Trend Symposium that we run with our clients 
and I think you'll see that it's still, it will be very significant but down from 2012. 


Unidentified Participant 

George or Tim, can you either of you talk about plan design for 2014, any major changes that you saw? Some of things 
that Dr. Miller talked about that, they found so compelling around bail order, right, when you look at retail. But yet, is 
it the demographic, is that the reason people are a adopting males, did you see male as something people adopted in 
2014 that we didn't see in '13 would be my first question? 

And then second, as we think about plan design changes, we hear a lot about specialty. Is there still a white space 
opportunity around specialty where your customers might buying it for me today, you can get them and get them into 
the narrow network and where are we on a percentage basis? Thank you. 

George Paz, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

Sure. So I'll go first and Steve jump in or Glen. So what I would say is there is no question that stand up -- that we have 
seen a very strong push for the 1-1-13, or 1-1-14 [ph] launches. To continue to narrow specialty and importantly, 
because many of the clients who gotten on that, putting increasing number of tools in place to manage, both the 
utilization management tools for broader sets of population. 

Not unusual, if you look back a few years, the plans we've put a rule to in place to see how it went, maybe in ROA, 
where it was a little bit easier. But now there's just so much opportunity and step therapy, huge. Even outside of the 
core formulary changes we made there are incremental significant opportunities and step therapy that large numbers of 
plans have adopted for 1-1-14. I would additionally say that we have seen continued mail programs put into place. 
Again on the health plan side, we saw good number of health plans putting in, at least some of our select solutions 
programs, if not, in fact more aggressive plans in that. But again, not all of them and not for all other lines of business, 
so that's going to take a little bit longer. 

I think that the other piece is, the screen Rx rational medical clinical sort of bundles that we have, have been very, very 
robust in terms of their up sell. And they contribute not only to the stickiness as I talked about, but they're also 
profitable in their own right. They are not huge, but they are profitable and they differentiate, they are important. And 
we've had, again, as we've been able cross sell the two books of business that we brought into one, we've seen strong 
bias to that. 

I think the last piece is there's no question that for employers who are staying in the game by enlarge, and I think that's 
even was reported again yesterday independently. Putting in percentage co-payments, putting in deductibles and so 
forth on the pharmacy side, you continue to see a push towards that. And so, therefore our job to be making sure we can 
help those members understand, they are more complicated new benefit. So we've had a lot in the terms of the customer 
service and training side to enable for that. I don't know, Steve, if I've got there, Glenn, anything I missed? 

Steve Miller, Senior Vice President & Chief Medical Officer 

One of the things that are going to complicate things going forward are this maximum out-of-pockets. And so, but 
amount of pocket for families is still quite burden soon. And so, the pass for specialty drugs, we have recommended 
that there will be a maximum amount of profitable about $1,500 per year. 

Now you can actually, you have the option, you can either try to hold it there, but you can actually allow it to go much 
higher. And so, we'll see how many employers actually buy to using entire maximum amount of pocket from us. 

Glen Stettin, Senior Vice President, Clinical, Research & New Solutions 


Yeah, until to that content, to that point, we definitely do see in specialty more tier, additional formulary tiers for 
specialty that actually have co-payments, incentives and so forth for members. That is probably the other thing that's 
been surprisingly frankly of how much of that, we even had conversations about what actually are now administering. 

Unidentified Participant 

(inaudible) 

Glen Stettin, Senior Vice President, Clinical, Research & New Solutions 

Sure. Okay, the question about -- what does that mean for our earnings? It's clear the more managed solutions we sell 
and it's back to sort of the one side, which is there are certain clients, who probably just aren't great client for us. But 
the flip side of it is, the client to put these tools in to place gain share with us, they pay us, they pay us in different 
ways. So as you take a client, who puts in a more narrow formulary or adopted our formulary program, in some cases, 
we are going to give them a 100% of what we get. And there are other places that we get paid. The administrative fees 
or other price points that we get relief on. 

In other cases, actually we have a large number of plans, well, in fact share the upside with us as we get manage results 
or will put book orders in place. For the first part, the savings will go to the client, the next part, the savings actually we 
share with the clients to motivate both of us to work together and that really is a client-by-client as we look at how we 
move, we have standard pricing for our bundles and so forth, but we work with the individual client and determine how 
they want us to get paid, but in all cases we get paid for results in those programs and meaningfully so when you get 
into the specialty space in particular. 

Unidentified Participant 

I guess just a follow-up on that. I think there is obviously some compelling data that you share today around specialty. 
Can you give us what percentage of your core PBM book currently uses you exclusively on specialty? And then Cathy 
not to put you on the spot, but this clearly seems like a big driver going forward. Any thought process around breaking 
out specialty for us outside of what you currently report today, so that we would have better visibility into this driver 
going forward? 

Unidentified Speaker 

So from my percentage who is this today, it's around 70, 75 is that some of around 75, (inaudible)Is that right? It's 
about 70, about 70% of the book uses us today. When we say that, keep in mind that I think was when Glen showed 
you this slide where they had all the specialty drugs that were exclusive and limited distribution. So even those clients 
who use us 100%, at times you still have to use other pharmacies if we don't have that drug, that's why it's so important 
for you to have UBS. UBS does a lot of work in Europe through the clinical trials, a lot of work in the United States 
with clinical trials. 

They help the manufacturers get these drugs into the marketplace and then we compete for the REMS and hub 
programs and so far with them from the very beginning and get that done we are really well situated and suited to get 
those drugs. 

And I think that's one of the key reasons why we have more than anybody else in that space. As far as breaking it out -


Cathy Smith, Chief Financial Officer 


I'm happy to answer (inaudible) right there. We'll continue to evaluate, it's the best thing we can do. We know it's 
important to make sure we're giving you guys insight into the businesses with all of our investment community. But 
we'll have to just continue to evaluate. Obviously, up to now hasn't made sense to do that, but we'll continue to work 
with you and I'd love to hear your thoughts on that. 

Unidentified Speaker 

At the end of the day, when you think about the dilemma every company in America faces themselves to very 
sophisticated spot buyers is I want to give you all the data, you can use in order to make good investment decisions. At 
the same time, I got to protect my margins with my clients. So it's a very fine line we walk, we do not take that lightly. 
And we're trying to whether it's the donuts with the percentages growth itself, we're trying to get as much data as we 
can and what we will do is go to another investor survey this summer or into the fall to get some more feedback. We 
had our Investor Day, you'll see our earnings are producing, in terms of new on Board and so, you can give us some 
feedback of how we're doing and I look forward to figure out ways we can be better. But just again, keep in mind, we 
do, we still have the business to run too. So we got to protect ourselves at the same time making as transparent as 
possible. So, it's kind of where we are at. 

David Myers, Vice President of Investor Relations 

Okay. And just do one more. 

Unidentified Participant 

Hi, George (inaudible) from Neuberger Berman. Can you just for clarity purposes, just clarify what exactly you're 
assuming in terms of new coverage on the exchanges versus where you were before in terms of number of lives, so we 
can just kind of get a sense of how we feel your level of contributors in this environment? 

George Paz, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

So, where we are at versus where we thought we are going to be? 

Unidentified Participant 

Yeah. 

George Paz, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

So, if we would have got where we thought we would got, which was around our middle-case scenario, we would be 
guiding to slightly, it's barely down to flat. So that gives you some idea of what we missed. 

Unidentified Participant 

So it's almost like 40 million or 50 million scripts? 

George Paz, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 


Yeah, somewhere in that range. Keep in mind these are heavy, heavy script users. 

Unidentified Participant 

And just what exactly you're reacting to? Is it the number of cards like your HMO partner is issuing or is it the CMS 
data, is it the actual scripts these people are using or what? 

George Paz, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

I'm reacting to our data which is eligibility. So our clients will give us an eligibility fee every night. And so, when they 
add new number, we see that the next day. And then we of course has to issue the card and do all the work. So, we 
know what eligibility looks like and what's coming through. So that's what we're reacting to. 

Unidentified Participant 

Got it. Thank you. 

George Paz, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

Okay. Again, thank you all for joining us today. We really appreciate the opportunity to come up to you and present to 
you. We'll look forward like I said in the fall or this summer; we will do another Investor Survey, because we really do 
value your impact, input and feedback. And thank you all very much and have a great day. I think there will be lunch 
served right outside for you. Thank you. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2014, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


