Q4 2006 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• David Myers, Vice President of Investor Relations 
• Edward J. Stiften, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• George Paz, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Lisa Gill 
• Chris McFadden 
• Matt Perry 
• Lawrence Marsh 
• Robert Willoughby 
• Kemp Dolliver 
• Andrew Speller 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning, my name is Casey and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the Express Scripts fourth quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent 
any background noise. [Operator Instructions]. 

I will now turn the call over to David Myers, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir 

David Myers, Vice President of Investor Relations 

Thank you operator and welcome everyone to our fourth quarter 2006 conference call. With me this morning is George 
Paz, our President and CEO, and Ed Stiften, our CFO. 

Before we begin, I need to read the following. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be 
forward-looking statements and may include but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements 
of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. 
The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking 
statement due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our filings with the SEC. In addition, the 
reconciliation of EBITDA to net income and to net cash provided by operating activities can be found in our earnings 
release which is posted or our website at express-scripts.com. 

Also, Express Scripts has filed a proxy statement in connection with Caremark's special meeting of stockholders at 
which Caremark stockholders will consider the CVS merger agreement and matters in connection therewith. Express 
Scripts' stockholders are strongly advised to read the proxy statement and the accompanied form of GOLD proxy card 
as they contain important information. Express Scripts also intends to file a proxy statement in connection with 
Caremark's annual meeting of stockholders, at which the Caremark stockholders will vote on the election of Directors 
to the Board of Directors of Caremark. Express Scripts stockholders are strongly advised to read this proxy statement 
and the accompanying proxy card when they become available as each will contain important information. 


Stockholders may obtain each proxy statement, proxy card and any amendments or supplements thereto, which are or 
will be filed with the SEC, free of charge at the SEC's website at SEC.gov or by directing a request to MacKenzie 
Partners, Inc. at 800-322-2885 or by email at expressscripts@mackenziepartners.com. 

In addition, this material is not a substitute for the prospectus, offer to exchange, and registration statement that Express 
Scripts has filed with the SEC regarding its exchange offer for all the outstanding shares of common stock of 
Caremark. Investors and security holders are urged to read these documents, all other applicable documents, and any 
amendments or supplements thereto, when they become available because each contain or will contain important 
information. Such documents are or will be available free of charge at the SEC's website, SEC.gov, or by directing a 
request to MacKenzie Partners. 

Express Scripts and its Directors, executive officers and other employees may be deemed to be participants in any 
solicitation of Express Scripts' or Caremark's shareholders in connection with the proposed transaction. Information 
about Express Scripts' Directors and executive officers is available in Express Scripts' proxy statement dated April 
18th, '06, filed in connection with its 2006 annual meeting of stockholders. Additional information about the interests 
of petitional participants is included in the proxy statement filed in connection with Caremark's special meeting to 
approve the proposed merger with CVS and will be included in any proxy statement regarding the proposed 
transaction. We have also filed additional information regarding our solicitation of stockholders with respect to 
Caremark's annual meeting on a Schedule 14A pursuant to Rule 14a-12 on January 9, 2007. 

At this point I'll turn the call over to Ed Stiften who will discuss our financial results. 

Edward J. Stiften, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, David. Today I'm pleased to discuss Express Scripts' fourth quarter performance. As we have said in the 
past, we are very bullish on the PBM industry, and our fourth quarter and full year results support that enthusiasm. 

We had a very strong fourth quarter with outstanding performance in several areas of our company. We reported record 
fourth quarter diluted earnings per share of $1.02 on an adjusted basis, representing growth of 32% over last year's 
adjusted EPS for the fourth quarter. Our strong fourth quarter EPS is in the top half of the 27% to 35% growth range we 
guided to for this fourth quarter over a year ago and provides confidence that we've built a solid platform for growth for 
2007 and beyond. For full year we reported diluted earnings per share of $3.29 on an adjusted basis, a 27% increase 
over $2.60 cents on an adjusted basis for 2005. For 2006, earnings per share of $3.29 exceeded our initial 2006 
guidance range of $3.10 to $3.22, outperforming the midpoint of the range by 4 percentage points. 

Cash flow set a record this quarter at $306 million and reached $658.6 million for the year. We have increased our 
2007 cash flow guidance from a range of 650 to 750 million to a range of 700 million to 800 million. In addition, our 
first quarter 2007 cash flow is expected to be in a range of 110 million to 150 million. The roll off of lower margin 
claims from a few specific clients continued to mask what would otherwise have been a stronger quarter for home 
delivery. Excluding the reduction in home delivery claims for these few specific clients, home delivery claims would 
have increased 6% over last year. 

We continued to demonstrate our leadership in generic utilization, which reached a record high of 59.7% compared to 
55.4% last year. With the success of our formulary strategy, which promotes the use of lower cost generics and lower 
cost brands, and with several new generics coming to market in 2007, we are confident that we will drive generic 
utilization 300 to 400 basis points higher in 2007, delivering savings for our clients and patients and improved 
profitability for our company. 

Another area of improved performance was specialty pharmacy. The Specialty and Ancillary Services segment showed 
solid sequential growth from the third quarter, generating 20.1 million dollars of operating income resulting from new 
business that began in the fourth quarter, seasonal increases in certain products and a reduction in expense levels. We 
believe we are well positioned for long term growth in the specialty marketplace. 


Our outstanding performance not only generated significant savings for our clients and patients, we also reached a 
record high EBITDA per adjusted claim which increased to $2.06 for the quarter, a 35% increase over last year. In 
addition, our continued focus on capital management contributed to an improvement in our return on invested capital to 
17.3% in 2006 from 16.3% last year. 

As a result of our strong fourth quarter performance and outlook for the future, we are increasing our previous 2007 
diluted earnings per share guidance from a range of $3.90 to $4.02 to a range of $4.08 to $4.20. In addition, we have 
increased the first quarter EPS guidance from a range of 85 cents to 90 cents to a range of 90 cents to 95 cents. 

The higher earnings per share for the first quarter and full year 2007 results from the following. Approximately 30% of 
the higher earnings guidance results from stronger claims volume than was expected in our original guidance. In fact, 
January adjusted claims volume ran 6% ahead of budget, or in other words, 6% ahead of the previous earnings 
guidance. 

Our increased claims volume is due to 3 primary causes. Number one, many of our large managed care clients 
experienced greater growth in membership than we had budgeted. Secondly, two large clients who had indicated they 
would terminate have instead extended with us at least through mid-year. Third, the very end of the selling season came 
in a little stronger than expected, especially in the middle market or small and medium employers. So therefore, we are 
anticipating a 2 percentage point improvement in claims volume for the year versus our original guidance. 

Back to the earnings increases, another 50% of the earnings guidance improvement reflects increased generic 
utilization and lower generic drug purchasing cost. As a result of our clients' increased use of step-therapy programs 
and other formulary management tools, we are seeing stronger than expected utilization of generic drugs, especially in 
the statin therapy class. We are also seeing better than budgeted pricing from several generic manufacturers on certain 
drugs. 

Another approximately 10% of the increased earnings guidance reflects lower retail home delivery drug purchasing 
cost and lower selling and general administrative costs than anticipated. And the remaining 10% of the increased 
guidance results from the implementation of tax planning strategies which will lower our income taxes from our 
original guidance. We now estimate our recurring effective income tax rate to be between 36.7% and 36.8%. 

In addition, you may recall that our original 2007 guidance included an allowance for the potential impact arising from 
First Data Bank's proposed AWP settlement. As time has passed, we believe the marketplace has gained a better 
understanding that if AWP is reduced, discounts off of the AWP reference price would be adjusted in order to achieve 
the economics originally intended by both parties to the contract. It also appears that the proposed changes to AWP 
may occur later in the year than expected. With that said, however, we have not yet adjusted the allowance for the 
potential impact of the AWP in our current guidance, but we'll monitor the situation throughout the year to see if a 
reduction in this allowance is warranted. 

The 2007 guidance also assumes Express Scripts on standalone performance, so on an apples and apples basis with the 
previous guidance. And it specifically excludes any financial impacts of either a completed acquisition of Caremark or 
an unsuccessful effort to be the acquirer of Caremark. Finally, the guidance also excludes any impacts from an increase 
in share repurchases since we don't yet know who will be the successful acquirer of Caremark. We're very pleased with 
our strong results for the quarter and full year, and at this point I would like to turn the call over to George Paz 

George Paz, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Ed and good morning everyone. We have confidence in our industry, and our quarterly results support our 
bullish position. Our fourth quarter culminated an outstanding year powered by continued innovation and execution. 
Our performance in 2006 also demonstrated the success of our business model, which was built around alignment of 
interest with our plan sponsors and their patients. 

Consider some of the successes we achieved in 2006. We began 2006 by making formulary changes in order to better 
position our clients and patients to take advantage of the new generic drugs entering the statin marketplace in the 


second half of the year. While this strategy produced an unfavorable earnings impact to Express Scripts in the first half 
of 2006, it was a risk we believed we should take for the long term interests of our customers and stockholders. Our 
strategy resulted in an overwhelming success with a 13 percentage point increase in the use of generics in the statin 
class which was about triple that seen nationally. This is something that we are very proud of because it's clear 
evidence that we can -- that what we can -- what can happen with a business model that is independent of the players in 
the supply chain. 

As a result of this alignment, our strategy in the statin class alone generated savings for our plan sponsors and patients 
of over 100 million dollars last year alone, while contributing to stronger earnings growth in the second half of 2006. 
As you might imagine, this exceptional success with moving market share to a greater degree than imagined has 
positioned us very well for the next round of rebate negotiations with all manufacturers for 2008 and beyond. 

Our success in delivering savings for our -- and our focus on clients and patients service, are paying more than just 
financial dividends. The client satisfaction was 96% in 2006, while clients willing to recommend us to other plan 
sponsors reached 94%. For example, the Department of Defense reported that beneficiaries served by Express Scripts 
had a 96.3% satisfaction rate last quarter. That's the highest member satisfaction rating among all TRICARE health 
care vendors. Outstanding customer service also helps explain why we retained 93% of our clients last year. 

We integrated Priority [Healthcare Corporation] into our specialty business and are realizing tangible benefits including 
better access to products in limited and exclusive networks. Part of our success in the PBM segment is due to our 
improved ability to win and retain clients due to an enhanced specialty capabilities. But more importantly, we will 
continue to drive long term growth in the specialty space the same way we have in the PBM space, through innovation 
and execution. 

We have led the PBM marketplace in the development of sophisticated trend management tools, including three-tier 
co-payment plans, step-therapy and generic utilization programs. We will also lead the specialty marketplace in the 
development of trend management tools for specialty drugs. For example, Express Scripts is leading the way by 
actively working with Congress to create a biogenerics pathway which could unlock approximately 70 billion dollars of 
savings for our nation over the next decade for just four drugs which have already lost patent protection. We see 
tremendous opportunities in the specialty marketplace by implementing trend management tools which will keep our 
clients better managed -- allow our clients to better manage the high costs of specialty drugs. 

We are bullish on the PBM marketplace and believe we have considerable room to run in generics, home delivery and 
specialty pharmacy. This enthusiasm for our space is why in late December we announced our offer to acquire 
Caremark. Our preference from the start would have been to sit down and discuss our offer with Caremark's Board of 
Directors and senior management. We believe that Caremark's stockholders would benefit from what was and still is a 
clearly superior offer to the proposed acquisition of Caremark by CVS. We hope that Caremark's Board and 
management would work with us to complete a combination that would create a far stronger company for our 
respective stockholders, plan sponsors and patients. Unfortunately, Caremark has chosen not to talk to us and instead 
has gone to unusual lengths to defend its transaction with CVS. The deal they have signed up with CVS offers their 
stockholders less value and is predicated on a model of vertical integration that has failed time and time again in health 
care in general and in the PBM industry in particular. In contrast, the Express Scripts offer delivers greater and more 
certain value to Caremark stockholders and is based on a proven model of horizontal integration. 

Fortunately, Caremark stockholders have an opportunity to make their own choice about the inferior CVS proposal. We 
have continued to proceed forward so that we can consummate our transaction with Caremark and taken a number of 
tangible and important steps. We have committed financing. We commenced an exchange offer to take our offer 
directly to Caremark's stockholders. We nominated a slate of four Directors to Caremark's Board, and we re-filed 
notification on our HSR seeking to clear the transaction without a second request. At every step of the way, we have 
kept the door open for Caremark's Board and management to speak to us about the value we know can be realized from 
combining our companies. 

Without question our first choice is to be -- to successfully complete the acquisition of Caremark is our best option for 
taking advantage of what we believe will be a favorable environment for PBMs. However, our next best option would 


be to leverage our substantial financial flexibility, repurchase our stock. Accordingly, our Board has approved an 
increase in our share repurchase authorization, which will enable us to repurchase up to 14.1 million shares or one 
billion dollars, whichever occurs first. If the Caremark stockholders vote in favor of the CVS proposal to acquire 
Caremark, we intend to promptly commence this share repurchase program. We urge Caremark stockholders to vote 
against the CVS proposal to protect the value of their interest. We are confident that an Express Scripts/Caremark 
combination offers Caremark stockholders greater value today and in the future. 

2006 was a very successful year, and we are excited about our opportunities for 2007. This excitement has enabled us 
to increase our 2007 earnings guidance, and we look forward to reporting more successes as the year progresses. 

That concludes our prepared remarks, and now we will be happy to answer any questions. Operator. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Lisa Gill with J.P. Morgan. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: Thanks very much and good morning. Ed, I was wondering if maybe you could just talk a little bit 
about some of the references to guidance as it pertains to when you gave the initial guidance in November. For 
example, you had talked about generic penetration increasing by roughly 3 to 4%. Is that still within your expectations? 
And then secondly you had given some EBITDA per script guidance of $2.10 to $2.25. With the increase in the number 
of claims, should we still anticipate that that is the range or would the range increase? And then lastly, on the share 
repurchase with this opportunity of another billion dollar share repurchase, how much is in the guidance today and how 
much would offer upside should you not be successful with Caremark? 

<A - Edward Stiften>: Let's see, if I could take it in reverse order. The share repurchases, our original guidance 
assumed about half of that amount, which would have been a typical amount for us in a given year. But we had it a 
little more back-end loaded because we weren't sure if we would be in blackout periods in the first half of the year. So 
this billion dollars would represent more and sooner. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: And if Caremark doesn't work out for you, would you consider doing something like a Dutch auction 
where you would do it in an accelerated manner or should we also assume that it would be spread throughout the back 
half of the year? 

<A - Edward Stiften>: We would do it promptly and we haven't decided which method we would utilize yet, but there 
are several options available to us and we'll make that decision should we not be the successful acquirer. But you 
should think of it as much more front-end loaded than what we had in our original guidance. And let's see, with respect 
to generics, yes, we would be looking at about 300 to 400 percentage points of growth again. And with respect to the 
EBITDA per script, since volume is up 2% and earnings per share is going to be up more like 4%, yes, there's about 
another 2 points of growth in EBITDA per script versus what was in the original guidance. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: Okay great. And then just one last question. George, can you just talk a little bit about what plans are 
looking for for 2007? Are we seeing anything from a zero copay perspective on the generic side or anything else that 
they are doing from a shift perspective for plan design? 

<A - George Paz>: The plans are becoming more and more active in trying to manage their medical trends and their 
drug benefit trends in particular. Our Clinical and Research department is – works very closely with our Account 
Management team in order to give many options, including mail programs which are both mandatory in nature and 
educational in nature. For those clients that don't want mandatory mail, many of them select what we call mail 
education programs, whereby we can inform the members of the benefits that exist through a mail program. Zero dollar 
copays on generics are fairly popular when a new drug is coming to market, to waive for six months or a period of time 
the copay in order to help influence the member to take advantage of the generic situation. So we do see those 
opportunities arise. 


You know, a lot of step-therapy programs. I would say the interest in step-therapy has grown significantly over the last 
couple of years, and over this year in particular, it continues to be very strong. I think the moves we made in the statin 
class and the savings, the hundred million dollars we referenced last year keep in mind grows significantly for our plan 
sponsors in the upcoming year. So those managed care clients who were aggressive in this area could see some very 
nice trend declines for their membership, and therefore have helped to regulate the premium levels that they set on the 
employer side. Again, those moves help to significantly drive down costs, and so we're seeing a very high degree, you 
know, success begets success, and so we are seeing some very favorable impacts from those programs. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: Great. Thanks very much and congratulations on the quarter. 

<A - George Paz>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Tom Gallucci with Merrill Lynch. 

<Q>: Hi. It's actually John Green on for Tom Gallucci. He had to attend a conference. On your specialty operating 
margin growth expectations for 2007, I wonder if you can give us any color there, and then secondly if you can give us 
a sense of what level of debt to EBITDA leverage you would be comfortable with going forward? 

<A - George Paz>: I think I'll have Ed answer those questions. Ed? 

<A - Edward Stiften>: On the specialty, we haven't spoken to margins specifically. What we are expecting though is 
that specialty operating income for the year will be greater obviously than it was in '06. We haven't commented on how 
much or whether it was driven by volume or margin, but that would be the comment on specialty. I think if we were 
going to use an S word on specialty, we would probably use words like solid rather than spectacular, and our objective 
long term is to convert solid to spectacular and George talked about some of the things we're doing long term to make 
that happen. So I think you should see a sequential growth for the year versus '06. And the other question, I'm sorry? 

<Q>: Wondering what level of 


<A - Edward Stiften>: I'm sorry. Yeah. We have been as high as 4.5 times in the past. Private deals have gone out as 
high as 7 times EBIDTA with no synergies. So with respect to leverage in an acquisition, the leverage would not be a 
limiter. We would be more limited by what's the proper value to pay for an asset more so than leverage, so the leverage 
is not a limiter for us. And in terms of if we weren't the successful acquirer, then obviously we would be at a much 
lower level than that. 

<A - George Paz>: The beauty of our business, as you know, really does revolve around the fact of cash generation 
without significant capital commitments. As you've followed us through the years, you know that the biggest outlay we 
could make in any given year is – or that we make in any given year is when we have to open a new high-volume filler 
and that roughly costs 25 million dollars to do that. Meanwhile, if you look at our cash flows, we came in around $650 
million for the year. So this is not a business that is capital constrained. In fact, we generate a significant amount of 
capital, and we feel that it's our responsibility to manage our cost of capital in a manner that produces the highest 
returns without putting our shareholders at risk. So we are not afraid of leverage, but we are also very diligent in 
making sure that we manage it in the proper perspective. 

<Q>: Great. Appreciate the comments. 

<A - George Paz>: Absolutely. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Chris McFadden with Goldman Sachs. 


<Q - Chris McFadden>: Thank you and good morning. Two questions. Picking up on the last, in the last call we had 
spent some time talking about some of the integration dynamics at the former Priority or specialty platform. You'd had 
some management changes there if my memory serves me. Perhaps you could update us more broadly operationally 
how things are going there, understanding your comments about solid versus spectacular. And then George I know 
there's a piece out this morning in one of the New York papers talking about options timing and some related matters, 
and I'm wondering if you had any comments on that news piece this morning. Thanks. 

<A - George Paz>: Sure. Well, let me do the New York Post situation first. Our Board and management team always 
puts the company first in all compensation decisions, including options and restricted stock plans. Following the 
announcement of our 2004 and 2005 earnings, a significant change in our stock price was unexpected and surprising to 
our management team. In both cases our reported annual earnings were in line with or slightly exceeded Street 
estimates available from First Call. To keep it in perspective, in 2004 we reported earnings of $1.94 with a Street 
estimate of $1.94 and the stock price rose by $7.30. For those of you that remember back to that period, we had 
invested in a Medicare discount card program and took a pretty significant write-off in the fourth quarter. 

What we did was we decided that that was a bet that management made. We thought that there was bigger 
opportunities than actually existed in that program, and so both myself and our management team cut our bonuses. So 
all of our senior management team cut I think it was 12.5, 13 million dollars out of our bonus program in order – so that 
we would not disappoint and miss Street expectations. And I think the stock market – we didn't know how the stock 
market would react to that, because we only hit the Street estimate, but our stock price rose $4.30. 

In the following year, we actually beat the Street. We reported earnings of $2.60 and the Street estimate was $2.58, so 
we beat by 2 cents our consensus Street estimate, and I can't tell you why, I don't understand it, but our stock fell $5.31. 
So it – I believe that as a management team and our Board takes executive compensation matters very seriously, but we 
can't speak to fluctuations in our stock price and how the market might react to our earnings news. 

With respect to Priority, there's two different components to this. Well, there's actually three. One is the integration of 
the back offices. That part of the business is basically for the most part behind us. That's not to say that we don't 
continuously improve, but we have merged the home offices of the two entities, and we were going to do that 
irrespective of what was going to happen in the marketplace with respect to delayed launches of drugs. We believe that 
we have to get the operations running smoothly and soundly and that's what our first priority was. So we in fact 
integrated the operations business and the platforms, and we are I believe dramatically improved the service levels. 

As we look out to on an ongoing basis though, we still have a lot of work to do. This is an evolving business that's in its 
infancy. We still have a lot to do with respect to our trend management programs. The individual, Brenda Motheral, 
here at Express Scripts who manages that area is working closely with the clinicians and the sales people both at the 
PBM and at our specialty market to continue to improve and enhance our trend management programs and capabilities 
so that we are in fact a trend manager of specialty and not merely a dispenser of drugs. And we will continue to focus 
in that area and improve customer satisfaction, patient satisfaction, at the same time drive down costs for our plan 
sponsors and improve health outcomes for our patients. So we're excited about our future with respect to specialty. Ed, 
I don't know if you've got some other comments around specialty. 

<A - Edward Stiften>: I would say most of the nonrecurring expenses related to specialty are for the most part behind 
us. So we're pretty much at sort of a representative run rate now, and so it's a matter of where we take it from here. So I 
think that most of the noise is out of the earnings. 

<Q - Chris McFadden>: Have you lost any other contracts beyond the managed care loss you disclosed in the last 
quarter in the specialty business? 

<A - Edward Stiften>: No, I don't think there – there have been no losses since say three months ago. 

<Q - Chris McFadden>: Very good. Thank you for the detail 

<A - George Paz>: Thank you Chris. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from Matt Perry with Wachovia Securities. 

<Q - Matt Perry>: Good morning. Not sure how you – if you want to answer this question, but I'm going to ask it 
anyway. Your press release, when you talk about if the attempted acquisition of Caremark is not successful, you'll 
promptly, based on a Caremark shareholders vote, you'll promptly buy back your stock. Does that at all imply that you 
are satisfied with your offer as it stands now? Does it preclude changing that offer, I guess is my question? 

<A - George Paz>: We never exclude any of our options, but I will tell you that if you invest in Express Scripts today 
you're buying a stock based on yesterday's close that was trading and now today's guidance at a significant discount to 
our growth rate, somewhere in that 0.6 to 0.7 PEG ratio, where historically we have traded much, much higher than 
that. Our P/Es are very low relative to our historical P/E in the 20 or low 20s. And for us, we believe that our stock is 
significantly undervalued, and so I think that the Caremark shareholders are really getting a very good offering in that 
one, the synergies that we can produce as a combined company are both proven in our industry and well documented in 
our industry of putting together two horizontal companies. In addition, they are getting the certainty of cash, so they 
know the value of one element of our offering. And second, not only are you getting the growth rate of a PBM, which 
has far exceeded the growth rate of the retail drug store chains over the last five years or over the last ten years for that 
matter, but in addition to that, you are getting a significantly undervalued Express Scripts stock. So you both get the 
normal – you should get the normal ramp up in stock price as it returns to its historical P/E levels plus the tremendous 
growth opportunities that should exist in this business as we look out to the future. So we're not precluding anything, 
but we believe that our offer is a far superior offer than that which is put in front of the Caremark shareholders vis-à-vis 
a CVS offer. 

<Q - Matt Perry>: Okay. That's helpful. And can you care to comment at all on reactions as you have talked to your 
investors and PBM industry investors on their reaction to the offer to buy Caremark? 

<A - George Paz>: I've talked to both clients and to investors, and personally I have not heard negatives. I think that 
the – you know, when you look at when Caremark bought AdvancePCS, and for that matter when Advance bought 
PCS, we saw nice stock value appreciations in our industry. You go back to 1998 when I was the Chief Financial 
Officer of this company, we bought ValueRx. We had significant stock appreciation and significant synergies that came 
out of that transaction. A year later we bought DPS and the facts repeated themselves. Several years after that we 
bought NPA and again we saw significant success. 

So I think that if you look at our industry, there's such a tremendous track record of success in putting together PBMs in 
our space. I think that the harder question is around a vertical integration and trying to understand with the workloads 
that pharmacists have today standing behind a counter, how easy is it really going to be to implement plan design 
changes? And once you go through the process, I believe pharmacists are professional individuals who will do the best 
thing they can for their plan sponsors, provided they have the time. And it's hard for me to believe that a pharmacist 
will, if 20% of Caremark's business is at CVS, and I'm guessing at that number, but if it is, then I believe the 
pharmacist, if trained and has the time, which are – the latter of which would be very difficult, but if they have the time 
to influence those changes, why would they only do it for the Caremark clients? Why would they only take care of one 
out of every five patients? Why wouldn't they help move the Medco patients, the Express Scripts patients, the 
WellPoint patients, the CIGNA patients, the Aetna patients, the myriad of different PBMs that are out there 
administering benefits and help all of them together so that that member would save money and get the best clinical 
opportunities. I think the pharmacist at the retail chains should be doing that job irrespective of the ownership change, 
and we would be excited to see those things come about, as it would improve profitability for all the PBMs. 

<Q - Matt Perry>: And if I could just squeeze one last question in, since you made the offer for Caremark, has your 
relationship with CVS as part of your network changed in any way? 

<A - George Paz>: No. I mean, I think that CVS is a quality provider. There's been a little bit of dirt thrown around 
and I'm really sad to see that. I think that CVS is a good provider, Walgreens is a good provider. Our job is to try to pit 
the providers against each other to reach the maximum discounts for our plan sponsors. So we work day in and day out. 


Our people in our supply chain management area work continuously with the CVS people in trying to make sure that 
we are working together to improve health outcomes and drive down costs for our plan sponsors. I haven't heard of 
any, nor have I seen any disruptions with respect to our CVS relationship. 

<Q - Matt Perry>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Larry Marsh with Lehman Brothers. 
<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Thanks, good morning. Maybe first for Ed, if I could just clarify some of the components of 


the guidance so I don't misunderstand it. Your prior guidance of 3.90 to 4.02 was assuming roughly half a billion of 
share repurchase more toward the back of the year, is that right? 
<A - Edward Stiften>: Yes. 
<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Okay. And the current guidance is assuming the billion dollars more front end loaded, is that 


right? 


<A - Edward Stiften>: Yes. Well, excuse me. Hang on. That would be our plan if we don't acquire Caremark but none 
of that is built into the guidance yet. So what is still in the guidance was the original share repurchases. 
<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Which is 500 million, but you're just saying it's going to be a little bit more front end loaded. 
<A - Edward Stiften>: If we move to that and if we move to that, that would be an improvement to the guidance, 


because we still have in this existing guidance, we still have the 500 million back end loaded. 
<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Okay. So the 4.08 to 4.20 still says half a billion share repurchase more back end loaded? 
<A - Edward Stiften>: Yes. 
<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: And doesn't include the incremental 500 million which could be accelerated if you don't buy 


Caremark. 
<A - Edward Stiften>: Correct. 
<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Okay. Secondly, just the adjusted scripts you were -- had been saying it was going to be 


down 5 to 6% for '07. I guess now you're saying it's going to be down three to five percent, is that right? 
<A - Edward Stiften>: Three to four. 
<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Three to four. Okay. And then mail scripts you had said was going to be flat to slightly up for 


'07, has that changed? 
<A - Edward Stiften>: No, no material change there. 
<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Okay. So does that mean that 30% of the upside in the guidance comes from the better than 


expected claims when you went through the percentages? 
<A - Edward Stiften>: Yes. So -<
Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Okay 
<A - Edward Stiften>: Take script volume up about 2%, and it's more tended toward network than mail. 
<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Okay. I got it. And then are you disclosing the two large clients that have been extended to 


mid-year? 
<A - Edward Stiften>: We have not, but you should think of them as below our average margin. 



<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Okay. And then, George, well along with that, you talked about the selling season being 
better than expected in the mid market. Is that the upside in claims, and is there any noticeable change at the high end? 

<A - George Paz>: Ed Ignaczak who is our Senior Vice President in charge of Sales made a strategic decision in his 
area and for our company to invest heavily into the middle market area. As plan sponsors have become more 
sophisticated and as the consulting practices have moved down into the lower areas of the -- the smaller areas of the 
plan sponsor area, we saw significant opportunities to take the trend tools that we have and go deeper. And so we have 
heightened or built out our sales force, our clinicians, and went after that marketplace in a stronger manner. What 
typically happens there though is that because they are small clients it's hard to necessarily monitor the sales experience 
in that group as much as you can with the large employer groups, and so what ended up happening as the year came to 
a close is that our efforts and our investments paid off. And we had a much higher growth in our middle market area, 
which by definition has a higher margin than the large employers and the manage care companies in particular. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Okay. Great. And then just finally, I think, Ed, you had said 10% of the upside is coming 
from lower home delivery cost – purchasing costs as well as lower SG&A growth. Are you breaking out any 
assumptions of what that SG&A growth could be for '07? 

<A - Edward Stiften>: No, it's just that versus the original budgets, we're predicted to run lower than we did going 
into the year. We have had a couple of our managers get a little bit ahead of their commitments for the year, and so 
we're in pretty good shape and predicting to finish that way. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Okay. Are you breaking out generic mix penetration retail versus mail, I know you have a 
consolidated number? 

<A - Edward Stiften>: Oh, we haven't -- if you could call David Myers he'll be able to give you that data. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Okay. When would you anticipate filing your 10-K, have you identified -


<A - Edward Stiften>: About noon today. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Okay. Great. Very good. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Robert Willoughby with Banc of America Securities. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: George or Ed, can you give us any sense of legal costs expenditures in the fourth quarter, 
what that might have done to the numbers and possibly going forward on that front? 

<A - George Paz>: Sure. I'll have Ed answer that. 

<A - Edward Stiften>: Actually our legal expense in the fourth quarter was a little bit higher than previous quarters, 
but we're not expecting any major changes to the run rate there. So we think in terms of roughly $5 million of expense 
per quarter. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: I'm sorry, 5 million a quarter? 

<A - Edward Stiften>: Yes, roughly. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Okay. Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Kemp Dolliver with Cowen and Company. 


<Q - Kemp Dolliver>: Hi, thanks, and good morning. On the enrollment guidance increase, is that mainly Part D 
related lives? 

<A - George Paz>: I think it's across-the-board. I know it's across-the-board. I'm sorry. 

<Q - Kemp Dolliver>: Okay. Great. And any – do you have any data with regard to the impact or lack thereof of the 
Wal-Mart generic program in the last few months? 

<A - George Paz>: Both Ed and I'll take a shot at this first. Then Ed can speak to it as well. I think the Wal-Mart 
situation certainly got a lot of publicity. I think it was a very good move for Wal-Mart who has had their share of 
issues, and I think it really heightened and highlighted the generic opportunities that exist in the marketplace. As I 
specifically talk to our clients, that issue comes up, we talk about it, we talk about those opportunities, and again I think 
Kemp that that's just a great opportunity that we have as an independent PBM to take advantage of price points in the 
marketplace. So that if in fact there is a special discount or opportunity that exists in the marketplace, as an independent 
PBM we can help take advantage of that situation on behalf of our plan sponsors and not be conflicted by our 
ownership. But again I think it's a lot more noise than there is actual results, and I can let Ed talk a little bit about that 
as well. 

<A - Edward Stiften>: Yes, Kemp if Wal-Mart moves a prescription from one retail outlet to another, we're indifferent 
to that in terms of our earnings, and if our customers save money, that's great. With respect to earnings, the only way it 
impacts us is if they move a mail script to Wal-Mart retail, and we do every quarter a little over 10 million mail scripts 
a quarter. And it looks like they moved somewhere between 1 and 2 thousand out of 10 million scripts for the quarter, 
so de minimis impact. 

<Q - Kemp Dolliver>: That's very helpful. Thank you. 

<A - George Paz>: Thank you. Why don't we take one more question? 

Operator 

Your last question comes from Andy Speller from A.G. Edwards. 

<Q - Andrew Speller>: Hi, I got a clarification first, then a question. With regard to the new guidance, you listed two 
things with regard to you said lower generic pricing or buying, I guess, in the generic piece, and then you also said 
lower home delivery purchase costs. I wonder if those two -- if you'd just clarify the difference between those two 
items if I heard them wrong. 

<A - Edward Stiften>: Some would be rebates and some would be generic pricing, and on the generic pricing it's 
always a guess as to what pricing you're going to get on the new generic drugs that come in. And also there's been a 
development in the industry that we probably underestimated a little bit, and that is there are some of the drugs that are 
a little more difficult to manufacture than others. And therefore, in the past there's been sometimes a little less 
availability of competition on those drugs because they are a little more difficult to manufacture. But the generic 
manufacturers have gotten more and more sophisticated, so now when some of those drugs come to market, there are 
actually more generic competitors for those kinds of drugs. And therefore, we're seeing better pricing, and that was a 
benefit that we didn't anticipate to the degree that it's coming in. So that's a big part of what happened. 

<Q - Andrew Speller>: Great and you're talking about generics there with the more difficult to manufacture piece? 

<A - Edward Stiften>: Yes. 

<Q - Andrew Speller>: Right, not brands? 

<A - Edward Stiften>: Yes. 

<Q - Andrew Speller>: So, the home delivery piece would equate to rebates? 


<A - Edward Stiften>: For the most part. 

<Q - Andrew Speller>: Okay. And then I noticed in the quarter that your inventory days were down significantly in 
the fourth quarter. Any reason for that? 

<A - Edward Stiften>: A big part of that is the successful integration at Priority, so we were able to merge some 
pharmacies there. That was kind of an ongoing activity through the year. There's a little bit of that opportunity still left, 
but our specialty operations did a fabulous job of integrating their operating platforms from both a systems standpoint 
and an inventory standpoint. So we got a big gain there. 

<Q - Andrew Speller>: So then we would be at this level going forward you think on inventory days basis? 

<A - Edward Stiften>: Yes, I think very close to this. And by the way, because of that inventory reduction, the cash 
flow from the acquisition has come in very strong. 

<Q - Andrew Speller>: Okay. And then lastly if I could, you mentioned step-therapy, can you give us outside the 
statin class where else step-therapy is playing an important role on the generic side? Thanks. 

<A - George Paz>: Sure. Though there's quite a few different classes, but in the particular classes such as PPIs and 
COX-2s have been significant opportunities for us and continue to make themselves available to drive down costs. 
Keep in mind that in the SSRI class there's I believe 4 now generics in that class that gives doctors quite a bit to choose 
from and still take advantage of the generic opportunities. So those have been very beneficial to us. 

<A - Edward Stiften>: Okay? 

George Paz 

Okay. Well, we definitely appreciate everyone's time for joining us today. Keep in mind that there is a GOLD proxy 
card out there, and it -- just so we don't lose sight of this, we are also a Caremark shareholder and you can guess how 
I'm going to bet my Caremark shares and I would certainly appreciate your support in voting against the CVS 
transaction. So I look forward to talking to you all in the future and thank you very much. Bye-bye. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2012, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


