Q1 2007 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• David Myers, Vice President Investor Relations 
• Edward J. Stiften, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• George Paz, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Glen Santangelo 
• Tom Gallucci 
• Robert Willoughby 
• Charles Boorady 
• Lisa Gill 
• Lawrence Marsh 
• Randall Stanicky 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Jennifer, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to 
welcome everyone to the Express Scripts First Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] 
Thank you. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. David Myers, Vice President of Investor Relations. 
Sir, you may begin. 

David Myers, Vice President Investor Relations 

Thank you and good morning everyone and welcome to our First Quarter 2007 Conference Call. With me this morning 
is George Paz, our CEO and Ed Stiften, our CFO. 

Before we begin I need to read the following: Statements or comments made on this conference call may be 
forward-looking statements and may include but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements 
of the company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. 
The company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking 
statement, due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. 

In addition, the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income and the net cash provided by operating activities can be found 
in our earnings release, which is posted on our website at www.express-scripts.com. 

Now I'll turn the call over to Ed Stiften who will discuss our financial results for the quarter. 

Edward J. Stiften, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you David. Today I'm pleased to discuss Express Scripts' first quarter performance. 2007 has gotten off to a very 
strong start, continuing a trend you've seen over the last several quarters of strong earnings and profit per script growth. 


We reported record adjusted earnings per share of $1.04, representing a 49% increase over the 70 cents reported for the 
first quarter last year. 

The $1.04 of adjusted earnings per share exceeded our first quarter guidance range of 90 to 95 cents due to several 
factors. One, we experienced lower drug purchasing costs than forecast. We and our clients continue to benefit from 
this trend that you've seen over the last several quarters. Each quarter we typically accrue approximately $5 million in 
legal costs. However, this quarter there was no need to accrue that full amount due to lack of new legal activity. We 
also experienced lower direct processing costs and lower selling, general, and administrative expenses than we had 
anticipated. 

Our record generic utilization and lower drug purchasing costs not only generated significant savings for our clients 
and patients, it also generated a record high adjusted EBITDA per adjusted claim of $2.11, a 36% increase over last 
year. We also had a very strong quarter for cash flow. We generated 155.6 million compared to 41 million last year. 
The 155.6 million of cash flow exceeded slightly the top end of our guidance range of 110 to 150 million. We increased 
our diluted earnings per share guidance from a range $4.14 to 4.26 to a range of $4.29 to $4.41 per share. 

Our increased guidance reflects strong underlying trends, including lower drug purchasing costs and higher generic 
utilization, our increased share repurchase program, and other productivity improvements. Our guidance range excludes 
the nonrecurring items discussed in our release. We are also increasing our guidance on cash flow from operations from 
a range of 700 to 800 million to a range of 750 to 850 million. As we pointed out in the press release, there is a 
potential 14 cents to 16 cents per diluted share upside to our earnings guidance range. The biggest item providing this 
upside would be the reduction of the allowance for the potential impact of the AWP [average wholesale price] 
settlement. As time has passed, the company believes that the marketplace has gained a better understanding that if 
AWP is reduced, discounts off the AWP reference price would be adjusted in order to achieve the price originally 
intended by both parties to the contract. 

In addition, the settlement proposed by First DataBank may occur later than originally expected. This potential upside 
of 14 to 16 cents per diluted share would be realized in the second half of 2000 (sic) [2007], the majority occurring in 
the fourth quarter. We are very pleased with our strong results for the quarter, and at this point I would like to turn the 
call over to George Paz. 

George Paz, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Ed. Good morning, everyone. Our first-quarter results speak to the dynamics of our marketplace and the 
success of our business model. Plan sponsors are becoming more active in managing drug costs, adopting a variety of 
proven as well as innovative, management tools. Change is a constant in our business, and as a major force in the 
healthcare industry, PBMs must continue to find new ways to manage the pressures of rising costs and changing 
healthcare dynamics. Nobody in the industry is better at innovation and execution than Express Scripts, and we have 
been successful because of our history of independence, which has allowed us to align our business interests with our 
clients and patients. 

During the last decade we've pioneered step therapy and three-tiered prescription drug programs. Our Generics Today 
program, which last year resulted in the largest plan market share movement in the history of pharmacy, will continue 
to evolve as a powerful trend management tool. 

Tools such as these and our focus on alignment explain why we lead the PBM industry in generic utilization and why 
our services will continue to provide significant value to plan sponsors and patients. We are proud that during the first 
quarter of 2007 we were the first major PBM to exceed a generic fill rate of 60%. We will also lead the transformation 
of the specialty marketplace from a dispensing function to the development of sophisticated trend management tools for 
high-touch, high-cost biotech drugs. For example, Express Scripts is leading the way by actively working with 
Congress to create a biogenerics pathway, which could unlock billions of savings after the generics are introduced. We 
are bullish on the PBM marketplace and are excited about the opportunities to generate savings for our clients and 
patients and strong growth for our investors through generics home delivery and specialty pharmacy. While we take 


pride in our success today, we remain focused on improving the efficiency and effectiveness of the delivery of drug 
therapy and that bodes well for continued success. 

That concludes our prepared remarks, and now we'd like to open the lines up for questions. Operator? 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Glen Santangelo [of Credit Suisse First Boston]. 

<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Yes, hey George, just a quick question. I want to talk you about these generics. I mean, we're 
seeing a bunch of these generics in 180-day exclusivity right now. Obviously we saw Zocor, Zoloft and Pravachol last 
year now out of their 180-day exclusivity. Could you talk about the gross profit potential as the drugs in the exclusivity 
versus out of the exclusivity or post the exclusivity I should say? How should we think about that? Do things get better 
or do they get worse going forward? 

<A - George Paz>: Well, you know the whole PBM model is built off of competition in the marketplace. You know 
our job is to go out and pit the different producers and deliverers of value against each other to try to drive value for our 
clients, plan sponsors and members, and so during the exclusivity period, I don't want to get into specifics or ranges of 
profitability, but during the exclusivity period that's kind of the kickoff, if you will, into a process. Our profitability gets 
better, but it gets much better after the exclusivity period wears off. So once the 180-day period runs, that's our sweet 
spot. 

<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Okay, thanks for the comments. 

<A - George Paz>: Certainly. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Tom Gallucci with Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Tom Gallucci>: Thanks, good morning, two quick ones. First, on EBITDA or just generally profit per script, 
obviously there was a nice increase there. I was wondering if you could sort of give us an idea of organic improvement 
in profitability versus the impact of I believe you lost some lower profit business over the course of the quarter on a 
year-over-year basis? 

<A - Edward Stiften>: Yes. We haven't provided an updated breakout of that recently, but I would say the 
contribution is probably now more driven by supply chain improvements and things like that than it is by the runoff of 
low margin claims. And I haven't updated this analysis, but I'm going to guess it's more like two-thirds/one-third. 

<Q - Tom Gallucci>: Okay, and then actually that leads me right to my second question. I know you talked about 
better drug purchasing costs generally in previous quarters as well as this quarter. Can you give us some more detail on 
what exactly that means? Are you talking about generics or rebates on the brands and the retail network, and not only 
the detail of what it means but what's driving some of those things to get so much better for you? Thank you. 

<A - George Paz>: Let's answer this in two parts. I'm going to take the first part. Then I'm going to ask Ed to get into 
some more of the particulars. But keep in mind, every quarter we are heavily focused on the generics and the generic 
opportunities. In each quarter you see us improve our generic fill rate where again this quarter we've now topped 60%. 
Our business model is built around driving individuals into generics to save them money, better health outcomes, better 
persistency, compliance, because of the lower co-pay levels. So that's a real home run for us. 

And so keep in mind that part of which you're seeing in the EBITDA per script increases is as we switch more and 
more brands into the generics, we're getting to take advantage of the margin improvement that we realize. But the other 


side to that equation is significant savings for our clients, which, at the end of the day, is the scorecard to our success is 
driving down our client trends. Ed? 

<A - Edward Stiften>: I think the only thing I'd add is just, you've heard this from us before, but the way our business 
model works is that between our compensation and our business model, employees can't win unless the shareholders 
win, and shareholders don't win unless the customers win, and so it's really driven around a constant focus on 
reinventing ourselves to find new ways to save money for the clients. And so we're continuously working with all the 
elements of supply chain across the board, whether it be rebates, whether it be retail, whether it be wholesale, generics, 
you name it. Our job is to just keep trying to reinvent ways of saving more money, and we're just continuing to do that. 
We try to predict how successful we're going to be at it, but we pretty much consistently outperform what we've been 
able to predict we would and that's our job. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Bob Willoughby with Banc of America Securities. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Thanks. George or Ed, when are you expecting an uptick, a meaningful uptick I guess, in 
profitability for that specialty franchise? I guess you've accomplished everything to date largely without it, but when 
does that growth driver kick in? 

<A - George Paz>: Well the specialty business was never meant to be a short-term play for us. We knew we had a lot 
of work to do in integrating and getting the system consistencies, the integration completed, and we went about that 
task last year, and we got that done. 

I do believe that, as a dispensing pharmacy, that's not the way we will make lots of money. The way we will make 
money is when we can help plan sponsors manage their trends, and that's our focus. I'll tell you today, specialty 
pharmacy is still just a dispensing pharmacy, for the most part. Don't get me wrong, there is disease management 
elements around it, but the real opportunities are going to come as these drugs continue to grow in prevalence and we 
can put our PBM tools deeper and deeper into that business model and help our plan sponsors control the cost and help 
the members with their outcomes. So we're not giving any specific guidance with the standalone subsidiaries. 

But you should also know that one of the things that really hurt us over the last 18 months or so, well probably the last 
15 months, is the runoff of our PAP [Patient Assistance Program] programs. That's also embedded in that business, and 
with Medicare Part D coming about, there's no reason for anybody over the age of 65 to get medications when you're 
below certain thresholds of the poverty level. So those drugs have gone into Medicare Part D, and that's a pretty nice 
margin business for us that's running off. So specialty that you're looking at is fighting an uphill battle here as our 
business is eroding on the PAP side. So – but I still think that we are very well positioned on the specialty front to take 
advantage of the opportunities that lay in front of us. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: If you look at the mail-order numbers, a little bit light relative to where I thought they 
would be. Was it just an issue of mix on the new business coming on board on that front? 

<A - George Paz>: Yes, I think it's both the mix and a little bit of the runoff still of some of the claims that we had 
talked about previously that were – that are going into Medicare Part D. It's got a slow runoff to it, and that's continuing 
to hit us. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: And just lastly George, you argued emphatically about why captive PBM ownership might 
not be optimal. Is there any early, early read on the impact of paradigm shifting acquisitions in the sector? 

<A - George Paz>: You know, when I was on the road show and I had the opportunity to sit down with many of you, 
my comments, you know I still stand by those and that are – I think clients don't just shift for the sake of shifting. They 
want to see results. I think at the end of the day, we're very well-positioned to help our clients manage their drug trends, 
and I think our track record is proof of that success. I will tell you that I think most clients don't want to just shift 
because an acquisition has taken place; I've said that all along. I didn't believe there'd be a wholesale loss of clients if 


we ended up buying Caremark. 

I also don't believe that there's going to be a wholesale loss of clients because CVS bought Caremark. I think what will 
happen over time though is that CVS' ability to manage those clients' drug trends which ultimately will prove whether 
or not they'll retain that business, and to the extent they don't, then that gives us tremendous opportunities, and I think 
that the independent model speaks very well for lack of conflict and the ability for us to put our clients' interest ahead 
of others in the supply chain. And so I think it's, that time will show the value that we can bring to the space. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: But to date George, I mean no agitation among retail pharmacies or manufacturers or any 
parties, as yet, still too early, or? 

<A - George Paz>: It's very early Bob. I'd say it'd be too early to comment on that. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Okay, thank you. 

<A - George Paz>: Certainly. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Charles Boorady with Citigroup. 

<Q - Charles Boorady>: Thanks, good morning. You mentioned retail as a source of savings, and I'm wondering, and 
this might relate in part to Bob's question, are the level of savings changing post this CVS-Caremark deal? As while the 
deal just closed, they – the news that they were planning to merge has been out for some time, and I'm wondering if 
you can characterize how that combination or even discussions on that combination has affected your discussions with 
retailers? 

<A - George Paz>: Well let me go back and re-state what I also said to an earlier comment, and that is, you know a lot 
of the profitability is coming from market share movement, you know the mix, going from brand to generic. That, by 
the way, is a good thing for everybody. It's a good thing for our clients, it's a good thing for our members, but it's also a 
good thing for retailers. The way we pay our retailers, you know we work hard to try to make sure that the entire supply 
chain is aligned the way we are aligned so that they also make more money on the generics than they do on the brand. 
That's the goal. And, so, you know, again as we shift more and more product away from brand into generic, that should 
be more earnings opportunities for the retailers. 

Now having said that, as Ed said a few minutes ago, we still continue to try to pit the supply chain against themselves 
in order to extract value for our clients and shareholders. Does that answer your question? 

<Q - Charles Boorady>: You know it does and it's that very last point that I was specifically asking about, is sort of 
the pitting them against each other. How do you get the lower retail drug purchasing costs? And so does this imply 
you're constructing a tighter network than you previously had, or are employers choosing the smaller network or are 
you just shrinking your main network in order to steer volume into the retailers in exchange for lower prices from 
them? 

<A - George Paz>: Yes. It's everything – there's been some, although not a lot, of movement into smaller networks, but 
that's becoming more and more accepted. You know, one of the things that I see that's increasing at a very fast rate is 
companies' willingness to better manage their drug trends. You go back 7-8 years ago, clients were getting into 3-tier 
systems but they didn't really like step therapy. They didn't like the noise around what they perceived to be disruption. 
Express Scripts has spent millions and millions of dollars studying human behavior and how people react and what are 
the – react to the stimulus of trying to change the dispensing process and the drugs being dispensed. That's a big project 
for us; that's a project in work. We take a lot of pride in what we do, and I think that the plan sponsors are becoming 
more and more eager to look at the drugs on formulary, to look at the scope and size of their network contracts and 
really try to manage their costs down. They really don't have a choice – competing in a global market. They have to do 
what they can to drive down costs; we have to do what we can to give them those viable options to make it as 
employee-friendly as possible at the same time. That's the way our business model works. 


<Q - Charles Boorady>: Thanks, just a final question if I could on specialty – you've been very public in your 
lobbying efforts on bioequivalence which is really great and I'm sure customers appreciate that. I'm wondering if that's 
having an impact on your ability to forge relationships though with manufacturers. 

<A - George Paz>: Well, clearly they are not probably as excited about it as we are. I will tell you that they are – to the 
extent that this may or will erode their margin, that's an issue we have to deal with, but keep in mind, that's who we are. 
To the extent that we have 50 million numbers and we have thousands and thousands of clients, it's a balancing 
exercise, and that's why independence is so important, is that we really need to be put in a position where the 
manufacturers perceive us to be a valuable component of the network – of the distribution channel. At the same time, 
we can extract value from the supply chain to drive value for our clients, and independence stops us from – you know, 
from – keeping our mind clear to pick those right choices. 

<Q - Charles Boorady>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Lisa Gill of JPMorgan. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: Thanks very much, and good morning. Two questions – George I was wondering if maybe you could 
talk a little bit about the improvement in the generics at mail. Is this because of programs that you put in place for 2007, 
such as step therapy, or is this more a driver of the fact that a number of the generics that have lost patent protection are 
chronic medications? Then, secondly, Ed I was wondering if maybe you could just give us an update on some of the 
guidance metrics you've given in the past, for example, EBITDA per script for the year, your expectations for generic 
penetration for the year? Thanks very much. 

<A - George Paz>: Thank you, Lisa. Yes, as far as the generics go, keep in mind that one of the – the statin class was 
the one that went. So, to your latter point, you're exactly right. What we are starting to see now is a lot of the 
maintenance medications are the ones going generic which gives us tremendous opportunities. Again, I think it's pretty 
easy to switch everybody from Zocor to simvastatin. It's getting the other drugs in the class to switch over to 
simvastatin at the right dosages with doctors' permission is where the big paydays come in, and that's easier done at 
mail. It's always been our contention that it's easier done at mail where you have a 48 hour turnaround time. And we 
have time to interact with the member and the doctor in order to get that done, save them money, and so that's why I 
think we're seeing much better results in the mail, is because of the timing and the type of drugs that are going generic. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: George, are you seeing more widespread for 2007 those types of step therapy programs put into 
place? I mean, so is this a combination of both things and therefore you're seeing better utilization of step therapy in '07 
than in '06? Or it's just a function of the products that are available via step therapy? 

<A - George Paz>: It's the – what's happened is, is step therapy I think gained a lot of ground in the 2003, 4 timeframe. 
2006 was a watershed year for us when we actually saved our clients over $125 million in the statin class through our 
step therapy programs. And those savings will even be larger in 2007. So it is the impact of the success of that. We 
were very vocal about what we could do to drive down costs, and at the same time during that process we actually 
improved our client and member satisfaction levels and I think that was the real value of our program. So now if you're 
a plan sponsor that may have used 2 or 3 step therapy programs in a prior year, you're more likely to get it – to put in 1 
or 2 more because you see the value that can be created out of the programs. I still think – there's still a fair number of 
clients, quite honestly, that don't use step at all. And that's more of a challenge for us, but we still work very hard to 
drive their generic fill rates up as well. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: Great. And then any update on the metrics that you gave with guidance? 

<A - Edward Stiften>: Yes, Lisa, I'd say on the EBITDA per script I would use a range of 2.20 to 2.30 EBITDA per 
script. And then on the generic fill rate, as you've probably seen, we're about 4 points higher in the first quarter this year 
than we were last year and mail was actually even 5 points higher. But that's comparing to the first half of the year 


before we had all the blockbuster generics in the second half. So I think it will be difficult to maintain that kind of 
year-over-year growth in the second half of the year. So I would expect us to finish the year or the fourth quarter more 
like 3.5 percentage points above last year's generic fill rate. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: And lastly, I know you don't normally give any kind of quarterly guidance, but should we be thinking 
about the way things are going to play out? Should the back half be a little bit stronger than the front half or should the 
front half be a little bit stronger than the back half because of just the timing aspect of patent expirations? 

<A - Edward Stiften>: The only guidance we're going to provide on the quarterly timing of guidance would be as 
we've commented that that 14 to 16 cents upside if the AWP and other risks go away. That would primarily be second 
half and more focused on the fourth quarter, and that's about as far as we're going to go on quarterly guidance. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: Great. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Larry Marsh with Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Thanks and good morning. Just a couple quick things; first, George, you've talked a lot about 
the Caremark bid. You're noting this morning that it cost you a net of about 20 million. In reflecting on the bid, I know 
you've talked a little bit about it already, was the bid clearly worth it in your mind? What would you say you really 
learned in the process? And what, besides sort of how it turned out, what really surprised you? 

<A - George Paz>: Well, first of all, I've got more Marriott points than I thought I'd ever have. So that's – and I think 
Ed's got quite a few too. Well, in all honestly I think it was a great experience. I think our market was very much 
battered by the AWP concerns, by the Wal-Mart concerns, our stock prices. All of us were trading down. And then 
quite honestly for Caremark to go into the market and put themself up for sale without a premium to the price at that 
time, and actually it wasn't even at their 52-week high. As a CEO and 1 of only 3 companies in this space as a 
standalone, I just – or this management team – did not feel like we could just sit pat, and as the days ticked by, our 
stock continued to trade down, and I have tremendous confidence in this space. 

I do not believe that any space, I don't care if you make automobiles or if you dig oil wells or what you do. You have 
got to be innovative and you have got to reinvent yourself. And I believe that we are very good at that, and so I don't 
see a cliff or a wall or anything that we are about to run into. I see tremendous opportunity. Keep in mind that even 
when you get generic fill rates in the 75% range, more than 50% of the total cost of the drug trend is going to be 
coming from brands. It is huge. It is huge costs and huge opportunities out there. 

What is going to happen with specialty over the next 10 years as more and more drugs come to the marketplace? I think 
the need of our services are greater today than they have ever been. And so I had a lot of confidence in this, and I think 
the things that we learned – we met a lot of our investors – hopefully that will give our investors more confidence in us 
as a management team to execute, a better understanding of the PBM space that exists. 

I still think at the end of the day I would have preferred to have owned Caremark, but at the end of the day, my first 
allegiance is to my current shareholders. And I promised when we started this process that we would stay disciplined, 
and we fulfilled that promise I believe. And we have positioned our stock well. Our stock is up significantly since the 
time we launched that effort. And again, I think it is because we got our message out there. That is part of it, but that 
only lasts for a period of time. At the end of the day it is about execution, and I think this management team has shown 
it knows how to execute. And all of our employees are absolutely invested at delivering value for our clients and 
therefore value for our shareholders. So hopefully that answers your question. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Yeah, no, sure does. Thank you for the elaboration. And I guess just a follow-up then on I 
think the earlier question on specialty, which sounds like more of a positioning issue. If you'd sort of give us an update, 
I know last year you had David [Lowenberg] go down there to run that business and sort of bring some of his operating 
expertise there to consolidate facilities. What specific progress do you feel like you have made in kind of consolidating 


or cutting the costs of that business? And have you guys ever stated who the third party payer is that you lost in the 
third quarter? 

<A - George Paz>: Yes, we asked David to go down there to run the – because quite honestly we were having not only 
some integration challenges, but we also had some service issues quite honestly. And we have really focused on that. 
And I believe our service is at an all-time high down there. David brings a tremendous expertise in both systems 
integration and facilities migration and in service. And he is executing very well down there, and we're onto one 
platform. We have consolidated our dispensing into one site, although we just recently opened up a second site to give 
us, outside of that area, so that we would have failover protection in case of – disaster recovery type stuff. And so I 
think we are very well-situated to take advantage of the trends that lay in front of us in the marketplace. 

As far as the client, we try not to talk about clients specifically. So we don't talk about our wins, and we don't talk about 
our losses with client-specific names. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Okay. And then I guess just a final quick point – you might have the same answer – which is 
the contractual item that you got from your supply chain vendor, about 9 million, was that a distributor or is that a 
manufacturer? And can you give us any elaboration on what that was? 

<A - George Paz>: Yes. We prefer not to. We just thought it was a big enough number we should disclose it, but it's a 
prior event so there's no sense getting any detail around it. It's a one-time charge – or benefit. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Okay. Thanks a lot. 

<A - George Paz>: About one more question. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Randall Stanicky with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Just first a follow-up on the generic side. Ed, you 
talked last quarter about some better pricing on hard-to-manufacture generics. I guess first, are you still seeing this 
relative to your comments on lower sourcing costs? And then what do you think is driving this? And can you identify 
any of the therapeutic areas? And then secondly, just a very quick follow-up on the AWP and other upside, if you could 
just identify some of the opportunities and risks? 

<A - George Paz>: I'll try the AWP part first. I got that. You were breaking up while you were speaking, so I'm not 
sure I understood your first question. I'll see if Ed did, but I didn't catch it. On the AWP front, I think that we have, as 
we've said in the previous calls, we have very good protection in our contract language if we wanted to just force an 
answer. That's not the way we do business. We believe that if AWP changes, that worst case scenario we can certainly 
exercise our contract provisions. But we would prefer to go about this in a more hospitable form if you will and go in 
and actually sit down with the client, explain what's going on. Keep in the mind, the clients get bills from us. Members 
can go online and see the adjudication or see their claim records. So those with percentage copays are going to want to 
know what's going on. And I don't think these things should just be taken lightly. I don't think that's the way we want to 
run our business. 

So we are – I guess we've always been the more pessimistic of the group, but we still feel like as time's running, things 
are getting more and more optimistic, if that makes sense. All the contracts that we've recently signed have protection 
in them. Every day that ticks by, we sign up and renew new deals. All of those have the protections in them. And so we 
just want to make sure that you know what we're looking at, that we've given you guidance and we've said that there is 
some upside. That's not the only piece in the 14 to 16 cent range, but that's the larger piece. So we thought we owed it 
to you to let you know what's out there as the potential. 

I didn't really catch the first part, if you wouldn't mind repeating that. 


<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Sure. You talked last quarter about better generic pricing on some of the 
harder-to-manufacture generic products. 

<A - George Paz>: Yes. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: So I guess, is this one of the things that's continuing to drive the lower sourcing costs? And 
are you able to identify therapeutically where those areas are? 

<A - Edward Stiften>: It is part of what's driving our lower sourcing costs, but I wouldn't say it's a huge part of how 
we've improved our guidance this time around with this iteration. And I would just say that the generic manufacturers 
are more sophisticated than they have been in the past. They are improving their productivity. There is more of them, 
and so we are just seeing more options out there and we are continuing to try to constantly renegotiate and refresh those 
prices. Not only there, but all parts of the supply chain. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Great, thanks a lot. 

<< 

George Paz, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>> 

Well thank you. Well again, I appreciate everyone joining us this morning. We are excited about our space, we are 
excited about 2007 and we will keep you posted as the year progresses. Thank you very much for your time. 

Operator 

This concludes the Express Scripts First Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2012, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


