Q2 2007 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• David Myers, Vice President, Investor Relations 
• Edward J. Stiften, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President 
• George Paz, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President 
Other Participants 

• Tom Gallucci 
• Lawrence Marsh 
• Robert Willoughby 
• Glen Santangelo 
• Lisa Gill 
• Randall Stanicky 
• John Kreger 
• Michael Baker 
• Arthur Henderson 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Express Scripts Second [Quarter] Earnings 
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. David Myers. 
Please go ahead. 

David Myers, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to Express Scripts' Second Quarter Conference Call. 
With me today are George Paz, our CEO, and Ed Stiften, our CFO. 

Before we begin, I need to read the following statement. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be 
forward-looking statements and may include but our not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements 
of the company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. 
The company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking 
statements due to a variety of factors, which are discussed in detail in our filing with the SEC. 

In addition, the reconciliation of EBITDA to the net income and the net cash provided by operating activities can be 
found in our earnings release, which is posted on our web site. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Ed, who will 
discuss our second quarter performance. 

Edward J. Stiften, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President 

Thank you, David. Today, I'm pleased to discuss Express Scripts' second quarter performance. We reported record 
adjusted earnings per share of 56 cents, representing a 47% increase over the 38 cents reported for the second quarter 


last year. Per share amounts reflect the two for one stock split that was effective in June. 

During the quarter, we repurchased 17 million shares on a split-adjusted basis for 826.7 million, and to date we have 
repurchased 100.7 million shares. The Board increased our share repurchase program by 8 million shares, bringing the 
total authorization to 120 million shares. For year to date, we generated $251.3 million of cash flow from operations 
compared to 193.8 million for the same period last year, and are on track to generate 750 to 850 million for the year. 
Our strong results demonstrate a trend you've seen over the last several quarters of record generic utilization and lower 
drug purchasing costs. This not only generates significant savings for our clients and patients but also generated a 
record high EBITDA per adjusted claim of $2.27, a 34% increase over last year. 

Stronger than expected performance in our PBM segment more than offset less than expected results in our Specialty 
and Ancillary Services segment. Specialty and Ancillary Services results were impacted by a $4 million increase in the 
bad debt allowance for our infusion business as well as normal seasonality in the mix of drugs dispensed in our 
specialty pharmacy. George will be providing further commentary on our specialty business, but we believe we are 
well positioned to provide cost-effective solutions for our clients' specialty needs. 

Last quarter, we provided earnings per share guidance excluding non-recurring items of $2.15 to $2.21 on a split 
adjusted basis. In addition, we indicated that in assessing the risks and opportunities inherent in this forecast, we 
believe there was a potential upside of between 7 and 8 cents per share. The biggest item providing this upside would 
be the reduction of the allowance for the AWP. Changes to the average wholesale [audio gap] drug pricing benchmark 
required by a settlement of a class action suit against a drug price reporting service are no longer expected to take effect 
in 2007. As a result, we have eliminated the allowance for the potential impact of the AWP settlement in our current 
earnings forecast and are raising our 2007 earnings guidance, excluding non-recurring items, to a range of $2.23 to 
$2.29. The midpoint of this range reflects growth of 37% over 2006 on an adjusted basis. 

At this point I would like to turn the call over to George Paz. 

George Paz, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President 

Thank you, Ed, and good morning everyone. Our strong second quarter performance is attributable to our time tested 
business model, which focuses on alignment. Our results reflect our commitment to saving our clients and patients 
money. Our industry-leading generic fill rate is a testament to the success of our business model. Last year we made 
formulary changes to help position our clients and patients to take advantage of the new generics coming to the 
marketplace. The decision proved to be a defining moment for Express Scripts. In the statin class alone, we've saved 
our clients and patients 126 million in 2006 and approximately $100 million per quarter during 2007. In June of 2007, 
we reached an agreement with Pfizer to add Lipitor back to our formulary. This agreement allows greater access for our 
members and provides significant savings to our clients and members. This agreement is a win, win, win for our 
clients, patients, Pfizer, and our stockholders. 

At this point in the year, investors are interested in the results of our selling season. Plan sponsors are demonstrating 
increasing interest in exploring a variety of proven and innovative management tools involving generics, formulary 
management, home delivery, and specialty pharmacy programs. While most of the larger managed care organizations 
have made their decisions, many of the Fortune 1000 companies have yet to make a decision. However, based on our 
results to date, we believe our retention rate will be consistent with prior years. Although it's too early to discuss the 
overall results of the selling season, we will provide this information later in the year. 

With respect to specialty, this area is one of the largest drivers of drug trend in the pharmaceutical landscape. We are 
committed to providing our clients with cost-effective solutions. Included in our specialty results is our patients' 
assistance programs and infusion business. As you know, we are the largest provider of patients' assistance programs in 
the country. With the enactment of Medicare Part D program, the vast majority of our patient assistance program 
members, 65 and older, were moved from this program and enrolled in our Medicare Part D program. 


The combination of the decline in patient assistance program membership and our challenge in our infusion business 
have masked increases in our specialty pharmacy business for our PBM clients. The majority of our specialty pharmacy 
opportunities are from existing PBM clients. In addition, specialty has become a key element in winning new PBM 
business. Therefore, we have integrated our specialty and PBM sales, IT, and product development teams to better 
serve our clients. This integrated approach is already producing wins, which will continue to benefit us throughout the 
selling season. 

While there is little we can do to turn the tide in our patient assistance program, we are focused on improving the 
results of our infusion business and continuing to grow our specialty pharmacy business. We are bullish on the PBM 
marketplace and are excited about the opportunities to generate savings for our clients and patients, and to provide 
strong growth for our investors through generic home delivery and specialty pharmacy. Operator, this concludes our 
comments and we'd like to open up to questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you very much. [Operator Instructions] We do have a question from Tom Gallucci from Merrill Lynch. Your 
line is open. Please go ahead. Mr. Gallucci, your line is open. 

<Q - Tom Gallucci>: Hello, can you hear me? 

<A>: Yes, we can. 

<Q - Tom Gallucci>: Oh, sorry about that. I had a problem with the phone here. I guess I had a couple of quick 
questions. First on the guidance, what in terms of the buy back -- I saw you raised the buy back, so just wondering 
what's including in the guidance at this point. And then on the specialty business, I think you've described some issues 
particularly around infusion. So I was wondering what you're really doing there to try and improve the trends, and if 
you view that as a core business in the long run? 

<A - George Paz>: Thank you Tom. I think I'll have Ed answer the buy back question and then I'll take the infusion 
question. 

<A - Edward Stiften>: On the buy backs, when we were involved in the Caremark transition, we made a commitment 
that we would make a billion dollars worth of share repurchases. We completed 827 million of that in June, so for the 
balance of the year we will finish up that remaining $173 million of that original billion dollar commitment. And then 
what we baked in our guidance is that somewhere between an additional 100 to $200 million of share repurchases 
would occur in either August or November, over and above that original billion dollar commitment. 

<Q - Tom Gallucci>: And I guess just in terms of the sensitivity there, 100 to 2 million extra buy back sort of late in 
the year, does it have a material impact really on the guidance? 

<A - Edward Stiften>: It does not. 

<Q - Tom Gallucci>: Right. Okay. 

<A - George Paz>: With respect to infusion, as you probably know, we acquired our infusion business through the 
acquisition of Priority Healthcare. Priority had put the infusion business together through a whole series of acquisitions, 
which had not been integrated at the time we bought the company. Our focus, when we took over the business, was try 
to stabilize the business and get our arms around the collectibility issues. As you know, at Express Scripts, we're more 
focused on profitability, our EBITDA results, and our cash flow than we are on pure revenue growth. So that became 
our focus. 

You know, to be quite frank, we haven't done what we wanted to do here. We've put a lot of people after the business, 
we've thrown a lot of bodies at it, but we have yet to conquer some of the issues. Our focus through the coming quarters 


is to continue to look at the top line revenue numbers and make sure that we're getting the information we need in order 
to properly and correctly bill the clients, and then we're focused on the actual collection. And that will remain a focus 
of ours. You know, infusion is an interesting business. As you probably know, there's a tremendous amount of drugs in 
the pipeline, and especially pipeline that will be coming to market over the next 3 to 5 years, and many come to market 
as soon as this year and next year. But many of these drugs are the rather large molecules, which cannot be or will not 
be home administered -- self-administered. And so we're looking at this business, and we're looking at the 
opportunities, and we're constantly analyzing the best way to make sure we are well-positioned for our clients to help 
them save money, improve patient care, and infusion is one of those components, and we're going to constantly monitor 
and look at this business to see the role it will play in the longer-term delivery of the medications. 

<Q - Tom Gallucci>: Okay, thanks for the color. 

<A - George Paz>: Absolutely. 

Operator 

Next question comes from the line of Larry Marsh from Lehman Brothers. Your line is open, please go ahead. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Thanks, and good morning, everyone. Maybe 2 quick things. George, I know, to follow up 
with Tom's question about your specialty business, obviously only a small part of your organization. But I know you 
said in the past, you'd also like areas like hemophilia and such. Could we expect Express to continue to add to their 
platform in the next year or two through acquisitions, and is that the way you think you could get your leverage up, 
which in the past you said you're not uncomfortable with, given your great cash flow characteristics? 

<A - George Paz>: You know, obviously, we can't speak about specific transactions. But we will say that you're right, 
we have significant cash flow opportunities in our business, and buying back stock, although that's a good short-term 
use of cash flow, or good use of cash flow, the better uses are to round out portfolios. So we will constantly look at 
opportunities and ways to enhance our overall business, and where appropriate, take advantage of those situations. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Okay. And then just another broad question, if I could. The final CMS rule on AWP includes 
specialty and mail and retail class of trade. I know the industry trade group has expressed concerns about that. Do you 
have any comments at this point, and how you think it will impact your margins, sort of going forward, if at all? 

<A - George Paz>: There's -- obviously, the information has been put out there. The retailers are very concerned about 
these new rules and are working the Hill very hard. I think we're in a pretty good situation where we sit in that we 
actually work with the retailers and work with the plan sponsors. To the extent we're actually a provider, we certainly 
understand the rules. I think we are positioned well to continue our growth, and I feel good about where we sit. I think 
there is still a lot of uncertainty, and most likely we'll still be hearing a lot about this situation over the upcoming 
months. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Okay, and then finally, a clarification if I could. Maybe for either you or Ed – on the 
give-back of the AWP reserve this quarter. I know in the past you said most of that implicit benefit will accrue in the 
fourth quarter. You usually don't comment about quarters, but is there any sense or trend in quarterly progression, 
either in scripts or earnings, that we should be aware of? In Q3 and Q4? 

<A - Edward Stiften>: Sure, thank you. What we would say is that, if you look at traditionally in the past, script 
volume has generally gone down for us, due to seasonality, about 3 million scripts from the second quarter to third 
quarter, and then it steps back up, call it 5 to 6 million scripts, in the fourth quarter. And in some of the prior years we 
have had some generic starts in the third quarter that would more than offset that reduction in scripts for seasonality or 
for the second or third quarter. This year there aren't any major generic starts in the third quarter, but there are good 
starts in the fourth quarter -- quite a few. Not any huge ones, but quite a few that I'll call low to medium generic script 
starts. So what we're seeing is approximately flat from second to third quarter, give or take a penny or two, and then a 
big step up in the fourth quarter, much like you've seen in the most recent years, and the big step up again in the fourth 
quarter would be driven by the step up in script volume of 5 to 6 million scripts from third quarter to fourth quarter as 


well as the introduction of new generics. So we would see approximately flat, and then a big step up for the fourth 
quarter. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Okay, very good, thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Bob Willoughby from the Banc of America. Your line is open please, go 
ahead. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: George or Ed, I guess the share repurchase guidance that you've provided here seems 
fairly modest relative to the cash that you are generating. We saw where you were willing to take the leverage ratios 
with the care market -- clearly that didn't happen, but can't we see a little bit more put back into that share repurchase 
program near term? 

<A - George Paz>: Bob, I got to appreciate you, you got a constant theme. We are looking at our business and we're 
monitoring our cash flow, and I think we've come out with what we've – what our board has authorized. And we'll 
continually monitor our stock price performance and our results and we'll keep you posted. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: George, that's a pretty constant answer, actually. [laughter] We were hoping for a little bit 
more precedence. Well, then can I speak in terms of the acquisitions, the M&A environment, are you kind of 
constrained by a lack of opportunities, or is it more valuations out there that you aren't too keen on? 

<A - George Paz>: Well, I think it's got to be the right deal. We're not interested in doing anything that just doesn't 
have a strategic opportunity for us. I think we've got the scale and the size that we don't need to do a transaction purely 
for scale and size. So it's really got to fit in the right holes. Doing an acquisition has got -- there's an awful lot of 
components in addition to just pure financial multiples in place, so we've been an inquisitive company in the past and 
we will continue to look at those opportunities and position ourself. I think with the debt levels we are currently 
holding, what the board's authorized us to do, we are very well positioned to take advantage of opportunities that exist 
in the marketplace. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: I guess if over the next 12 to 18 months, a kind of -- an interesting transaction, an M&A 
transaction, doesn't happen, does a levered re-cap at some point make sense for you? 

<A - George Paz>: We will keep you posted. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Great. Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Glen Santangelo from Credit Suisse. Your line is open, please go ahead. 

<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Yes, hi George. I just had a quick question. I appreciate you don't want to get into too much 
detail about the selling season, but it's kind of turned into a little bit of a guessing game with all these contracts moving 
around. Could you just comment on the competitive pricing environment? Is it kind of consistent or has it gotten a little 
bit worse? I mean any color would be helpful. 

<A - George Paz>: Sure. I'd be happy to do that. I think that -- and you've heard me say this in the past -- but at the end 
of the day, the way our business works, if you really want to save a client the most money, you can take another 10 
cents out of an admin fee or you can take another 25, 30 basis points out of a discount rate, but we really believe it's the 
proper mix of plan design coupled with the approach to the marketplace to help influence the prescribing habits of the 
doctors, and those of -- what's actually getting dispensed. So in other words, producing generics and mail order, 
specialty where appropriate, taking advantage of new generic launches -- so that's been our focus. And I think that 
where we win, we aren't necessarily the lowest price. It's because we get our message out around the generic fill rate 


and what we can do to help drive down trend. I think that when you look at the beginning of the year, the pricing was 
very -- call it disciplined and stable. I think more recently, there's been a little bit of -- CVS Caremark -- maybe it's 
because of some of their moves that we've seen them get pretty aggressive in -- but not across the board, not just 
blanket price declines or anything. But I think where they have a huge penetration to CVS stores, and we got to expect 
that, right? I mean where they can see a big opportunity to pull people into their stores, I think they're going to try to 
take advantage of that. 

So we've seen them get a little more aggressive, at the end of the day, the tale of the tape in my mind is can they drive 
EBITDA per script and can they drive profitability for their shareholders? And then more importantly, at the end of the 
day, they got to be able to drive trends down for their clients. So are they positioned to do that? 

But for the most part I think that the pricing in the industry has remained relatively stable, and it's really about the 
services you bring to the table. Often, the investors say that it's all a commodity business or they're worried about 
differentiation. I believe that the approach of each of the PBMs is far different. It really is about -- CVS Caremark 
model is -- you hear their story and you know what they do. And Medco has a different approach. And our approach to 
the market is really built around the generic model and driving trend. And so I do think we're differentiated in the 
marketplace, and the clients have -- there's a lot of competition and there's a wide variety of choices that a client has. I 
think the message here though is that this is an industry with in excess of 90% retention rates. I don't see that changing 
anytime soon. So I do believe that, if you look at all three of us, there's been some big -- those are the ones that get the 
press, are the FEPs and the State of New York type businesses, and when they move. But at the end of the day, I think 
with the rank and file clients, the majority of the business stays put. I think the clients do a good job. 

The real issue, time-tested issue will be whether or not CVS Caremark can in fact produce those declining trends. 
Caremark's had a history of doing a good job for its clients, and it'll be up to the new management team to see if they 
can in fact continue to drive trends down, and try to remove the conflict that's going to exist in the CVS stores trying to 
raise sales versus the Caremark people trying to control trends. You've heard me on the road show talk about that issue. 
Time will tell whether or not they're successful at it. 

<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Hey, George, just -- I appreciate those comments. But just as a follow-up, you sort of suggest 
that there's a difference in the service offerings of the three companies. And I know the CVS Caremark merger is fairly 
recent, but have you seen any significant behavioral changes in kind of the way they're competing for new contracts? 
And has that changed the market dynamics at all? 

<A - George Paz>: I don't think I've seen changes, except with the exception of a couple situations where there's huge 
concentrations of CVS stores in a particular client setting. There they've gotten a little more aggressive, but those are 
one-offs, not standards across the board. But I do think it's a different approach. What they're doing is they're going out 
to a lot of the companies and suggesting their whole concept of -- don't just take mail, you can pick up your mail order 
drugs at the retailer. I mean that's an approach that they're trying to use. I don't know how successful that's going to be. 
It seems to me like if you're going to the effort or going through -- trying to get the convenience of mail, I'm not sure 
why you'd want to get out of your car and run up to a CVS store and pick it up. But that'll be -- we'll see. We'll see how 
that plays out. 

<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Thanks for the comments. Appreciate it. 

<A - George Paz>: Absolutely. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: Good morning. George, just following up on your initial thoughts around the 2008 selling season. I 
know it's a little early to tell, but what are clients looking for? And what is Express Scripts doing that's different in the 
marketplace? I think you're alluding to the fact that your customer service is better. But are you doing anything around 
guarantees on generic fill rates or things around step therapy? Maybe if you could talk about that? And then secondly, 


Ed, I was wondering if you could just comment, obviously the Pfizer relationship came about on June 1. Last time, 
when you gave us an updated guidance outlook, did you know about that, at that point? 

<A - George Paz>: Why don't you take that first, Ed? 

<A - Edward Stiften>: That's quick. Yes, in our first quarter guidance, we did anticipate the impact from Pfizer and 
baked those into the numbers. So it was in our first quarter guidance. 

<A - George Paz>: With respect to how are we different, I hope I didn't mislead you. I don't know that our service per 
se is any better. I like to think it is, but I'm not going to sit here and tell you that we do better at delivering mail order 
prescriptions than Medco or Caremark. I think the service model is a requirement to compete. You've got to -- the 
members have to know that, the majority of the time -- there's always going to be some exceptions with interactions or 
other things -- that that mail order when they order it is going to be at their door stoop -- that the account management 
teams are going to be out in front of the clients providing consultation and reporting. 

Those things are requirements to even be in the business. And I think all three of us do good jobs there. I think it's our 
different approach. We do focus heavily on the generic side and look at the therapeutic interchanges that can occur 
within a given therapy class, and try to help our clients navigate those situations, and come up with step therapy 
programs where appropriate, to help move members from expensive third tier and second tier drugs into first tier 
generics. And so that is, I think, a big focus of ours, and I think it does pay dividends for us, and that is our approach to 
the marketplace. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: And then just secondly, when you talked about the Caremark CVS strategy and trying to get people 
into the stores, could you just talk a little bit about your experience with some of the post-retiree population? Do you 
find that it's difficult to get them onto mail order? Do you think that there is perhaps an opportunity to align yourself 
with one of the retailers, so that a retail pharmacist will talk to them about the opportunities? It seems to me that many 
older people don't want to get on the Internet, they don't trust you to say send us your money and then next week you'll 
get your drugs? Can you just talk a little bit about how you see that going forward? 

<A - George Paz>: Sure. Well, as you probably know, many if not most of all the mail order prescriptions are sold to 
the -- with a credit card, so they're not actually sending us money. Hopefully we're not charging their credit card until 
they get their bill -- or their medication. So I think that there is some older people that are set in their ways. I'm being 
accused of that by my children, so I certainly -- I think that that's -- some of that exists. But I do believe that the world 
is changing. I mean just think about the use of the Internet 15 years ago versus today and the amount of shopping that 
actually occurs. 

And for many people, as they -- especially in the northern areas where it's cold and the weather may be a little tougher 
-- even in the summer, when it's extremely hot in the South, you know, getting in your car and driving up to the store, 
surely that works for some people. But I also believe that having the ability to have 24/7 contact with a pharmacist in 
your own home that can talk about your situation, and not only call up and see the drug that's being dispensed, but see 
your whole regimen of prescriptions that you're on, and help consult with you -- again, in the privacy of your own 
home. 

I'm sure you've gone to the pharmacy and you've stood in line, and it comes your turn, and there's 10 people standing 
behind you. And although they've got the little thing there to try to keep people from going close, you don't necessarily 
want to talk about your rash in front of 30 other people. So I think that there's an awful lot to be said for the privacy and 
convenience that exist. And obviously, when mail took off in a big way in the '90s, into the early part of this -- there 
was a lot of low-hanging fruit. 

And I think it is a question now of how do we convert many of the remaining people to take advantage of this. And at 
the end of the day, I think that there is always going to be a cost element. I'm a firm believer that the cost components 
of mail are cheaper than the cost components of retail. Just the pure leverage of the pharmacists, if nothing else, the 
shortage of pharmacists today -- if a strong retail shop is doing 400, 450 prescriptions a day, how many pharmacists do 
you need to service that? A big PBM mail-order program doing 20 to 50,000 prescriptions a day, depending on the size, 
the scale, where it's located -- far less pharmacists. 


And so I do believe that the economics of the mail order is a very true situation, and at the end of the day, I think 
people gravitate towards convenience and cost. And we've got to continue to push the convenience and cost elements of 
our business. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: Right. And then just one last follow-up. Ed, you had talked in the past about the EBITDA per script 
being somewhere in the range of 220 to 230. Is that still your expectation within the guidance? 

<A - Edward Stiften>: No, we're a little bit higher now. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: So do you want to give a new guidance range of what your expectation is? 

<A - Edward Stiften>: We would say now 225 to 235. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: Okay. Great. Thanks very much for the comments. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Randall Stanicky from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Great, thanks very much for taking the question. Just maybe a follow-up on the guidance 
question. As you think about both past and present earning guidance, can you maybe just talk about your -- the 
expectations that you had built in for both the generic Lotrel and generic Norvasc? And then secondly, with generic 
Norvasc or Amlodipine going I guess more multi-sourced than it was before on June 29, does that change your view of 
the distribution in terms of earnings for the last 2 quarters of the year? 

<A - Edward Stiften>: No, it's baked into the guidance that I just gave earlier, which is roughly flat second quarter 
over third quarter, and then big step up third quarter to fourth quarter. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: And so, just stepping back, as we think about the previous guidance versus this guidance, the 
way we should be thinking about it is that both Lotrel and Norvasc were built into the forecast? 

<A - Edward Stiften>: Yes. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Okay, thank you. 

<A - Edward Stiften>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of John Kreger from William Blair. Your line is open. Please go ahead. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Hi, thanks. George, just a follow-up question on mail order. It looks like your mail-order volumes 
have been essentially flat for the last 6 quarters or so. I know you've had some contract roll-offs, though. Can you give 
us a sense about what you believe the underlying adjusted growth in that business is at the moment? And where do you 
think the disconnect is? Do the consultants no longer really buy into the value proposition? Or do you think the 
challenge is more on the convenience side -- it's just too hard to get new members into the mail program? 

<A - George Paz>: Yes, you know, obviously you hit one of the issues right on the head. As you know, we've run off a 
significant amount of lower profitability clients that we've been talking about over the last several years, and one of 
them was a significant mail user. So we withstood that roll-off and hold our volumes flat. In addition to that, we lost a 
very large labor union last year, which was a very strong PBM mail-order user. So we've had to withstand that. I do 
believe that you are hitting an issue, and we just talked about it a second ago, but I do believe that mail order -although 
very convenient once you're on it -- trying to get a person to use it for the first time, and you look at the aging 
population, and you can look at those demographics, and I'm sure you do, but you can see more and more people are 
coming into that 42, 45 to 65 age range, and of course those are very heavy users. 


Of course, when you get over 65, you're even heavier users, but these are people that are coming in, and we've got to do 
a better job of showing them how to do it. As you know, when you introduce a new program or something, you get the 
quick followers to jump on early. And so -- although we still see clients rolling out mandatory mail programs and mail 
education programs, they're not at the same level that they were in the past, and I think one of the challenges that you're 
asking of us, and that we have to deliver for you, is to make sure that we remove any of the impediments that cause 
mail not to be utilized. 

Because at the end of the day, think about the price differentials between mail and retail, and we're not doing a good 
job, or as good a job for our clients, if we're not pushing or allowing our members to access mail as often as they 
should, because it's a huge savings for both the member and the plan sponsor. And so we've got to be better at that. 
And, as you know, with the decline in pharmacists -- pharmacist school went from a 4 years program to a 5-year 
program, then to a 6-year program. We've had 2 full years without pharmacists coming into the marketplace, so that's 
been a challenge for our entire industry. And so the waits and the ability to fill scripts in some areas is very challenging. 
Mail order doesn't have those challenges, so we've just got to do a better job of making sure that we remove those 
impediments, and focus. And that will be a focus. As far as where can it go, there's no reason it's not up around 35%, 
and so we've got to drive those rates near term, to try to get us there. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Great, thanks, one other just quick question. As you look at the environment, are you seeing 
anything change with the PBMs owned or affiliated with health plans? Are they getting more aggressive, are they 
pushing disease management opportunities more effectively? Anything new there? 

<A - George Paz>: Well, you know, I think that they've -- obviously there's some big ones out there. I think Well Point 
now is the fourth largest PBM in our space, and there's some big players out there. You know, they've been out there 
for quite some time, they've got their focus. The challenge is that the big managed care plans have always had is that 
85% of the spends still come out of the medical side. So if you're running a big medical plan, where is your focus going 
to be? How do you deliver the best value to your client? 

I mean, historically, it's been focused on that medical spend -- rightfully so, by the way. But I think that they're still big, 
they're still out, they're competing, we see them a lot. Typically, when a big plan goes out to bid, if it's an Aetna or a 
CIGNA or a United that's a player in the space, they try to sell their PBM services. We try to talk about why carving it 
out is still the right and best answer. So that's -- those economics and those competitions still exist and are thriving well 
today. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Michael Baker. Your line is open – and he's from Raymond James, please go 
ahead. 

<Q - Michael Baker>: Thanks a lot. George, I had a question on the pricing benchmark. Obviously, AMP remains a 
source of scrutiny. Are there any plans for you to take a lead there and maybe come out with, say, a WACC-based one, 
or is it pretty much at this point, take a wait and see approach? 

<A - George Paz>: Well, you know, we have been very vocal. You know, we talked to you about putting up a reserve 
at the beginning of this year, and you know, a reserve's kind of a bad word. It's really a -- it was a reduction in our 
guidance, because we didn't actually set up numbers against things. We were anticipating that we would get pushback 
from clients as we went out and tried to go to a new benchmark. Obviously, that's not happening, so the earnings are 
just coming through. So we're having an incredible year, well in excess of 30% growth. And -- that's not -- I think that 
speaks to our focus. But at the same time, as we've gone through these conversations, I really do believe we are a leader 
in this space of making sure we're educating the consultants and the clients about these benchmarks, and what's taking 
place. We're a big proponent of WACC. Everybody produces a WACC-based number, and a model, and so we've been 
out talking about it. The problem, as you may know, is there's a lot of generic drugs that don't have a WACC-base, but 


we've come up with solutions for that, we've been out talking about it, but health care is a little bit of a slow-moving 
industry. And so I don't see people just jumping on a bandwagon right now. But I think our job is to try to influence 
where this goes. In addition to that, to make sure that people are educated about the ramifications of changes in 
benchmark pricing. So we, I believe, take a very active lead in this space. 

<Q - Michael Baker>: Thanks a lot. 

<A - George Paz>: One more question and then we'll finish. 

Operator 

Okay. We do have a question from the line of Art Henderson from Jefferies & Company. Your line is open, please go 
ahead. 

<Q - Arthur Henderson>: Hi, good morning. Ed, the $4 million charge that you took on the Infusion business, that's 
one time in nature? 

<A - Edward Stiften>: Well, we have a pretty tough standard for ourselves. As you recall, we had a write-off in the 
Infusion business in the third quarter of last year. 

<Q - Arthur Henderson>: Yes. 

<A - Edward Stiften>: So since it's popped up a second time, the way we challenge ourselves is we say we're not 
really going to add that back to this quarter's earnings. We're going to treat it as if it's non-recurring until we get these 
things fixed. But as George mentioned earlier, we've put in a new system down there now. We've piloted it -- the new 
billing system -- in two of the Infusion sites starting June 1. It's going well. And we'll continue to roll out in the 
Infusion sites, where all of them will have it by the end of the year. We've beefed up the investment in people there. 
And by the way, the bad debt, it's not a write-off of specific accounts that we don't anticipate to collect, it's just that 
through overtime and so forth, we weren't able to keep up with the aging, so we just increased the allowance a little bit. 
But some might think of it as non-recurring, but the challenge we're going to issue to ourselves is we're going to treat it 
like it's recurring until we fix the problem, so 


<Q - Arthur Henderson>: Okay. 

<A - Edward Stiften>: -- that's just kind of the way we run our culture. 

<Q - Arthur Henderson>: That's fair. George, if I could just get you to comment, are you seeing any sort of trends 
from the non-CVS pharmacies out there, in terms of their willingness to talk about lower dispensing fees, or is there 
anything that you could comment there? 

<A - George Paz>: I think that it's a very competitive marketplace. I think that there's an awful lot of -- people are 
interested in seeing what's going to happen here. So any time you have a transaction like this that changes the face of 
our environment, that people are looking to see what opportunities exist. Many of the things that we've seen with CVS 
Caremark, these existed in the marketplace for quite some time, whether it be limited networks or picking up drugs at a 
retailer or doing other things. These opportunities existed. I think what we're seeing is a renewed interest by others to 
make sure that, to the extent that there are opportunities here, that we explore them. And that there's probably a new 
focus around ways for the people in the supply chain to work together, to create value for our patients and clients. We 
are seeing and having a lot more conversation today around these measures than we've seen in the past. 

<Q - Arthur Henderson>: Okay, great. Then last question, just back on the specialty side, clearly you guys have put a 
lot of effort towards riding the ship here. Is it safe to say that there may be a couple more quarters where there's some 
movement there? Based upon what Ed was saying, sort of looking out maybe two more quarters of moving parts? 

<A - Edward Stiften>: Well, I think we're really not into trying to fix something down and dirty. We're trying to make 
sure our business is sustainable, and so we're going to do it in a very rational manner. We've given guidance that I think 


is industry-leading in our space. We will continue to focus on delivering high shareholder returns at the same time, 
making sure we have a focus on improving our service model and our selling model. So I think the moves we've 
already made in consolidating sales is going to pay pretty significant dividends. We're already seeing a lot of benefit 
from that move. Same thing with coordinating our IT and our product development areas. There is probably more to 
come. I'm not suggesting more write-offs, but I am suggesting that we will continue to focus on the business and make 
sure that we are properly positioned. We'll keep you posted quarter by quarter. 

<Q - Arthur Henderson>: Okay, well, thanks for taking my question -- very nice quarter. 

George Paz, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President 

Thank you very much. We really do appreciate everyone giving us this morning and the help -- and allowing us to 
explain our most recent results. And we look forward to speaking with you over the coming days. Thank you very 
much. 

Operator 

That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive 
Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2012, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


