Q3 2006 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• David Myers, Vice President of Investor Relations 
• Edward Stiften, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• George Paz, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Thomas Gallucci 
• Lisa Gill 
• Glen Santangelo 
• Lawrence Marsh 
• Charles Boorady 
• Matthew Perry 
• Kemp Dolliver 
• John Kreger 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Nicole and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome 
everyone to the Express Scripts third quarter earnings call. [Operator instructions]. Thank you. 

I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Myers, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin. 

David Myers, Vice President of Investor Relations 

Thank you, operator. Good morning everyone and welcome to our third quarter 2006 conference call. With me this 
morning is George Paz, our President and CEO, and Ed Stiften, our CFO. 

Before we begin I need to read the following. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be 
forward-looking statements and may include but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements 
of the company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties; the 
company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statements 
due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. In addition the reconciliation of EBITDA to 
net income and the net cash provided by operating activities can be found in our earnings release, which is posted on 
our website. At this point I'll turn the call over to Ed Stiften, who will discuss our results for the third quarter. 

Edward Stiften, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, David. Today I'm pleased to discuss Express Scripts third quarter performance. Overall we had a very good 
third quarter delivering strong performance in several areas throughout the company. We reported record third quarter 
diluted earnings per share of 83 cents, representing growth of 24% over last year's adjusted EPS. We repurchased 2.5 
million shares demonstrating our confidence in our business. This repurchase, which was contemplated in the guidance 


we provided last quarter, increased EPS by approximately $.003 for the quarter and will increase full year EPS by 
approximately 1 cent. 

The roll-off of lower margin claims from a few specific clients continue to mask what would have otherwise been 
another strong quarter for home delivery. Excluding the reduction in home delivery claims from these specific clients, 
home delivery claims would have increased 9% over last year. 

We continue to demonstrate our leadership in generic utilization which reached a record high of 58.3% compared to 
54.5% last year. In addition to a full quarter's benefit from simvastatin we also benefited from the mid-quarter launches 
of new generics this quarter, including Zoloft, Plavix and Mobic to mention the most significant ones. Since these 
generics were launched mid-quarter, we will realize a full quarter of benefit from these drugs in the fourth quarter. As a 
result of the savings we generated for our clients, we also reached record high EBITDA per adjusted claim which 
increased to $1.84, a 39% increase over last year. 

With respect to our segment performance the overall brief summary is PBM performed a little better than anticipated, 
Specialty and Ancillary Services performed a little worse than anticipated; overall right on. As a result of the success of 
our 2006 formulary strategy and expectations for continued growth throughout our business, we are again raising our 
2006 earnings guidance. The company believes that 2006 diluted EPS will be in the range of $3.19 to $3.29. In addition 
we will provide 2007 earnings guidance in a separate release in late November. At this point I'd like to turn the call 
over to George Paz. 

George Paz, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Ed and good morning, everyone. Our clients continue to experience better trends this quarter by using more 
generics, taking advantage of our clinical tools, choosing our cost-effective home delivery services and utilizing 
Express Scripts for the distribution and care management for specialty drugs. And because our interests are aligned 
with those of our clients and their members, the more successful we are at helping our clients save on prescription 
drugs the better we perform. 

We have also invested in our service offering and have seen tangible results. Client and member satisfaction have 
reached record levels. In addition we received a bonus payment this quarter from the Department of Defense for 
achieving member satisfaction of 97% for our home delivery services. We have received such a bonus from member 
satisfaction every quarter since implementing the home delivery contract in 2003. In addition we have received the 
annual bonus for the DOD retail contract. Last year for example we saved the DOD 100 million more than had been 
guaranteed savings in the contract which triggered the bonus payment. 

As you know, a civil class action case was brought against one of several companies that report data on prescription 
drug prices including average wholesale price or AWP. As part of a proposed settlement in the case, First DataBank 
has agreed to reduce the AWP on more than 8000 drugs by 4%. 

Regarding how this lawsuit may affect Express Scripts, I would like to make two important points. First, we were not a 
party to this lawsuit and have never had a role in setting or publishing AWP. Second, most of our contracts with our 
clients and retail pharmacies contain terms that we believe will enable us to mitigate the proposed reduction in AWP. 
At this time the proposed settlement has not been approved by the court and may be modified before it becomes final. 
That is because it is a very unusual settlement for many reasons. Here are just a few. First, a very dynamic competitive 
marketplace mitigated the impact of the 2002 AWP adjustments that gives rise to the suit. And the court's own 
independent expert in another AWP case agrees. During and after 2002, greater discounts off AWP were negotiated 
with suppliers, rebates from pharmaceutical manufacturers were increased and a greater proportion of rebates were 
passed on through to clients. 

Second, the settlement's corrective action is way out of proportion with what happened in 2002. At that time only 1600 
drugs were affected by the increase in the AWP mark-up factor from 1.2 to 1.25. The settlement would affect 8467 
drugs. That is more than 5 times the original number of drugs. It is an even more arbitrary response to an arbitrary 


action. 

Third, the settlement calls for adjusting AWP on these 8467 drugs a fast track, all at once. Even with the mitigating 
terms of our contracts we believe that managing client and supplier expectations will be challenging. 

Under the proposed settlement AWP is reduced by 4% after approval of the settlement followed two years later by 
ceasing the publication of AWP by First DataBank. Each of these events has the potential to cause disruption and 
uncertainty in the market. Like any other business, healthcare needs to operate in a stable and predictable market. 
However this proposed settlement may create instability in the market place. We believe an industry-wide consensus is 
needed to agree on new index credible and stable before we abandon the index that forms the basis of all contracts in 
the industry today. We look forward to participating in efforts to achieve such consensus. 

I am also pleased with our strong quarter which saw our generic utilization rate reach a record of 58.3%. This increase 
was driven by new generics that entered the marketplace as well as our continued success in our clinical programs 
including our 2006 formulary strategy especially in the statin class. We have seen almost a 22% point reduction in 
Lipitor's market share in our book of business compared to a 7% decrease nationwide. 

Our ability to deliver strong savings to our clients and members through the increased use of generics and lower cost 
clinically efficacious brands has resulted in better trends for our clients and improved performance for Express Scripts. 
We will release our 2007 earnings guidance in late November and will at that time provide color on our sales season. 
We look forward to speaking with you again to review this guidance. 

This concludes our prepared remarks and now we will be happy to answer any questions. Operator. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator instructions.] Your first question comes from Robert Willoughby with Banc of America. 

<Q>: Thanks. It is John. Our question is on Pravachol. The exclusivity period I think ends today. But there seems to be 
some supply concerns in the market. Have you guys had any trouble securing supply from additional manufacturers on 
that product? 

<A - George Paz>: No, we believe it is not an issue for us. 

<Q>: One quick one, Ed, was the Priority bad debt charge included in your previous guidance? 

<A - Edward Stiften>: It was not. 

<Q>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Tom Gallucci with Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Thomas Gallucci>: Good morning. Just two questions. First, George, you spoke about some of the reasons why 
you think the AWP settlement doesn't necessarily make much sense or the proposed settlement. I might have missed it, 
but can you give any commentary as to what you can do from a legal standpoint or what may happen more broadly 
from an industry standpoint legally that you could argue against this settlement? 

<A - George Paz>: You know, we're not you know we're not a named defendant in the settlement so it is really you 
know kind of out of our hands. I think others you know may or may choose to take a role in this. But you know that is 
not, we're not a party to the settlement. 


<Q - Thomas Gallucci>: Right. Then in Specialty I guess it sounds like among some of the issues that you talked 
about there, the integration of Priority is costing more and maybe you are not seeing as much benefit from that 
acquisition financially at least initially as you had anticipated. Can you give us some kind of real-life examples of what 
is going on on the ground in terms of the specialty integration? What types of things are costing more or taking longer? 

<A - George Paz>: I will let Ed speak to the financial side of this. Let me just clarify from the Priority perspective 
overall, you know, we entered into this space because we believe that it is a – where the trends to be managed will exist 
as we look out into the future. This is a very important space for us and for our clients. The better we can do to manage 
their drug trends in the future will go further to prove the value of our PBM business to those clients when we look out 
to the future and see the big, big pipeline of drugs at the very expensive end coming to market. 

Having said that though, we bought a company that was a – that was a whole list of unconsolidated entities that had 
been put together by the prior management team. You know, we are as you know if you've followed us for a while, we 
are not in this for any one quarter or any short period of time. Our view was to buy the entity, to consolidate it into our 
company, to position it for its highest efficiencies and best growth and we are working on that process as we speak. Ed. 

<A - Edward Stiften>: Yeah, I think – I wouldn't say that the integration activities are project-by-project costing more 
or taking longer. I would say that I think we are doing more things than we anticipated. I would also say I think there 
have been some exogenous events that have affected us, either a particular product going away or a different 
relationship where a manufacturer chose to go through a wholesaler rather than through a specialty business. So there 
have been some of those small one-time kinds of events or one-off kinds of events have occurred. Also I think in the 
ancillary services business outside of Specialty I think we saw reductions primarily related to the Medicare Part D 
program so faster enrollment there hurting some of our patient assistance programs and so forth. 

And on Specialty I think we mentioned that you know as an example we had lost one client that was actually a legacy 
CuraScript not a legacy Priority client mid-year. So just a few individual events like that happening and I think as we 
pointed out, I think we see a sequential increase coming in the fourth quarter. I think with respect to the third quarter, 
the bad debts was nonrecurring, there were a few other minor nonrecurring but for the most part other than the 
integration expenses, most of the other things, the product shifts and so forth, some of those would be recurring. So 
other than the bad debt expense and a few minor non-recurring charges this was the new take-off point from which we 
improve for the future. 

<Q - Thomas Gallucci>: On the patience assistance program, just one follow-up. Have you lost pretty much 
everything you can lose there or are there still members over sixty-five that you expect will ramp down? 

<A - Edward Stiften>: I think in general we're probably at about the new take-off point. 

<Q - Thomas Gallucci>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Lisa Gill with JPMorgan. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: Thanks very much and good morning. George, maybe you could just talk a little bit about maybe 
some of the conversations you've had with your customers thus far I mean around AWP. If we move away from AWP, 
what are some of the other methodologies you would be thinking about and when we start thinking along those lines, 
do you anticipate it could possibly make the industry more transparent, for example could you see us going or see the 
industry going to cost plus type of model in the future? 

<A - George Paz>: Well, I guess there is always the possibility going to a cost-plus type model. You know, I would 
think that that may not necessarily be good for the consumer in the long run. I think what ends up happening is that the 
big players like the Wal-Marts of the world, if they are going to participate in a cost-plus model and they have 
extensive buying power, they are certainly going to be able to compete a heck of a lot better than the small retail chain. 
Maybe that should be the way the world works out anyway, but as small chains and independents go away, the concern 


one would always have is how much clout do those big players have? 

Our job is to negotiate discounts and it is good to be able to work the market against itself in order to achieve the best 
pricing out there. So you know I – transparency is good in a lot of regards but it is not so good in others as you 
probably read in the FTC report and other reports that have spoken to competition. So as far as from a client 
perspective, I think clients don't really understand what is going on. 

I think the thing that troubles me the most about the AWP settlement is not the fact that AWP goes away, I think we all 
anticipate it, all players in this industry – I can't speak for everybody, but those that I have talked to I think anticipated 
at some point AWP would go away and we were all braced for that. I think the thing I think is somewhat foolhardy in 
this whole process is a 5% point or 4% decline across the board just so it will go away in two years. To me that sets 
unrealistic expectations in the market place. You know as I said in my prepared comments, the market adjusted quickly 
for these price increases that, as they came in. So I don't believe that there's this, I think the Wall Street Journal alluded 
to 4 billion dollars sitting out there. Now our job, not only the job of the PBMs but of retail and everybody else in the 
supply chain, is to figure out you know how to set the expectations for the plan sponsors that those dollars aren't 
actually out there, that they have already been regained by the process and given back. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: Have you talked to your largest customers? When I think about this and I have been following the 
industry for a while, in 2002 we didn't see a big windfall to the PBMs when this list went about. So it sounds to me like 
the system in essence adjusted for these additional discounts and you passed them on to your customers in one way or 
another. But is it difficult now to have that conversation now that there are the Wall Street Journal articles and other 
things out there, is the expectation by your customer, are they calling you saying we know about this and we anticipate 
that we are going to get something back? 

<A - George Paz>: Nobody has gone that far yet. But we haven't gotten there yet, we don't have a final settlement, so 
right now it is just a lot of words in a newspaper. But you know at some point there's going to be conversations and you 
know let's keep in mind that people are going to see this as an opportunity to create disruption in the market place, so 
we just got to be prepared for that. You know, we, Express Scripts may be you can always argue we are overly cautious 
but I think we don't do our job if we don't tell you, our investor public, what opportunities and what threats are out 
there. So we will always do that. We will always go out to try to achieve and beat the expectation of the market place, 
but that doesn't mean there isn't hurdles we have to jump. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: Right. Then secondly, Ed, I know I asked this question last quarter and talking about the fourth 
quarter guidance range, it now appears that it's 91 cents to $1.01. And I think last quarter it was 94 cents to $1. Can you 
maybe reconcile that for me? 

<A - Edward Stiften>: Yeah, I think I guess as we talked last night, I think the way we approach guidance is we try to 
figure out what's sort of the mid-point of expectations for us and that came out 324 for the year. And so then we tried to 
figure out what is a reasonable tolerance range around that, how good could it get, how low could it get, et cetera and 
how much tolerance have we put around our guidance mid-point last year, and last year I think it was 7 cents on a much 
lower earnings per share. So I think the 7 cents was translated and an equivalent would be 9 cents this quarter. We just 
used 10 and I think that is about all the science that went into it. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: I just wanted to make sure there wasn't anything to be read into the lower end of that guidance range. 
So it is just basically you're setting up wider range and we shouldn't be thinking that fundamentally anything has 
changed from your previous comments around the fourth quarter? 

<A>: Yeah, I think that is right. I think we shouldn't read anything special into the 94 going into the 91 nor the dollar 
going to the $1.01. I think we just widened the range. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: Thanks for your comments. 

<A>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from Glen Santangelo with Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Glen Santangelo>: George, just a couple quick questions. In your 10-Q that you filed yesterday, you cited that 
most of your contracts have terms that will help you kind of mitigate any adverse impact and then you followed that up 
today with those comments and then right after that you suggested that managing your clients will be challenging and 
the environment will be unstable. Could you just help me think about kind of the inconsistency of those two comments, 
and maybe what do you mean by most of your contracts? Is it half, is it three quarters? Is it 90%? How should we think 
about that? 

<A - George Paz>: Well, you know, what we put in the Q is what we want to have out there. As we also said we have 
the provisions to mitigate you know so I think that is – I don't think I want to get any deeper than that and I'm certainly 
not going to talk about client-specific contracts. I think that, just to level set – put things in perspective, you know, I 
think any time that you see, that you read an article and you know about anything in, you know, that's out there that you 
know the clients have the ability and they read all this stuff, they see what is going on. 

Think about being sitting in behind the desk of the CFO at a major automobile manufacturer today here in the United 
States and the pressures they are facing on costs. They see their revenue lines declining. They see their market share 
evaporating; they have a CFO who is pushing on them to hit tough budget targets. They have all the things that are 
going in their business and they see a healthcare line that is growing at a much faster clip than any other expense on 
the, you know expense line on their financials. Yeah, we've got mitigating provisions and can go in and do things but 
that doesn't mean there isn't going to be a conversation. And I think for us to not think that clients aren't going to ask 
questions. 

Now, you know, if you own our stock, you know we're getting paid by our shareholders to manage that and you know 
our pledge to you is to go out and do the best we can in order to make sure that there isn't erosion and we are not 
suggesting that the erosion all takes place in any given day, but in fact disruption occurs in this market place. There is a 
new standard; any time you move to a new standard or to a new basis, I think you got to be realistic and figure there is 
going to be something to come out of there. Now, realistically maybe we can manage it all away, maybe we can do our 
jobs and do well and we can convince all our clients there is no issues. But we're not going to sit here at this point in 
time, when we don't even have a settlement done yet and we don't know what all the industry reactions are going to be, 
to sit here and just tell you that, no big deal. I think we ought to wait and see what happens as this goes, you know, 
keep in mind those of you that have owned our stock for a long time know that a third of our book comes up for 
renewal every year. So you face a third of this every year anyway, these conversations occur. But we've just now had a 
catalyst to have those conversations a little more pointed. So again I don't want to overblow this but think it is 
something you have to take into consideration. 

<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Hey George just one follow-up question. If I were to make the assumption that the settlement 
ultimately is going to get approved, could you talk to me about what we should expect to be the next sort of mile post 
we should look for? I mean, we all talked about this nine-month window, how quickly do you think these conversations 
will happen? Just how do you think it could play out from a timeline perspective? 

<A - George Paz>: You know, I really am not in a position to say. We're not a party to the lawsuit so we're not, you 
know in the judge's chambers, we're not – we don't know, you know what is going on, when it's going to get approved 
or what might happen next. I'm not in a position to speak to that. 

<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - George Paz>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Larry Marsh with Lehman Brothers. 


<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Thanks just a couple of follow-ups. First on the Specialty business. Are you, George, are you 
disclosing or giving any context about the big customer loss from CuraScript and how big a part of their business that 
was? And then along with that, can you give us a couple of elaborations on some of the action steps you and David are 
taking, David Lowenberg are taking to you know really drive toward consolidation, integration and better results you 
know down there? 

<A - George Paz>: Sure. A couple things. First of all, we don't talk about client-specific situations. We did have a 
rather large managed care client that we were doing Specialty work for that you know as Ed said, was a legacy 
CuraScript client that terminated this year. Again, what we were trying to do in our financials, we were just explaining 
the situation, what was going on. I think that you know one of the challenges we have this year in particular is that 
we're looking at Medicare Part D coming into full swing. And therefore inside of our Specialty business we had a fair 
amount of PAP programs and so those type programs obviously are adversely affected by people who can now take 
advantage of the Medicare Part D program. If you're a pharmaceutical manufacturer often you will look at why should I 
give the drugs away if I can get paid for them from the federal government. So we've seen a significant shifting of 
business from the PAP into Medicare Part D. So that is – we are kind of swimming upstream anyway. So that is all in 
those results. 

In addition to that, you know, I think as I said earlier, we – the Priority was a whole host of acquisitions that had been 
assembled very much like Value Rx was back in 1998 when we bought it. You know Value had a significant amount of 
acquisitions on I think 6 or 7 different platforms that had to all be integrated and consolidated. Our view is not to be 
short-sighted and just do things quickly. We try to position ourselves by trying to get the best people, the best systems 
and then the best footprint with the best operating processes, so that we can sustain ourselves for the longest term 
growth. And that is our focus here. So that is exactly what we're doing, we're looking at the processes we're using, 
we're looking at the systems we're using. We're looking at our call center performance, we're looking at the handoffs 
that occur throughout the processes and we're refining, simplifying and trying to make them as cost-effective and 
customer friendly as possible and that will go, you know, that is our process. That is what we're going through as we 
speak. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Do you define that as a six-month process, one-year, two-year or just really hard to say? 

<A - George Paz>: You know, I think to be honest with you, things evolve and change. I think there is two different 
pieces here. One is the integration and the other is the constant evolution. I think we're getting some of the integration 
behind us but we still have a ways to go. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Uh-huh. Okay. Second, I guess George, given your comments about the pricing environment, 
I wonder if you would then have any comments about proposed publication of AMP whether you would even see that 
as having any indirect impact as a pricing disruptor over time, and then are you commenting at all about whether this 
proposed settlement would interrupt you know some initiative toward this alternative benchmark pricing as that new 
benchmark that, it seemed like there's some progress had been made up until this point? 

<A - George Paz>: Let me go back and say that from our perspective, I really don't care what the benchmark is as long 
as the benchmark is understandable. The problem is AWP has been criticized for quite some time. You know, it is like 
MSRP on a car – who goes in to buy a car and pays MSRP? People go online and they look at what the dealer cost is, 
what special deals are out there, and you put it all together and you figure out what you are going to pay for this thing. 
You can change the MSRP, you could raise it by $5000, it doesn't mean you are going to pay $5000 more for it. 

So I really don't care what the benchmark is, as long as we get a sustainable benchmark that doesn't cause a lot of 
consternation or concern by our clients so we all have the same methodology to use throughout this industry to price. I 
think that is what we need is stability and credibility in the marketplace and so we'll support anything that is out there 
that gets us there. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: And just so would you define AMP as it is currently discussed as being that stable 
benchmark or probably not? 


<A - George Paz>: You know, I think it is too early to tell. We will get, we will watch it unfold. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Okay. I'm going to stop there. Thank you. 

<A - George Paz>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Charles Boorady with Citigroup. 

<Q - Charles Boorady>: Hi, good morning. Just on the AWP issue again, what is your understanding of the timing to 
reach a settlement and then actually to implement it? And do you think by not having those conversations with your 
customers today in anticipation of a potential settlement, that you would be leaving yourself too little time to actually 
have those conversations if a settlement is in fact reached? 

<A - George Paz>: Charles, just to be clear, I am not suggesting we are not having conversations. If we are doing our 
jobs, we are out in front of our clients every day. I suspect as our account managers visit our clients, keep in mind, 
some of our account managers sit at our clients' offices. So these conversations are taking place. 

The issue isn't that we are being passive here, the issue is that we don't have anything to react to right now. And you 
know this is all out of our hands. The judge, you know, she will decide when to make this agreement, when, you know, 
and modify it if it needs to be modify or approve it as is or whatever she wants to do. That is her job and she will do 
what she wants. We will just have to react to that. 

Again we will be reacting to what comes out. Don't get me wrong, we have people internally and we are messaging and 
we're working with our clients. We are not passive. If you know us at all you know we are not a passive group. So we 
are working this and I'm just – so anyway, that is where it is at. 

<Q - Charles Boorady>: Okay and in terms of being able to just if you could assume that it would happen, is that 
enough to go back and kind of reopen and work on the language of some of those contracts that don't currently protect 
you, or are customers not willing to do that just as a way of anticipating a potential change? 

<A - George Paz>: That is not the issue. The issue is not to go in – I mean, we could go to a client today and say, we 
want to move to a new standard. But what does that do for us if this standard stays? Now we have one client or 20 
clients or 10% of the book of business under a new standard when 80 or 90%, and meanwhile the settlement gets 
thrown out. I don't think this is the time. You know, again, the contract languages that we have, we feel comfortable 
with, it protects us. That is not the issue. You know, the issue is not around contractual rights. The issue is around 
managing expectations. You know that is the point we're trying to make here. 

<Q - Charles Boorady>: I see. Are there contracts that contractually won't leave you an easy out, for example, ones 
that are very precise and clear in how they define the benchmark? 

<A - George Paz>: You know, I would prefer not to get into all of that. I mean, it's – you know we don't want to get 
into client-specific situations. 

<Q - Charles Boorady>: What's the, from a timeframe standpoint, if we see that the settlement is reached, what is the 
window that we should expect before it is actually implemented and would start to have an impact on your results? 

<A - George Paz>: I think that depends purely on what the settlement says and what form it actually ends up taking. 
Keep in mind they had one hearing yesterday and we'll see, you know, I don't know what the judge is going to do with 
that, I don't see how I can comment on a situation that I don't know is, ultimately what the outcome is going to be. 

<Q - Charles Boorady>: Yeah. The settlement gives a timeframe for implementation, you are suggesting that could 
change throughout this process? 

<A - George Paz>: I have no idea if it will or won't. 


<Q - Charles Boorady>: Yeah. If I could just change to the Wal-Mart healthcare initiative for a second. Do you have 
any store level or maybe regional specifics on what their initiative did in the markets that they launched it in to your 
script volume, to your retail script volumes and any impact that you would be able to measure to your mail business? 

<A - George Paz>: Yeah, I'll let Ed talk to that, but just again we actually applaud Wal-Mart's move here. We think it 
is great. When people step up and are willing to take cost out of the supply chain, we think that is a very good idea. 

A lot of these drugs are low-cost, older products and to the extent, you know this issue, I was in Phoenix a couple of 
days ago and the feature on TV that day was Wal-Mart's move into Phoenix, or into Arizona with this program. It was 
all over the – and they had doctors on, they were talking about generics. You know, God bless our sales team. They 
have been trying to fight this generic battle for years. You know it has gained some traction over the last couple of 
years, but the reality is it is hard to sell. Now all of a sudden it is the anchor place on many TV, you know, newscasts 
and that is great. The more we can get out about generics, the better off we are going to be as a country and that is good 
for the trend for our clients and the costs for our members. So this is a very positive good thing by the way, so Ed, I 
don't know if you want to, add some specifics. 

<A - Edward Stiften>: Yes, we do watch the data very closely. And as you know, the Tampa market is the most 
mature market for the action that they've taken and we can actually see you know data obviously by store and by entity 
within the whole market. And what we would say to date is in the Tampa market we have not seen a material shift. In 
fact I would use the words very immaterial shift in market share. So that is just the facts to date. 

<Q - Charles Boorady>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Matt Perry with Wachovia Securities. 

<Q - Matthew Perry>: Hi, had a question on, I know you are not at the point where you want to talk about '07 
guidance, but if I think about the way the '06 EPS you know kind of, the pattern was somewhat different than it had 
been in the past years because of the formulary decisions you made early in 2006 to forego some rebates. Would you, 
do you view that decision and that impact as something unique to 2006? 

<A - George Paz>: Well, 2006 was unique because of the class. I mean there was no other class as large as the statin 
class out there. So and we also, you know, the drug wasn't coming to, the generic wasn't coming to market until 
mid-year. So you know we had a mismatch, if you will, between the formulary decisions being made and the 
opportunity to take advantage of the generic situation. So there was a six-month period where we you know were trying 
to move people into different products and take advantage of the generic. 

We've learned a lot over the last five years studying trends and utilization behaviors, and you know typically what 
happens before a drug goes generic is it starts to tremendously lose market share. We've been out in front of our clients 
explaining, showing them the drugs that are coming off patent protection this coming year and making sure that we do 
all we can to prefer those products and to stay out in front of that so we can continue to keep the share up on those 
products, and so that when the generic opportunity comes, you know, we get all the juice we can out of it for our clients 
and our members. 

<Q - Matthew Perry>: Okay so it might be fair to think that the pattern in '07 might not be as severe as it was in '06? 

<A - George Paz>: Yeah, we will give that guidance here within the next month; we'll take you through all of that. 

<Q - Matthew Perry>: Okay. And then, just if I look at, you know, what you have talked about for the fourth quarter 
and you know what you – what I think of as a pretty wide range, but maybe centered around 324, can you talk a little 
bit, what you know what factors might cause you to move lower than that midpoint or higher? 

<A - George Paz>: I'll have Ed address that. 


<A - Edward Stiften>: You know, I think there are still some potential introductions of generics and/or potential 
changes in exclusivity versus non-exclusivity that could still come in. The Specialty activity, we are still very dynamic 
and active there and trying to make enhancements to the platform going forward and so forth. So there could be ups and 
downs there to the Specialty. And volumes, obviously can tweak, you know, but not a whole lot. You could get a penny 
surprise in volume either way, I suppose. Those would probably be the biggest factors. 

<Q - Matthew Perry>: Okay. That's all I had. Thanks. 

<A - George Paz>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Kemp Dolliver with Cowen & Company. 

<Q - Kemp Dolliver>: Hi, thanks. One question regards the contract terminology or language as it relates to AWP. Is 
this generally speaking contract language that is pretty standard in contracts, where it is pretty clear what it is supposed 
to insulate you against? Or you know is it a broad range of contract language that you know people can interpret in any 
number of ways at least if they are being reasonable? 

<A - George Paz>: Kemp, again I don't want to get into specific contracts here. You know, the reality is what I'm 
trying to get across is that we are not as worried about a contract language situation. That's not our concern. You know 
and again, it is really expectation setting. So I don't want to get in and tell you I got one contract in North Dakota that's 
got this issue. That's not going to do us any good. That is not the kind of conversation we need. We're not concerned 
about the contractual provisions; we're concerned about setting client expectation and that is what we're going to have 
to manage through. I think it would be – it wouldn't be fair for us not to tell you that that's – that there may not be an 
issue out there. I'm not saying we are not going to do our best and do our job to manage around that issue because that 
is what you pay us to do, so we'll be out in front. But I have 16,000 clients and so we're going to have to, that is not a 
small task to manage 16,000 opinions and make this work. 

So that is our challenge and we, you know, there is no way this management team wants to disappoint Wall Street or 
not hit our earnings expectations, so we are going to do everything in our power to make those things happen. That is 
what you pay us to do. But you know there's, the market is what the market is. 

<Q - Kemp Dolliver>: That's fine. Thank you. Second question relates to the Specialty business and that is, I think in 
the last quarter you all had indicated that you thought the Priority integration activities would I think essentially hit 
their peak or conclude in this current quarter. You know is that still the way you look at that process or 


<A - Edward Stiften>: I wouldn't say they conclude, I think they start to taper down in terms of the rate of 
expenditures for integration and consolidation kinds of activities. But we were still working on positioning that 
platform for the optimal structure going forward and we made some changes in the third quarter that were fairly 
dramatic again. So it's tapering off a little bit, but we don't yet have it where we want it but we are expecting sequential 
improvement in the fourth quarter. 

<Q - Kemp Dolliver>: Thank you. 

<A - George Paz>: We'll only take one more question. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from John Kreger with William Blair. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Thanks very much. Question for Ed. Ed, operating cash flow it has been down year-over-year the 
last three quarters, but it sounds like still kind of tracking with your expectations. Can you refresh our memory about 
why it has been tracking down compared to last year and your expectations for the fourth quarter? 


<A - Edward Stiften>: Yeah, fourth quarter we're expecting very strong. Why the first nine months are lower than 
typical years would relate to the nature of the working capital position of the PBM business or actually health insurers, 
as well. But basically all of us operate with essentially a working capital advance, more current liabilities than current 
assets. And as scripts grow, that working capital advance or net advance grows, thus producing cash as you grow. 
When the scripts go down that net working capital advance goes down as well. So that was the biggest factor that 
caused the year-over-year to be down this year. 

In addition I think you may have recalled that in the fourth quarter of '05, we reported that we had extra positive cash 
flow in the fourth quarter of '05. I think we quantified that it was notionally $50 million related to anomalies of the 
calendar around year-end, where there were some collections that we would normally collect in the first week in 
January that actually got collected sooner. Not that anybody accelerated them, but it is just the way the calendar fell. 
And so that was worth about 50 million and then the claims dropped, order of magnitude 100 million, a little more than 
that, and so that explains for the most part what happened in the first half. And in the third quarter, just a little bit of 
timing third quarter versus fourth quarter, it came in about 40 to $50 million lower than we thought. We believe it is 
timing; we believe it comes back in the fourth quarter, which is why we held our guidance range. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Great, thanks. And then an unrelated question, it sounds like the Department of Defense contracts 
continue to go well. Can you refresh our memory about when those contracts will come up for renewal and when you 
might have more visibility about if you keep the business? 

<A>: Mail: February 1, '08 and retail: June 1, of '08 is when the new contracts would start. And the award is – was 
originally scheduled for late October, we haven't heard anything but anyway that's – it's scheduled in theory for the end 
of this month. 

<Q - John Kreger>: And one last question relating to Specialty. Now that you have got a slightly different structure, 
can you give us a sense if possible about how that business breaks down, what the key segments are or categories are? 
I'm thinking about the patient assistance versus the classic specialty direct to patient versus the doctor distribution 
business? Can you give us a sense about how big each of those categories are and if there are any other important 
components? 

<A - Edward Stiften>: No we wouldn't provide detail beyond the segment reporting that we have. But the big 
obviously the big pieces are pharmacy, the specialty pharmacies, the infusion business, the distribution business, the 
infertility business, the patient assistance program business, sampling, patient direct. There's quite a few pieces of it; it's 
now under all one management now and we'll be able to capture some synergies from that combination. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Great. Thanks. 

George Paz 

Thank you. Appreciate everyone's time this morning. We look forward to getting back to you in late November with 
our 2007 earnings guidance. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you for participating in today's teleconference. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 


information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2012, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


