Q4 2016 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Benjamin Bier 
• Eric R. Slusser 
• Timothy C. Wentworth 
• David A. Queller 
• Everett Neville 
Other Participants 

• Lisa Christine Gill 
• Robert Willoughby 
• Eric Percher 
• Garen Sarafian 
• John C. Kreger 
• Robert Patrick Jones 
• Brian Gil Tanquilut 
• Ricky R. Goldwasser 
• George R. Hill 
• Ross Muken 
• Michael Cherny 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Welcome to Express Scripts Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2016 Conference Call. All lines have been placed in a 
listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, 
you may disconnect. 

I would now like to turn the call over to Ben Bier, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin. 

Benjamin Bier 

Thank you. Good morning. With me today are Tim Wentworth, CEO and President, and Eric Slusser, Executive Vice 
President and CFO. 

Before we begin, I need to read the following Safe Harbor statement: Statements or comments made on this conference 
call may be forward-looking statements and may include financial projections or other statements of the company's 
plans, objectives, expectations, or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The company's 
actual results may differ materially from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement due to a variety 
of factors, which are discussed in detail in the company's most recent Form 10-K filed with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission. We do not undertake any obligation to update or otherwise release publicly any revisions to our 
forward-looking statements. For clarity purposes, all financial numbers, except where indicated, that we talk about 
today will be on an adjusted basis and are attributable to Express Scripts, excluding non-controlling interest 


representing the share allocated to members of our consolidated affiliates. 

This presentation will be posted on our website and includes an appendix with footnotes and reconciliations of 
non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. The press release is posted on the Investor 
Relations section of our website at www.express-scripts.com. 

At this point, I will turn the call over to Eric. 

Eric R. Slusser 

Thank you, Ben, and good morning, everyone. This morning, I will cover our financial performance for 2016 and 
provide an update on our 2017 guidance. Then I'll turn it over to Tim to discuss why we are a unique market force that 
improves healthcare. 

In 2016, we demonstrated to our clients, our members and to our shareholders, the ability of Express Scripts to improve 
healthcare. 

First, we delivered for our patients. Express Scripts' members had their share of total cost decrease for the second year 
in a row. We excluded fewer drugs from our National Preferred Formulary and still drove greater savings, while 
maintaining broad access. 

Second, we delivered for payers. Our Drug Trend Report showed that we held the line for payers, keeping the increase 
in drug trend to just 3.8%, a 27% decrease from last year. Nearly a third of our clients worked with us to aggressively 
manage the benefit and, as a result, they had a negative trend. And in a year where brand name drug inflation was 11%, 
we helped protect client unit costs holding the increase to just 2.5%. 

These data-points and many others can be found in our Drug Trend Report and I hope that you will read through it. We 
base our research on real data generated by real solutions. While some challenge our industry and the value it brings 
with erroneous observations and flawed analysis, the facts speak for themselves and our data speaks strongly for the 
important work we do. 

And finally, we delivered double-digit earnings growth and returned cash to our shareholders. We deployed $4.7 billion 
of cash during 2016 through stock repurchases. We grew GAAP EPS by 51% to $5.39, and adjusted EPS by 16% to 
$6.39. 

Now let's get into the results for the quarter. We reported adjusted earnings per diluted share of $1.88 for our fourth 
quarter results, which represents growth of 21% over the fourth quarter of last year. 

During the fourth quarter, our GAAP earnings per diluted share grew 107%, largely due to the strong performance of 
our core PBM business and the Liberty tax benefit of $511 million, of which $41 million was used as a special 
one-time payment to reward our employees for reaching a favorable outcome in their multi-year effort to attain the 
refund. 

We adjudicated 354.9 million adjusted claims generating adjusted EBITDA of $2.1 billion, up 6%, which results in 
adjusted EBITDA for adjusted claim of $5.79, or growth of 14% year-over-year despite the continued roll off of 
Coventry and Catamaran from our books. 

Adjusted SG&A ramped down in the fourth quarter and decreased by 23% versus the fourth quarter of 2015. This was 
a result of reduced annual incentive compensation in both the third and fourth quarters due to the reduction in our 2016 
EBITDA guidance in the third quarter. 

During 2016, we also hired a new Chief Information Officer who is tasked with building a multiyear IT roadmap for 
the company. As that IT roadmap was in development, many projects were delayed or deferred in the fourth quarter, 
which resulted in lower project spending that impacted SG&A and capital expenditures. From a cash flow perspective, 
our strong quarter generated $2.2 billion of net cash flow from operations. 


Finally, I want to comment on one other item in the quarter. As part of our enterprise-wide revenue recognition 
assessment in preparation for our adoption of a new accounting standard, we identified some previously recognized 
contract revenue within our Other Business Operations segment that was ultimately not billable. This resulted in an 
immaterial out of period revenue adjustment of approximately $86 million. We recognized the cumulative effect of this 
adjustment within our consolidated results in the fourth quarter of 2016. 

For our full year 2016 results, we generated $6.39 of adjusted earnings per diluted share, which represents another year 
of double-digit growth at 16%. Our adjusted claims for the year were 1.4 billion, down 2% over the prior year. 
Excluding the impact of Coventry rolling off our books, our volume growth was up 2.8% for the year. 

As mentioned, adjusted SG&A came in lower than we had originally forecasted for the year, driven largely by 
reductions in incentive compensation and project spending. 

Depreciation was also lower in the second half of 2016 relative to the second half of 2015 as a result of assets being 
taken out of service in 2015 during the final stages of our integration. 

We delivered adjusted EBITDA of $7.3 billion and adjudicated over 1.4 billion total adjusted claims, resulting in an 
adjusted EBITDA for adjusted claim of $5.16, or a growth of 6.0%. 

Full year net cash flow from operations was $4.9 billion. We deployed $10.6 billion of cash during 2016, $4.7 billion to 
repurchase common stock via an accelerated share repurchase agreement and open market purchases, and $5.9 billion 
to retire debt. 

Now let's turn to 2017. Our 2017 annual guidance remains unchanged from what we provided in December 2016. 
Currently, we are forecasting adjusted SG&A for 2017 to be approximately $1.9 billion as several items that were 
favorable in 2016 will likely not repeat in 2017, namely, the lower incentive compensation, lower project spending and 
depreciation. We expect depreciation to trend up year-over-year as new assets are put into service in 2017. 

For the first quarter 2017, we are forecasting adjusted earnings per diluted share to be in the range of $1.30 to $1.34 per 
share. The quarterly trend for our adjusted earnings per diluted share is expected to be similar to what we experienced 
in 2016. 

As in previous years, we're expecting a higher earnings ramp in the back half of 2017, as we realize higher utilization 
of our SafeGuardRx programs throughout the year and increased penetration of generics in our book of business, as 
well as, the timing of supply chain initiatives and higher Medicare Part D revenue driven by the benefit design and 
reinsurance payments from the government. 

That concludes my comments. I will now turn the call over to Tim. 

Timothy C. Wentworth 

Thank you, Eric and good morning. Today, I want to spend a few minutes addressing a number of issues investors and 
others have been asking about. Let me first say that in my nearly 20 years in the PBM business, I have never been 
prouder of the results we create, but I've never seen more misinformation and absence of facts in the dialog about our 
role. 

So let me start with the facts. Drug companies set drug prices and over the last eight years those list prices have 
increased by more than 200%. If not for us, our clients and patients would be left to pay those costs. 

Drug makers set prices and we exist to bring those prices down to ensure patients can access the drugs they need and 
the payers can afford them. We use every tool in our arsenal to do it and are constantly innovating new ways to bring 
costs in line and create greater patient access. We did that with hepatitis C and we are doing the same with diabetes, 
inflammatory conditions and other key therapeutic areas. And last year we limited our clients' total impact to a 2.5% 
increase in unit cost in a year where brand inflation was 11%. 


To achieve affordability in the face of increasing brand drug prices, we prioritize generic drug use, formulary 
management, step therapy, tight management of retail networks and in the case of Turing's Daraprim, we even found a 
way to offer a competing pill for about $1. 

26,000 of us wake up every day, thinking about how to save our patients' money and lower drug prices. One key 
element of driving down drug cost to payers is rebates. Drug makers began using rebates years ago, offering them in 
exchange for access to patients and the resulting market share. 

They offer rebates to incentivize payers to prefer their products over the competitor's therapeutically equivalent 
products. Pharma will pay higher rebates to payers who are able to shift market share to them and away from 
competing manufacturers. 

The PBM industry by aggregating buying power and creating a competitive market allows smaller payers to enjoy the 
same access to rebates as larger payers. They all benefit. This would not happen without us and without our industry. It 
is important to note manufacturers set prices and choose whether to use rebates to encourage preference for their 
products. 100% of the time our clients determine how to share rebates. 

In 2016, our clients directly received 89% of the rebate dollars paid to us. The rest was retained by us in a fully 
transparent manner as payment for doing our job to bring down costs. We work with each client to align their overall 
pricing with the way they want to pay us. 

Some clients prefer to keep 100% of the rebates and pay us administrative fees and program fees and the like. Other 
clients prefer we share in a predetermined portion of the rebates in lieu of writing us a check for administrative fees and 
other things that we do. This model aligns us with our clients, we benefit when we lower their prices. 

In addition, we've had a few clients who have us keep all the rebates and use them to subsidize other price points and 
discounts in their pricing. The point is, in every case, we work with our clients and the consultants to determine how 
rebates are used and to maximize their positive impact on plan costs. 

In the end, the growth in rebates is proof that we are doing our job. To suggest that our creating competition and the 
resulting rebates is why prices go up is uninformed and simply wrong. For example, as I said before, when we finally 
got a competitor in hepatitis C, net cost dropped by half, in part because of rebates. Alternatively in oral oncology, for 
example, rebates are practically nonexistent, only two out of 88 products pay rebates, yet prices have gone up 100% 
over five years. You can't blame rebates for that. 

Another area of recent interest is direct and indirect remuneration fees or DIR fees as they're called. The specific DIR 
fees which have come into question are those which are agreed to in our contracts with retail pharmacies and help drive 
down the costs providing coverage to Medicare Part D recipients. Simply put, DIR fees we received are passed back 
directly to plan sponsors, reported to CMS, and lower the cost of providing coverage. If they were to go away, it would 
negatively impact plan sponsors and the government across the board, but it would have no financial impact on us. 

Finally, let me for a moment discuss the regulatory and legislative environment. With all of the discussion about the 
ACA, the constant is that our deep expertise in Medicare, Medicaid and the exchanges will help our clients navigate a 
complex and changing landscape. This is what we did when Medicare Part D was approved. This is what we did when 
the ACA was approved. It is what we do as states evolve their Medicaid rules, and it is why clients hire us. 

In addition to being ready and able to help our clients adapt, we are also advocating for key policy changes at the state 
and federal level, including accelerating the introduction of biosimilars, allowing the FDA to prioritize applications 
based on market need, prohibiting pay for delay, prohibiting coupons from drug manufacturers and eliminating the tax 
deduction for DTC advertising among others. 

Also earlier this month law makers introduced the Lower Drug Costs through Competition Act. I love the name of that, 
which will encourage drug makers to bring competitors to single-source products to market faster. We are working to 
help see this program become law. 


In addition to advocating these positions, we are investing in new digital tools to help patients find the lowest cost 
pharmacy, identify lower cost alternatives for the drug they are taking, to see their HSA information across medical and 
pharmacy and many other things. 

These tools provide information to patients in real-time and are continuing to evolve to help them navigate a complex 
myriad of benefit designs and empowering them to make better decisions. 

We are focused on driving a true sea change in affordability and access and we are fully engaged at the state and 
federal level with law makers who consistently cite our solutions and actions as examples of what can be done to 
transform pharmacy care and generate value for patients and payers. 

Our ability to achieve meaningful results for payers and patients, and growth in our business is a direct result of our 
having a terrific collection of assets, including, by the way, our 26,000 people. These assets are particularly important 
in the context of longer term dynamics in the pharmaceutical market and healthcare more broadly. 

In addition, the needs of employers to provide strong value benefits to employees in a more competitive job market as 
well as the needs of health plans to flexibly adapt to changing market conditions while maintaining affordable 
premiums and superior health outcomes all point to the long-term opportunities our focused independent model creates. 

Being independent we can plug into any health plan to make their medical management program smarter. We can work 
with any retailer to pull together the best network for a particular client given their goals. We are positioned to create 
clinically based competition among pharma manufacturers and drive the evolution of value-based contracting. 

We have the flexibility, creativity and focus to nimbly respond to market events which threaten our clients or create 
opportunities that we can aggressively capture. Our independent model uniquely allows us the flexibility to leverage 
our assets while serving our clients and patients. 

It also fuels our focus on continually innovating to achieve one purpose, to make pharmacy safer and more affordable, 
bringing value-based care to life. Express Scripts delivers care, creates access and helps payers stay in the game. 

We've demonstrated that in a complex and dynamic environment we can change, adapt and create value for 
shareholders just as we do patients. And in a world where value-based care is being debated in terms of what form it 
takes or how it gets delivered, we are showing how to do it today. 

I look forward to talking to you more in the Q-and-A session. Thank you. Operator, you can open up the lines. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Lisa Gill. Ma'am, you may begin. 

<Q - Lisa Christine Gill>: What do you think it takes to change the dialog, though? I appreciate that you told us the 
amount of rebates that you've retained and it sounds like a fair number. But, do you still think that there needs to be one 
more transparency in the marketplace? 

And two, if we were to move to gross where you're getting rebates and we move more to net pricing, what does that do 
to the PBM business model? 

<A - Timothy C. Wentworth>: So I think that, first of all, the way that we continue to evolve the conversation is to be 
engaged, as I said, that we've been in. It's also to – try to not appear to be finger pointing, but rather to defining 
solutions which is why we are working in concert with legislators but also to, again, try to work with manufacturers to 
go beyond just rebates to value-based care as I've said, Lisa. But getting to unit price matters and right now, at least, it's 
legislative rebates, you look obviously in the government programs. So the amount of change that would be required 
for a wholesale change would be fairly significant. 


And quite frankly, when you really look at it, our clients get how the rebates work. They are not unhappy with the fact 
that their gross to net costs are in a manageable level. They think it should still be lower. They are not happy with drug 
companies raising their prices as they are. But again, we've been able to largely insulate them from that. 

The issue and I think the reason it becomes a political issue is, there are two things that have happened over the last 
several years. One is that drug prices have escalated fairly dramatically and without really any natural rationale, again 
that's gross drug prices. And then there is something that hasn't been discussed a lot which was an unintended 
consequence of the ACA and that was that in 2015 for a great number of patients, out of pocket maximums were 
integrated between pharmacy and medical creating one single large out of pocket max. 

And for patients, as you can imagine, high deductible plans have been in existence for quite some time, back in the 
early 2000s. The big change was they typically had out of pocket maxes for pharmacy or other things that didn't cause 
pharmacy patients who were not using the medical benefit extensively to have to encounter thousands of dollars of out 
of pocket maximums. But by integrating these things, we've seen more patients and we are beginning to study this and 
help our plans look at ways to put some guardrails for those patients on those unintended consequences. But those 
patients become the story of the night on a news program, because, quite frankly, they are in a very difficult position. 

And then you take the fact that pharmacy is usually the first used benefit of the year. It's the only part of medicine 
really where you have to pay upfront if you're going to get the service. Your doctor's office bills you later, you go in to 
an emergency room, you get treatment, and so these patients suddenly find themselves in a difficult spot and, again, our 
job is to help them through that and help folks understand as we have a [indiscernible] (23:00) policy positions that 
there are things that we can work with our clients to do to put those guardrails in place. 

But back to the other question, and I'm sorry for the long winded answer. To the extent that over time manufacturers 
evolve to more of a net cost or a discounted model, which again I think in my prepared remarks I tried to explain a little 
bit why that may be more difficult, because they don't want to give everybody the same low price. If somebody has 
more bargaining power than somebody else, they're not going to want to have that be the price that everybody than 
pays. But assuming that they do begin to move that direction, from our standpoint that's the model that we use in 
generics today. We would welcome that, quite frankly. 

Again, for me, I'm not interested in more rebates, for example in Enbrel and Humira, I'm interested in the biosimilar, 
which the acquisition cost will cause the products in that class to all have to lower their price. That's the way our model 
works best. 

<Q - Lisa Christine Gill>: Tim, I know right now it seems that people don't really care all that much about 
fundamentals. But, if we – when we come back to that in the market, can we maybe just spend just one minute talking 
about the 2017 selling season? How do you think about that? How do you think about the opportunities in the 
marketplace? How Express Scripts is positioned and then lastly just what you have up for renewal as we think about 
going into the selling season? 

<A - Timothy C. Wentworth>: Sure. I'll start with the end. Our renewals is extraordinarily sort of normal this year. 
We did not have a large or an incrementally larger block than we have over the last few years at all. And I would say 
we are off to a very strong start there, which again to the extent that my prepared remarks speak about clients getting it, 
these clients have choices. They don't have to use us or any PBM. The fact of the matter is, our 90 – almost 98% 
retention rate last year what we are seeing in the market again in terms of a couple of early sales wins as well as the 
conversations we're having, are all about our solutions and our SafeGuard programs for example, what are the things 
that highly managed clients do and can we put those things in place in ways that help them achieve better results for 
themselves than they're achieving with their current provider. Those are the conversations that we're currently having in 
the marketplace. 

And actually, Dave Queller who is – he is in the room here with me, who heads up sales and account management for 
us, literally, just had his whole field force outside. Dave, I don't know if there is any incremental color you want to give 
Lisa as it relates to the selling season in the marketplace? 


<A - David A. Queller>: Tim, I would add that, and thanks for the question Lisa, we are having great conversations 
with our – obviously our in force customers as we speak right now. We're in our planning sessions and then also with 
our new clients. We are having a number of conversations around 90-day retail programs, and putting those in place. 
Our SafeGuard programs are creating a lot of energy and conversation in the marketplace, specifically around 
inflammatory, diabetes and obviously the oncology program. And I would say last but not least, Lisa, the conversation 
now around narrowing the networks and seeing opportunities do that. That's probably not as prevalent as the other 
programs, but we are seeing the conversation around narrowing of the networks and seeing where the value can be 
driven there where it makes sense. So overall... 

<Q - Lisa Christine Gill>: And then the last thing. How about on specialty though Dave. I mean is that still the biggest 
driver as people are thinking about the upcoming 2017 selling season for 2018? 

<A - David A. Queller>: We are spending a lot of time on specialty in conversations. We've actually had some very 
good wins at the beginning of this year with some health plan clients taking over their specialty business. 

On the commercial side, we are very well penetrated with our clients and doing all the right things to help support 
them. As I discussed, Lisa, the inflammatory program is one good example of that, and then the health plans as well are 
very engaged. 

I would say that we are not seeing the trend numbers that we've seen in the past few years, but there is still going to be 
trend coming in that vein. And as Tim mentioned, our goal is the biosimilars to help drive down the overall costs. 

<Q - Lisa Christine Gill>: Okay. Thank you both. I appreciate your comments. 

<A - Timothy C. Wentworth>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Willoughby from Credit Suisse. Sir, your line is now open. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Thank you. Tim or Eric, can you give us just a quick sound bite maybe on each of the Care 
Value Programs that did start up this year? What happened with enrollment? How was the reception there? And 
anecdotally what it could mean to profitability for you? And then just for Eric, capital deployment in the past years has 
been a little bit clearer with some ASRs here. Can you give us a sense absent an ASR? How should we think about the 
cadence of share repurchases maybe over the course of this year? 

<A - Timothy C. Wentworth>: Sure. So I will start, Bob, and thanks for the question. As you may recall, the Diabetes 
Care Value Program is actually going live in just a couple of weeks. We have strong enrollment in that, over 6 million 
lives, I believe, and continuing to grow. As you may recall, that one requires a bit of a plan design change. So that one 
is going to have a ramp-up over the course of a year because there will be some clients that want to put it in place, but 
can't put it in until January of 2018 because of narrowing the retail choices down to a Retail 90 narrow network that's 
providing incremental clinical benefits as well as cost benefits there. 

So that's very, very strong though. And if you think about, again, a mid-year sort of implementation and the clients 
have received that very well. Diabetes has been a big pain point as you know and being able to cap their trends at 
approximately half of what they otherwise would be and guarantee that is meaningful. 

The Inflammatory Conditions Program, we've seen very wide acceptance of that. And I would say that's been easier 
because it doesn't require a plan design change. Health plans have been very attracted to that as well, because again, 
they don't have to go out and do anything as it relates to up-selling their clients. It's simply a better clinical model in 
terms of acknowledging that many of these new patients that start out on these products flip off of them onto another 
product in the first 60 to 90 days and getting a good portion of that money back is just -- it's like finding dollar bills on 
the ground for our clients and they love the fact that we're finding them and going out and creating them for them. So 
strong up sell of both of those. Obviously the core programs continue to – they've had very strong continued 
enrollment. And so we view that as, again, a long-term chassis to build in a number of other things over the next 


several years as we look across other therapies. 

For example, we know PCSK9s are about to come out with potentially some data from Amgen that could enlarge that 
patient population. And so we are actively re-looking at our Cardiovascular Care Value Program to put out 2.0 as it 
relates to those products. And in all these cases, the way that it benefits us is, first of all, lowering our client trends is 
how we get to 98% retention rates and it's how we win new business. But also to the extent that these clients use our 
channels whether that's our Retail 90 channels, our mail channel, our Accredo specialty to underpin those guarantees, 
then we are benefited by serving those patients directly. 

In terms of the second part of your question, I'll turn that over to Eric to answer. 

<A - Eric R. Slusser>: Yeah, Bob. So on capital deployment, as we talked about on the December call when we gave 
guidance, our plan assumes for the most part ratable purchases throughout the year. And as we've always indicated, it 
will be based on cash flow excluding any capital expenditures and hopefully anything that might be used on M&A. 
Other than that, the plan would be to deploy it all for share repurchases. At this point, our plan is to be back in the 
market when the blackout period clears at the end of this month. At this point, the plan is to do both the open market 
purchases similar to what we did in the fourth quarter, and also most likely use a Form 10b5-1 plan that will allow us to 
continue to purchase during the blackout periods. We haven't ruled out ASR later in the year, but at this point we're 
going to stick to the open market and 10b5-1 approach and we believe we can achieve our expected results through 
those means. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Eric Percher from Barclays. Sir, your line is now open. 

<Q - Eric Percher>: Thank you. I'll continue on the financial questions. So the guidance for next year on SG&A, $1.9 
billion, you're stepping off the base of $1.859 billion for this year. It looks like quite a bit of the decline we saw over 
the last 12 months was D&A based and I know you spoke to that. As we try to balance what was lower incentive comp 
and the project spend, that depreciation amount, I think we have an offset in incentives for SafeGuards that you talked 
about in the first half of the year. Could you give us a little bit of guidance in terms of seasonality and maybe as you 
look at $1.9 billion for next year, how does that look to you relative to what you think the normalized growth rate out 
of this quarter is? 

<A - Eric R. Slusser>: Yeah. Let me – Eric, thanks for the question. Let me kind of bridge. So, if you think about the 
adjusted rate, and you gave it, of $1.859 billion and I talked about the incentives and the project spend that's lowered, 
that's somewhere between probably $60 million to $65 million of impact that we'll return. So if you add that back, you 
get to that $1.920 billion, $1.925 billion. The depreciation impact that's going to go up just because of in-servicing that 
I talked about is probably around $25 million. 

So if you take all that and kind of get to a pro forma for 2016, we're going to be flat to slightly down even off of that 
rate. And the other thing I'll remind you is, each year in SG&A we start out with about a 6.0% to 7.0% increase driven 
by wages, lease increases, contract increases, consultant increases and just things in there that are impacted by business 
growth. 

So, that $1.9 billion number not only comes off of the 2016 trend, but also mitigates all of that otherwise increase that 
we face every year. So we're very pleased with the $1.9 billion, but as you know, we are always SG&A focused. We'll 
continue to be throughout the year. As far as the quarters, most of the downward trend was late third quarter and fourth 
quarter as we talked about. I would expect trends to be similar quarter-to-quarter as you saw in previous years, even 
though we're not going to guide to quarterly SG&A. 

<Q - Eric Percher>: Okay. And maybe relative to the on-boarding season that unique expense that you carried in the 
first half of last year, is there a similar expense for getting programs like the diabetes program up and running or was 


that unique last year? 

<A - Eric R. Slusser>: Well, some of the incentive we had was unique to last year that won't repeat. But we do have 
higher cost earlier in the year as we on-board for all of the 1/1 activities and everything else. So, you'd expect to see 
higher levels in the first half versus the second half. 

<Q - Eric Percher>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Garen Sarafian from Citi Research. Ma'am, your line is now open. 

<Q - Garen Sarafian>: Good morning, Tim and Eric. I appreciate the color on the percentage of rebates retained, Tim. 
So just to follow up on those. Given how this term has been misused in let's say the past year or two, how has your 
view evolved in terms of where you'd like the optimal mix to be, the pass-through versus portion you keep to 
effectively align the company with your clients? 

And I guess related to that, you mentioned some of – the different options that clients have, but how have their views 
changed in terms of constructing contracts with 100% pass-through versus focusing on other aspects of pricing. 

<A - Timothy C. Wentworth>: It's a good question and thanks for it. I mean, first of all, listen, at the end of the day, I 
don't have a target, right. So it's not a question of we'd like it to be 15% or we'd like it to be 20% or 0%. My goal is to 
keep clients and aligned to make money when we save them money and rebates are a piece of that. But again, I'd 
frankly rather be paid to dispense generics or to not dispense PCSK9s to patients that shouldn't receive them rather than 
anything else. And so from that standpoint, from a standpoint of where we're at, I like being aligned with clients on 
rebates because they are an important component. I don't like sharing too much because then they'll come back to us 
halfway through. 

So this business has always been a business where you don't want to over-earn and we never have. We make sure that 
we get paid for the work that we do. And I love the study that came out that showed every dollar that a client pays us 
directly or indirectly is worth about $6 to them. Rebates are a piece of that. And if you go back in history, back when 
there was another PBM that existed, that doesn't exist now that used to report rebates, you'd notice that it's actually a 
fairly similar percentage. So I think the market sort of just naturally gravitates this way. 

Now, I can also tell you it does change over time. We have three large health plans where we just began doing rebates 
for them where they were doing it themselves. So they wanted to leverage our scale and our insights, okay. And in all 
cases they wanted to share in the upside with us. And again, I prefer that because I think our model works best when 
we align with clients. 

As to how the contracts have changed, from my standpoint they haven't changed a lot. What you've seen is an 
increasing level of precision, because what happens is clients who have experience in the marketplace more broadly 
and their consultants will sometimes get very, very focused on making sure that we have all rebates sort of swept into 
this. And so we've been very, very precise with our clients and I think evolved very, very well to defining rebates in a 
way that are auditable, that the clients can count on and so forth. 

I think the last piece is probably what clients would tell you if you talk to them is they've pushed us hard to guarantee 
the rebates so that we are on the hook to go out and lower their costs. And we've been willing to take that challenge. 

<Q - Garen Sarafian>: Got it. It's funny, you mentioned the other PBM. We have plotted the rebates retained. And I 
was just trying to envision if we started to plot Express Scripts metric starting from this point forward, sort of what it 
would look like from a couple years from now, but it sounds like... 

<A - Timothy C. Wentworth>: I'll make a prediction, actually. Because I'll tell you, if you look – we looked 
backwards as we were sort of looking at this number. We want to be really thoughtful about putting a number out there. 
It's been quite stable and I would anticipate that it will continue to be quite stable. 


<Q - Garen Sarafian>: Got it. And then maybe a follow-up in the spirit of the transparency conversation. This metric 
gets us partly to what the other firms in the past had shared with us. So is there any consideration still being thought 
through in terms of breaking out specialty or also some high level but still quantifiable sales metrics that we used to 
sort of receive? Are those things still on the table that you guys are, in the near future, going to report out on? 

<A - Timothy C. Wentworth>: What I would tell you, again, obviously today's a fourth quarter last year look back so 
we didn't, and it's early in the selling season, so if we were to move forward with some sort of an incremental sales 
metric, you wouldn't have heard it now anyway. 

And the short answer is, we are absolutely challenging ourselves. I would tell you that breaking out specialty is 
probably less likely. Although, giving you more visibility to may be specialty metrics that we haven't figured out is 
something that we are talking through as well. But specialty is so integrated to our overall business that in the old days 
where I used to work, obviously we had it separate, but it was separate at that point, but more that we integrated the 
more that really didn't actually work I don't think even for investors to understand what was going on. So we are 
challenging ourselves across the piece to give you more visibility into the overall dynamics. 

<Q - Garen Sarafian>: That's very helpful. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from John Kreger from William Blair. Sir, your line is now open. 

<Q - John C. Kreger>: Hi. Thanks very much. Given your success as you guys recently reported in the Drug Trend 
Report about really keeping trend down to a very low level, are you seeing any interest among clients for you to kind of 
go to the next step and give a full broad trend guarantee? 

<A - Timothy C. Wentworth>: So what I would say, and I'm looking across at Dave here who's been with a lot of 
clients lately, I would not say at this point that we've seen a dramatic shift to that. I think it is something that we are 
well-positioned to potentially respond to as the market evolves because, again, we have great confidence in our 
programs and I would point out, while we don't necessarily see clients coming for overall trend guarantees, it's funny, 
what's old may become new because 18 years ago we were doing those at times. 

The thing I know for sure is if you were to see our contracts, particularly with our larger clients where you've got the 
law of large numbers that you can use and large populations in therapeutic classes, we're doing a lot as it relates to 
guaranteeing outcomes of our programs across the board, whether that's our RationalMed program, whether it's our 
Diabetes Care Value Program, whether it's what a Retail 90 program would save incrementally to the share shift from 
30 days, et cetera. Almost everything we bring to a client comes with a guarantee to that client of some sort of an 
outcome, either clinical or cost and in the best world, both. And so in that perspective we think, again, as we work with 
manufacturers to get to more value-based contracting and being able to bring incrementally even at the product level 
certain level guarantees, and we have a lung cancer drug now that if you drop-off in the first 60 days I believe, you get 
your money back. And so that's a drug level guarantee. So we're working every dimension of it we possibly can to help 
give our clients incremental cost certainty. 

<Q - John C. Kreger>: Great, thanks. And then a second one, can you give us an update on the National Preferred 
Formulary. I think in the past that's been about 25 million numbers. Is that still about the right level or are you seeing 
participation among your clients grow? 

<A - Timothy C. Wentworth>: I have sitting next to me here Everett Neville who is responsible for our supply chain 
and our specialty business and I will actually let him answer your question. 

<A - Everett Neville>: Good morning. Yeah, it's very stable. It's around 25 million lives, very similar to last year. 

<Q - John C. Kreger>: Great. Thank you. 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Jones from Goldman Sachs. Sir, your line is now open. 

<Q - Robert Patrick Jones>: Great. Actually just that Everett's there may be a follow-up question on the supply chain. 
I know you've been asked this question in the past, but I'm curious if there's any update around your distribution 
contract. Just, I think it's up this year, when should we expect to hear about a renewal decision and then any updated 
thoughts on whether or not you still feel you're fully leveraging your generic purchasing scale? 

<A - Everett Neville>: So I'm going to give you an answer you probably expect. We remain in conversations. The 
conversations are productive. You should expect an announcement that we've renewed or haven't renewed when that 
actually occurs. That has not occurred at this point. As far as leveraging on the generics, we currently feel well 
leveraged, but that is something we evaluate constantly, at least every year. 

<Q - Robert Patrick Jones>: Okay. Great. And then, Tim, I guess just to follow-up on the 2018 selling season line of 
questions. It sounds like not an out-sized year from a renewal perspective on a dollar amount. But could you talk a little 
bit about the configuration of what within your book is up for renewal this year? I think based on what we track it 
seems like you might have a few larger health plans up this year. I guess is that fair? And then any early thoughts on 
the renewal process around those important health plan clients? 

<A - Timothy C. Wentworth>: Sure. No, I would say actually – and we've – as you can imagine, those often get 
tacked down far in advance because to contemplate making a change requires more than the three or four months that 
you can move most other large employers, for example. And so I would say it's not at all outsized on any one of those. 
And I would also say that we've seen a little bit of – given the uncertainty around ACA and other things, we've seen in 
our book, and I suspect we may see it in the marketplace generally, the movement level will probably be lower, our 
plans wanting to extend. We're using the opportunity to help our plans to extend their contract with us over a longer 
period of time. So early renewing those plans and so forth has kind of kept them spread out. You may not have tracked 
some of that in your data. So, no bias toward a large health plan renewal. We have important health plans that we're 
going to renew this year, let me be clear. Or that we have already renewed and those are really important relationships 
to us, but there's not a disproportionate share of them this year up. 

<Q - Robert Patrick Jones>: Got it. That's helpful. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Tanquilut from Jefferies. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Brian Gil Tanquilut>: Hey, good morning. Tim, just to follow up again on the same line of questioning. 
Obviously it's what your clients view or clients think that matter the most. So what's the feedback so far from the 
consultant community in terms of all the discussions we're hearing on pricing and in terms of, also like how deeply do 
they understand the moving parts and understand the value that you bring to the table and how the discussion really is 
on net price and all these other things that you just mentioned? 

<A - Timothy C. Wentworth>: I would tell you that – thanks for the question. I would tell you that that's the strange 
thing. I was asked by somebody recently, so how much are you having to talk your clients through some of the headline 
stuff. And the answer is, listen, the headline risk to your constituency investors in our company is what we're very 
concerned about because the facts just aren't getting out. I will tell you the great good news. 

Again, it manifests itself in a good selling season last year, manifests itself in extraordinarily high retention, manifests 
itself in a very high satisfaction on our client surveys, is that this is not by and large a client issue. It's not to say clients 
don't force us to compete. They force us to compete. But I can tell you that the client conversations move very quickly 
to their spend, their trend, the programs they're in, the recommendations and ideas that we have for them, and there is 
just not time spent on sort of this debate. 


Now, the folks will want to know, where do you think ACA is going? You know particularly our health plans; 
obviously we work very closely with them and their strategic planning. But the great good news is that our clients – and 
again, our Drug Trend Report last week was proof of it. We'll have our Drug Trend Report out in another month for our 
regulated business, our Med-D business and so forth, Medicaid. Again, I think what you'll see is we're getting results 
for our clients. So the conversation stays very focused on what we can do for them. 

<Q - Brian Gil Tanquilut>: Got it. And then the last question for me. As we think about the guarantees that you're 
putting out there, whether it's diabetes and other therapies, how many more buckets of therapies do you think we can 
roll this out to over the next few years or maybe the point of asking that is how quickly can you ramp this up so that we 
can give more guaranteed programs to the client base? 

<A - Timothy C. Wentworth>: So our rate limiters are two things. Our creativity and having pharma willing to 
support their products and to come forward in creative ways or to respond to our creative ideas as it relates to that. 
From that standpoint, I think over the next four, five years, first of all, again, the PCSK9 is a great example, our 
cardiovascular program is going to be completely invented. And it may get reinvented again as the market changes and 
all of these programs will be adaptive over time. So they're not sort of static and then you don't work them. 

We know that in 2018 we have two additional areas. We haven't talked about which ones yet. We're still working with 
manufacturers and retailers to again, each one has a unique set of attributes that you then leverage. We have to leverage 
the specific dynamics and opportunities in a class we look forward so that we can think about how we manage that 
class over the longer term based on what we know is either happening or going to happen. And so, again, we see this as 
a great chassis and a great long-term runway for us in terms of how we contract with manufacturers, how we contracted 
retailers and ultimately how we help our clients get cost certainty. 

But again to answer your question directly, two of them in 2018, incrementally and beyond that, we've got several other 
ideas. 

<Q - Brian Gil Tanquilut>: Awesome. Thanks, Tim. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Ricky Goldwasser from Morgan Stanley. Sir, your line is now open. 

<Q - Ricky R. Goldwasser>: Yeah. Hi. Good morning. So Tim, a question for you. With the health plan no longer on 
the table, how does that impact your strategic thinking? And would you add a health plan to your portfolio of assets? 
Would that make sense? 

<A - Timothy C. Wentworth>: Good morning, Ricky and thanks for the question. So first of all, the first place that 
my head turns as it relates to the dynamics with the health plan sort of mergers that didn't happen is how can I help my 
clients stay focused and compete because obviously there's a lot of disruption going on now with the big four players, 
four of the big five players I guess. One of those is our client, Anthem, so I want to help them win and stay focused and 
have a great pharmacy program. 

But then we've got a large book of health plans that I equally want to help have step in to the breach, offer certainty, 
offer focus, offer great pharmacy program and compete really effectively. So that's, but the starting point is I'd like to 
grow our existing health plan book of business by virtue of kind of harnessing the uncertainty that may exist with some 
of the other players as they sort of work through the last stages of their mergers dissolving. 

In terms of the other question you asked, you obviously – you wouldn't expect me to comment very much. We like the 
business that we're in. We like very much the job that we do for health plans. We think that a number of the health 
plans who sort of we're going to get together that aren't are going to need help. We help health plans a lot of different 
ways. But again, I start with wanting to help Anthem grow their business and so forth and help our captive health plans 
grow their footprint and their credibility in their markets. 


<Q - Ricky R. Goldwasser>: So when we think about the Anthem contract, I mean, obviously Anthem made some 
remarks in their conference call. So what's your latest thinking there and do you anticipate to be included in the initial 
RFP? 

<A - Timothy C. Wentworth>: Sure. So, our thinking there is Anthem is going through what I would have expected 
Anthem to go through absent the lawsuit or anything else, which is they're looking at the marketplace to determine 
what is the state of play in terms of services that a PBM provides to make sure that to the extent that we have the 
opportunity to sit down with them they've got some context. And so their RFP is out as we expected it would be. It's 
very heavily weighted toward understanding capabilities and guarantees and those sorts of things as well as pricing. 

And the way I think about that is that we welcome the opportunity to sit down once they've done that and the good 
news is they know our capabilities, they know the 1/1 we just delivered for them. They know the results that we've 
been able to achieve in helping them install Amerigroup. They know what we've been able to do as they've narrowed 
certain programs and used our tools. And so from our standpoint, I think that we stand very, very well positioned when 
they're ready to come and have a conversation about moving forward to the extent that happens. 

<Q - Ricky R. Goldwasser>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from George Hill from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open. 

<Q - George R. Hill>: Hey, good morning, Tim and team. Thanks for taking the question. I guess, Tim first on that 
89% figure, the rebate share figure that you gave, does that include the fees in people who've preferred to take a 
structure as opposed to a rebate share or should we think of that number as conservative because there are people who 
are taking fees or some other type of payment that's not included in the 89% figure. 

<A - Timothy C. Wentworth>: Well, what I'd tell you is rebates are really precisely defined and they are obviously 
negotiated hard. So if I understand your question, what I would say is, it is all rebate, all things that are governed 
around either market share movement or inclusion in a formulary and so forth. Now we certainly have things that we 
do that are governed by fair market pricing where we're paid to do a particular report or service and so forth for certain 
things. Those are relatively small, but those are not attributable to rebates. And so the 89% number is an all-in number. 

<Q - George R. Hill>: Okay. And then you kind of led down where my follow-up was going to go which is, how do I 
think about the shift away from rebate share to other fees and services charged by Express Scripts to clients? And I 
guess kind of what I want to think about is, can you kind of help us think about how that figure has grown? And like 
how often does Express Scripts get paid for not dispensing a drug, I think about something like a prior off that gets 
denied or where a script doesn't get filled and that would be a pretty profitable piece of business [indiscernible] (53:28) 
pretty quick. So I guess, kind of help me think about the fees and other services parts of the business and its growth as a 
part of the mix and profitability to the degree to which you can? 

<A - Timothy C. Wentworth>: Yeah. It's important to us. And [indiscernible] (53:41) continues to build out our 
clinical programs which we take the clients and do get paid fees for administering and usually guarantee, almost always 
guarantee the outcomes of those, are an important component of how we overall not only provide care, but also how we 
then profitably administer our clients' accounts. And align with our clients through those programs and you're right, 
prior offs and utilization management, Med D has sort of chosen to use prior offs rather than tighter formularies in a lot 
of cases. And so we are paid to administer those programs. As I've said we're paid to, for example, in PCSK9s to 
administer the tests that at least last year, physicians were still learning sort of which patients were appropriate for those 
products. And so we had a large percentage of the patients that should have been on those drugs not get those drugs, get 
more appropriate therapy and we – much less expensive therapy as well. But it was more appropriate and happened to 
be less expensive and we were paid to make those things happen. 

And so from my perspective, again, it's part of the overall way that we work with a client. If we know a client is going 
to take a large basket of our managed approach, then we obviously discount more deeply those things than if they only 


take one of them for example. So we benefit our clients when they work with us more deeply to put those programs in 
place and they're meaningful to the overall value we create. 

<Q - George R. Hill>: Okay. I guess no way to quantify that. That was like a contributor to profit growth or... 

<A - Timothy C. Wentworth>: No, because again, in some respects, we have clients that don't pay us for those 
programs because, for example, they let us keep some rebates. So they would rather share – I am making up – make up 
a number here, but it's pretty consistent. We will have a client who will say you can keep 10% of all the rebates that we 
together create, but I don't want to pay you for the RationalMed program and the Utilization Management Bundle that 
saves a lot of money now. With those clients, we will show them the results of those programs. They will know what 
we were paid by virtue of the rebates that we were to keep, because again, all of that is very transparent with these 
clients and auditable. So, it really does depend on how the individual client wants to work with us and pay us and it's 
not as simple as just breaking that out as a single line of business. 

<Q - George R. Hill>: Okay. I appreciate the color. Thank you. 

<A - Timothy C. Wentworth>: So, we've got time for two more questions, operator. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross Muken from Evercore. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Ross Muken>: Good morning, guys and appreciate some of the incremental color. Tim, you talked about sort of a 
lot of the misinformation in the market and there's a lot of different constituents, whether it be folks in government that 
may not understand this model, folks at pharma with sort of some of their intentions, but the reality is it's brought in the 
investment community a lot of questions of what is the right margin profile, profit profile for this business. I guess as 
you've probably spent a lot of time thinking about this and how to show to us that the relevant savings are driving the 
customers versus the profits you're taking is in sort of the right dynamic. And obviously the market ultimately 
determines the value of what you do. What else have you sort of debated or what other things do you think you could 
share over time or when do you think you may have incremental transparency for us so that as we're looking at your 
profits in the context of what you're doing and the grand scheme of how much you're saving the clients, we can have 
some sort of tieback to say, okay, that's the right margin profile, that's the right profit dollar per script, that's the right 
fee, et cetera because I think that's where a lot of the debate continues to be. 

<A - Timothy C. Wentworth>: And thanks for your question, Ross. It's obviously not an easy question. What I'd say 
is there's an amazing amount of – first of all, you said it. So let me repeat it. We are in one of the most competitive 
businesses I know. And so our clients have great choices besides just us. We're in a competitive business. They have 
terrific choices. They have consultants a lot of the times that sort of add to the mix of evaluating us and ensuring that 
we make and keep meaningful promises to them. And so the market does work here. And I think the satisfaction with 
PBMs is high. If you look at the patients in Med D, satisfaction with PBMs is high and it saved a fortune. So I think 
there's a lot of stuff that you could point to. I point to our operating margin versus a – or our net income versus a 
pharma company's net income kind of stands on its own. No one writes about that. But again, I don't think our business 
over-earns as it relates to that. I look at our drug trend. We're pretty darn transparent as it relates to how we report drug 
trend which, again, for our clients is the result of the work we do. They know what they pay us. They know what they 
get in drug trend. And they can decide whether or not they're getting good value or not. 

But, to your point, we continue to challenge ourselves to say is there something else we can put out there. You heard 
me say 89% today for rebates and the reason that I thought that was important is because I think there was a 
misperception as it relates to sort of that [indiscernible] (58:36). But quite frankly, the real number that matters is 100% 
of the time our clients make the determination. I think the questions that need to be asked frankly need to be asked to 
the drug companies in terms of why they're raising their prices, why they're choosing to use rebates? And so from that 
standpoint, I think that we're not the only ones that should be answering these questions. But I like the fact that we 
create a very competitive marketplace and our ability to manage the supply chain end-to-end is very, very strong and 


our clients get that. 

<Q - Ross Muken>: Maybe just a quick follow-up. Is there any way to help educate the consumer on this because, 
obviously, PBM traditionally you think of as more of a B2B business, although there are obviously B2C elements of it. 
Is there any way in your mind you think particularly around rebates or some of these other items that are more at debate 
that you think you guys can enable tools to help the consumer understand, look, this is what the gross price of the drug 
is, this is where really your out-of-pockets are falling, this is what your employer is paying, something to give them a 
fuller picture than what they see today? 

<A - Timothy C. Wentworth>: That is a great question. And I completely believe that there is a lot we have done 
there but there's more that we are doing there. By the way, it starts with working with our plans because we've had 
rebates at the point of sale for example, for 10 years. And we had less than 20 plans enrolled. But as I pointed out in 
earlier questions, I think our plans are re-looking at all of the dimensions of the plan designs, particularly as these 
integrated deductibles have created some unintended consequences. But helping the member understand that versus 
helping them navigate it are two different things and to your point, now we show our members what the plan pays and 
they pay today for example. They get to see that real-time. 

Our digital and online tools are very strong in terms of showing different choices, both in terms of where they get their 
drug and what drug they're on versus one that would be a lower cost alternative. But I do believe to your point it is the 
place that we've got work to continue to do because by the way, the better job we do helping patients see that and 
participate in it, frankly it will lower our client's cost because those patients will navigate intentionally versus 
unintentionally to better choices. 

<Q - Ross Muken>: Thanks, appreciate it. 

Operator 

Thank you. 

<A - Timothy C. Wentworth>: Final question. 

Operator 

Yes, sir. Our last question comes from Michael Cherny from UBS. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Michael Cherny>: Good morning, guys, and thank you for squeezing me in. A lot of stuff's been asked. I just 
want to go back to one topic I think you touched on, Tim, earlier regarding biosimilars. As you think about your role in 
biosimilars and you mentioned how from a focus point perspective that's something you'd love to see come across the 
market. What can you do as Express Scripts or maybe as PCMA from a lobbying group perspective to further educate 
in terms of the approval process given the new administration. How can you come up and drive some of the discussion 
around biosimilars that they become a broader part of the market versus what they are currently? 

<A - Timothy C. Wentworth>: Yeah, thanks for the question. As I said in my prepared remarks, there are – and I 
didn't put them all there. The things that we're advocating for, but we are strongly both as a company and through 
PCMA, and I appreciate you mentioning them because I should have earlier, we're very engaged leveraging our 
industry association as well as our own large footprint to advocate strongly. 

And I think the most important thing we can do with the – among the most important things we can do with the new 
administration as well as folks at the state level is demonstrate what has been done already as it relates to generics, as it 
relates to creating competition. Because I'll tell you, folks often say, well, the bio-equivalents aren't going to be exactly 
the same as generics, so I don't take that point. 

But even if they behave like a somewhat lower price competitive brand, they open the doors for us to start the spiral of 
price competition that ultimately moves to a very different place over a fairly short period of time, and what we're 


going to focus on doing as we engage with folks isn't just telling them that. It's showing them the case studies. It's 
bringing the voice of the payer into the room because our payers completely get it and understand the opportunity that 
if we can unleash these biosimilars will be created over time, just less than a half a dozen or half a dozen categories if 
you look at current expired patents, there's a ton of head room that we could be creating so that we can continue to have 
innovation that we can afford across our patient population. 

So it is an important role that we're taking to advocate for them. We aren't betting on them. In our 2017 guidance I wish 
I could tell you that there's a strong bioequivalent contributor there and there's not. We're waiting. We've got a couple 
that we know are very close to the edge. But over the next five years, we're going to play a very strong role because it's 
going to help our clients stay in the game and be competitive. 

<Q - Michael Cherny>: Great. 

Timothy C. Wentworth 

With that, I want to thank everybody for – I want to thank everybody for dialing in. We're proud of where we ended 
2016. And again, I've mentioned our employees before. But from that standpoint we could not have hoped for a 
stronger contribution from our 26,000 employees and we all stay focused on our patients this year. We produced the 
result for our shareholders. And as we come into 2017, the unspoken thing about 2017 is you've seen our guidance. We 
have over a percent of EBITDA that is again going away as a result of Coventry and the Catamaran, and the final roll 
off of those two things. 

And so we're again in 2017 very focused on backfilling to those headwinds and performing very, very strong for you, 
our investors, because we know this model over the long term is a model that produces tremendous value for the 
marketplace and it should produce tremendous value for you as well. And we are very focused on that. 

With that... 

Eric R. Slusser 

So just one last comment before we close. I just want to clarify one thing. Our blackout period opens at the end of this 
week in response to one of the questions on capital deployment from Bob Willoughby. I may have indicated end of the 
month, but the blackout period is the end of this week and we'll be back in the market purchasing shares at that time. 

Timothy C. Wentworth 

Absolutely. So thank you all for dialing in. Appreciate it. We'll talk to you next quarter. 

Operator 

Thank you. That concludes today's call. Thank you so much again for your participation. You may disconnect at this 
time. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 


© COPYRIGHT 2017, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


