Q2 2007 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Stu Haas, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations 
• Barry Diller, Chairman and Senior Executive 
• Dara Khosrowshahi, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Michael Adler, Chief Financial Officer 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Expedia Second Quarter 2007 
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded Thursday, August 2, 2007. 

I would now like to turn the conference over to Stu Haas, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. 
Please go ahead sir. 

Stu Haas, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations 

Good morning, and welcome to Expedia Inc.'s financial results conference call for the second quarter, ended June 30, 
2007. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by Barry Diller, Expedia's Chairman and Senior Executive, Dara 
Khosrowshahi, our CEO and President, and Michael Adler, our CFO. The following discussion, including responses to 
your questions, reflects management's views as of today, August 2, 2007 only. 

As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward looking, including our comments on financial 
expectations, operational performance and margins, planned investments and spending, platform improvements, 
systems upgrades, growth of business lines, financial performance, and dilution. Actual results may differ materially. 
We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information to reflect future events or circumstances. 

Please refer to today's press release and the company's filings with the SEC, including our Form 10-K for the year 
ended December 31, 2006 for additional information about factors that could potentially affect our financial and 
operational results. During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, including OIBA, operating 
expenses, excluding stock-based compensation, free cash flow, adjusted net income, and adjusted EPS. 

In our press release, which is posted on the company's IR website at www.expediainc.com/IR, you will find additional 
disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with the most comparable 
GAAP measures. 

Finally, unless otherwise stated, all references to gross margin, selling and marketing expense, general and 
administrative expense, and technology and content expense exclude stock based compensation. And all comparisons 
in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2006. And with that, let me turn the call over to 
Barry. 

Barry Diller, Chairman and Senior Executive 

Thanks, Stu, and good morning everyone. We are going to switch the order up today because I wanted to provide some 
color on the recent reductions in the size of the tender offer. While we certainly would have preferred to bring in more 


stock, we just weren't willing to do so at financing terms that we found unacceptable. Specifically, the deterioration in 
the bank-loan credit market since we announced the tender, resulted in rate spreads and restricted covenants which we 
felt didn't reflect Expedia's liquidity, cash-flow generation and its growth prospects. 

What hasn't changed since we announced the tender is the company's desire to aggressively pursue every means to 
create value for our shareholders, obviously including share repurchases. You all do know, I think, that since May '06, 
we've repurchased about 50 million shares. If the maximum of the 25 million shares in the tender offer come through, 
we'll have retired 75 million shares in little over a year, about 20% of our share count. 

And we are going to be net buyers of our shares over the long-term. And I want to also remind everyone that, in 
addition to the tender, we have got 20 million share purchase authorization that remains outstanding. We continue to 
believe that additional leverage makes sense for Expedia. In absence of extraneous reasons, if the credit markets do 
become more hospitable, you should expect us to raise additional debt, including debt to repurchase shares. 

Our financial policy, as we've clearly demonstrated, is that we are willing to add leverage which would take us well 
above our long-term goal of net debt to EBITDA of two or three times. Of course, we are going to want to reduce 
leverage consistent with our long-term goals as quickly as we could. In addition, we generally expect Expedia to 
maintain liquidity of $1 billion. Unfortunately, at least from the way I look at it, this eventfulness of the past couple of 
weeks has overshadowed the progress that's been unfolding at Expedia, progress which Dara and his team have been, 
with increasingly expertise, been driving for over two years now. 

Dara and Mike are going to cover this quarter's particulars, and I'm not going to preempt that. But just as we said 2006 
was going to be a rough year, and it was, we told you 2007 was going to be a better, more stable year. And it has been 
that. The challenge for the future, which everyone at the company embraces, is to build a company with sustainable 
growth prospects in this hypercompetitive, increasingly global environment, and to extend our leadership into every 
area of travel that makes sense. 

I really don't think it's hyperbole to say that no company is better positioned in travel than Expedia, whether you are 
talking brands, global reach, product breadth, management talent, supply relationships, technology investments, 
bookings growth or margins. Expedia is simply the clear leader in online travel and we are going to push our advantage 
everywhere. 

So with that, Dara, do your stuff. 

Dara Khosrowshahi, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks Barry, and thank you to everyone for making the time to join us on the call. As you can see from our results 
released earlier this morning, this was another solid quarter for Expedia. We reported transactions and bookings growth 
of 14%, our highest rate of growth since the fourth quarter of 2005. Revenue growth was also strong at 15%, as revenue 
margins expanded modestly for a second straight quarter. 

And our primary operating metric, operating income before amortization, grew 2% to a record $187 million. I'm also 
pleased to report that the company's geographic diversification continues, with international bookings reaching 29% of 
total bookings, up from 24% last Q2. And in Europe, segment bookings growth accelerated to 38%, and we achieved 
our second straight quarter of 1 billion plus bookings. 

Our goal as a management team is to optimize cash flow over the long-term, while efficiently managing dilution. And 
to that end, on a trailing 12-month basis, with controls for the seasonality in our merchant hotel business, Expedia's free 
cash flow was $734 million. And our diluted share count for Q2 was down 11% year-over-year, reflecting our share 
repurchases and measured granting of equity awards. 

Our Partner Services Group was a real highlight in Q2, continuing to gain momentum in building the world's most 
compelling assortment of travel products and services. 


On the air side of the house, we are in a much more stable situation today than we were a year ago. Since then, we've 
reached multi-year agreements with nine of the top ten domestic carriers, including all the majors. We've increased 
selection for travelers with the addition of full content from JetBlue, AirTran, Frontier and ExpressJet. And we now 
have the ability to flow segments through three GDS providers under long-term contracts. 

In addition to securing long-term and diversified content for our travelers, we now expect our worldwide air revenue 
per ticket will be steady as we move towards the back half of this year, with flattish year-over-year comparables, 
beginning Q1 '08, on the non-booking fee portion of our compensation. This is great, great work from PSG. 

In lodging, PSG's been busy expanding our selection of merchant hotel properties, which now number over 34,000, 
including over 12,000 in Europe, which grew nearly 20% from Q2 '06. Combined with our GDS agency hotels, we now 
offer travelers over 75,000 total properties to choose from. I'm also pleased to report that Wyndham, one of our large 
chain deals up for renewal this year, has now been signed through 2010. 

The good news on the hotel front is that based on everything we know thus far, we believe economics will remain 
largely similar to what we achieved in the last round of major negotiations in the second half of 2005. As our 
year-to-date results demonstrate, hotel margins have largely stabilized here in 2007, in keeping with our expectations. 
The first half of this year, hotel raw margins were up modestly, due partly to an ECQ on comp. Similarly, we expect 
modest year-on-year changes through the year on into 2008, based on our hotel discussions to date. 

Stabilization and supplier economics is beneficial on many fronts, but perhaps the most important front is evolving the 
supplier dialog from "How do we divide the pie on each transaction?" to "How we can work better together towards 
generating incremental volume for both parties?" To that end, our summer sale promotion was a great success, and our 
acceleration of room night growth for 10% is an indication that we are making real progress in that evolution. 

I've said on the past couple of calls that our top priority in 2007 is turning the tide at Expedia.com, and I'm very pleased 
to say that the early signs of renewal we saw in March, and into early Q2, continued throughout the quarter. We 
finished Q2 with solid, positive year-on-year growth, and transactions at Expedia.com will strengthen both the hotel 
and air business at our flagship. 

Within airfares decreasing year-on-year for the first time since Q4 of '04 certainly helped our cause. More importantly 
though, we saw stronger execution across a wide front from our new leadership team, emphasizing more data driven, 
streamlined decision making, increased heft in our marketing campaigns with stronger, creative and improved 
coordination between supply and retail, an expanded air carrier roster, for my earlier comments, better site performance 
and growth in our telesales business. 

While I'm pleased with the progress to date at Expedia.com, our team is clear that we still have real opportunities to 
improve the website and our travelers' experience, wherever and whenever they choose to interact with us. We realize 
that some of our success in '07 could be attributed to easier comps versus 2006, and that the really important timeframe 
is 2008 and beyond. 

In our minds, building a sustainable growth trajectory, while reducing our reliance on recurring ads spent to draw top 
line is the key challenge for Expedia.com, and our company in general. 

I want to touch real briefly on the other pieces of our brand portfolio, starting with our international points of sale, 
which had another strong quarter. European bookings were up 38%, and Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, and 
Hotels.com Europe again posted growth in excess of 50%. 

Foreign exchange was a tailwind yet again this quarter. But even on an FX adjusted basis, we saw an acceleration in 
growth from 22% in Q1 to 30% in Q2. As with Expedia.com, aggressive marketing spent played a significant role in 
our European growth this quarter. While some of the increased spent reflected tough comp in Q2 '06 due to the World 
Cup, more was due to strong proactive growth and spend in light of the attractive opportunity we see in the European 
marketplace. And while we did see reduced efficiencies in some countries this quarter, we are not going to be taking 
our foot off the gas in Europe, and you should expect to see us continue with heavy marketing spend, while 
simultaneously working to improve the value proposition we do ever to travelers all across Europe. 


TripAdvisor continues growing the world's leading online travel community. During Q2, Trip launched functionalities 
to enable with five million plus members, to build a more personalized travel network, allowing travelers to discover 
not just what millions of travelers worldwide think about hotels, restaurants and definition, but also what their friends 
have to say. 

I'm also happy to say that the new acquisitions in this area, especially SmarterTravel, are exceeding our performance 
expectations. 

ECT group bookings, over 20%, added more than 100 million in new business for a third straight quarter and launched 
its newest geography in Italy. 

Classic Vacations further cemented its position as the leading luxury wholesaler for travel agents by reestablishing a 
preferred supplier relationship with Virtuoso, the leading luxury travel network. 

Hotels.com had a nice reacceleration and bookings growth in Q2 to 12%, with our U.S. point of sale seeing benefit 
from a gas rebate promotion and our guest booking functionality, which allows travelers to purchase from hotels 
without the hassle of creating an account. 

We were also more aggressive in online marketing which drove some of our top line growth, and we expect to continue 
doing so going forward in the second half. 

Hotwire continues to excel in almost every part of their business, with revenue growth exceeding 50% and Hotwire's 
contribution to our overall profitability more than doubled year-on-year, despite increased marketing costs from our 
Orbit relationship, and increased brand spent this quarter. 

I do want to point out that both Hotels.com and Hotwire recently took action to reduce barriers to booking for our 
travelers. In the case of Hotels.com, we removed, changed, and canceled fees charged on top of any supplier change 
fees. And in Hotwire's case, we eliminated booking fees on air travel, both hotel and retail, on a promotional basis. 
We've been pleased with travelers' response to these actions thus far. And more broadly, we believe that these tactics 
are consistent with our Thank You loyalty program, our offline telesales business, and our fee actions that we told you 
about in Europe. We're going to continue working hard to remove purchase barriers, where it makes sense for both 
travelers and long-term shareholder value. 

Last quarter, we began talking in more detail about our media business, and I wanted to give a brief update on that 
front. In Q2, our global advertising and media revenue grew 97% to 44 million. And on an organic basis, growth was 
again over 50%. Since Q1 results, many investors have inquired as to the size of the opportunity for Expedia in media. 
While according to Advertising Age, in 2006, airlines, hotels, and car rental companies spent over $5 billion on all 
media, with less than 10% of that occurring on the internet. 

With overall online advertising forecasted to grow approximately 20 to 25% over the next few years, that makes for a 
significant opportunity for companies like TripAdvisor and SmarterTravel that are well positioned to capture the 
increased penetration of online travel advertising dollars. 

We're also strong believers that our transaction sites, such as Expedia.com, are well positioned to capture not just 
traveler advertising dollars, but also non-travel advertising dollars, given a strong income and education demographic, a 
differentiated content, and a longer term ability to target media spent based on traveler shopping and purchase history. 

We have several exciting initiatives on the horizon in 2007 and beyond for our global media businesses and we look 
forward to updating you on our operational and financial progress in quarters to come. 

In closing, Q2 was a great step in the right direction for Expedia Inc. We're encouraged by growth across our portfolio 
and in nearly all our brands, and nearly all geographies. The early signs of growth that we saw late in Q1 at 
Expedia.com have continued into Q2 and our international and media businesses are becoming more meaningful parts 
of our story with each passing quarter. 


With the supply picture meaningfully stabilized, Expedia and our investors now have a much better visibility into 
revenue margin dynamics going forward. And we're seeing leverage at a gross margin level, thanks to our Apollo 
savings program. 

Finally, our historical and prospective share repurchase activity, enable long-term equity holders to enjoy a larger piece 
of this growing pie at a lower cost of capital. Mike? 

Michael Adler, Chief Financial Officer 

Great. Thanks, Dara. Good morning everyone. I'd like to provide you with a review of our results and close with our 
updated financial expectations for 2007. 

Worldwide gross bookings were up 14% during the quarter, fueled by 38% growth in Europe and 8% in North 
America. This reacceleration in North America growth, builds on the strength Dara mentioned at Expedia.com. But 
also reflects broad success across the brand portfolio, specifically at Hotels.com and Hotwire, where despite the 
continued pressure on merchant air, we grew bookings 27% and Hotwire's transactions exceeded 1 million for the first 
time in its history. 

We still have a lot of work ahead in North America, but we are encouraged by the improved growth profile at our 
major brands in Q2. While bookings growth has historically exceeded transaction growth, due to rise in travel prices, 
this quarter the two metrics move more in tandem, as we saw, airfares actually declined year-on-year, while hotel ADR 
growth moderated. Should airfares remain under pressure, we could see these diversions continue in the second half. 

Revenue increased 15%, lead by 14% growth in our merchant hotel revenue, 97% growth in advertising and media and 
revenue, and nearly 70% growth in standalone care rental. This progress more than offset 7% decline in air revenue. 
We're obviously not happy with declining air revenue, but we are pleased that the rate of decline has decelerated 
markedly based on stronger ticket volumes. 

Hotel revenue was driven by room night growth of 10%, fueled by strong growth at Expedia.com and Hotwire, both of 
which benefited from 5% ADR growth, albeit, a slower growth rate than in recent quarters. 

Package revenue grew only 1% in Q2. As in prior quarters, the growth challenge is North America specific. As 
European package revenue was up 18% for its second straight quarter. Our package business continues to be negatively 
impacted by less than desired availability of merchant air product to key destinations. 

Worldwide revenue margin increased 10 basis points, with North America up 34 points and Europe down 85 points. 
North America's rev margin again benefited from an increased mix of advertising and media revenue, more than 
offsetting a significant decline in air margins and a less significant decline in hotel margins. 

In Europe, we saw pressure in air and hotel margins as well, but in addition, we saw the impact of air booking fee 
reductions. The addition of Ryanair as an affiliate, which drove some booking activity in Q2, for which we won't 
recognize revenue until Q3, and more competitive pricing in merchant hotel. 

Gross margin improved 47 basis points year-on-year, due to savings from our Apollo productivity and cost initiatives 
and an increased mix of advertising revenue, which together offset the impact from the decrease in air revenue per 
ticket. We estimate Apollo is now driving over $50 million in annual cost savings for Expedia, exceeding our 
previously stated goal. And we believe there may be further opportunities to leverage gross margin going forward, 
particularly in Europe. 

On the operating expense side of things, technology and content expense was fairly flat to what we saw in Q1 at 38 
million but was up 27% year-on-year as the capitalized software we began running through the P&L in late 2006 
continued into Q2. There were some timing issues which reduced Q2's expense and we expect growth rates in 
year-on-year techno-content in the back half of the year to be greater than what we saw in the first half. We also 
continue to expect to see techno-content grow faster than revenue in 2007 and 2008. 


G&A was 69 million, up 10% year-on-year, as we added staff and IT and continued to build out our European 
operations team. We expect to leverage G&A for the full-year 2007, but we will see growth greater than revenue in Q3 
in G&A, since Q3 '06 G&A was light by a few million dollars from some compensation expense reductions we don't 
expect to recur this year. 

Selling and marketing grew 30% in Q2 and was the primary reason we saw OIBA margin degradation this quarter 
despite our revenue and gross margin improvements. In light of this, I want to spend some time detailing what drove 
that year-on-year growth. As we have consistently indicated, Q2 '06 was going to be a tough comp from a selling and 
marketing and in turn OIBA perspective. As last year we moved marketing spend from Q2 to Q3 in Europe, due to the 
World Cup last Q2. In addition, we reduced brand spend at Expedia.com, in part due to a poorly performing campaign 
which we did not do this Q2, in light of the improved performance of the business and our desire to fully support our 
successful 'Summers on Sale'. 

We also have a couple of new areas of marketing spend in this Q2 that were incremental to the last year. Specifically 
our Ryanair deal in Europe and our ThankYou program here at Expedia.com. While these programs do generate 
incremental revenue, they are not as efficient as some of our other marketing channels. 

Beyond these factors, we did aggressively increase marketing spend in Europe particularly in online channels to both 
grow our newer markets and in response to the competitive environment. We have seen a fair degree of keyword 
inflation on search engine marketing in both Europe and domestically, which is negatively impacting our marketing 
efficiencies. Hotwire spend was also up strongly year-on-year as we supported our Orbitz partnership. 

We continue to expect absolute selling and marketing expense to increase in '07, driven in part by increased advertising 
for Expedia.com as we support the brand throughout the year as opposed to our front-end loaded approach last year. 
And as Dara mentioned, we plan to continue spending aggressively in Europe in the second half including brand spend 
at a number of European points of sale. 

We anticipate selling and marketing expense overall in the second half will grow at rates similar to what we saw in Q2 
and therefore expect that it will increase as a percentage of revenue for full-year '07. CapEx in the quarter was $21 
million, essentially flat to the prior year. This is consistent with our decision last quarter to reallocate some planned 
spend from the first-half of '07 to the back-half. So expect to see year-on-year increases in Q3 and Q4 CapEx. 

On the bottom line, we delivered Q2 OIBA of $187 million, up 2% year-on-year reflecting 15% revenue growth and 
gross margin improvement, partially offset by de-leverage in operating expenses excluding stock based compensation. 
Adjusted net income per share for the quarter was $0.35 with lower share counts from repurchase activity offsetting 
lower adjusted net income due in large part to the interest expense associated with our senior notes. 

I will close with our updated expectations for full-year '07. With first half OIBA up 7%, we now expect OIBA for 
full-year '07 will grow in the high single-digits with second-half growth slightly higher than the first-half. Given our 
results today and the stability we have achieved on the supply side of the house, we also expect revenue margins will be 
flat to slightly positive in 2007. While gross margins are likely to improve for the full-year, we also continue to expect 
double-digit increases in total operating expenses. Our expectations for '07 assume FX rates remain where they've been 
recently which would imply less benefit for our internationally based operations as we move deeper into the year. We 
now expect CapEx to increase up to 10% in '07 with similar growth in '08. 

I also want to reemphasize that while we will begin leveraging our new platform in enterprise data warehouse in '07, 
the financial expectations I just outlined assume no material impact from these initiatives. As it relates to free cash 
flow, given our revised OIBA expectations for the year, and our positive working capital benefit to date, we think that 
free cash flow for the year is likely to increase compared to our prior expectation of a flattish year. I do want to remind 
the investors that we expect to see negative free cash flow in the back-half of the year as we did last year due to 
traditional payments to merchant hoteliers for summer stays and payment of cash taxes which we expect to be $150 
million or less for the year. In addition, we have a $30 million payment from Microsoft related to an historical tax 
sharing agreement which will reduce cash flow from operations in the second-half as well. 


I want to thank everyone for your time today and for your continued interest in Expedia. I'll now turn the call back to 
Stu to get us started on Q&A. 

Stu Haas, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations 

Thanks Mike. Let's move on to the Q&A portion of the call with Barry, Dara and Mike. As a reminder, please limit 
yourselves to one or two questions so we can fit more questioners into the call today. 

Operator, would you please remind our listeners how to ask a question. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you, Stu. [Operator instructions]. Our first question today comes from Imran Khan from JPMorgan. Please go 
ahead. 

<Q - Imran Khan>: -Yes hi, thank you for taking my questions. Two questions. First your U.S. revenue growth rate 
accelerated despite difficult comp and as we came into the second half of this year and the comps get easier. How 
should we think about the U.S. gross bookings growth? And do you think that you are gaining back some market share 
both in the U.S. and international market? Thank you. 

<A - Barry Diller>: Sure, Imran on the U.S. gross bookings growth, I think that the easier comps really started in Q2 
moving forward through the year. Q1 was a decent quarter for us last year as far as gross bookings growth, and then 
you saw gross bookings growth in the U.S. slow down in Q2 and beyond. Now, it's hard to tell while you're in the 
middle of a year, but we think that it's a combination of really, really good execution across the board in our various 

U.S. brands and easier comps have something to do with it. 
So, for example, I think that Hotels.com in the U.S. on balance will have easier comps in the second half of the year 
than they had in the first half of the year. And certain European markets, we'll have more difficult comps because in the 
second half of the year was when we took down booking fees which helped European gross bookings and we're going 
to be lapping those decreases in booking fees. 

So, when you put it all together, I would say that on a gross booking basis probably the back half for the year has 
maybe slightly easier comps on a gross booking level, and maybe slightly harder comps on profitability level. But what 
we're really focused on is what we're executing on right now and what we can do to improve our operations today 
rather than being totally focused on comps. 

On share, U.S. and international, it is tough to tell, especially in the U.S., because a number of our competitors have 
gone private. Orbitz has now gone public, you know, judging from some data that they have in the S-1, they certainly 
suggested that their U.S. growth rates are slowing down fairly significantly, but we don't know when they're going to 
announce their Q2 so it'll be a wait and see as to how we're doing on share. So I don't know if we're gaining share, but 
I'd say our relative share position in the U.S. is certainly improving. 

And in Europe, Priceline is a tough competitor and every single quarter they seem to come out with better results than 
we expect and the street expects, so that's what I'm expecting from them this quarter. I'm really happy with the way that 
we're executing in Europe. It feels like we're taking share, and I'm hoping to be able to increase share going forward, 
but again, the data is not that dependable, so we're pretty focused on what we're doing internally. And what I'm happy 
about in Europe is that, with that with FX and XFX our growth rates are accelerating, so that's a pretty good sign. 

<Q - Imran Khan>: -Okay, thank you for taking my questions. Good quarter. 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Anmuth from Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Douglas Anmuth>: Thank you, two questions. You talked about the supply picture materially stabilizing, going 
forward, and you mentioned the Wyndham deal. Can you give us an update on the other outstanding hotel deals I think 
MGM, Starwood, and Hilton? And then secondly, can you also reconcile – you mentioned 50% growth in revenue at 
Hotwire, but also continued challenges in merchant air and packaging. Can you sort of reconcile those two things? 
Thank you. 

<A - Dara Khosrowshahi>: Yeah, on the supply side, the three brands that you mentioned are partners that we're 
having discussions with. I don't want to – we don't comment on specific deals and I don't necessarily want to comment 
on specific discussions other than saying, we're hopeful. We're having good constructive dialogues with them. We're 
talking with them about how we can partner up with them and how we can add value from a long-term basis, and 
certainly the momentum that you see our business helps. 

I think that our partners see that we are a better partner in general and we're investing – marketing dollars, we're 
investing in technology, we're investing in people to grow this business from a long-term perspective across broad 
brands and broad geographies. So that really, really helps when we enter into discussions with them because they know 
that we're going to be a bigger partner for them, three years from now than we are today. So all I can say about those 
discussions are, we're cautiously optimistic; hopefully they won't go sideways and hopefully we'll have good news to 
tell you, and I think our track record has been pretty good. 

On the Hotwire side versus the merchant hotel business or – I think it was the package business, you know, Hotwire is 
just executing really, really well and we're seeing significant strength for them on the hotel side of the business and 
especially on the car side of the business. So the air side of the business with Hotwire is more difficult and I think that 
they are executing uphill quite effectively. The cut in the booking fees has helped volume, but in general, the air side of 
Hotwire is less profitable now than it has been for the past couple of years, and they are making up for it, and more 
with the other sides of the business, with hotel and especially car. So they're battling uphill and they're battling uphill 
very, very effectively. And what you see on the air side of Hotwire is very consistent with what you see on the air side 
of our package business, which is less attractive inventory in general. 

<Q - Douglas Anmuth>: Great, thank you. 

<A - Dara Khosrowshahi>: You bet. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Robert Peck from Bear Stearns. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Robert Peck>: Yeah. My first question is for Barry and then one for Dara. Barry, do you think about allocation of 
capital with these tighter, debt markets, can we see other uses of this capital. Should we be thinking about acquisitions, 
are there any strategic moves that should be made? And what are your thoughts on eLong going forward? And then just 
a quick follow-up for Dara. 

<Q - Barry Diller>: On the capital, I think we're always primed and ready for acquisitions. We make and have made 
small acquisitions in the last period. I can't say that that'll be true for the future. There may be something that will come 
on our sites of some size. If so, depending upon mechanics, you can't predict the debt markets certainly not at this 
moment. There's obviously, as you all know, currently a freeze-up now. Now, things are getting done, there's a 
tremendous amount of supply though. All of those deals that have been announced and not yet completed their funding, 
so I think that we should always be ready, and always have powder for, first, acquisitions to build the business, and 
other investments to make in the business. And then, as I've said, in the best way I can, which is our willingness to 
borrow a good deal of money to purchase the stock, an aggressive share program. I think Dara would be better to 
comment on eLong than I would. Dara? 


<A - Dara Khosrowshahi>: Sure, Robert, on eLong we're very happy about the position that we have. We're a solid 
number two in China, which is a promising and incredibly fast growing and incredibly fast changing market. We've got 
Henrik Kjellberg, who as you know, came from our PSG group in Europe, running the APAC group in general and is 
now the Interim Chairman or the Interim CEO of eLong and he's very focused on basic operational steps at eLong. 

I think that the good news at eLong is that we have a good core group of managers there. We're bringing on great talent 
over the next couple of months. We're meeting really, really interesting candidates for the CEO job there, and it's an 
operational issue and we're in a pretty friendly environment and if we get one step in front of the other, I think eLong 
can be a great success. And we're pretty confident that Henrik and his management can get us there. 

<Q - Robert Peck>: And then just a quick follow-up on Apollo, if you don't mind. Did you say that you're already 
currently hitting that $50 million a year run rate you got some of that this quarter? Should we start thinking about that 
50 million annualized, starting to run through our quarters going forward here. And what do you think as far as any sort 
of differential on that number? Could there be any sort of upside surprise from Apollo? 

<A - Dara Khosrowshahi>: Mike, I'll let you take that. 

<A - Michael Adler>: Yeah. I mean, we are seeing the $50 million on an annualized basis and would expect to see that 
going forward on a full year basis. With respect to upsides on Apollo, we really don't view it as Apollo anymore. We 
view it as really in an ingrained attitude in the company in terms of continuous improvement for productivity and cost 
initiatives. And we have a whole series of things that we are doing and that we're working on that we expect will 
continue to roll into the business in the future, some of which will offset investments that we make in other places. We 
have spent most of our time on the costs of sales line and we will begin looking more carefully at the other lines of our 
business as well. 

<A - Dara Khosrowshahi>: Robert, I would just say on Apollo, it really does go to a mindset which is a philosophy as 
to how we operate and you see it deep down in the business. It's a belief that when we're building systems and/or 
business processes, to build them right and build them to scale. So that as we grow, the cost per transaction of the 
company gets better and becomes optimized and sometimes that takes – taking longer to build something upfront, but 
ultimately the long-term rewards are there and I think it is a shift in philosophy as to how we approach projects and 
how we approach business processes. 

<Q - Robert Peck>: Thanks, Dara. 

<A - Dara Khosrowshahi>: You bet. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Anthony Noto from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Anthony Noto>: Thank you very much. Dara, I was wondering if you could give us a sense of, your advertising 
number is obviously becoming bigger and accelerating for several quarters now. Could you give us a sense of what the 
page view growth is at TripAdvisor, the change in sell-through and CPM, just so we can start to better understand how 
much growth opportunity there is just from selling more of what's available as opposed to necessarily having to drive 
more usage? 

And then the second question also related to advertising, but from a cost perspective for Expedia. We're seeing a trend 
in the industry of a significant abundance of new inventory available from the likes of Facebook and Glam Media and 
all these other companies that have very valuable audience and they're selling at much lower CPMs than what you may 
need to pay at someplace like a Yahoo! or AOL or MSN. Have you at all been able to leverage that diversification in 
your marketing mix to drive down your costs for audience reach on the advertising line? 

And the last question also related to cost. PayPal was able to sign up two major airlines as a payment functionality for 
those airlines. Is there an opportunity for you to reduce your credit card fees or payment fees per transaction by using 


an alternative payment system like PayPal? Thank you. 

<A - Dara Khosrowshahi>: Sure. On TripAdvisor, the traffic and in general the page views and the commerce clips 
are up pretty significantly at very, very strong double-digits. The organic growth for TripAdvisor in general is over 
50%, and really the growth that we're seeing in TripAdvisor is more on traffic than rate, so to speak. Now, just digging 
into that a little bit, what's happening with TripAdvisor on the revenue side is that the kind of cost-per-click business is 
growing healthily, Anthony, and that's based on traffic increases and actual clicks both domestically and especially 
growing in the international markets. And what we're adding onto that is really a CPM business, is really a media 
business that's essentially a new business that's starting from, essentially scratch I'd say middle of last year. And what 
we're getting to do is layer on that media business, travel media business on top of this CPC business on TripAdvisor as 
well. So, that's why we're seeing the momentum and the momentum is built on traffic and obviously revenue. The UUs 
on TripAdvisor, I think on a year-on-year basis were up 15%, page views were up stronger than that, I don't know the 
exact number on the page views. 

As far as kind of alternate media and the Facebooks et cetera, we're looking at those, at the alternate media. It's not a 
significant amount of our spend to date and while it can be a decent branding media, we haven't seen it be, let's say, a 
significant amount of – we haven't seen significant click-throughs et cetera from that kind of advertising. So, I think 
we're still in the experimental stage on Facebook and some of the new media but we're certainly very, very interested in 
it. 

One of the areas that we're actually focused on Facebook for example, is as you know they opened up their platform for 
applications, third party applications, and TripAdvisor in about a week built a mapping application onto the Facebook 
platform and I think it's the second kind of largest downloaded application, travel application in the Facebook 
community. So we're pretty active there and we're experimenting but I can't come to you with any conclusions right 
now as to the size or the success of that experimentation right now. And I think that your last question was on PayPal, 
was that right? 

<Q - Anthony Noto>: Yes. 

<A - Dara Khosrowshahi>: Yeah. Mike, why don't you talk about that? 

<A - Michael Adler>: Yeah. We have looked over the most recent periods at our cost of credit card transaction fees, 
and it is an area that we will continue to analyze. We have several points of sale that already are using alternative 
payment systems, including Bill Me Later at Hotwire and at Hotels.com. 

<Q - Anthony Noto>: Hotwire is also using PayPal right? 

<A - Michael Adler>: Hotwire, yeah, I believe Hotwire is using PayPal as well, and in Europe we are using debit cards 
and things of that nature so we definitely view it as an opportunity. It continues to be a cost for us that is larger than we 
would like it to be. And as we continue to centralize some of the operations of the company and bring together our 
points of sale around the world through E3 and other projects, it's going to make it easier for us to leverage and get 
better rates across the company, so definitely an opportunity for us in the future. 

<A - Dara Khosrowshahi>: Small right now, and hopefully it'll increase in size. 

<Q - Anthony Noto>: Great, thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you and our next question comes from Michael Millman from Soleil. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Michael Millman>: Thank you. That's Soleil Securities. I guess a couple of questions also. I think in the press 
release, and maybe in the script, talk about in Europe a competitive market in hotels. Does that mean that you're 
reducing the commissions or discounts in merchant in order to compete with Priceline's agency charges? And couple of 
other questions. 


<A - Dara Khosrowshahi>: Sure, Michael, in Europe – we actually think that in Europe the value that we bring to our 
hotel supply partners is equal to what they pay us so it's not an issue, or we haven't been focused on revenue margins as 
much as we've been focused on price. I kind of talked about a couple of quarters ago how we're very focused with the 
PSG group on the product that we have on the shelves and that means availability, breadth, and price. In looking at 
Europe, we found out, maybe we shouldn't have been surprised that our pricing wasn't as good as it should have been, 
we took actions on that accord that did affect European revenue margins and improved pricing pretty significantly and 
you see it in the volumes. So that did affect margins but it's not a margin to the hotel issue. 

<Q - Michael Millman>: When you say price wasn't as good you mean you lowered the price or raised the price? 

<A - Dara Khosrowshahi>: We lowered the price. 

<Q - Michael Millman>: And that has helped pick up volume. 

<A - Dara Khosrowshahi>: That has helped increase our competitiveness with BOOKING.COM and other providers 
out there. Our volume has been quite positive, whether you can draw one to one causal effect between price and 
volume is not entirely clear but we think that it helps. 

<Q - Michael Millman>: On the servicing fee or transaction fee where you've dropped it from place to place, how 
important is that servicing fee to the air revenue ticket and to what extent does that reduction in certain locations and 
products impacted your 19% decline in air revenue per ticket? 

<A - Dara Khosrowshahi>: I don't have, Mike do you know the exact effect that it had on the, 19%, I don't think that 
we have that number, I don't know if we would disclose it exactly but if you look at the European revenue margin 
decrease, the two largest drivers of that revenue margin decrease were the booking fee reductions that we mentioned 
and also signing up with Ryanair which is a new deal so to speak and having gross bookings volume coming in from 
Ryanair and not recognizing the revenue in quarter. So it's definitely piece of the revenue margin equation. 

<Q - Michael Millman>: Can you give us some rough idea as to how much, how important on a macro basis those 
fees are? 

<A - Dara Khosrowshahi>: In general, air revenue is now less than 15% of our overall revenue. It's decreasing – 
every quarter it seems to decrease and the air booking fee is round about a third, this is on a global basis, of our total air 
revenue. And then of course what section is U.S. versus Europe, we don't disclose, but you can probably do some math 
guessing on that. 

<Q - Michael Millman>: And in regard to improvement in Expedia.com with the marketing expense, to what extent is 
that you getting more volume and to what extent is that you have improved your conversion rate? 

<A - Dara Khosrowshahi>: It's both, Michael, it's better volume from direct channels. It's very, very strong 
performance from the email channel offset by some weakness on the affiliate channel and some of the indirect 
channels. And it's a very solid conversion performance as well. It's a combination of both. 

<Q - Michael Millman>: Thank you. 

<A - Dara Khosrowshahi>: You bet. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney from Citigroup. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Mark Mahaney>: Thank you very much, two questions please. You mentioned that ECT growth I think in 
bookings was over 20%. Can you put that in context what was the growth like for that the last couple of quarters? And 
secondly, just thinking broadly about margins for the business as a whole, if European margins, with that revenue 
growth, faster but European were the margins 1000 dips below U.S. levels. How do you think about what that means 


for the – what are the implications of that for the overall margins of the business? Do the U.S. and European margins 
reach, converge over the next couple of years or do the European margins rise up to U.S. levels. What would be the 
factors that would cause that to happen or not cause that to happen? Thank you very much. 

<A - Dara Khosrowshahi>: Sure Mark. On ECT, the 20% growth that we had is similar to the growth rate that we had 
in Q1. It's slower than what we had last year and really the European markets at ECT remain very strong. In the U.S. 
we're seeing a little bit of weakness as far as corporate travel spend with some of our clients. So the new client sign ups 
goes along quite well over 100 million, we think we can do better but in general we're getting plenty of new clients in 
the door so to speak. 

The client retention is excellent but some of the spending levels in U.S. on an account by account basis have been a bit 
weaker than we expected. We think that it's a combination of some U.S. corporations being conservative on spend and 
conservative on margins and we're trying to figure out if it has something to do with wallet share as well. So that's 
really what we're focused on as far as the U.S. goes and hopefully taking the 20% and hopefully improving it from 
there. 

I think on European margins, Mike, you can speak to that as well, do you want to talk to that, or do you want me to? 

<A - Michael Adler>: No, go ahead. 

<A - Dara Khosrowshahi>: Okay, I'd say in Europe in general, you look at the European market and the overall 
European travel market is larger actually than the U.S. travel market. And when you look at our international revenue, 
it's around 29%, I think that's actually gross bookings; it's around 29% of our total. And what we see in Europe right 
now is opportunity. And there is, we still think that there is very, very significant growth potential in Europe, and 
because of that growth potential, and also frankly, because we've got a very tough competitor there, we're focused on 
making sure that we maintain our growth share, and that requires investment, and frankly we're happy to invest in that 
market. 

So I see in the near term, we're more focused on European top-line growth than bottom-line growth, but as the market 
matures, and I'm hoping that it doesn't mature any time soon, but as the market matures I would think that margins in 
Europe do have the opportunity to up tick, and if you look inside the countries in Europe, for example the U.K. which 
is a more mature market, does have significantly higher margins than let's say a Germany or France. So I do expect it to 
get there, but frankly I don't want it get there any time soon. 

<Q - Mark Mahaney>: Thank you very much, 

<A - Michael Adler>: Just a quick clarification, the 29% of bookings was the international figure, and then Europe 
would be 20% of the total. 

<A>: Can we have the next question please, operator? 

Operator 

Thank you, our next question comes from Chris Gutek from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Christopher Gutek>: Thanks, two questions. So I guess given the nice acceleration in the top-line growth, but 
partly offset by the higher marketing spending in the quarter, I'm curious if you guys have changed your long-term 
thinking on how to maximize the value of the firm, given the trade off between growth and profitability. Specifically, 
it's a long term expectation that any leverage you see elsewhere in the business gets consumed by higher marketing 
spending, or conversely, the heavy spending you talked about earlier, is that really just for the next couple of quarters 
and beyond that you haven't necessarily made a decision about optimal strategy? 

<A - Dara Khosrowshahi>: Chris, I'd say it's more the latter. You can certainly see that our behavior as far as 
marketing spend, if you compare it to last year, has changed pretty significantly. And you know we haven't let's say 
undertaken this strategy for a long time, so it's hard to come to a long term conclusion. We think that at least for this 


year it's the right strategy going forward. Now we do, we've told you that over the long term we are optimizing for a 
free cash flow number, we're not optimizing for margins. 

And when we look at what is the best path to get there; is it better to get there with very, very strong top-line growth or 
weaker top-line growth and trying to leverage a business, so to speak? One thing that we've seen with strong top-line 
growth is that it gets you scale, and it helps you with revenue margins in the kind of discussions that we have with our 
supply partners. I do believe that we can secure a long term economic and relationship advantage over our competitors 
because of that scale. It gets you scale as far as costs, it lets you amortize the kind of admittedly large investments that 
we're making on technology, on fixed infrastructure. It let's you amortize those investments over a wider swath of 
transactions. 

And third, and this is new, as we build audience, we build a bigger audience for which to build a media business on. 
And I think that at least for now, we're the only players, we're the only travel player, who is building a media business 
of scale, and again that goes to the amount of revenue that we can get per unique user, per eyeball, and scale does get 
us advantages that we believe, at least at this point, we believe we have a chance of being differentiated so to speak. 

<Q - Christopher Gutek>: Okay, great. And then my second follow-up question to the prior discussion regarding the 
elimination of booking fees at Hotwire and Priceline for domestic air bookings, do you think this is a shot across the 
bow, that booking fees could be eliminated across other products or all products and all geographies. Or is it just that 
the domestic air business has a lower value proposition for the customer, and you don't see this spreading? 

<A - Dara Khosrowshahi>: Tough to tell at this point. Hotwire and Priceline have a very, very specific audience, and 
it's an audience that's looking for discounts, and it's an audience that wants price breaks. So I think that, and at the same 
time you have both Hotwire and Priceline experiencing degradation in the quality of their air inventory. So what 
Priceline did and they did it first, made a lot of sense, and it's something that they've done very – that's specific to their 
business and specific to their audience and the same goes for Hotwire. So this time, I don't know if it's a shot across the 
bow. I don't know if it's going to spread. 

<Q - Christopher Gutek>: Okay, great. Thanks. 

<A - Dara Khosrowshahi>: You bet. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Aaron Kessler from Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Aaron Kessler>: Hi guys. A couple of questions. First, on Europe, I may have misheard you – can you give us an 
update on the hotel inventory you have maybe for U.K. and continental Europe if you give that? And also your 
investment in field sales. And I have one follow-up question. 

<A - Dara Khosrowshahi>: Sure, as far as the inventory goes – we've increased inventory, I think it's 20% on a 
year-over-year basis, as far as the number of merchant hotel properties that we have available. I'm frankly hoping to 
accelerate that growth. To build a field sales force and I think we are investing in the field sales force, in Europe, takes 
a bit of time. It's a combination of investing in the field sales force and also investing in systems that allow us to hook 
up to the hotels in a cleaner way, in a faster way. And also allow the hotels to work with us easier. Our intranet for 
example isn't as good or smooth as it needs to be. So it's a combination of system investments and field sales force 
investments. I'd say we're in the early to middle part of that cycle, but I'm really confident about the way that that group 
is going to execute. 

<Q - Aaron Kessler>: And did you say you had 12,000 hotels in Europe or is that just direct connections? 

<A - Dara Khosrowshahi>: I think it's 12,000 merchant hotels, and then we obviously have GDS connections. I don't 
know how many hotels in Europe. 


<Q - Aaron Kessler>: One follow-up question. For the keyword inflation you were talking about, can you give us a 
little more detail on that – when did that start, and roughly what type of increase you saw there? Thank you. 

<A - Dara Khosrowshahi>: The keyword inflation has been fairly consistent. It's been double-digit inflation on a 
keyword-by-keyword basis. We're able to mitigate some of it because in general ADRs, for example on the hotel side 
of the business, are increasing so we're able to offset some of that. And we've done good work on the conversions side 
as far as what keywords to bid for, and also how consumers are converting on our site. But it's a pretty competitive 
marketplace out there and it has been since the beginning of the year. We certainly haven't seen any change in behavior 
there. 

<Q - Aaron Kessler>: Quick clarification – you said change of pricing in Europe, was that to pricing to the consumer 
or your commission rate? 

<A - Dara Khosrowshahi>: Pricing to the consumer in general. 

<Q - Aaron Kessler>: Okay, great. Thank you so much. 

<A - Dara Khosrowshahi>: You bet. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Justin Post, from Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Justin Post>: Thank you. Nice quarter, I'd like to first talk about where you're at in penetration of the U.S. 
consumer markets and corporate travel. Could you just give us an update on where you think you are as far as a percent 
and where it could go? And then secondly, if Barry is still on the line, could you talk about your philosophy with doing 
tender offers? It seems to create extra volatility for the stock. Why not just do buybacks? You know kind of an 
opportunistic way – the way IAC has approached it so far? 

<A - Dara Khosrowshahi>: As far as penetration in the corporate market, it's tiny, Justin. So we're at the run rate of 
around 300 million a quarter, as far as our corporate travel business goes. The corporate travel, the size of the corporate 
travel market in the U.S., I'm guessing is in excess of 80 billion or so, Stu? Stu is nodding his head. So the penetration 
is tiny. The big, big players are obviously the AMEXs and the Carlsons of the world. And where we have the largest 
challenge right now is to break into the top tier, the very big accounts where AMEX and Carlson are very strong. We're 
doing great on the small to medium accounts. The challenge is to step up the ladder, so to speak, and it's something that 
we're very much focused on. But ETT is going to be a growth story for a very, very long time to come for this 
company. And then I will let Barry answer the last question. 

<A - Barry Diller>: I have no guiding philosophy on how to purchase stock. Again, it really is best done 
opportunistically. And we felt that the tender offers, while yes, they may produce more volatility, but because there's 
such a point of sales, so to speak or such a point of buy. But we thought it was most efficient when we were thinking of 
particularly large numbers in terms of our desire at a moment in time to buy stock tender offer or other mechanisms. 
One stop only, so to speak, are more efficient. But we debate this all the time as to whether or not we're just better with 
a plan, or whether we're better going in every day, or every other day, or every 40th day. Depending upon what we 
think, again, our approach to all of this relative to stock repurchases is opportunistic, and we really only talk about it 
after the fact. 

Other then our, I think now, quite, I hope, clearly understood and accepted position that, number one, our intent, is 
shown, is to buy stock. And, secondly, that we think a certain amount of leverage is healthy for this business at this 
point in time. I think those are the two guiding principles, those are the ones we're going to follow in the future, and I 
think that's going to be very good for the people who are current holders of the stock. 

<Q - Justin Post>: Thank you, Barry. If I could follow up Dara, could you give penetration of the U.S. market? And 
then, the last thing, Amazon kind of surprised people with Amazon Prime, driving some growth there. How do you feel 
about the loyalty program, and can you give any metrics on that? 


<A - Dara Khosrowshahi>: Justin, what do you mean by the U.S. market? I thought that I'd given the penetration... 

<Q - Justin Post>: The leisure market. 

<A - Dara Khosrowshahi>: Okay, the leisure market, it's close to 50% according to focused [inaudible], so those 
aren't numbers that we make available. 

<Q - Justin Post>: Okay great, thank you. And then on the loyalty program, how do you feel about that, and are there 
any metrics you can share as far as driving additional purchase activity? 

<A - Dara Khosrowshahi>: The metrics that we can share is we're happy with the sign ups. We've got over 750 
thousand ThankYou members now on board. The ThankYou program is definitely driving increased frequency as far as 
visits and shopping, and also transactions, especially on the hotel side of the equation, which is obviously our most 
profitable line of business. But it's still too early for us to give you other metrics as far as what is truly incremental or 
what's not. But we're certainly happy with what we see from the ThankYou program, and we're very happy with the 
partnership that we've got with Citi. 

<Q - Justin Post>: Thank you. 

<A - Dara Khosrowshahi>: You bet. 

Dara Khosrowshahi, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Well thank you very much for joining us today. Barry, myself, and Mike get to tell you about everything that we've 
done in the quarter, but it's really the seven thousand employees of Expedia who are the ones who are doing it and 
executing on a daily basis, so I didn't want to sign off before giving a special thank you to them. So we're hoping to tell 
you all about our accomplishments in Q3, and we'll see you then. Stu anything else? 

Stu Haas, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations 

No that's it. A replay of the call will be available on the investor relations website subsequent to this call and thank you 
for listening in. 

Operator 

Thank you ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude Expedia Inc.'s second quarter 2007 conference call. If you'd like to 
listen to a replay you may also dial 1-800-405-2236 or 303-590-3000, and use pass code 11094031# to access the 
conference. Thank you again for your presentation today and you may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


