Q2 2007 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• David Manthey 
• Jeffrey Germanotta 
• John Baliotti 
• Holden Lewis 
• Michael Cox 
• Daniel Whang 
• Brent Rakers 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day everyone and welcome to the Fastenal Company 2007 Quarter Two Earnings Conference Call. This call will 
be hosted by Mr. Will Oberton, Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Dan Florness, Chief Financial Officer. The call will 
last for up to 45 minutes. The call will start with a general overview by our Fastenal host Mr. Oberton and Mr. 
Florness. The remainder of the time will be open for questions and answers. 

As a reminder, certain statements contained in this presentation that are not historical facts, are forward-looking 
statements and are thus prospective. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other 
factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such 
forward-looking statements. More information regarding such risks can be found in Fastenal's quarterly and annual 
SEC filings. Just a reminder that today's call is being recorded. 

And now at this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Will Oberton. Please go ahead sir. 

Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you very much, and I want to thank everyone for joining us today to talk about the quarter. Happily, we are able 
to report that overall, we had a good quarter. I am going to go through and talk about kind of my view of how things 
came out in different categories or areas. From a sales standpoint, I would say we had an okay quarter. We started out 
slow, just over 12% in April, but we saw some nice recovery in June coming in at 14.8%. So we are very happy with 
the finish. But overall at 13.3, it's okay performance based on where we normally are. 

From a regional standpoint where we saw strength and weakness, we really saw a -- we had a slower quarter in the 
entire West Coast and Florida. Now we have heard feedback from other areas that because of the fires in Florida the 
entire state has been slow, which would make sense to us. But the West Coast has been slow to us. Qualify that a little 
bit though, we have made some changes from a regional standpoint out there and so we have some new regional 
managers, who are getting their -- kind of getting their feet on the ground. We hope that it's -- actually help us little 
more execution and that we can correct it ourselves. So going forward, we are pretty optimistic there. 


The rest of the country seemed very steady and Canada all seemed very steady, very close to the same percentage of 
goal and all of them showing improvement in the month of June. So it's – we're very optimistic from a standpoint of 
where we are trending. Our 5-year and older stores showed improvement each month. We are 4.5%, 5.4%, and 6.2% as 
the quarter went on. 

From a strategic account standpoint, it was actually very similar. We saw each month continue to improve, with June 
showing more strength in larger accounts. We are hoping that that's an overall economic trend and not just a bump in 
the graph. So we are going to watch it very close in July and see where it comes in. 

On the margin standpoint, I think we did a good job and I'm very optimistic going forward that we have an opportunity 
to improve our margin even more. We are really working hard on pricing discipline, making sure that we are doing 
price increases and looking at all of our sales, developing new software to make sure that we don't have business going 
through just for the sake of growing our sales. And we think we have some opportunity there to raise some prices, not 
overall, but just in cases where we haven't done a nice job or a good job of raising prices in the past. Also, working 
hard to develop better methodologies to promote our highest margin products for merchandising, training, and all of the 
flyers that we do. 

And the last thing on the margin is we are still very optimistic about what we are doing with our trading company in 
China; FASTCO continues to grow and develop. I have spent about eight days there or 10 days there in May. The 
people are getting better and what we really have today that we didn't have a year and for sure two years ago is a pretty 
big group of middle managers, people who have now been with us three, four years, really understand our business and 
are really starting, I believe really starting to become good at understanding how they can find new sources and I think 
we will continue to see growth and improvement in our purchasing business there. 

Also on the margin, we actually, we had an inventory adjustment that Dan's going to talk about. Without that, our 
margin would have been at about 50.9, which is I think as high as we have reported -- same as first quarter and as high 
as we have reported over several quarters, so nice job on the margin and I am saying that for our people on the phone 
also. Earnings standpoint, I think we did a nice job also. We had the lowest leverage point. We have never been able to 
leverage our earnings to sales below 15%. Dan and I looked back at it this morning trying to find the low point. I think 
we came up with 16.8 sales growth, is the lowest sales growth we have ever seen earnings leverage and that came from 
good control on labor, hard work on the margin, and general expense control looking at all the categories. 

Now, I am very proud that we are able to do that, but it's kind of one of those low-grade atta-boys because I would be 
happy if our sales were growing at 18 or 22% and we could leverage up from there. But we are doing a good job and I 
think we are learning some things on how to control expenses in a slow environment that should come through and help 
us as things pick up. As far as our plans going forward, we've spend a lot of time, Dan and I have, Nick Lundquist 
talking to the investors about our pathway to profit, our new plan to slow down store growth to about 8, we are saying 7 
to 10% this year, we are stating 8% and add additional outside sales people. 

For 2007 we only -- we will only open another about 37 to 40 stores for the rest of the year. The majority of those, the 
vast majority of those will be opened in the third quarter and fourth quarter. I mean if we have five openings, I would 
be surprised. It's probably two or three openings just catching up for things that slid out of September with leases or 
buildings that aren't complete. So, we are moving ahead – we're moving ahead well with that plan. The big key to 
making this work is going to be the development of an outside sales program. We've been working on it for a long 
time, but we've really put a lot more energy in it and the components that are going to be important and I am very 
confident that we are going to do a good job with this because we have rearranged the group doing it, put some more 
strength at the top of that group, so we have very good organization. 

We need to provide better information for our sales people, which we are well on the way of doing as far as the 
territories, the customers, the potential of those customers, better training. I've being meeting with our people on FSB 
and some of our sales people – our sales leads on what we need to train these people for. Fastenal School of Business is 
doing a -- like 180 shift from inside store to outside sales, and I believe they are up for the task. Better tool for our sales 
people, we are testing I believe in 77 locations. We have the handheld computers out there so people can do a lot more 


at the point of customer contact. It's really like taking my store information out to the customer side. 

We are mentoring, we are developing programs to mentor these people where we are only putting the new sales people 
with our best store managers and our best district managers and the other point that we think will help us in the future. 
And then, the last part of it is we need to continue to measure our people. So we are reevaluating our outside sales 
scorecard. We are finding some weakness and other things that don't really match up to what we think we need to see 
and that new scorecard will -- it's really an evolution of our old scorecard. So, we really know where the sales people 
are, how good they are doing, and we are working with some of our statistical people there to really model out to 
understand where they should be at each point and so we can determine is this person going to make it or not way 
before the obvious comes where they just aren't -- it isn't working out. 

As far as the overall plan, I think we have done a nice job of communicating it to the investors. We had around dozens 
of meeting throughout last -- or throughout second quarter, and I believe we have done a nice job of communicating it 
out to our troops, Nick Lundquist has been, I don't know, he is probably been in 20 or 30 states, talking to groups of 
managers about this plan and need to do it. And, I believe the team really understands why we are making the change 
and that they are onboard to get the things done and support the program because they see that if we do this right that 
there is a great opportunity for them going forward. 

So, overall on the pathway to profit, our new plan to slow down store growth, I think we have made good progress. I 
think we are at least where we need to be if not ahead of where I thought we would to be at this point. And I think some 
of the improvement in our earnings growth that we saw in the second quarter was due to this push that we are working 
on and it's really just a sign of what we can bring to you in the future. 

With that, I am going to turn over to Dan Florness. He is going to give you a little more color on the quarter, and I will 
open it up for questions. Thank you. 

Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks Will. Few things I want to touch on through the earnings release and hopefully you found it to be informative 
and answer questions you have about the quarter and about our progress on our pathway to profit. 

First off, I just wanted to touch on a few things that Will touched on. On the sales growth side, we put a fair amount of 
information on the bottom of the first page of the release about trends in our five plus group, our two plus group, and 
then our overall business. Some things that standout in my looking at the numbers, really looking at from a trend 
perspective, the first five months of 2007 really continued the weakness we saw, generally speaking in the latter half of 
last year with some months doing different things, but the general weakness in environment that we have been seeing, 
and when I looked at June, we have seen good ISM numbers over the last several months, and we did see an 
improvement in our business in June, and one month doesn't make a trend, but it was a strong note to finish the quarter 
on, and we are optimistic looking into the future. 

From a head count growth perspective, when I hit on the operating expense, I will touch on this a little more, but from a 
head count growth perspective, you saw in your monthly release the FTE numbers as well as the overall head count 
numbers that we have historically put out, I think we have done a nice job of investing head count growth in the areas 
that are going to drive our top line in the future as they play in hand-in-hand with our outside sales initiative as well as 
our effort to leverage the fixed cost of the organization and really the support labor aspect of it. And from that 
standpoint, I think we are executing at the very high level. 

Looking at the initiatives that we continue to talk about each quarter, I am going to really touch on the four items. From 
a freight initiative perspective, we continued to eek out improvements in that. That's been a tremendous contribution to 
the organization over the last several years and we continue to get better at that. We do have lower headwind in the 
current quarter because of changes in freight costs – excuse me, fuel costs, but continue to see improvements in overall 
performance on the freight initiative. 


On the working capital, I am going to touch on that little bit more in a few minute. But I continue to be pleased with 
our progress there on working capital initiatives. The only negative I would note is we have lost some momentum on 
our bad debt management and we are working very hard to understand what's driving that to turn that around and 
improve it. 

The CSP2, the third item on the list, we have – we've really expanded the outside sales initiative components of that 
and we are continuing to refine the inventory that's going into our CSP2 stores. 

Finally on the master hub, and this one, I want to think – I want to talk a little slower on, for one, and I want to talk 
through that because we had an investor meeting down in Indianapolis, our master hub, here in late April, gave a group 
of folks to come in and see the facility and kick the tires, so to speak. One thing that I think that's missing when I talk to 
the investment community in general is I think people still don't appreciate how big a deal this is for our organization of 
putting this very wide selection of inventory that's readily available for our store base to tap into. And that inventory 
combined with our distribution network, what that can mean for our stores. You can think about our store locations and 
their proximity to customers and our outside sales initiative, our sales personnel, our store armed with the technology 
that Will touched on and a readily available selection of inventory, I really don't believe there is somebody that can 
compete with that from the standpoint of a service level and a distribution machine that can support industrial needs in 
North America. At Fastenal, we will be able to with master hub concept. In the future as we've talked, we -- as the West 
Coast continues to grow, we will do similar things on West Coast, but it really puts our stores in a position to be able to 
say yes to their customer when the -- when the inquiries are made and it's a powerful advantage, and hopefully, I didn't 
beat that to death, but I really think it's something that is a huge business advantage to our organization. 

Looking at the gross margin aspects of the quarter, as Will touched on we continued to see nice year-over-year 
improvement in gross margins. There was one negative item here. And that was we -- as I mentioned in the earnings 
release, we implemented really the final major piece of our ERP system and is really related to the procurement 
mechanics at our distribution centers and how we track those -- that procurement activity, how we track the liability 
amounts, et cetera. And our old system, which as I mentioned has been built back in the 1980s and has severed us well 
over time, was a fairly manual process. And when we turned on the new system, we realized we had some liabilities we 
needed to true-up. That resulted in a cost of goods adjustment to the quarter of about $2.9 million, so it impacted our 
gross margin by about 60 basis points. 

When I was going through information last week and that number was being finalized and I am looking through that, I 
will tell you the negative that popped in my head. It was -- talking about it to the shareholders, obviously, it's not 
something I am particularly proud of, but more important, it was the negative impact it had on our regional and district 
leadership within the organization because they are paid off of the profits of the organization at the district level, but we 
allocate all costs of the organization out to every store so that we have a true fully-loaded P&L. And the impact while 
we had a -- our trends in gross margin improvement mask it to some extent, from a regional VP standpoint, from a 
district manager standpoint, it was costly on the bonus plan this quarter, that adjustment and -- but moving forward, I 
am confident we will continue to see strong gross margin performance because I think we have a good plan in place. 

Looking at our operating expenses, I think we did a very nice job on operating expenses. As Will mentioned, our ability 
to leverage at a sub 15% top line growth has not been in our making historically. I think we're doing a nice job. Some 
of that leverage came because of our gross margin improvement, some of it came because we did a nice job of 
leveraging our SG&A. And the biggest component of our operating expenses is our labor. When I look at that entire 
category within our P&L, our labor cost increased under 10% year-over-year and that's despite the fact that we had a 
35% increase in our profit-sharing contribution for the quarter, which we include in our labor expense on the P&L, and 
the impact of stock accounting, when I look at 2006, the first six months versus -- excuse me, 2007 versus 2006 for 
both the six and three month periods. 

Finally on working capital section, we continue to produce strong cash flow and improving cash flow. From a working 
capital standpoint, we leveraged accounts receivable growth relative to sales growth. Obviously as we get deeper and 
deeper into the call center, which was established back in 2005, the ability to leverage on that becomes more and more 
challenging because we've really moved the needle on our performance there. We believe we still have the ability over 


the next several years to squeeze out approximately five days of AR and that's what we are working towards. That's a 
goal. It's nice that I throw those numbers out; I want to be cautious to qualify those, but that's a goal of ours. We believe 
it's a goal achievable and we have done a nice job to continue moving that number down over time. 

Inventory, as we talked about at the first quarter, we have really in my mind turned the quarter on execution of 
inventory management, about having the right product in the right location for our -- to satisfy our customer needs and 
to do it as efficiently as possible for our store and distribution personnel. 

The improvement in inventory, when I look at the first six months of the year, is really about -- other than that 15 
million of inventory we added, about 80% of that number is really dollars that went into new store openings, CSP2 
conversions, and CSP3 conversions. And so, 80% of that number is investment dollars for the future. The other 20 is 
really dollars we have been able to -- we add into our distribution network to support our store base and we have 
actually added at a little bit higher pace than that 20% would indicate, because we have efficiently relocated surplus 
inventory that's physically in our stores before and we have great momentum on that right now going into the future. 

Looking at our cash flow statement, I am going to call that out primarily because when we had our fourth quarter 
conference call, I expressed my genuine frustration with our performance on cash flow, especially from an operating 
cash perspective. Historically, I have looked at -- if I look at operating cash flow relative to net income, historically we 
produced somewhere in the neighborhood of for every dollar of earnings, we produced somewhere between 50 and 
$0.70 of operating cash flow. Last year, we were at the low end of that range. We were at 50% and that was personally 
frustrating. In the first six months of this year, we produced for every dollar of earnings $0.94 of cash. If I contrast that 
with the same period last year for every dollar of earnings, we produced $0.61 of cash. Now that's above and beyond 
where I see our numbers over the next five years, which I think will be in that 80 to 85% neighborhood. But it really 
demonstrates the improvement we are seeing from the inventory component of working capital. 

Finally, a couple of things I want to touch on before we go over to the questions is we did announce last night and I did 
put a blurb in here on the earnings release, we did announce that our second half dividend, first half of the year we paid 
out a $0.21 dividend. We increased that to $0.23 and that will be payable this fall and we did increase the authorization 
on our stock repurchase plan by adding another million shares. As you saw from our cash flow and our earnings 
release, we have been in the market in first six months of this year and we will continue to look for opportunities to 
buyback stock for our shareholders. 

With that, I will turn it over to Dana to moderate our questions. One item I would ask to people making questions is we 
want to have opportunity for as many people to ask questions as possible. If you would limit yourself to one question, 
we would appreciate it. Thank you. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions]. And we will take our first question from David Manthey of Robert W. Baird. 

<Q - David Manthey>: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I was wondering if you could help me with really 
just, one in terms of the P&L and then just a quick one, and then a philosophical question after that. First of all on the 
$2.9 million, what was the corresponding bonus reduction related to that number? 

<A - Willard Oberton>: It would be about 20, probably about 20% of that number, so 6 roughly, 550 to $600,000. 

<Q - David Manthey>: Okay. Thank you. And then the key question here is, as you look at the pathway to profit and 
you think about making the transition from sort of a store growth model over to the people growth model. Even though 
the Fastenal story has always been about the people in the stores not the stores themselves, could you talk about what 
are some of the risks as we transition to the pathway to profit, and how you are going to overcome those? 


<A - Willard Oberton>: Well, the real risk is that we are not able to execute on the outside sales program. But the 
reason we are comfortable with making the movement in spite of that is that the new stores that we are not opening this 
year, the 100 stores, really don't contribute a lot in 2008 or even in 2009. So if we were to decide or determine that boy, 
this was just not a good move, we could regroup, we have the machine in place to open those stores. And it's really just 
a time issue that it's – we are going to be a step back. But we are very confident that we can make the outside sales 
program work. Dan talks about it being neutral to a top line. Internally, we are optimistic that maybe it's better than 
neutral because we are going to touching a lot more customers. And with all the things we are doing, we can be pretty 
good out in the field. Really the big risk is top line sales because the operating expense, that's going to go down if you 
don't have as many buildings; that's pretty much a given. It's about revenue driving revenue. 

<Q - David Manthey>: Right. Okay. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Jeff Germanotta of William Blair. 

<Q - Jeffrey Germanotta>: Good morning. You talked about sales trends being a little weak in the West Coast and 
Florida in the quarter. Can you talk how that – was that weak throughout the quarter or did it improve towards the end? 
And how is it trending in the first part of July? 

<A - Willard Oberton>: I have not looked at it close in the first part of July, so I won't comment on that Jeff. But it 
was weak throughout the quarter and it was really weak in the -- for the most part, all year long, but it seemed to get 
weaker in the May/June timeframe. As a percentage of goal, that's what we use a lot as our benchmark. We set the 
goals and we try and make them all attainable. Those areas were slightly lower as a percentage of goal in May/June 
than they have been in the March/April timeframe. And Florida, May was the real -- May and June are real tough 
months. 

<Q - Jeffrey Germanotta>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And we will take our next question from John Baliotti of FTN Midwest Securities. 

<Q - John Baliotti>: Good morning. Dan, I was just curious on the gross margin side, you guys identified the 2.9 
million on the inventory that you absorbed in the quarter. Do you feel that you, even though it is early on, turning on 
the ERP, do you feel like you've had covered most of that or do you feel like, in other words, is that -- do you think that 
that's a good trend that we should be looking at for gross margin? Or do you think that you have still some areas that 
you want to beat out in terms of running the ERP into the rest of the system? 

<A - Daniel Florness>: No. The ERP system actually turned on May 20. And so we've had -- we've had a fair amount 
of time to really, really -- we spent a fair amount of time developing that system and had some time to really beat that 
number up, so I am very comfortable with -- we've identified what there is. 

<Q - John Baliotti>: Okay. So you think you've got that pretty much cleared up? 

<A - Daniel Florness>: Yes. 

<Q - John Baliotti>: Okay. Great. Thanks. 

Operator 

And we will go next to Holden Lewis of BB&T. 


<Q - Holden Lewis>: Great. Good morning. Thank you. On the revenue side, I mean, the first quarter and second 
quarter looked a lot alike, in that the first two months of the quarter looked somewhat softer. And then the quarters kind 
of got saved a bit by a very strong March. And then in this case, a very strong June. Should we read anything into that 
pattern? Is maybe, the fact that you had a couple tough months sort of filtered through to the sales force and maybe 
they act a little bit differently or is it just a coincidence? How should we look at that? 

<A - Daniel Florness>: When -- I follow your point. The only thing I would contrast on that, Holden, is when I look at 
the blip up, if you will, in March, part of that was influenced by the fact that if you look at our comps in the first 
quarter, January looked the toughest comp, and then it got easier as the quarter progressed. Second quarter was a flip of 
that. June was the toughest comp and we produced the best growth number. And so, I think it was more a case of June. 
When I look at those six months, I believe, June is the outlier, not March and June, although March was a strong 
month. 

<Q - Holden Lewis>: Okay. Fair enough. And then on the profit side, you mentioned the diesel cost, you mentioned 
that it began to sort of kick in on the Q2. To what extent, if you sort of know what the diesel nut is at current levels, to 
what -- what percentage of that nut did you feel in Q2, and how much is going to sort of be incremental to Q3? 

<A - Daniel Florness>: The increase in diesel that we saw, it was really there at the end of March. So it wasn't the case 
-- when I look at the three months, it was really, it was ramping up. It was -- it was -- it had really shot up from March 
to April, yeah, and it was fairly stable. So when I look at the dollar impacts that we threw into the earnings release from 
a trend standpoint, I think that trend plays into Q3, and I will qualify that only from the standpoint of, obviously, the 
energy prices could change from Q2 to Q3, change next week because of some events. But absent something like that, I 
really think the number is, the impact is embedded in the second quarter and will trend into the third. 

<Q - Holden Lewis>: Okay. But you feel like -- at the current levels -- you felt it all in Q2, so what you feel in Q3 will 
basically be the same kind of impact? 

<A - Daniel Florness>: Correct. 

<A - Willard Oberton>: And Holden, this is Will. Diesel is a far smaller part than regular gasoline. 

<Q - Holden Lewis>: Right. 

<A - Willard Oberton>: Oh it is? Dan correct me, it is 50:50 so running more trucks. 

<Q - Holden Lewis>: Okay. All right. But the point being, as long as there's an incremental piece to be felt in Q3. . . 

<A - Daniel Florness>: No. 

<Q - Holden Lewis>: . . . you had no impact in Q2 from those things. 

<A - Willard Oberton>: Correct. Unless we see a big bump in the next few weeks. 

<Q - Holden Lewis>: Right. And if you go over that [indiscernible] 

<A - Willard Oberton>: Yeah. 

<Q - Holden Lewis>: And then talk a little bit about the support side of things. Because you are doing a great job 
leveraging that. You haven't really made any substantive hires on the support side now for, let's call it, the past year or 
so. How long do you think you can go without adding more support staff, given that you do continue to grow north of 
10% and well north of 10%? 

<A - Willard Oberton>: We are going to – we have added some people. I think they are up three or 4%. Our goal is to 
grow our support staff -- expense not head count -- at half the rate of sales on a go forward. We are a little tighter than 
that right now. One thing you have to understand is the new stores really take a lot of support help from a standpoint of 
training, opening, mentoring, leadership; and the fewer new stores, the less support we need. We would spend more 
time supporting a new $20,000 store than we would a larger store that has good leadership because they don't need all 
the help. So, a lot of our system is really built around supporting this new store growth and development. By slowing 


that down it really takes a big demand off the support group. So, going forward, our stated goal is grow our support 
labor at half the growth of sales. So, if we are able to grow at 15% for the year you will see that 6 to 8% labor growth 
and support. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. We will go next to Michael Cox of Piper Jaffray. 

<Q - Michael Cox>: Good morning, and congratulations on a very nice quarter. 

<A - Willard Oberton>: Thanks Mike. 

<Q - Michael Cox>: With the improvement in the working capital and the step up in share repurchase activity in the 
second quarter, is that something we should continue to see as we move through the balance of the year with the plan 
just for the store growth? 

<A - Daniel Florness>: Well, I think I am answering it and if I don't, circle back on me, Mike. When I look at -- the 
second half dividend is a fairly normal thing for us. We did decide to increase it roughly 10% because of the strong 
cash flow, but that's -- to me that was a fairly normal piece for us. In the case of the stock repurchase, I asked the Board 
for additional million share authorization. And as we've done in the past, we've always endeavored when we do have 
stock options out there. I will tell you what we did two years ago, is we wanted to go out and purchase enough stock at 
attractive price for shareholders to cover the dilutive impact of the options. We were able to double down on that last 
year because we had a -- unfortunately, for our shareholders we had a buying opportunity, and we took the proceeds 
coming from our employees on the stock option exercises and added another 6, 7 million to that and went out and 
bought more stock. 

The million share authorization back in January and the second million share authorization we just announced 
yesterday is really a continuation of that effort to go out and buy when it makes sense, stock in the open market to 
cover our stock options. And then beyond that will really be more dictated, I think, by our cash flow and the appetite at 
the Board level to do additional stock repurchase, that hasn't historically been our MO, but we are in a position with 
extremely strong cash flow, and we expect to continue into the future, be enhanced as we continue to improve our 
working capital. And I wouldn't rule it out but traditionally hasn't been our MO. 

<Q - Michael Cox>: Okay. Just one quick follow up to that, and if the share repurchase would not be the priority, what 
would be the other use for that cash as you build your cash balance? 

<A - Daniel Florness>: I am thinking out loud with this a little bit Mike. The one answer I have said is we -- in the past 
is we do have a – if we have one problem in our organization, it is a high-class problem. We throw off more cash than 
what we need at our current rates of growth. We are going to learn a lot. As I touched on in my narrative about the 
Indianapolis facility, we really think that the hidden gem that nobody really realizes the power of, and as we can see -look 
at that over the next several years and how that makes our business more efficient, how that allows us to say yes 
more and more where it makes good sense. Would we consider expanding inventory in there in the future? Absolutely. 
I don't want to come out and all of a sudden everybody take away from that, Oh Jeez, we are going to add another 20 
million of inventory to Indianapolis, that's not what I am saying. But we would consider that in the future, if we saw the 
returns make sense. But some patterns we have had over the last several years is we have been increasing our dividend 
level, and for the most part updating the cash problem. But that cash problem will grow over the next five years in our 
pathway to profit execution? 

<A - Willard Oberton>: And Michael, we are also going to -- we are going to look real hard to find other ways to use 
that cash to grow our business profitably and create high returns. At our Board meeting yesterday there was a subtle, 
but a challenge there about, you are throwing off a lot of cash, what ideas do you have to continue to consume this 
because that's what the shareholders really want. They want us to take the cash and give you back great returns. So, I 
like the challenge, and I don't know what we will come up with. But we are always looking, and we are trying to run 
the business better where ever we can. 


<Q - Michael Cox>: Great. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

And we will take our next question from Dan Whang of Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - Daniel Whang>: Yes. Good morning. This question was on gross margin performance in the quarter. Making that 
adjustment for that inventory liability it was up 100 basis points year-over-year. How much of that came from the 
freight initiative versus the direct sourcing? And what could have -- what can we expect in the second half of the year 
in terms of year-over-year gross margin trends? 

<A - Daniel Florness>: When I look at the freight initiative, we started that back in '05 and we have really had made a 
very meaningful progress on that by the fall of last year. Just a little bit of number from the hip. I would probably look 
at it and say there is probably 20 basis points of freight component in the mix. It's really about two things. It's about the 
execution that Will touched on related to our sourcing activities and discipline at the store level on pricing and sales 
mix. 

<A - Willard Oberton>: We were very decentralized, and our stores do most of the pricing other than strategic 
accounts, they are doing the pricing. We have really raised the awareness on remembering our business rules, 
identifying opportunities, not going out and raising prices on customers who are already paying good prices, identifying 
sales that maybe don't make as much sense to us in putting a little more risk by raising prices on those orders, and if we 
lose them it's not the end of the world because they weren't highly profitable. And we are finding a lot of success with 
that. 

<A - Daniel Florness>: And I equate that to raising the bottom more than raising the effort. 

<A - Willard Oberton>: Exactly. 

<Q - Daniel Whang>: Okay. And I guess related to that, I mean, with the ERP system not fully implemented, would 
that enable you to establish some of that additional pricing discipline that you would like to kind of work towards? 

<A - Willard Oberton>: No. I don't think that has anything to do with it. It's really about making sure that our people 
in the field understand our view on business, what business we want, what business we don't, and then monitoring the 
activity and identifying the stores that aren't hitting that in the districts. It's really about education and opportunity. 

<Q - Daniel Whang>: Okay. And just maybe I'd throw another one about the -- obviously, one of the key linchpins of 
this new strategy, the pathway to profit is the whole sales force execution and how is that process going as you ramp up 
that whole expanded sales force? 

<A - Willard Oberton>: Right now I feel it's going very well. We don't have a lot of solid measurements back because 
we've only been working on it hard for about three months now. But the people organizing it seem to be doing a great 
job. The feedback is good. The regional managers that I've been talking to are saying things are going well in the field. 
So, I am very optimistic that we are making the right steps investing in the right areas to make this project very 
successful. So, at this point, I am very confident they are doing the right thing. 

Operator 

And we will take our next question from Brent Rakers of Morgan Keegan. 

<Q - Brent Rakers>: Yes. Good morning. Dan, you talked a little bit about labor cost increasing under 10%. And I 
was hoping maybe you could elaborate on that beyond just the hiring numbers itself. Has there been any changes to the 
compensation schemes maybe that offset the initiation of some of the stock option plans? 

<A - Daniel Florness>: No. There are none. 


<A - Willard Oberton>: One reason we are able to do it is our programs are heavily weighted to growth. And when 
we are putting up 13% growth, the percentage of commission is lower than if we were at 18 or higher growth number. 
So, there is this built in squeeze and it has been in there for years. It's just we are normally not at 13% growth. 

<Q - Brent Rakers>: And just one other question if I might, any comment on the revenues in terms of the trend of 
fasteners kind of re-strengthening relative to the non-fastener sales? And then on the monthly sales trend, do you make 
anything of the strengthening? I mean, how much do you make of this in terms of the number of business days that 
ended up falling in the April and June month of the quarter? 

<A - Willard Oberton>: It really doesn't have, I don't think, anything to do with the business days; I haven't thought of 
it that way. Remember what I saw, I have been talking about pushing the more profitable products. We are working 
real hard to promote fasteners. I mean fasteners are fun as you know. And so, we are working hard to do more to 
promote it. We have a really aggressive group in our fastener product development area. And when they started 
working hard a year ago, on marketing and I was kind of scratching my head. But they came up with some creative 
ideas. Our couple product lines, in particular, they have worked real hard at working on and we have seen great results. 
And I think this is reflection of their hard work more than anything else promoting the high margin product. Hopefully, 
this is a trend that we can continue to see improve, or even maintain would be fine. 

<A - Daniel Florness>: And one other thing I would add is, when we were looking at our CSP1 as were morphing into 
CSP2, we did identify additional fastener products in our CSP2 that we rolled out to all locations. We call it our 
CSP1.5. And -- but it's -- we have a very good -- we have a great selection of fastener product in our stores today, and a 
great support infrastructure for our distribution centers on fastener product. The things we talk about in Indianapolis 
about the strength of the support that we can provide to our stores, a lot of that we have in fasteners; we are improving 
with the Indianapolis stores, but a lot of that we want. 

Operator 

And due to time constraints for today's call that will conclude today's question-and-session. Gentlemen, I will turn the 
call back over to you for any additional and closing remarks. 

Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

I want to thank everybody for listening in on this conference call either via phone or via the Internet. I want to thank the 
individuals for the call -- for the questions they had. I hope this was useful for our shareholder base. And I hope we 
provided sufficient information in our press release. Thanks to everybody and have a good day. 

Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks. 

Operator 

And that does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 


information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


