Q1 2007 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2007 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. This 
call will be hosted by Mr. Will Oberton, Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Dan Florness, Chief Financial Officer. The 
call will last for up to 40 minutes. The call will start with a general overview by our Fastenal host, Mr. Oberton and Mr. 
Florness. The remainder of the time will be open for question and answer. 

As a reminder, certain statements contained in this discussion are not historical facts, but are forward-looking 
statements and are thus prospective. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other 
factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such 
forward-looking statements. More information regarding such risks can be found on Fastenal's quarterly and annual 
SEC filings. 

I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Oberton. Please go ahead, sir. 

Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Good morning and thank you for joining us for this call. I'm going to spend a few minutes talking about the sales 
environment. Sorry about the break, there is an echo on the phone for me here. Okay, that should take care of it. I'm 
going to talk a little bit about the sales environment that we've seen in the last three months, little bit about the earnings 
and some of my thoughts on how we've done. And then I am going to turn it over to Dan and he will talk a little bit 
more about the financials and balance sheet issues. 

Sales environment that we're currently in continues to be slow and we saw this starting in the second half of 2006, 
where our manufacturing customers were slowing down slightly. Right now we seem to be at a steady state, a little 
pickup in March than where we were in January and February. Some of that was due to better weather, little better 
execution. But overall, we're still seeing generally a slow economy in the industries that we sell into, and the biggest 
area that we see slowness is really in the manufacturing OEM business. 

Okay, I've been instructed to speak up, sorry about that. 

So we're going to work very hard to – continue to work hard on growing our business in a slow environment and right 
now we don't see anything that makes us believe it's going to pick up in the near term. We are hoping that the second 
half of the year we might see a stronger manufacturing environment. Geographically, we are seeing greater slowdown 
in the automotive area, basically from Illinois through Ohio up in the Southern Canada. That is the area that we are 
seeing our slowest top line revenue growth. The rest of the country is pretty much the same with a little stronger area 
between really the southern half of the United States from Dallas, Texas, all the way to the Atlantic Ocean; that area 
has been a little stronger for us, but marginally. 

From an earnings standpoint, I am really very happy with what we've been able to do. With sales growth less than 15%, 
as an organization we've never been able to manage our expenses at anywhere near a level where we could show 


earnings leverage or even bulk of the same growth in earnings as we've had in sales. We've done this by working very 
hard on our margins, very hard on our expense control. The margin was up about 60 basis points year-over-year. 40 
basis points of that came from our freight initiatives and product movement activities, and 20 basis points came from 
the product margin or actually selling the product for little higher price or buying it better. 

Other areas in the expense control – I apologize it's a little jumpy. We're getting feedback over the phone. Let's try this. 
Other areas that we're doing a nice job on would be the labor. Our labor growth was up just under 12%, which is very 
low considering we opened – excuse me folks I'm – 73 new stores in the first quarter and continue to do CSP2 
conversions, almost 40 in the first quarter. 

The one area for expense control that we did not do a very good job of, it was planned, but it still surprised us that the 
amount of growth was our occupancy costs. With the store openings that we opened last year, the CSP conversions, 
there are occupancy costs which was our second largest area in SG&A behind labor, more than doubled our sales 
growth and that's everything included in occupancy, the utilities, the ramps and all the maintenance on our buildings. 
That is an area that we need to work very hard on going forward. We're trying to look at ways to take smaller buildings 
at the offset or opening of new stores, reduce the moves during end of the year because we really need to slow that 
growth as a percentage of sales and get it back more to the level of our sales growth going forward. 

One very positive area for us has been our inventory growth, or in this quarter lack of inventory growth. As we stated in 
January, we knew that we had spent too much on inventory. We understood the reasons. We thought we understood 
how to control it and we did do a nice job. Where I am very – what makes me very happy is we are able to reduce our 
inventory by almost $10 million without putting a lot of risk into our business. 

First thing we did is we sold through the product that we did on year-end buys last year and a little bit of that came 
through in the product margin in improvement we saw. But we also focused on any area that we felt we had enough to 
satisfy the customers and we moved the product within our system to minimize the risk of service. We basically do not 
believe we put a lot of risk into service side of our business and were able to reduce our inventory throughout the 
quarter. 

Going forward, both Dan and I believe that we still have an opportunity to improve our turns as the year goes on, 
hopefully getting back to a level similar to the first quarter of 2006 by within the next three to four quarters, and that's 
really what our internal goal will be is to continue to improve our inventory turns, not at the rate we did in the first 
quarter. That was very aggressive, but quarter-by-quarter. 

With that, I'm going to turn it over to Dan. I just wanted to cover the real highlights for the quarter and he is going to 
touch more on the balance sheet issues and then we'll go back to some Q&A. Thank you very much. 

Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks Will. Will talked primarily about items above the operating margin line. I'm going to talk about few of the 
items below the operating margin line. In the area of interest income, as we saw, it was down from last year. It was 
really a reflection of the reduction of overall cash balances that we had outstanding for most of the quarter. And then 
our income tax expense, whereas our rate in last year first quarter was 38.1%, and for the year was 38%. 

We did adopt FIN 48 this year first quarter as all companies are required to do. While the adoption did not have an 
impact on our financial statements, in the definitions of FIN 48 we had a discrete event during the quarter, added 
approximately 827,000 of expense and brought our overall rate in just over 39%. As we mentioned in the press release, 
we anticipate our rate, absent that event, would have been about 38.2 and would expect that rate to continue into the 
future. 

As I flip through the earnings release, some commentary I'd point out on the bottom of page 2; the last several quarters 
we've highlighted the first three of the four items listed there. We continue to be pleased with the progress made on the 
first three items. The fourth one which we started talking about last year really hadn't explicitly called it out in our 
earnings release, is really about the 'master stocking hub'. And I would point out to everybody that we will be giving an 


investor presentation on the 24th of April, where we will talk about the Indianapolis facility and other things about our 
business, physically from the Indianapolis facility and we will be broadcasting that over the Internet. 

The impact of fuel prices on the quarter on top of page 3, we did talk a bit about what our average cost was per month, 
and again that includes costs that are both in cost of goods sold, as well as SG&A. But basically the fuel was neutral for 
us for the quarter. Had a little bit of price moderation that was occurring late last year that continued into the first 
quarter, and we benefited from that both at the operating expense line and at the gross margin line. 

However, I would point out, when I look at the gross margin expansion in the first quarter about – we had about a 60 
basis point expansion. 40 basis points of that was related explicitly to our freight initiative and a relatively small piece 
of that 40 basis points was related to fuel. The 20 basis of that was solely related to enhancements in our product 
overall margin. 

The page 4 we talk about accounts receivable and inventory. Cash flow is a tremendous focus within our organization, 
as is our return on total assets invested in the business. As we have mentioned on previous calls, we were disappointed 
with – while we're – I am very pleased with the progress we are making on our accounts receivable initiative; last year 
growing our accounts receivable just under 16% on sales growth of 21. That continued into this year, growing our 
accounts receivable at 12.3% versus sales growth in the month of March of 15.5. The AR continues to inch down 
nicely for us as we make now small improvements versus the dramatic improvements we made over the last two years. 

Inventory is really the story for this quarter, and as I mentioned we have been disappointed with our progress on that. 
We did drop our inventory this quarter. That was a better improvement in inventory than we had anticipated coming 
into the quarter, and we really continue to build momentum as we went into the quarter. And a thing I am pleased about 
is we're able to do it not in a shotgun approach, but in a very strategic approach. In that we don't – we believe we were 
able to contain inventory growth, while not allowing our business to suffer at all from the standpoint of available 
product. 

At the store level, our inventories increased from December 31. The increase was solely related to store openings and 
CSP2 conversions, because our inventory growth at the store level was less than the dollars we needed for those two 
items. At the distribution center level, we were able to reduce our inventory nicely, approximately $14 million, and it 
really related to our ability to maximize the benefits that we are achieving through our master hub concept, pulled down 
some of the inventories in the outlying distribution centers and really look at our inventory from the standpoint of 
what's stocked at the store, what's stocked at Indianapolis and maximize it throughout the organization. 

We still have lot of work ahead of us. The 180 plus days of inventory we had on hand at the end of last year is much 
too high we believe for our business. And our real question as we move forward, as we move through the balance of 
this decade, is where we can move that number to. At the start of this decade we operated in the low 140 as far as days 
of inventory in hand. As we evolve through the decade, we initiated our CSP1. We setup our direct sourcing operation 
in Shanghai. We did a number of things that naturally caused our inventory to grow. In the last year with our 
Indianapolis facility, we made a commitment to put inventory into that facility which we continued and we grew the 
inventory this quarter in that facility as well. But our real question is on the 180 number or 180 plus number within the 
last quarter, how much do we believe we can reduce that over the balance of the decade. 

We have some goals we've identified internally, and we will see how those progress and we'll talk about some of those 
goals on April 24 at our Investor Day. The other item of note on the balance sheet. We did buyback some stock during 
the quarter. In hindsight, I believe I made a mistake during the quarter, in that I wasn't more aggressive at buying stock. 
When I talked to my Board back in January when they gave us the authorization to move forward, I made a 
commitment to them that I wouldn't take on debt to buyback stock. And so we bought back a nominal amount, 100,000 
shares in early part of March. As you can appreciate with our dividend payment going out in March and the inventory 
growth that we've seen in late in last year that continued into the first half of this quarter, we weren't flushed with cash. 
The cash we have on the balance sheet really built up in the last 20 days or so of the quarter and probably missed an 
opportunity to abort a little bit more inventory – or excuse me, a little more of our stock back at very attractive prices. 
But we will see how that plays out over time and the list of problems that we have, that's probably a high class problem. 


The final item I want to touch on and this really relates to the cash flow statement in general and I thought I'd throw out 
a few statistics. Historically, and historically I'm looking at the last four reported years for Q1, our worst performance 
on cash flow in the first quarter was our cash flow – operating cash flow equaled our earnings for the quarter and that 
was in 2004. In 2005 that number was 127%, last year it was 133% as our inventory growth really occurred later in the 
year. This year our operating cash flow versus earnings was approximately 156% and we, the Fastenal organization, are 
quite proud of that number and we'll continue to challenge our operating cash capabilities as we go through this year 
and into the future. 

If I look at that on an annual basis, that number has hovered somewhere between 50 and 75% over most of the last 
three-four years. And as I look into this year, really challenge ourselves of saying, we believe that our goal – and again 
this is an internal goal, but we look at it and say, we should be able to put out $0.60 on the dollar from an operating 
cash flow. And that's a goal that we have internally. It's not necessarily a forward-looking statement, but really just a 
stated goal. 

With that I'll turned it over to Gwen to start the Q&A session. Thank you. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We'll go first to Jeff Germanotta with William Blair. 

<Q - Jeffrey Germanotta>: Good morning, gentlemen. I wanted to enquire a little bit about your rate of reinvestment 
to cumulatively include the sum of new stores plus CSP2 and CSP3. How do you see that rate going forward? Are you 
inclined to temper that in a more moderate economic growth environment or sustain it or – I will let you provide the 
color on that? 

<A - Willard Oberton>: Right now our plan is to continue to look at the environment and try to determine what is the 
best plan between new stores, outside sales people, and CSP2 or CSP3 stores. And it's – we will make changes going 
forward as we see a need, but at this point we really don't want to comment on what our exact plan is going forward. 
But we – is that fair? 

<Q - Jeffrey Germanotta>: Let me ask you just a bit of a follow-up question to that. You previously said that the rate 
of new store development will be in a range of 13 to 18%. Has that range changed much at all? 

<A - Willard Oberton>: We are at the lower end of that range based on 73 openings. I think if we – that would put us 
in a range of about 13 if we did that four quarters in a row. We're looking very hard, Jeff, at trying to determine over 
the longer period, not the current economic cycle, but over the longer period what is the best way to grow our business 
and get a higher return for our shareholders. And at this point there is a, not a high return, but highest return. At this 
point, we're really not – we've not determined exactly where that is. Right now we're sticking with our existing plan. 

<Q - Jeffrey Germanotta>: And then last question. Are you seeing much selling price inflation or how has that 
changed in the past 12 months? 

<A - Willard Oberton>: The only area we've seen the selling price inflation would be in our stainless steel fasteners, 
or much inflation. The stainless steel fasteners which make up less than 5% of our total product sales have grown more 
than 30% inflation. We see more than 30% inflation on that product; otherwise it's been very stable environment. The 
carbon steel has actually backed off a little bit. The branded products, we've done a nice job of holding the costs very 
flat. You get a little bit here and there, but overall it's probably the lowest. In the last five years we're seeing the 
smallest amount of inflation in our business that we've seen over the last five years. 

<Q - Jeffrey Germanotta>: And so just as a follow-up to that. Is that within the 13% sales growth you referred for the 
quarter? Does that translate to a low single digit, maybe 1-2% number? 

<A - Willard Oberton>: No more than 2%. I guess I would say not much over 1 to 2% is probably fair. 


<Q - Jeffrey Germanotta>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

And we will go next to David Manthey with Robert W. Baird. 

<A - Willard Oberton>: Good morning Dave. 

<Q - David Manthey>: Hi, good morning. I was wondering if you could talk about the gross margin implications of 
your current inventory strategy and the impact on rebates, etcetera. 

<A - Daniel Florness>: Our current inventory strategy shouldn't have any effect on our rebate amounts. Most of our 
rebates are setup so that we don't have to hit growth bogies, meaning 10 or 20 or 30% growth. It's really on an absolute 
dollars by then $5 million in spend with a supplier last year that's fixed amount – maybe I will get 3% at 5 million and 
4% at 6 million or something like that. So as we grow our spend it has a natural ratchet in there for that number to go 
up, so we're really in a good position. So over time our rebate should continually increase as a percentage of our cost of 
goods, but it's very marginal because at the higher dollars people aren't willing to do 1 or 2% kickers in there. So it goes 
up by a few basis points. 

But with our current strategy from an inventory standpoint, we don't think it will affect our margin. But we do believe 
we have opportunities to improve our margin going forward, because we continue to do a better job with our 
purchasing with our FASTCO Trading Company. And I am in contact with our President at FASTCO Trading weekly, 
and every week we're talking about new things that he is finding high quality value oriented product that our customers 
are buying. We recently had a big customer showdown at Nashville, where we brought in more than 3,500 customers 
for a couple of days and there was tremendous interest from the customers in these products as every one of them is 
looking to save money if we can bring – provide value. 

<A - Willard Oberton>: Only other item I'd add to that is, in addition to that those pieces, we have the – what we're 
doing with our master distribution center in Indianapolis. And really what we are doing there is, one, making the more 
efficient process for our stores to service the customers needs on items that we don't sell a lot of in any given region, 
but we sell a fair amount of through out the company over the course of the year, and giving them the way to easier – to 
get that in easier fashion. And two things that we find on products that we are putting in Indianapolis is, and one of our 
objectives going into it was, we're able to source better because we are not buying it in relatively small quantities. We 
are buying it in a strategic fashion in a larger quantity basis, because we're buying for the company, not for a store's 
need today. Secondly, the freight difference bill on that product is meaningful from the standpoint of, it's a one-off 
transaction that's expensive to ship, and if we do it in a more orchestrated fashion, it works much better for our 
business. 

<Q - David Manthey>: Okay. And then can you still hear me? 

<A - Willard Oberton>: Yes. 

<Q - David Manthey>: Okay. Could you just talk broadly about CSP2 and how you see the project going, especially 
given the weakness in the market right now? Are they still encouraged by the results you're seeing? And I know a lot of 
people are hung up on this, 3,500 stores thing. Could you kind of give us the big picture here, out 10-year, and kind of 
talk about sales force additions beyond the low limit of stores? 

<A - Willard Oberton>: CSP2, we have a lot of success stories, a lot – many of our stores doing very well and some 
of them aren't doing well at all. But what we really determined in all of our analysis of CSP2, and a lot of its anecdotal 
just talking to our managers in those stores, but much of it comes off the actual reports. Where we put in the sales 
people, we've done very well in almost every case. We have not done a good job of keeping the sales people in all of 
our stores, and I can't blame that all in the field people. Dan and I have been tough on managing our expenses and 
trying to control labor, at the time pushing the CSP. But it's a little bit of a mixed message, but one we felt was 
probably necessary to main – to get many things done at one time. So, we are still very committed to what we are doing 


with CSP2. 

Next on the 24th, when we have our Analyst Day, we are going to talk more about the reporting of our CSP2 numbers. 
But I think what you will- I know what you will hear is that we believe going forward, our CSP2 whole – the whole 
strategy we have to be more flexible with the inventory giving the managers better input into what we stocked and a lot 
more of an à la carte strategy. Our standard stock works great in the small store, but we boxed it in a little too much in 
the larger stores. For the last six months, our product development people have been working on like modules of 
inventory. If a customer – store wants grinding wheels and they are real good at that, we let them add a big selection. 
But they may not want power drills or they may not want some of the other things. We are going to build the inventory 
to our current customer mix, to the current market and we are going to use far better marketing data based on 
[inaudible] codes and customers codes to build an inventory that matches the customers needs, matches the strength of 
our team on the ground, the people that run the store and we think we will see far better results. 

That being said, the return on CSP2 is pretty good the way we see it today. So we believe we have a tremendous 
opportunity to improve it. As far as the 3,500 going forward, we are still comfortable with that number. It could be 
larger. But when you look at our better stores, and we haven't really shown a lot of that information, you look at the 
stores that have been opened a little longer performing at a higher level. What we need to do is move the big group of 
stores, 1,500 or so stores that are a little above the average, down to the smallest stores up into another category and 
Fastenal could be a far bigger company. 

Now to do that, we probably need to focus on things other than just new store openings. We need to focus on number 
of sales people. As I said in the CSP2, we didn't do as good a job as we should have in some of our locations. So going 
forward Fastenal 2015 or whatever it is, I would foresee we are far more focused on outside sales people. We are far 
more focused on market data that shows us what customers buy and how we get the access to that. We're far more 
focused than what we are really good at, which product creates the greatest profitability for us and will provide the 
highest level of profitability and pushing our sales force and training our sales force to work into that area versus 
selling whatever the customer asks for every time. We need to guide our – the direction of our business. And that's 
really probably the story for Fastenal going forward over the next five, six, seven years, focus more on customer needs 
and the strengths of each one of our individual stores. 

<Q - David Manthey>: Sounds great. Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Dan Whang with Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - Daniel Whang>: Yes, good morning. My first question was regarding your comments that trends were a little bit 
stronger in March and also you saw better execution in certain areas. I was wondering if you could maybe talk about a 
little bit more detail about what particular areas you feel you executed better? 

<A - Willard Oberton>: Really the execution comment, Dan, we had a product promotion in March we call the 
Bounty Hunter, it's a marketing promotion. And we really – for the last five years, we have been trying to figure out 
how to push the sales a little harder using marketing, using contests, using cash prizes, as an organization we've never 
been real good at that. Nick Lundquist, our Chief Operating Officer has been working hard on that program. This is the 
third year we've been running it and we had a nice boost in these products, some of the areas -- it really wasn't 
geographic, it was who bought in and who sold. We think that program probably gave us about 0.5% – 0.5 to 0.75 
percentage point of growth in the March number. So, that program was a one month program. Go ahead, Dan. 

<A - Daniel Florness>: The only thing I was going to add just so everybody is clear on it, is this program that we 
executed quite well to in March, is not a new program this year. 

<A - Willard Oberton>: Right. 


<A - Daniel Florness>: We've been doing it – we do it in March and September of each year and we've been doing it 
now for a number of years. 

<A - Willard Oberton>: It is our third year. So, it's built into the comp from last year, but we did a little better job of 
it. We are learning how to motivate our troops. We are learning how to put programs together that drive sales over a 
short period of time. It's not something you can do 12 months out of the year. With some good contests, we had a lot of 
fun with that. People made some money and it worked out well. Otherwise we don't see a big change in the 
environment, between say even November and March, over a five month period. 

<Q - Daniel Whang>: And from the standpoint of your customers, sort of, mindset and I guess no real change there as 
well or make any comments about the inventory levels out there? 

<A - Willard Oberton>: I had an opportunity last week – I mentioned this National Product Show, again we brought 
in 3,500 customers. So, I had the opportunity to speak with, I don't how many dozens, probably between 1 and 200 
would be my guess of customers all across the country. The general tone is that things are a little slower but nobody is 
jumping off the buildings. It's kind of a "Ho-hum; yeah, we're busy, but not real busy." 

But people don't really like to comment on inventory. I've asked – I asked several questions about it. Their goal is 
always to keep their inventory lower, because that's what their CFO is directing them or it's a cash flow world that we 
live in today. And so people are saying, we are always working on lowering our inventory, how can you help me with 
that. 

The general trend – and it was not just our customers but also our suppliers from all different industries are saying that 
they are seeing not a bad environment, but just an okay selling environment, and all the way through the channel – and 
that's really what we're seeing. So it confirmed our belief that the economy is a little slower. I mean, ISM basically says 
we're in neutral, not moving up, not moving down, and we just have to work harder to execute. 

<Q - Daniel Whang>: Okay. Second question was regarding your gross margin improvements and you talked about 
the bulk of that coming from freight initiative versus sourcing. Do you anticipate those two factors to be sustainable 
through the remaining quarters of the year? 

<A - Willard Oberton>: I believe they are sustainable and we have the opportunity to even improve over a period of 
time – I mean, quarter-to-quarter you're going to move up and down a little bit depending on how everything falls. But 
going forward over a longer period, the next you know three to six quarters, we believe that we can show continued 
improvement. I'm not talking 50 or 100 basis points, but a little bit at a time while continuing to work hard on our 
transportation. We've done a nice job with transportation, but we still have not achieved the goals that I laid out two 
years ago in June at our investor show. We were about – right now are about 70% of the way where I think we should 
be, and we continue to work very hard on it and close to half of our company is at that level. We just have to bring in 
more participation from some of the stores that aren't doing as good a job in some of the districts and regions. So we're 
going to continue to work hard on that both on the products side and on the transportation side. 

<Q - Daniel Whang>: And my final question was regarding your comment about the occupancy cost and that is an 
area that you are placing additional focus on. I mean, due to this issue, I mean, could this impact the rate of new store 
growth or at least the size of the store print and it could be master hub concept requires smaller footprint stores going 
forward? 

<A - Willard Oberton>: Dan, I understand, I'll pick that one. Couple of things. I think the – if I look over the last four 
years, with CSP1 we did a lot of things with relocating stores. And in that process, I think a couple of things happened. 
We got a lot pickier about the stores we go into, and not just the stores we move into, but the stores we open into. And 
when I look at the last several years where we were moving probably 18 or 19% of our stores, physically moving 
existing stores, we had been moving it two blocks down the street and might even moving it two miles away into a 
different area within that city, we – part of that was really related to the run off of the initial CSP1. And some of those 
stores that were converted in early, in first couple of years of CSP1. Coming into this year, our expectation was more of 
86% of our stores were moving. And I think we might be able to challenge that number down a little bit. So, some of 
it's going to naturally occur as we roll through, because we just aren't moving as many stores. I think the second piece 


is really challenging all of our regional business units on stores we're opening. How big a footprint is going to? And 
that's not just challenging our regional business unit, that's challenging our folks in the product and marketing areas of 
how we place the products in the stores. And we've done a lot to really trim down what that initial size of store needs to 
be, challenging ourselves continually to not only reduce the physical force it needs, but also what's our plan for the first 
3-4 years of that stores existence, so we still have room to add inventory as the store needs in its normal growth. 

<A - Daniel Florness>: Remember last year when we were making these investments, we anticipated at that time that 
our sales growth would be much better than 13 to 14% in the first quarter, so this was all planned. There was like, we 
didn't get surprised by it. The impact was just much greater, because the sales slowed down so much. You sign a lease 
for three years, there's not much you can do about it six or nine months from now. You still need to pay the rent and 
heat the building. So it – I sound disappointed and I am, but it's not like it surprised anyone internally. 

<A - Willard Oberton>: Correct. 

<Q - Daniel Whang>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Holden Lewis with BB&T. 

<Q - Holden Lewis>: Good morning. Thank you. Looking at sort of the margins in a different light, sort of, your 
incremental operating margins, it looks like you got about 20% – a little better than 20% incremental operating margin 
year-over-year. Clearly the best reading that you've seen over the past four quarters, and I remember the last time you 
got close back in Q3 you had about 19.6. I mean, the message there was, yeah, it was a pretty good quarter but frankly 
far more things were hitting on all cylinders than we would normally expect. And so, it sounds frankly like you are 
more convinced that this 20% incremental operating margin in Q1 is sustainable than it was when it was even slightly 
lower than that in Q3, and I am sort of curious as to why that is. Obviously, it's not about the revenue growth. 

<A - Willard Oberton>: It's about our focus. Internally, we have taken and taken a really hard look at everything we 
do. What we found – what I found, I – back in January I took two days and hid and took out all the information I could 
from the previous year and went through everything and tried to look at all the good, bad and the ugly of our business. 

What I determined is, some of the good things we're doing were being outweighed by bad decisions that we are 
supporting. And so in the last three months, we have tore our business apart and said, what shouldn't we be doing and 
what should we be doing. And we found enough, Holden, that we believe we can continue to improve our business 
over a long period of time. I am not saying stock and wholesale changes, scorched earth or anything like that. I'm 
talking that there is some business that we have today that we may not have a year or two from now unless we can 
improve it, and we are digging our heels in. 

We're making tougher decisions and believe that we've let some of our really good decisions like our freight program, 
our FASTCO Trading Company, kind of, mask over some other decisions because we've been doing pretty good. 
Sometimes a slow down in the economy and a slow in your business, is the absolute best thing to really understand 
where you are. 

I am going to use this time also to answer – trying to come back to another question that was asked earlier that I didn't 
give a good answer on. Jeff Germanotta asked a question about new stores and what our plan going forward is. In 
looking at the business that I just described and looking at everything, we're trying to determine if opening stores at 13 
to 18% is our best plan and we're going to be talking about it next week at the Annual Meeting and between right now 
and next week we're not going to answer any questions about other than what Dan and I say right here. 

But going forward, it looks like slowing our store growth somewhat and focusing on more sales people growing our 
bigger more existing stores would probably give a better return to our shareholders. We are going to talk about it next 
week. We are going to continue to open stores. We are going to continue to look at 3,500 as the upper end. But whether 
we get that in three years or five years, we're not completely sure but what we want to do is we want to find the best 


sustainable long-term return for our shareholders. And so, Jeff, you kind of put me in a corner there, I don't want to say 
we're going at 13 to 18% forever and then come out next week and say, hey, I've been looking at this real hard. So I felt 
it was important to bring it up right now and let everyone in the line know that we're researching this. We have a lot of 
data that shows what we think is the best mix between new stores, outside sales people, CSP2 and bottom line profit, 
because all of those are important. And we really think we got some very good things to talk about. 

<Q - Holden Lewis>: Okay. Surely. But those shifts certainly would have had no bearing on the past few months. So 
without being overly self reflective in this forum, I mean, can you talk about some of the things that six months ago, the 
bad decisions or the things that really weren't as tight as they should be and where we stand with those today? Just a 
few examples of sort of that behavior in the past six months or so. 

<A - Daniel Florness>: Well, the reason the first quarter was better, if you think, goes all the way back to July, we 
really tightened up our growth in support labor and some of the other areas and it reflected in the first quarter. Now, 
had we had better growth in the first quarter, we would look really good. 

<Q - Holden Lewis>: Right. For instance, I mean you added I think 400 or something people in Q1. March, you were 
pretty aggressive. I mean, typically hiring comes down in March from February. So, I mean, that hiring holiday is kind 
of past. I mean, does that suggest that maybe the incremental operating margins you are seeing in Q1 are a bit higher 
than maybe we would see in upcoming quarters. Is the primary issue is one of hiring or is that the wrong way to look at 
it? 

<A - Daniel Florness>: I think we would maintain the incremental margin. We believe we can. It really depends on 
what happens with our sales growth in the second, third quarter. 

<Q - Holden Lewis>: Okay. 

<A - Willard Oberton>: Holden, the one thing I would fill in there. If you look at the months of the year, the first two 
months we were holding in very tightly on the support side actually contracted. And in the third month of the quarter 
we continued to add folks into the store side. I mean, if you look at our head count growth in general, it's really about 
growth drivers and much less about support needs. What support we did add in March was really centered on the 
distribution side and that number was pretty nominal. 

<Q - Holden Lewis>: Right, okay. All right, thank you. 

Operator 

And we will take our last question from Michael Cox with Piper Jaffray. 

<Q - Michael Cox>: Good morning. Congratulations on the quarter. 

<A - Willard Oberton>: Thanks Mike. 

<Q - Michael Cox>: My first question is on the National Accounts business. I believe about a year ago you unveiled 
some restructuring to that segment of your business. So I was wondering if you could give us an update on how that's 
progressing. 

<A - Willard Oberton>: We continue to be – if I look at last year, we made some pretty dramatic changes to how we 
approach our strategic accounts, and we shuffled around the deck a bit on personnel. We asked Steve Rucinski who 
headed up our largest business unit to step into that role, because he had a very successful strategic accounts program in 
his previous role. I believe Steve has a good momentum in place. I don't want to go into much of details. We were 
planning on covering at our April 24 meeting generally speaking a discussion about how we want to report those 
numbers in the future to give you better visibility into what we're doing, and to give better visibility into the type of 
momentum we believe we have in place. But we believe Steve is making positive impact. As Will mentioned in his 
President's Letter, what we've seen as far as energy and activity in that group of customers, we see positive trends. Last 
week in Nashville we had our Customer Products Show and that Customer Products Show was really about bringing in 


our large customers, our strategic customers into a venue to talk to them about how we can help their business, how we 
can help them on the sourcing side, how we can help them manage their inventory, etcetera. And that show was the 
largest show we've ever had, and the amount of energy we had, the amount of interest we have, is quite staggering. 

<Q - Michael Cox>: Okay. In terms of the direct source that you called out as a gross margin driver, I was wondering 
if you could comment as to what that was as a percentage of your mix in this most recently completed quarter versus 
last year's first quarter. And then looking longer term where you feel that can go? 

<A - Daniel Florness>: What – really what we called out in the gross margin, we said about 20 basis points really 
related to the product margin improvement, some of which related to direct sourcing, some of which related to others. 
So you're looking at out of that 20 basis points, there's probably a 50-50 spilt. As far as the actual percentage for the 
quarter, if I looked at last year that number was in the 22 to 24% neighborhood, and that number will continue to inch 
up over time. I don't have the exact statistics for the first quarter. My suspicion will be somewhere in that 24% 
neighborhood. 

When we look at products that are sold through industrial distribution, and this isn't unique to Fastenal, this would be 
true of many of our competitors. We estimate close to 40% of the products that are sold – that are consumed in North 
America for maintenance needs and construction needs, probably 40% is produced outside of North America. And our 
challenge has been to, Scott Camp, who heads up our Shanghai business unit over there, has – can we grow that to – we 
don't believe we can grow that to 40%, because there will be some items in there we just don't have the volume to 
justify it. Can we move that up to the low 30s eventually? And maybe Will wants to touch on that a little bit. 

<A - Willard Oberton>: The 40% is the number that we've looked at about four years ago when we opened the office. 
I believe that the number actually has grown since then, because of the things produced, more and more manufacturers 
are moving production over there. Things that normally wouldn't have been imported, some of the higher value items, 
like electric motors and electrical components, power drills, which used to be generally North America, are moving 
there. But that number will continue to move up. 

Our goal is to narrow the gap between what the opportunity is and where we are. We should be able to grow our 
importing – our direct sourcing business at a much higher rate than our overall business, and we have over the last three 
to four years. So it'll continue to be an opportunity for us to improve our gross margins. 

One of the limiting or governing factors is, we offer a better/best strategy in most of our product, which means 
basically domestic and import, and so it's really up to the customer in many cases to decide which they want. We are 
finding a lot higher acceptance for the import items if the value and the quality is good, so that could accelerate the 
overall program. We are not going to cutoff our domestic products as some customers really want them and that's great. 

<Q - Michael Cox>: All right, that's very helpful. My last question and I don't mean to steal too much thunder from the 
upcoming analyst events in Indianapolis. But just wondering if you could give any sort of qualitative or quantitative 
update on the uptake that your store managers and sales reps have for the master hub concept in terms of relying on the 
master hub versus the previous way of doing business? 

<A - Willard Oberton>: The store people are very excited. As I stated in my President's Letter, adding all the product 
Indianapolis hasn't come without some bumps and bruises and maybe a couple of black eyes – not literally. We added a 
tremendous amount of product to the facility, and we are working through our systems and developing our people. But 
just this week we have a group of new district managers in. When someone becomes a district manager, they have to go 
through a training program and then do a business presentation to myself and Nick Lundquist. They have been in and 
we have talked to several of them and it's been very positive about having a broader – having the breadth of inventory. 
But we think what's going to be the real big step is our new catalogs coming out. I think it's actually being printed this 
week, will be coming out next week and that catalog matches up with the products in Indianapolis. So the sales people 
can walk, lay it on the customer's desk and say, "I have the product that's in this catalog," a very high percentage of the 
time. There are certain items that still come direct from the manufacturer, like material handing items, big bulky items. 
But to a high level – high degree, they can say we have this product and it will make life more efficient at the store and 
more profitable, anecdotally it's been very, very positive. 


<Q - Michael Cox>: Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

And that concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over Mr. Florness for any 
closing remarks. 

Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer 

I would like to thank everybody for listening in our conversation today. This is our second conference call. We 
resumed as everybody knows doing conference calls in January for our fourth quarter results. And we hope everybody 
on the call finds this venue useful and informative, and our intention is to continue this into the future. Again, I would 
invite folks to either attend or listen in on our Annual Meeting discussion next Tuesday at 10 o'clock Central Time and 
our Investor Day Presentation listen in on that, both of which will be simulcast over the web, the one in Indianapolis is 
at 9 o'clock East Coast Time... 

Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Central Time, 10 o'clock East Coast Time. 

Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer 

Yes; sorry about that. Thank you very much and have a good day. 

Operator 

Thank you everyone. That does conclude today's conference. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


