Q3 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Unverified Speaker 
• Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• David Manthey 
• Jeffrey Germanotta 
• Jeff Germanotta 
• Sam Darkatsh 
• Brent Rakers 
• Dan Garofalo 
• Holden Lewis 
• Adam Uhlman 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Fastenal Quarterly Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are 
in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session and instructions will follow at that time. 
[Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. 

I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Ellen Trester. 

Unverified Speaker 

Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2010 third quarter earnings conference call. This call will be hosted by Will 
Oberton, our Chief Executive Officer; and Dan Florness, our Chief Financial Officer. The call will last for up to 45 
minutes. The call will start with a general overview of our quarterly results and operations by Will and Dan with the 
remainder of the time being open for question and answers. 

Today's conference call is a proprietary Fastenal presentation and is being recorded by Fastenal. No recording, 
reproduction, transmission or distribution of today's call is permitted without Fastenal's consent. This call is being 
audio simulcast on the Internet via the Fastenal Investor Relations home page, investor.fastenal.com. A replay of the 
webcast will be available on the website until December 1, 2010 at midnight Central Time. 

As a reminder, today's conference call includes statements regarding the company's anticipated financial and operating 
results as well as other forward-looking statements based on current expectations as defined by the Private Securities 
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 

Forward-looking statements may be often be identified with words such as we expect, we anticipate, upcoming, or 
similar indications of future expectations. It is important to note that the company's actual results may differ material 
from those anticipated. Information on factors that could cause actual results to differ material from these 


forward-looking statements are contained in the company's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission, and we encourage you to review those carefully. 

Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements as there is no assurance that the 
matter contained in such statements will occur. Forward-looking statements are made of today's date only, and we 
undertake no duty to update the information provided on this call. 

I would now like to turn the call over to Will Oberton. Go ahead, Mr. Oberton. 

Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Ellen. I'd also like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. I'm very proud of the results we produced 
in the third quarter of 2010. Overall, I think we did a very good job. We continue to see strength in our top line revenue 
in all areas of our business. Geographically, in the United States we really don't see any weak spots at this time. You 
have stores in small areas that may not be doing as well, but overall we're seeing strength in all parts of the country, 
which is very encouraging. It's been a long time since we've seen that, even back in 2008 when we were doing well 
there were certain areas that were very slow. 

We had a particularly strong September and when you look at September, year-over-year the number was good at 
23.5%, but really the strength – the good numbers from September led to sequential growth because September is really 
the most difficult comp that we had from last year because we had a very good September – August-September last 
year, and we improved upon that in 2010. So we are very happy with those results. 

Both our Canadian and Mexican businesses are growing above the company average, and they're both becoming larger 
and actually meaningful part of our growth number at this point. The other international businesses, mainly Asia and 
Europe, are both doing very well and are also growing above the company averages. So outside of the United States, 
our business is very strong and the profitability of those businesses continues to improve as we become better at 
running the businesses and have greater sales revenue. 

At this time, the real strength in our business is being driven by our manufacturing customers and if you broke down 
the manufacturing customers, it's mainly the large ones. We're doing well with all sections and sizes and types of 
manufacturing businesses, but the large customers are driving our business, where we're seeing best growth out of that 
group of customers. 

But because of this we're also seeing pressure on our margin. Traditionally, the large manufacturing customers are also 
our lowest margin customers, so although our margin did go backwards from the second quarter, we're pretty 
comfortable with where we are and we're still very comfortable with that 52% margin range that we stated over the last 
year or two. We're going to have to work hard for it, but we also believe that over time our smaller customers in our 
construction business will pick back up and the mix will change more positively for our growth going forward. 

The entire Fastenal team did a really nice job in expense control, not only in the third quarter but throughout the entire 
year. The only area of expenses that really outgrew or was disproportionate to our sales growth was the commission 
and bonuses, which is as we say a very good problem. 

But even that will normalize in 2011 because in 2009 the commission and bonuses were at basically all-time low levels 
as a percentage of revenue, 2010 they were almost all-time high level and so 2011 that will normalize and should be 
able to show very good growth over those numbers from an earnings standpoint. 

We continued to add new stores in the third quarter. We added 45 new stores. We plan to end the year at somewhere 
between 125 and 130 new stores for the year which would give us about 35 to 40 stores for the rest of the year. And 
we're comfortable that we can get that done in the next two – mainly in the next two months and the beginning of 
December. 

From a head count standpoint, we continue to add people in our stores. We're not real aggressive with that. We do 
continue to add people in our stores mainly to support our existing and growing business but also some additional 


salespeople. 

On the support side, we've been really pretty tight. We've added – if you do a comparison where looking back at the 
numbers, if you look back to the start of our "pathway to profit" which was the first quarter of 2007, we actually, if you 
take out the 90 people we added for the Holo-Krome acquisition, we have fewer people in support today than we did in 
the first quarter of 2007. 

And I don't think we're squeezing it too hard. I think we're just working really hard at becoming more efficient with 
how we run our business and finding things that we maybe didn't have to do or can't do in the future, but overall the 
business seems to be running well. We're seeing very low turnover with our support help, so I don't think we're driving 
them out the door by driving them too hard. So we're very comfortable with where we are on the support help, and we 
believe we can continue to see that trend going forward. We'll have to add some additional people, but the trend of 
becoming more efficient should stay with us for a long time. 

Just changing to more of an overview or some thoughts on the business, I had a Fastenal board meeting yesterday, and I 
was talking to our board members and the one thing that I pointed out at the end of the meeting that I think is helping 
us do as well as we are and it's really the strength of our team. If you look at everywhere from the starting at the store 
managers, district managers, warehouse managers, RVPs and all the way to the top, our turnover has continued to go 
down and especially at the district, regional and hub manager levels, really the core of people running our business. 
And we continue to get stronger in those positions. And I believe that trend and the work that the people are doing there 
should bode well for the company and the shareholders for a long time going forward. 

And I really pounded that point yesterday with the board, and I want to make that point with our shareholders because 
it really is important. All of the numbers don't mean anything if you don't have the team on the field that really wants to 
win and that wants to work here and at that part of our business I think we're doing very well. 

With that I'm going to turn it over to Dan. Dan will give you a lot more color and granularity to the numbers. Thank 
you. 

Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Will and good morning everybody. And again thank you for participating in our call today. 

As you saw our sales trends continue to improve. If I look at the information that we break out on page two of our 
earnings release, we talk about the sequential patterns. In the first quarter, if you look at what our sequential patterns 
are doing relative to our benchmark period, we were beating those numbers on a sequential basis on average about 1%. 
So our sequential change, the delta was about 1% above. 

In the second quarter that moderated slightly down to about 0.4%. We're still beating it, but it moderated slightly. And 
in the third quarter, to be honest with you, I was surprised by this we continued to see – we saw that turnaround and we 
were beating that sequential pattern by about 1.4%. And as Will mentioned, a lot of that can be attributed to strength in 
our large account business, which is just growing quite well right now. Our largest account business, what we call our 
key account business is growing closer to low 30% neighborhood versus the overall business and giving us a nice surge 
in top line and gross profit dollars. 

And while that business as Will mentioned might carry a lower gross margins, the operating margins in that business is 
very attractive because over time, there's enough volume going there that you can manage your operating expenses 
quite effectively and garner a very attractive operating margin on the business. 

In addition to the sequential patterns, if you look at the chart we have on Page three, you can see that we now for the 
year, every month except for February, and February was really hurt a little bit because of weather, every other month 
of the year has been at or above our trend line, so we feel some comfort and sustainability of these trends. Therefore, as 
I'll touch on a little bit later, we allowed our inventory dollars to grow a little bit to support that business, but I'll touch 
on that in a few minutes. 


From an end market perspective and we added a couple new graphs to our earnings release, manufacturing business 
continued the positive trends, and we continued to see some upticks in our non-res construction business that we started 
to see in the June, July timeframe. 

If I look at where our daily average was in January and I fast forward that to September, our manufacturing business 
year-to-date is up 17%, daily average. Our construction business is actually up 24.4% from where it was January to 
September. 

Now, most of that is normal seasonality. Obviously in, and especially in the northern states, January is not exactly the 
best month to be doing outside construction work. September is a much better month, but that is a stronger number than 
we had seen in recent years. 

When I look at active account growth; active accounts up 2.8% in the month of September. That's a weaker number 
than we'd like to see. When you really look at it, if you look at our business and look under the hood of our business – 
we have a – we actually have more non-residential customers than we do manufacturing customers. We have a lot of 
small non-residential customers that do nominal amounts with us. The non-res construction segment, the active 
accounts there was actually down year-over-year, there's a lot of two, three, four, five, 10 person firms that have kind of 
disappeared into the woodwork, over the last 12 to 18 months and that's really hurting that number, and but overall our 
manufacturing business' active account growth is in the mid single digits. 

As Will mentioned on the "pathway to profit," our store head count has been stabilized since last fall. We're starting to 
grow that number, and I think we continue to do a nice job of managing that remaining piece of our operating expense 
– of our head count both the distribution and manufacturing group as well as the administrative support. 

Gross profit margin as Will touched on did slip a bit from Q2 to Q3, dropped about 35 basis points. And again, when 
you look, again under the hood, really driven by the end market mix change, what we slipped our transactional margins 

– slipped about 25 basis points and our organizational profit, the second component of that slipped about 10. But it's 
really driven by the end market change, largely on customers – fewer non-res construction customers, smaller 
customers in the mix. 
Operating administrative expenses overall managed it well. The growth there is all centered on incentive compensation. 
Store commission, profitability bonuses throughout the organization, profit-sharing contributions throughout the 
organization, and if I look at that year-over-year, that number is up – those three things combined are up over 100% 
from where they were a year ago. Sequentially, though, they're up about 6.5%, which is much more in line with the 
7.6% sequential growth in pre-tax. 

From a working capital standpoint, we continue to manage our working capital I believe well. Accounts receivable 
grew nominally more than sales and that's really attributed to the fact that again, similar to our gross margin discussion, 
large accounts – large customers drove a lot of our sales growth and they often times have the ability to negotiate terms 
that maybe are slightly better than our overall average business. 

Inventory, while we did – our goal was to hold it flat. We did allow it to grow to support the added business because 
what we provide to our customers, we are their source of supply. They essentially outsource procurement of a lot of 
these products to us. We will not betray that trust. We will stand ready to support their needs throughout their business 
cycle. And therefore we allowed the inventory to grow somewhat. 

From a cash flow standpoint, when we started the "pathway to profit" our stated goal consisted of really three numbers, 
an operating cash flow that would run somewhere between 80 and 90% of our net earnings. We would spend 
somewhere in the neighborhood of 25% of that number over time we felt on capital expenditures, which would leave 
55 to 65% of our net earnings available in the form of free cash. 

Year-to-date we generated 83.1% of earnings in operating cash flow. We spent about 20% of that in CapEx 
infrastructure to support future growth. Free cash flow, which in, our definition is operating cash flow less CapEx came 
in at 63.4. 

With that, I will turn it over to the narrator for Q&A, and I'll take your calls. Thank you. 


Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from David Manthey from Robert W. Baird. 

<Q - David Manthey>: Hi guys, good morning. 

<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Good morning, Dave. 

<A - Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer>: Good morning, Dave. 

<Q - David Manthey>: Hey, I was wondering, could you tell us are large manufacturing customers growing faster on a 
same customer basis or do you think you're gaining disproportionate market share there? 

<A - Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, first off, I do know when 
we look at not just 2010, but we look at 2009 and even quite frankly 2008, when I sit down with Lee, Nick, and Steve 
who head up our three business units, the one comment they had for me throughout 2009 and again in 2010 is the rate 
at which we were signing up our large account business was faster in that timeframe than it had been in '05 and '06. 

And sometimes what happens is when companies are busy, sometimes you're less inclined to make changes to things 
because you're too busy to do it because changing a supplier or making changes to your business requires a tremendous 
amount of energy and sometimes you just don't have that energy left over at the end of the day to make those changes. 
And so we saw – so I do know in 2008, 2009 and '10, we have been gaining market share. With that said when I look at 
it on a customer-by-customer basis that business was mauled a year ago. That business was off dramatically. It wasn't 
uncommon to see a customer down 35, 40, 45%. And so a good chunk of this is sheer dollar per customer gain on a 
year-over-year basis, but we are taking market share. 

<Q - David Manthey>: Okay. And then second, could you maybe discuss the pricing environment? I believe you're 
getting some positive movement earlier in the year and now that sounds about zero? Base on what you're buying today 
what is your outlook say over the next three to six months for the pricing environment on fasteners? 

<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Dave, this is Will. Based on what we're 
seeing today we don't see much change going over the next two to three – let's say the next two quarters. Steel had been 
going up, it went back down and it's kind of even or leveled out at the level it's been for quite some time. So right now 
there is almost nothing going on with pricing. We have had some of our suppliers coming in looking to push some 
pricing for the beginning of next year. Right now we're fighting that off, some will probably stick, most of it will get 
pushed back. The demand is still not great. 

<Q - David Manthey>: Right. Okay, guys. Thanks very much. 

<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Dave. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Germanotta from William Blair. 

<Q - Jeffrey Germanotta>: Hi, I'm interested to know what you're gleaning from your larger manufacturing and 
construction customers regarding the 2011 outlook? 

<A - Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer>: Jeff, could you do me a favor? 
The first part of your question didn't come through. Could you restate it please? 


<Q - Jeffrey Germanotta>: Oh, sure. Regarding your larger accounts, can you share any insights into what you're 
hearing from them regarding their 2011 outlook for manufacturing and non-residential construction? 

<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I can't comment on the non-residential 
construction Jeff because I haven't been out with many of our large construction customers, but I have visited with 
several large manufacturing customers and pretty much I can't think of any that were not positive for 2011 at least for 
the first half of 2011 and many of them were basing it on their order backlogs that they continue to see a certain amount 
of strength. It's not like on fire, but they are seeing strength in the backlogs, they're looking at adding people and they're 
actually looking for a very good 2011 and that has been a broad group of customers I spoke with over the last probably 
eight weeks. So we're feeling very good about that from what we're hearing from those customers. 

<Q - Jeffrey Germanotta>: And as you look to next year and assuming we're in a moderate growth – economic 
growth environment, do you think that incremental operating profit margins which have been running up 30s, 40%, can 
still be sustained above a 30% level in 2011? 

<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, we do. 

<Q - Jeffrey Germanotta>: Thank you. 

<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Then the one thing I'll add there Jeff, the reason 
we believe we can is because we're not going to have that unusual growth in the bonuses and commissions. 

<A - Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. All of the variable expenses 
should pretty much be back at this point so we're going to have a flat or more level year-over-year comparison. 

<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And an easier comparison to understand and 
model. 

<Q - Jeff Germanotta>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James. 

<Q - Sam Darkatsh>: Good morning, Will, Dan, how are you? 

<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Sam. 

<A - Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer>: Good Sam. 

<Q - Sam Darkatsh>: Could you give us an early read as to your store opening plans for 2011, do you still anticipate 
this 14 to 15 stores per month level or would that accelerate a little bit based on what you're seeing now from a comp 
standpoint? 

<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Right now, if our sales continue strong, if we see 
the trends that we're seeing today with nice sequential pattern at or above the line, we would envision going back to a 
more normalized rate of that 7 to 9% or 6 to 10% range of new store openings in 2011. And we're feeling pretty good 
about that sticking after September and what we're seeing today. So I guess I'd have to do the math in my head, but it 
would be something like 150 to 170 stores. 

<Q - Sam Darkatsh>: So I guess, would there be a milepost in terms of – the comparisons get more difficult I suppose 
by year end around November-December, so is that when the decision for the store opening plans for next year get 
made or what should we look at from that standpoint? 

<A - Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sam, I don't think that it's so 
much about the year-over-year growth numbers. I think it's more about what's the sequential pattern. You know, when 
you look at the dramatic fluctuations you've had over the last 18 to 24 months, sometimes the only sanity you can get or 


clarity you can get to your business is looking at the sequential patterns because again when your comparisons are 
changing so wildly, they become less meaningful. So it's really about us, when we look out to historically 
September-October is our high watermark of the year as far as daily sales average. From October to January, you'd pick 
up maybe 90 basis points in additional daily sales and then you start that stairway for the next year of where do we get 
to by September-October. 

Providing we continue to see things we're seeing today, which are positive to that historical trend line, that's what really 
builds confidence in your business and which is where we are today. And the only wild card that comes into play in my 
mind is when you look at things that are going on. 

For example, a lot of the investments we're making internationally, as Will touched on earlier, doesn't necessarily 
translate into always so many stores because we're going into new markets and sometimes the footprint of that market 
manifests itself a little differently. But generally speaking, we're fairly optimistic when we look out to 2011, and we're 
Midwestern and conservative almost on the verge of being boring. 

<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Maybe beyond the verge, but one thing I would 
clarify is our accounts don't really get a lot more difficult Sam because on a sequential basis we've started seeing our 
improvement in August of 2009, and we have very good sequential terms. Like I said, September – August to 
September last year was very strong, so the comps don't get any more difficult as long as we keep hitting our monthly 
numbers. 

<Q - Sam Darkatsh>: The second question I had the share repurchase activity. You have the authorization. Is it a 
matter of being price sensitive? Is it a matter of you pay the dividend twice a year, So your free cash flow will be better 
next quarter than this, what are your thoughts Dan in terms of incremental share repurchase from here? 

<A - Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer>: We've been pretty quiet on it. We 
bought some late in 2009 and the thing you struggle with on it is – and we had this issue even late in 2008. We decided 
to make a supplemental dividend payment. Because we looked at it at the time, and we said is our valuation low from a 
historical standpoint? Absolutely. But you could say that about virtually every company that was out there. And we 
really looked at it at the time and we continue to think this way and look at it and say at the end of the day the cash 
that's sitting on our balance sheet belongs to shareholders that hold 150 million shares of Fastenal stock and try to 
understand what's the best way to utilize that cash for them. 

In 2008, we saw it as additional dividend. We increased our dividend meaningfully in each of the last two years. 
However, we, in 2010 have chosen not to be in the market because we still waver between what is the best value, what 
is the best return for our shareholders. And we're also consciously paying attention to what's going on in the 
marketplace as far as tax rates on different types of activities and where that might go in the future and not far ahead of 
myself but a long way of saying we don't have a definitive plan on where do we step in and buy, where do we not. But 
we continue to make the problem worse for our self by throwing off one heck of a lot of cash with our business. And 
that's a good problem. 

<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: But for a company our size to have a couple 
hundred million dollars in cash is not an unusually high number. We're pretty comfortable with that going forward. 

<Q - Sam Darkatsh>: Thank you much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Brent Rakers from Morgan Keegan. 

<Q - Brent Rakers>: Yes, good morning. Just wanted to follow-up with I think an earlier question on the 
compensation, the payroll growth numbers. Was hoping you could maybe give us a little bit – you've talked about how 
much the bonus comp and some of the incentive comp was up year-over-year. But maybe if you could maybe dissect a 
little bit more, your FTE numbers company-wide have gone up about 700 year-to-date. I was hoping you could give us 


a sense for how much contribution the employee additions, the new employee additions are actually contributing to that 
number? 

<A - Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer>: About 6, 7%. 

<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It would actually be a little lower than that 
because they've come in below the company average. 

<A - Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. And the – our 
non-incentive compensation is up greater than that number. But the delta between that 6% point or whatever in the 
actual number is really because as we've gotten busier, our hours worked per employee have gone up as well, so that's 
driven a piece of the increase probably 40% of the increase. 

<Q - Brent Rakers>: Okay. And then somewhat related to that. You've done a good job holding down the support 
employee numbers, but I think in this quarter sequentially the support employee growth actually, I think, exceeded the 
store-based employee growth and just wondered if you can give us a better sense for direction of where you think those 
two classes will go in the future? 

<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: The support employee growth will go down. A 
lot of what was – drove it in the third quarter was hours in the warehouses. Go ahead, Dan. 

<A - Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer>: And we added a few support 
people in a few subsets of business. In the manufacturing area we added some sales reps, and we added some people in 
the regional business units to support some of our large account business and then we added some additional 
government personnel. 

<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And so at some level of support versus sales is 
really not correct because all of our outside salespeople that are working in national accounts and those areas fall into 
the support side. So a lot of the support side is actually sales but anyway, going forward we believe that most of our 
growth will be coming on the store side of the group of people and the support side with the exception of adding some 
sales specialists will be very flat. 

<Q - Brent Rakers>: Great. And just last question, on the occupancy costs in the quarter, a bigger jump than we've 
been seeing recently. We had a record summer heat wave I think nationally, just wondered how much – if utility costs 
were a significant component of that? 

<A - Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer>: Utility cost was a very 
meaningful piece of that sequential increase and a couple things in there. One, obviously the cooling costs were quite a 
bit higher than they were a year ago. Another piece that falls into our occupancy that is new is our new Holo-Krome 
business and their business is ramping up nicely and there's some additional costs there on the heating and 


<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Heat treatment costs. 

<A - Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer>: Heat treatment costs. Thank you. 

<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It's a big energy consumer, heat-treating steel 
fasteners. 

<Q - Brent Rakers>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Dan Garofalo with Piper Jaffray. 

<Q - Dan Garofalo>: Hi, guys. It's Dan on for Tom Hayes today. 

<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hi. 


<Q - Dan Garofalo>: Hey, guys. Just wondering if anything other than the mix that you've brought up in your 
comments perhaps something from a promotional standpoint contributed to kind of a sequential easing in gross margins 
that we saw? 

<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No. I think it was pretty much driven by 
customer mix. We do have a big promotion or we have big promotions twice a year, once in March and once in 
August-September. I suppose that has a little effect, pretty minimal. I mean 


<Q - Dan Garofalo>: Okay. 

<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: – it would be hard to measure that, but the way 
we slice it up, we sold more product to large metal manufacturers, and they traditionally carry a lower gross margin. 

<Q - Dan Garofalo>: Very good, and so you had mentioned in your prepared comments, the non-res segment likely 
coming back slow. But you mentioned the 24.4% January to September delta, which was above kind of the historic 
norm. How is that matched up with your expectations and heading into 2011 would you say that trajectory seems 
sustainable? 

<A - Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, I guess from our standpoint, 
it matches up reasonably well with what we expected earlier in the year and maybe that 24% to be honest with you, if 
you'd asked me in January I would have probably looked at a 22-ish number because that's really, so much of that is 
about seasonality. What it demonstrates for me, and we really started seeing this when we got into about the May 
timeframe, April timeframe is that last August we believe was the bottom month for the non-res construction business 
in our business as far as from a trend standpoint. And that's really what caused August of 2009 to be our bottom month 
as far as overall business because that last piece stopped killing us. 

You don't feel real comfortable in getting too excited about it when you're looking at trend numbers in October, 
November and December because it's seasonally such a weak period for construction, you don't know if you're reading 
it wrong. When you get into April and May and you see the trends continuing to be positive, what you know is normal 
seasonality has kicked in and yes indeed that business has – is not getting worse. It's getting slightly better. It hasn't – 
but it's not like it's on fire. It just hasn't gotten worse. It's gotten slightly better. 

<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: The areas of non-res construction that we will 
need to see improvement in or continue to do well would be power generation, all of the energy areas because they're 
just not going to see a lot of non-res construction in building shopping centers and residential areas like we did five and 
six, seven years ago. They aren't putting up Home Depot's and Target's by the hundreds today. That was a great part of 
our business. But it has to come in energy, infrastructure and highway and bridge for us to do well. 

<Q - Dan Garofalo>: So it sounds like you're maybe cautiously optimistic for the seasonal ramp up in 2011 at this 
point, right? 

<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. 

<Q - Dan Garofalo>: Okay. And just one last quick one, what's the mix look like in new store openings, are a lot of 
those non-res or manufacturing or can you give us any color on the mix of the new openings? 

<A - Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer>: You mean who the end markets 
are? 

<Q - Dan Garofalo>: Yes. 

<A - Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer>: There really won't be an 
appreciable difference. If there is any difference it's because of what geography it's in. If it's in this state or that state it 
might have a bias because that state has a bias. But short of that, a new store we opened should mirror a store that's two 
hours away or an hour away. 


<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think if you took the growth – if you took the 
90 stores we've opened this year and blended their businesses, they'd look very similar to the company numbers 
statistically. 

<Q - Dan Garofalo>: Thanks for taking the questions. 

<A - Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Holden Lewis with BB&T. 

<Q - Holden Lewis>: Great, thank you. 

<A - Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer>: Holden, good morning. 

<Q - Holden Lewis>: You sort of alluded, I think, to the fact that your cost structure right now is kind of in the process 
or has largely normalized. And so I guess being aware that you're so close to sort of historical peak margins at this 
point, I guess I'm just curious when you look forward, without necessarily getting into the exact date, what pieces of the 
margin pie do you think that there's good progress being made on? 

Because obviously vendor rebates are kind of flattening out and the price cost piece looks like it's flattening out. I don't 
know how much more you have in terms of the transportation initiative or if you think there's something on occupancy. 
But when you think about all your margin pieces, what pieces do you think that you have meaningful margin 
opportunity in the next 12 months or the next 24 months to continue to drive the margins higher and keep those 
incremental margins above 30? 

<A - Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer>: You mean the operating – drive 
the operating margins higher or the gross margins? 

<Q - Holden Lewis>: Well, I mean, pieces that might affect one or both? 

<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, on the gross margin, which will drive to 
the bottom, I think, importing and private label we still have a lot of opportunity there. That got slowed down a little bit 
because we weren't growing our business a year ago, so it's hard to introduce new products when you don't have the 
growth. 

<A - Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer>: And we're in that inventory 
contraction mode. 

<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, so we have a nice opportunity there. Other 
things, one is support labor. If we were to – support labor makes up something like 7, 7.5% of sales. If we grow our 
business by say 20% next year, not saying we will, but if we were to, and that only grows by 5 to 10. There's a nice 
incremental improvement. 

Occupancy is another one if we grow – were to grow our business well above our 6 to 10% store opening rate, another 
very big improvement because occupancy is our second largest expense behind labor. 

<A - Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer>: I'll just add in a piece on 
occupancy. When we started the "pathway to profit," and we talked about the 500 basis points increase improvement in 
our operating margin, it was largely an operating expense discussion. About 60% of that was going to come from labor 
efficiencies over time because we didn't need to add as much support infrastructure to support that sales growth, so 
about 300 basis points of labor efficiency and about 200 basis points of occupancy efficiency. And that efficiency in 
occupancy was all about growing our average store size because the occupancy expense on a per store basis doesn't 
change when you go from 50 to 100,000 appreciably. 


And when I look at the third quarter numbers as an example, of that 200 basis points of operating margin expansion 
that we were getting from occupancy alone, 160 of that is still on the table, but what needs to happen to get that is our 
average store size needs to continue to grow, and run away from if you will, that occupancy, that fixed occupancy 
expense. 

<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: The – one thing I'll point out, talking about 
"pathway to profit" that I was very happy with when I said if you look on the report where we show the profitability by 
store size. The group that shows 60 to 100,000 in monthly revenue was at 22.7% pre-tax, which is only 30 basis points 
off our "pathway to profitability". But these stores are only about 60% the size. 

So we've really done a nice job, but it really tells me is that we don't need to get to the 125,000 because of all of the 
things we're doing and so the goal of "pathway to profit" 23% is not as far away as we once thought it was. So those are 
very encouraging numbers, and we still have a lot of opportunity. 

One other thing and I was going to touch on this was we also have opportunity in distribution for next year because we 
don't plan to open any large distribution centers. In the last couple of years, we've invested very heavily in Indianapolis 
and some of our other distribution centers, Dallas to mention another one. That's pretty much behind us, so we're going 
to start leveraging that fixed cost as we go forward with higher revenue mix. 

<Q - Holden Lewis>: Okay. So there's really not a lot of internal initiatives that you're working on. It's mostly just 
eliminating the cost creep as the revenues go up at this point. So you're kind of in farming mode? 

<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No. I think we're continuing to work on the same 
things, transportation, support. There's only so many pieces to our business that we can't go out and create new things 
to say, but just looking at the business we believe that we have a lot of head room on all of the things we mentioned to 
improve those areas of the business as a percentage of revenue, even though we have no new initiatives like we did 
when we started our transportation initiative. 

<Q - Holden Lewis>: All right. Thanks, guys. 

<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Holden. 

<A - Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks, Holden. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research. 

<Q - Adam Uhlman>: Hi, guys. Good morning. 

<A - Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer>: Hi, Adam. 

<Q - Adam Uhlman>: Just a couple of quick clarifications. First of all, for the fourth quarter store openings, is it 
correct to say you're looking at the lower end of the second half target of 80 to 95 stores? Did I hear you correctly 
you're looking at 35 to 40, is that right? 

<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think, I said 


<A - Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. It would be 80 to 95. 

<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. 

<A - Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer>: And about mid-point of that 
range. 

<Q - Adam Uhlman>: Okay, and then Dan, you mentioned that non-res active accounts are a greater percent of the 
customer base than the revenue from those customers. Could you flesh that out with some data behind it? Is it actually 


like half of the actives or what would that look like? 

<A - Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer>: Oh, gosh. It's not quite half the 
actives. If you look at all of our customer groups we have a lot of active customers in the respective groups. But if I 
looked at it relative to our manufacturing group of customers, it's about 20% bigger. 

<Q - Adam Uhlman>: Okay, got it. 

<A - Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sometimes the data gets a little 
dizzying because there's different pieces that we identify in different ways. Suffice it to say, non-res construction is our 
largest customer group by number of customers, but clearly not our largest revenue group because if you think about 
our business model and what we bring to the table, a lot of those subcontractors that are working on these job, we are a 
great supplier of them because we provide them the ability to be unbelievably flexible in their day-to-day business 
plans. 

<Q - Adam Uhlman>: Okay, got it. And then the last question, the new stores that are under two years old seem to be 
generating a bit more revenue per location than they did in the past, and I'm wondering if the new stores that are being 
opened up are larger format or if you're just having better success with location planning. Could you just talk to that 
dynamic a little bit? 

<A - Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, I guess when I look at it 
over – really I think that's been something that's been – the comment you made has been true for a number of years 
now. I attribute a good part of that to our CSP initiative we did earlier in the decade. When we open a store – look, 
we're putting a better offering of inventory, we're going into a better location, but this isn't something that's new in the 
last two years. This is something that's really been going on four or five years where we just have a better business than 
when we start out. Will? 

<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And I think at some level when you open fewer 
stores you pick the best locations, the best managers, everything, you're picking the top quartile just because that's all 
you have to do or the top half. So we should expect a little better results when we open fewer stores, especially from a 
personnel standpoint, we have more qualified people because we pick the best ones that are lined up. 

<Q - Adam Uhlman>: Got it. Great. Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Matt Warren from Morningstar. 

<A - Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer>: Good morning, Matt. 

<Q>: Yeah. This is actually Steven Gregory at Mandalay Research, a couple of questions, Will. A couple of months 
ago in the Wall Street Journal they talked about how in 2011 e-commerce is going to be a driving initiative for a lot of 
companies to provide incremental leverage to the bottom line or the top line. What are you guys doing in terms of – can 
you provide color as to what some of your e-commerce visions are going forward and how do you plan to take your 
company there? 

<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: From an e-commerce standpoint, we've pushed 
very hard internally to go out. We see e-commerce a little different than others because we have the brick and mortar 
out there. So our plan for e-commerce and it seems to be working well, although it's small, is to get our customers in 
the local market to place orders off the Web using it as an order, a search method and an order placing mechanism 
through our local place of business. 

So if they want to buy it just like they do from Amazon and have it shipped in we're happy to do that, but most 
customers would rather have the product delivered locally if they can. So what we need to do as an organization, we 
need to go out to our existing customers and all the customers in the area, introduce them to fastenal.com, which is a 


very good website, has a very good search engine, show them what we're capable of doing and change their habits from 
picking up the telephone and calling us to turning around to their keyboard and placing an order with us electronically. 

The benefit to us, one is they see a lot broader product offering. Two is we can download their customized pricing for 
them, so we don't have to look it up every time they call. And three is if the order comes in electronically, it does save 
us time and energy in processing the order because it's already in the system. They entered it instead of one of our 
people entering it. 

So we recognize the benefits of it. We have a very strong initiative internally. Nevertheless, we're basically throughout 
2010 we've seen a tremendous increase in the activity, but we have a long ways to go. I'm the first one to admit that's 
one area where Fastenal is probably not the leader in industrial distribution, but we plan to catch up and pass people as 
time goes on and we're going to do it fast. 

<Q>: Talked about. 

<A - Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer>: If I could add one? 

<Q>: What is your percentage of revenue that you're actually getting from the Fastenal site? And where would you like 
that to be? 

<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We don't actually put those numbers out, but the 
number is low. 

<Q>: Okay. But you like the job, you're really trying to drive more people to try to improve that revenue stream? 

<A - Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer>: Matt, (sic) Steven could you 
repeat it? You're really – having a difficult time understanding your question. 

<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We can't hear you. 

<Q>: Yeah, you're looking to drive more people to the site to definitely improve revenue stream that's probably your 
top initiative this year? 

<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Our top initiative is introducing the site to our 
customers and driving revenue so that we have more customers familiar with it. I don't think we'll ever have a very high 

– I mean, I don't – we'll never be more than 50% because it doesn't really work well for our bin stock business, our 
vending business and our line stock business. And so it's really about the MRO unplanned spend part of our business. I 
mean, it should realistically, it could grow to 20 or 30% of our revenue some day, but that's far into the future. 
<Q>: I saw you guys are doing a lot through social media in terms of like Facebook and Twitter. What are you guys 
doing in terms of mobile? Is that something you've already done or looked into where customers can download an app 
and go directly to your store and order from their iPhone? 

<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think we have – I know they are working, I'm 
probably the wrong guy to be talking about it Matt (sic) [Steven] but I'd be happy to put you in touch with the person 
who runs it for us. I can barely run my own cell phone. It's not that bad. 

<Q>: Final question. Going forward for 2011, what would you like to say to everyone on the call, the shareholders is 
your top goal for really take the company to the next level and how do you – what would you add to get there? 

<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: What is our top goal to take the company to the 
next level? 

<Q>: Yeah. 

<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Continue to drive the pathway to profitability – 
basically the revenue and "pathway to profit." So, we're working very, very hard at making our business more efficient. 
I'm a very strong believer and the company that wins in the long run is the one that has the most efficient machine for 


delivering product to the customers, simple, efficient. 

And so we're going to continue to work on "pathway to profit" and just improve our model from a manufacturer 
somewhere in the world to a customer somewhere else, and the one who can do that in the most efficient way is the one 
who's going to get the greatest return to their employees and shareholders. 

<Q>: Good job. Thank you very much. 

<A - Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 

Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer 

This is Dan. With that, we are at 9:47 Central Time. So we've hit the limit of our call. Again, thank you for your 
interest in Fastenal and your support of Fastenal. We hope this call was informative as well as the earnings release we 
put out early this morning. Typical at the end of a call, it's not uncommon for me to get a couple calls from our analyst 
community. 

I would ask that you hold those calls off for about an hour this morning, a few minutes before the call I got word that 
my 90-year old uncle passed away and I'm going to give my cousin a call and share some memories with him. I was 
blessed from the standpoint of having an uncle that he lived 90 years, was a pilot in World War II in North Africa and I 
have a ton of respect for him and I want to make sure my cousin knows that. Thank you. [inaudible] 

Operator 

Ladies and Gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may 
all disconnect. Have a great day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


