Company Name: Fastenal 
Company Ticker: FAST US 
Date: 2007-01-19 
Event Description: Q4 2006 Earnings Call 

Q4 2006 Earnings Call 

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Welcome to the Fastenal Company 2006 Annual and 2006 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This call will be 
hosted by Mr. Will Oberton, Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Dan Florness, Chief Financial Officer. The call will last 
for up to 40 minutes. The call will start with a general overview by our Fastenal hosts, Mr. Oberton and Mr. Florness. 
The reminder – the remainder of the time will be open for questions and answers. 

As a reminder, certain statements contained in this discussion are not historical facts, but are forward-looking 
statements and are thus prospective. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other 
factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such 
forward-looking statements. More information regarding such risks can be found in Fastenal's quarterly and annual 
SEC filings. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Florness. Please go ahead, sir. 

Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you Maria. First off, I would like to welcome everybody to this call, and also listening on the phone, and some 
over the internet. One item that I wanted to touch on, a question I've received, is why are you doing a conference call 
and will it continue? 

First off, on the why, there's really four overriding reasons why we are doing a conference call. One, we believe it 
enhances our ability to be more transparent to our shareholders, to explain what we are doing as we progress through – 
through the year and into the next. Second, we believe it's a more efficient venue for both Fastenal and for our 
shareholders that either own and/or follow the stock. Third, we believe it provides more flexibility for our shareholders 
to be able to listen to the information, whether it be currently or at a later date and this recording will be out on the 
internet on our website for a 2-week period following today. 

Finally, as with all companies, we are conscious of Reg. FD and we believe that enhances our ability to remain in 
compliance with the intent of that law. As far as will it continue, it's really going to – we are going to do this for several 
calls. We are going to speak – get feedback from our shareholders on what – do they like it? Does it enhance our 
communication to them? If the answer of that is yes, we will continue it, if not, we will revert back to our press releases 
as we have historically done. With that, I will switch over to Will to give some highlights on the quarter. Go ahead, 
Will. 

Willard D. Oberton, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Good morning. Before I start, I would also like to say that Nick Lundquist, our Chief Operating Officer is also with us 
to today. So when it comes to the Q&A, if you have any specific sales questions, you could address them to Nick also. 

Touching on the quarter, from a sales standpoint, as you know, we came in at 16.8%. What we are really seeing on 
sales is pretty steady patterns from the late summer time period throughout the rest of the year. We were a little 
disappointed with December, but we always have a very hard time determining where December is going to come in, 
with holidays and plant shutdowns. It's the most wildcard month that we have throughout the year. 

Looking forward a little bit, the first two weeks of January, we are in a similar trend. We see our growth rate similar to 
where we were in the fourth quarter, which with that, we are pretty comfortable from a starting stand – or from a 
standpoint that it's not slowing down anymore. We are not seeing a slowdown at this point. So, we are very happy 


about that. 

Earnings standpoint, we came in at 16.4% earnings growth. We are disappointed that we missed the street consensus. 
But we are really pretty comfortable with our expense control. We have actually moved the fulcrum of the breakeven 
point down over the years. It was not many years ago that we needed at least 25% top-line growth to have any earnings 
leverage. With 16.8% sales growth and 16.4% earnings growth, we are kind of in the balance there, and it really wasn't 
an expense issue. We lost a little – few basis points in the margin. So from expense control, we are in good shape, 
especially considering the investments that we made in 2006 with the store openings and the big push on 163 CSP2 
stores. 

We are in a good position with labor. We have done a nice job of controlling our head count and we are very 
comfortable with where we are from a labor standpoint, again, going into the new year. I mentioned margin, our margin 
came in at 49.9%, which is a little lower than we had hoped for, but Dan and I have stated many times that we believe 
we are a 50% margin company. For the year, we came in at 50.2%. We had two quarters below 50, two quarters above 
50, and we are really staying right where we think we can stay going forward. We are running the company based on a 
50% margin return – or a report, excuse me. 

The one area the – of our earnings release that – really the biggest negative in it, would be our inventory growth. And I 
just want to touch a little bit on the inventory growth and Dan is going to touch more there. First thing is that a lot of 
what happened was actually planned. Our Indianapolis distribution project, which I have talked about many times 
throughout the year, where we – we're expanding our stocking SKUs from about 28,000 to 120,000. We are about 90% 
complete on that project now and that added an additional $8 million of inventory in the quarter. 

The year-end buys came in – year-end buys, and I mean to say that – that's when our suppliers come to us with deals 
that in many cases are too good to pass up. Considering where the inventory came in at the end, maybe we were a little 
aggressive there, but most of these deals, when you annualize the return, the deals the deals that Dan and I accepted 
which added up to $8 million, give us an annualized return between 30 and 60%, and hopefully, we never get to the 
point where we are so concerned about a short-term problem that we are passing up those deals, and that's where we 
still are today, where people are just giving us a great deal so they can make their numbers, and we are normally in a 
cash position to take advantage of that. That was, as I said, another $8 million. 

The third part of the inventory growth, and really the biggest part, is concerning our import products that we bring in 
from our FASTCO Trading Company. The way they operate is, they are placed – for the product that comes in in the 
fourth quarter, that's normally going to be purchased in the June-July timeframe, about 3 to 5 months out. So, when 
they were placing these orders in the June-July timeframe, they were looking at a higher sales growth rate, we were 
looking at low 20's or in the 20% range, not the 17% range. And so they were buying a little heavier than we should 
have, but then something else happened. There was a, there has been a slight slowdown with our producers in China, 
and so the lead time shortened up. So, when you put the two pieces together of our lower sales, or higher projections, 
along with the shorter lead times, we had an import, or a buildup in our import inventories of $10 million in the quarter 
that we did not expect, and that's really was the wildcard that threw us off. 

Now, on a positive note on that, this is all very good inventory, bought at a great price, and it's product that we will sell 
through. If you look at the difference of where we came in and where we should have came in, it's about a four or five 
day selling period that it takes to sell through that inventory. We've worked very hard to communicate this problem to 
the field, and I am very confident that we will correct it very quickly and be back in good shape for sure within the first 
six months of the year. And we will, we should make some very good progress in the first three months. 

With that, I will turn it – oh, excuse me – I missed one point. Going into 2007, based on the way the fourth quarter 
ended from a sales standpoint and where January is starting out, we plan to run it business as usual. We will continue to 
open stores at our rate of somewhere between 13 and 16% or 13 and 17, I am not sure of the latest, but roughly 265 to 
300 stores in the very high end for 2007. We plan to continue to convert stores to the CSP2 format; we are still 
comfortable with how that's going. And run – it's really business as usual going into 2007 from our current viewpoint. 

Now with that, I will turn it back over to Dan, thank you. 

Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 


What I would like to cover is just, highlight a few points in our earnings release that went out at 7 o'clock this morning, 
and first one relates really to the page one, which is primarily about the results of the quarter and really top-line. As 
Will touched on, we believe that our sales trends are in a stable fashion. Again, December is always an – somewhat an 
oddity of a month, I think in my 10 years with the Fastenal organization, there is very few where I have actually 
understood what happens in December, again, because of the things that can happen in the latter half or latter week of 
the month. 

The, from a current initiative standpoint, on page two, we continue to make progress and improve from our, on our 
freight initiative. The, when I look at the improvements that we continue to see in our ability to move product and how 
that enhances with our master hub strategy with Minneapolis, I think that positions us well going into 2007. On a 
working capital standpoint, the AR call center, which we put in place in early 2005, we continued to yield benefits from 
that. As you can see from our table actually on page four, our accounts receivable growth continued to lag behind sales 
growth, and while that gap is narrowing as we continue to improve and to come across more difficult comps, it has 
freed up a tremendous amount of cash for us to reinvest in the business. 

On the inventory, as Will indicated, there is some work we need to do there. Looking back at history, and history is 
often a good indicator of ability to respond to growth, if I go back to the 2003 timeframe in reaction to the growth that 
occurred late in '02 and in the early part of '03, we actually had a six-month period where we not only held inventory 
flat, we contracted inventory by about 12 million. So, I feel comfortable that in the first three to six months of 2007, we 
will correct the inventory buildup that occurred late in the year, and then reiterate a few of the points that Will made, 
the – we did exercise some opportunities late in the year. We feel from a financial standpoint they were very attractive 
opportunities for the Fastenal organization. We would do that again, given the opportunity. 

Secondly, as we indicated, if we look at our projections from last summer, the sales did moderate in the latter third of 
the year, and some outbound of products, some selling of products didn't occur that we originally anticipated. And the 
import products that we have, the speed of that process, some of it related to manufacturing capacity in the Southeast 
Asia as well as improvements in our FASTCO organization in Southeast Asia, we have gotten better at procuring. Now 
we need to correct some of our purchasing patterns to reflect the ability we have to move products around the continent 

– around the globe. 
Looking into 2007, we have identified some very nice opportunities within both our stores and our distribution centers. 
On the distribution center side, we are looking at, with the buildup in inventory in our Indianapolis facility, we have 
been really challenging ourselves on the amount of safety stock that we need to stock in our remaining distribution 
centers. We have identified dollars, both CSP and non-CSP, and it is primarily non-fastener dollars that we feel we can 
lean up in our distribution centers because of the safety stock we now have built into our master hub. 

If I look at our master hub, we finished the year with about $45 million of inventory in Indianapolis; that includes both 
the inventory that is there, and has been there historically related to the – their role as a primary servicing hub for that 
part of the continent, but also includes the inventory we have added in the current year related to the master hub 
concept we have talked about earlier. If I look at the remaining distribution centers, our average inventory at the end of 
2006 is just under $10 million, about $9.6 million, and we believe we can manage that number down in 2007 in 
response to some of these opportunities, again within primarily non-fasteners of reducing safety stock in our existing 
hubs. 

The – from a store standpoint, as we had talked about both back at our Investor Day in 2005 and again, in the spring of 
2006, we have really put in place early in 2005 some specific financial measurements on how we handle non-CSP 
inventory in our stores. The first one relates to customer-specific inventory. And I'm pleased to state that we've 
identified a number of milestone markers in that initiative. And it's really customer-specific inventory, is inventory we 
stock at the store level that is unique to a particular customer's needs. It might be used in multiple locations, but it's 
unique to a customer. 

The – we've identified some financial targets in October of 2006 and our financial targets for these kind of things 
typically center on October, quite a few of those things that we do as a company will center on October, and for those 
of you that have owned us or covered us for years, that's a bit of a benchmark month for us because it really tells us 
where the next year is probably going to start out. In October 2006, we did hit our milestone marker on 
customer-specific inventory. Now, our target gets progressively more difficult going forward. I believe we are on track 
to keep meeting, and meeting that challenge in improving our operational efficiency on that inventory. As it relates to 
store inventory, excluding CSP, we have, with the expansion of our inventory in Indianapolis, our master hub, we now 


have an enhanced ability to continue to manage the safety stock down at the store level. And that provides good 
opportunities in 2007. 

The next item I wanted to touch on was on page three. As we all know, fuel has moderated as we've gone through the 
last third of 2006. We saw nice improvements on the gasoline side of the equation, really in the post-Labor Day 
fashion. And as we got into the December timeframe we've started to see improvements, as well, in the diesel pricing. 
That tends to not track exactly with gasoline, especially in the heating season period because of the needs for fuel oil in 
heating of businesses and homes, but that puts us in an excellent position going into 2007 with the fuel prices at a fairly 
moderate level. 

As Will mentioned, we are very pleased with our ability to leverage operating expense. Again I think it really 
demonstrates our ability to lower the fulcrum point on where we can manage our operating expenses as an organization 
and still invest in the future with new stores, CSP2, and expansion of our master hub concept. 

Finally on page 5, I wanted to note that we put out a press release last night, our Board yesterday authorized an 
expansion of our stock repurchase plan, and there was a press release put last night also indicating our first – our 
first-half dividend, which we paid in early March. With that, I will now turn it back over to the operator. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Okay great. [Operator Instructions] Okay, and our first question comes from Michael Cox from Piper Jaffray. 

<Q - Michael Cox>: Good morning. First I'd just like to thank you for hosting this conference call. I think this is a 
great venue to explain the results and to get private investors. But my first question is on the gross margin, you 
mentioned that you lost some traction in the fourth quarter. I know that it's within the range that you guys have talked 
about in the past of a 50% gross margin business, I was just wondering if you could maybe give a little bit more clarity 
as to what change there, was it a product mix change that did result in the year-over-year decline, and then any 
expectation for '07 from a gross margin perspective? 

<A - Willard Oberton>: Thanks Mike, this is Will. We really think that it was more – two things, one is there are 
some fixed costs in the margin with – from a transportation standpoint, inbound transportation. You can't adjust on a 
quarterly basis or, it's difficult to adjust. So, you give up a little bit there. The other is we were pushing very hard on 
sales in the fourth – fourth quarter, and I think maybe we lost just a little bit of focus trying to get our sales numbers 
and – but going into 2007 we are very comfortable that we are still going to be in that 50% range and hopefully, pick 
that ground up and it goes to what I said – if you would look over the last eight quarters, we've been bouncing around 
the 50%, gaining a little bit each time. So, and another thing that will help us going into 2007 is the lower fuel cost. I 
know our transportation managers are already working with our outside carriers trying to beat down the fuel 
surcharges. It's amazing how that works. When the fuel goes up, they are two weeks early and when the fuel goes 
down, they are two months late, but that's just business and we understand it. 

<Q - Michael Cox>: Okay, sure. Shifting gears a bit, I was wondering if you could touch on the CSP2 conversions, 
what the plan is for 2007 and any qualitative comments around the performance of those stores? 

<A - Willard Oberton>: The – we aren't going to comment on the performance right now, we are still gathering data. 
As far as the openings, our plan for 2006 is that we – or 2007, excuse me – is we are going to open between one – or, 
convert between 150 and 180 stores to the CSP2 format. We are still very comfortable with the program. But probably 
the biggest problem we've had with the CSP2 conversion is keeping the staffing level at the right level. What you have 
to understand about this is, these are our most profitable stores and the people who manage them at the district level are 
paid for profitability. So we beat this people up continually to be efficient and grow the profits and then we come back 
the next day and say, hey add two more sales people and suck it up and we are trying to find that balance between 
those, but what we have seen at some of the earlier conversions is the head count is slipping back a little bit. The profits 
are showing up very nicely and it's going to be a continual tug-of-war to keep them properly staffed at the levels we 
want for the CSP2 growth. 

But overall, we are comfortable with our inventory selections. We are comfortable with the concept as being a winner 
for us. That being said, though, we are working very hard on lowering the incremental inventory investment by going 


into the stores before we convert them and really doing a good house cleaning, bringing out anything that may be 
duplicated in this new inventory set, and we believe we can reduce it by about 30 to $40,000 per opening, which over a 
year's period adds up to some serious savings. 

<Q - Michael Cox>: Okay, great. My last question on the inventory side, related to the store level safety stock, I am 
curious, is that just a function of getting the store managers comfortable with the master hub concept and their 
willingness to carry less safety stock and relying more on the master hub? 

<A - Willard Oberton>: Well, it actually isn't the store level safety stock – the way – it's the distribution centers 
outside of Indianapolis. On the items that we have very good store inventories, we currently have three levels of 
defense, the store inventory, the local distribution center, and the Indianapolis distribution center. We are saying, based 
on all of our analysis, that because of our good store inventories, we can reduce the safety factor in the hubs outside of 
Indianapolis because we know we can depend on the good stocking levels of Indianapolis, and that's a tremendous 
opportunity for us, because that's where over half of the inventory in the distribution centers, the – I think Dan said 
about $100 million, is in that type of product. We are not pulling the 100 – half of it out, but we can greatly reduce the 
safety and still feel comfortable that we can service our customers. The reason we couldn't do it in the past is we didn't 
have the confidence in our Indianapolis inventories. It took us all year to get to that point. This is something we have 
been planning all year, but we were not able to talk about it or pull the trigger on it until we felt comfortable with the 
stocking level. 

<Q - Michael Cox>: Great, thank you very much. I appreciate it. 

Operator 

And next we will hear from Jeffrey Germanotta with William Blair. 

<Q - Jeffrey Germanotta>: Hi, good morning. I have a few questions. First, can you comment on national accounts 
and key accounts activity in the quarter? 

<A - Nicholas Lundquist>: Last year, we really restructured that program – this is Nick – we really restructured that 
program, Jeff, and put in a complete different model, instead of national accounts, which used to be crossing state 
boundaries, multiple locations, over a half a million in spend, and we really decided to put in more of a strategic 
account model by individual locations. So, during that process what we did is we took our district managers who had 
some strategic accounts working for them, some regional managers who had some strategic accounts working for them, 
and put them all under one program, took our national account group, put them all under one program. It's very early to 
see how the progress is done because of the way the economy followed at the end of the year, but we are very 
optimistic. We have seen some slight increase, but I think it's difficult to gauge our performance because of the 
economic environment that we went through in the last six months. 

<Q - Jeffrey Germanotta>: Do you have any numbers on how national accounts grew in recent months? 

<A - Nicholas Lundquist>: Dan? 

<A - Daniel Florness>: No. 

<Q - Jeffrey Germanotta>: Okay, my next question then. Could you comment a little bit on selling price inflation 
trends from the beginning of '06 towards the end of '06? 

<A - Willard Oberton>: Really, we've seen a very steady pricing environment. The only exception to that would be 
certain fasteners that are made out of – well, stainless steel fasteners particularly have grown, prices have increased 
throughout 2006. But the general business, we've had very little help from inflation, and we think a lot of it is due to 
just every, a little nervousness in the market. A lot of our suppliers, especially the domestic ones, are heavily dependent 
on the housing economy so, they are not in a good – or they are not in the mood to be raising prices because they are 
afraid there is going to be pushback. So, right now, the pricing environment is very steady. 

<Q - Jeffrey Germanotta>: When you say steady, are we talking about low single digits? 

<A - Willard Oberton>: Very low single digits. 


<Q - Jeffrey Germanotta>: Okay. And then my last question, when we talk about 13 to 18% growth in new store 
count and the numbers you are talking about for reinvesting in CSP2, which is, my understanding is about an 
equivalent investment to a new store. We are really talking about reinvestment rates in your store base of – going 
forward – of 20 to 25%. That's a very high level relative to history that should pay some great long-term dividends. Am 
I thinking correctly on that? 

<A - Willard Oberton>: I think you are. The 25 may be high, we'd have to hit the high end of the both numbers to get 
there. Really, you are thinking correctly, and we are working very hard, and we stated this last year at our Investor Day 
that we are going to do everything we can to keep the investment level high and manage all of the other expenses well, 
and that's why I made positive comments on our expense control. We – in 2006, we invested at a level around 21 to 
22%, but we were still able to hold our earnings with a lower sales rate. So, we are going to continue to invest for the 
future because we believe we have a winner, our model is a winner, and long term, it will – these investments will pay 
us back. 

<Q - Jeffrey Germanotta>: Thank you very much and keep up the good work. 

<A - Willard Oberton>: Thanks, Jeff. 

<A - Daniel Florness>: Thanks, Jeff. 

Operator 

And next we will hear from Brent Rakers from Morgan Keegan. 

<Q - Brent Rakers>: Good morning. I was hoping to first start with, Will, if you will maybe elaborate a little bit more 
on the trends you saw in December and then – and then also maybe extending those in January, I guess, in light of the 
fact that maybe the December comp was a fairly easy comp, if you will, and then the January comp is a particularly 
tough comp? 

<A - Willard Oberton>: I am not going to say too much more about January other than we are in a growth trend 
similar to what we have put out, that we reported for the fourth quarter. So you can look at the range and figure out 
what we're seeing for the first two weeks. From a December standpoint, and I'll go with what Dan said, we – every year 
we have trouble trying to figure out and really the biggest change is how many factories shut down for that week 
between Christmas and New Year's. And when a high number of factories shut down, that business just doesn't get 
shipped – people have orders, everything gets moved into January, it's not like we ship early. They're saying, "Okay, 
we're going to shut the factory down. Show up January 2nd, and you can deliver the product." We lose that revenue 
into the next month. This December was very – pretty much on track. We thought we would grow maybe 1 percentage 
point higher or in the roughly 19% range, we're – and so it's really difficult to say exactly what happened. We think the 
economy today has been relatively steady since the late summer period. 

<A - Daniel Florness>: And one thing I will add to that is historically, the correlation between October and January is 
quite strong. In the last six-year period, I believe that correlation has been somewhere between 100 and 102% of 
October, so January's daily average... 

<A - Willard Oberton>: On a daily, yes. 

<A - Daniel Florness>: January's daily average would be somewhere between 100 and 102% of the previous October. 
We feel at this juncture, we see no reason why we won't be in that range. 

<Q - Brent Rakers>: On that vein, obviously the manufacturing comp, it looks it could – it pulled down a little bit 
towards the back half of 2006. By your comments for January, it sounds like you are seeing a stability or maybe an 
uplift there? Can I take that away from those comments? 

<A - Willard Oberton>: Stability, I would say. 

<Q - Brent Rakers>: Okay, great. And then one last question and maybe... 

<A - Willard Oberton>: Also remember, Brent, it's two weeks worth of data. 

<Q - Brent Rakers>: Yeah, exactly. And then maybe lastly, I think for – probably for Dan. On the comments that you 
made about the year-end purchases and then also some of the FASTCO product that came over here, does that have 


direct implications for gross margins over the near-term? And then maybe, if you can give us a sense for how much that 
could help gross margin near term? And then does that also have maybe intermediate-term applications for gross 
margins, meaning lower purchases over the near-term as well? 

<A - Daniel Florness>: It really doesn't have an impact on gross margins in the short-term. And I say that because our 
gross margins in the ensuing months are really dependent on what we are selling to whom and when. And the fact that 
we are a little deeper in some of this inventory doesn't change that. With that said, the effort we've had in place the last 
several years to really go more and more direct to the ultimate supplier rather than buying through another master 
reseller has allowed us to enhance some margins as it relates to our ability to source better and that's allowed us to do 
two things – in one vein, over the last several years, you've seen us improve our gross margin. It's also allowed to get 
into some products and/or some customer situations where we may – historically we would not have. 

<A - Willard Oberton>: As I have been stating this is Will, I've been saying for years. Our import it – importing 
efforts are really a defensive move to balance the product mix change from all fasteners to other products and I've been 
saying that for four years and again, we come out at 50.2% in 2006. I wish we could accelerate a little more to – maybe 
to go to a higher percent, but we are very, very happy with the efforts of our people and our FASTCO Trading 
Company and what they've been able to accomplish. We are looking for another very good year in 2007 out of that 
group. 

<Q - Brent Rakers>: Thanks a lot guys. 

<A - Daniel Florness>: Thanks Matt. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from Michael Hamilton from RBC Bank. 

<Q - Michael Hamilton>: Good morning. 

<A - Daniel Florness>: Good morning, Mike. 

<Q - Michael Hamilton>: I was wondering on the CapEx front if there is anything unusual coming in '07 in your 
planning? 

<A - Daniel Florness>: There really is not. The CapEx, I do see that – we haven't finalized our numbers for '07 yet, we 
will be putting those out with our annual report here in about a – just over a month. I do expect the CapEx to drop from 
2006, 2007 and, the – if you look at big ticket items, big items that are in one year that aren't in the next, 2006, one big 
component of 2006, and 2005 for that matter, was our new distribution center in Northern California, that's in Modesto. 
That distribution center we moved into in the month of December, and so we are now operating out of our Modesto 
distribution center. In 2007, the big ticket item, if you will, that's on the horizon is our Dallas distribution center, and 
that's – we're looking at relocating that within the Dallas Metro area, but expanding that distribution capability down 
there, which is normal. Over the last five years, we have done that with varying distributing centers, whether it be 
Kansas City facility, our North Carolina facility, or Atlanta facility, et cetera, but those are the big ticket items that 
come to mind, but I would expect to see the CapEx drop off some from '06 to '07. 

<A - Willard Oberton>: One – just to add a little more, one thing we are working on from a CapEx standpoint is 
we've tasked our team over in Shanghai to start looking for products that we would have normally bought here in the 
United States – shelving, racking systems, forklift – all the things, non-products that we sell, but things that we use in 
large quantities, and so we think going forward, we are going to find some nice opportunities to lower our CapEx in the 
future. Just another way to try and run our business more efficiently. 

<Q - Michael Hamilton>: In terms of fourth quarter revenue by region, did anything stand out to you, Dan? 

<A - Daniel Florness>: The only thing that I would note, and I will let Nick add to this if he thinks I'm all wet, would 
be – we have seen some strengthening in our Indianapolis base region as we got into the latter third of the year, and it's 
not really in the State of Michigan, which is part of the Indianapolis region, it's in the balance of it. But other than that, 
nothing really stands out. Nick, I don't know if you have anything you want to add to that. 

<A - Nicholas Lundquist>: No, it's pretty much across the board. 


<Q - Michael Hamilton>: Okay. Thank you very much. 
<A - Daniel Florness>: Thanks, Mike. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from John Baliotti from FTN Midwest Securities Corporation. 
<Q - John Baliotti>: Good morning. Will, I was wondering, could you talk about store growth, you – in the release, 
you talk about the – you're going to maintain a 13 to 18%, I think you reiterated that earlier in your opening comments. 


Could you, kind of, maybe walk us through us through a comforted – at the 360 level for '07, how you – it seems like 
that would be a very crude average – of about 30 a month, which I know is probably not the right way to look at it? 
<A - Willard Oberton>: No, I said 260 to 300, John. 
<Q - John Baliotti>: Right. Yeah in the press release it says 260 to 360, so... 
<A - Daniel Florness>: Well, it's at 13 to 18%... 
<A>: Okay, well... 
<Q - John Baliotti>: Yeah, that's how I just – I was just seeing if that was a... 
<A - Willard Oberton>: That's a very high end that we – we really want to be in the middle of that range and... 
<Q - John Baliotti>: Okay. 
<A - Willard Oberton>: And I don't – I would be very surprised. And we really use that range pre-CSP2? 
<Q - John Baliotti>: Right. 
<A - Willard Oberton>: And if the business really picked up, and the economy was carrying along, we would move 


the level closer to that, but in our current view of the economy we would be at the lower end of that 3 – 260 to 360 
range. 


<Q - John Baliotti>: Right, you are pretty flexible on, you can adjust that as demanded? 
<A - Willard Oberton>: It's about a three – about a three-month horizon, three to four months that we can move them 
in, and out, and that really has to do with leasing real estate. We buy – well, basically every new store is in a leased 
property. And so, our people are out looking for that real estate about four to five months before the opening date but 
we normally would never see – sign a lease – 90 day – more than 90 days before the move-in date, and the lease is 
really the hard – you know that's where the legal document says, okay, we are committed here. 


<Q - John Baliotti>: On the working capital side of that, does that – if you end up being sort of toward the lower end 
of that, does that help you as you try to improve the work – the inventory turns of it? 
<A - Willard Oberton>: Well 


<Q - John Baliotti>: Is that how to think of it? 
<A - Willard Oberton>: It's really, the lower end is similar to where we were in 2006, but we are continuing to invest 
heavily in the CSP2. 


<Q - John Baliotti>: Right. 
<A - Willard Oberton>: So, we are not slowing down our investments in sales – sales initiatives. We believe that the 


inventory correction is going to come in – in two things, one is distribution centers, which we talked about, and the 
other is in some of the branch special stock that Dan also mentioned in his commentary. 
<Q - John Baliotti>: Okay great. Thanks very much. 


Operator 


And next we will hear form Dan Whang with Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - Daniel Whang>: Yes good morning, just – my first question was regarding the current demand environment, if 
you could provided any additional color regarding your manufacturing customers versus the non-res construction 
demand, I think the non-res has been holding up through the latter part of '06? 

<A - Willard Oberton>: We have seen very good demand on – were you done? 

<Q - Daniel Whang>: Ah, yes. 

<A - Willard Oberton>: We have seen very good demand on it – what we call commercial construction and basically 
non-res. Jobs continue to be strong and our national constructions group has done a really nice job of moving us more 
into the energy and things like that – gas – the gasohol – or alcohol, foreign alcohol plants, energy builds. I was just – I 
spent a few minutes with the national construction manager from the Northern section, basically the Midwest, this 
morning and he said it's really – he told me if he doesn't hit his goal, I have no one to call, but him. Plenty of business 
out there, so we are comfortable at least, for the foreseeable future the commercial construction will remain in a good 
state. Manufacturing, it seems like every one's a – the big manufacturing customers we talked to, everyone is 
optimistic, but if there is a reserved optimism they are not buying out, they are not committing and they are very, very 
focused on beating us down on price to save money, because they all want the same kind of returns that we want, and 
so that's good and it's bad. The fact that they are price-conscious says that they are willing to change if we have a better 
deal, but it also means that we have to be on our toes from a purchasing and pricing stand, more so than we ever have. 
But generally it's a – it's a steady, but it's not gangbusters with the manufacturers, they are all very cautious, the ones 
that we talk to. 

<Q - Daniel Whang>: Right, do you get a sense that any sort of inventory-related belt tightening that – particularly in 
the OEM customers – that that has pretty much been worked through at this point? 

<A - Willard Oberton>: I think over the last five years, most of the companies we deal with have figured out how to 
really reduce their inventory, and they have never built it back from the 2001 – 2001 through 2003. They reduced their 
inventories and they found out that they didn't need as much and they were leaning on companies like Fastenal and our 
competitors to provide the inventory for them. So, for the most part, that's a positive because the value that we bring 
becomes – is worth more to them and also you – the cycles aren't quite as whipsaw as they were 10 years ago. 

<Q - Daniel Whang>: Okay, very well. And the second question was regarding your plans for new store openings and 
obviously, you have – working off the base of 2000 stores – so going into '07, will there be a particular focus in terms 
of the site selection, would it be particularly geography or targeting particular end markets? 

<A - Daniel Florness>: It really tried to spread the workload out – right – all across the country including Canada and 
Mexico. And so, from a percentage standpoint, it's really in a state-to-state standpoint, it's pretty even across the 
country. 

<Q - Daniel Whang>: Okay. And I think previously, I mean, you have talked about the calculations that you've made, 
that you believe the North American economy could support up to 3500 store network, can you still feel comfortable 
around that or has it – that number been moved up or... 

<A - Willard Oberton>: We are still stating that as our number. 

<Q - Daniel Whang>: Okay. Okay, that, I will let someone else have a try. Thank you. 

<A - Willard Oberton>: Thanks. 

Operator 

And next, we will hear from David Manthey from Robert W. Braid [sic, Baird]. 

<Q - David Manthey>: Baird, thank you. Good morning guys. 

<A - Willard Oberton>: Hi, Dave. 

<Q - David Manthey>: I was wondering in terms of the December sales that you said were delayed and would be – 
would show up in January, would those – are those held for sale and is that, would that show up then at the end of 


January, or does that show up at the beginning of January? 

<A - Willard Oberton>: No, Dave, I probably didn't state that clearly. I said sometimes when plants are closed – but it 
would then – what I followed up with on that is that this was a pretty normal December, and we didn't see an unusual 
number of plants being closed so we don't see a lot of carryover into January, but if they did carry over into January, we 
would normally see that – well, actually some would show up early, but on the large customers that we do end-month 
billing, they would show up in the last, actually, in the last days of – but we are not anticipating a big bump in our 
January numbers to account for any December rollover. 

<Q - David Manthey>: Okay. And then second, on SG&A, your SG&A was up about 20% in '06, and you were able 
to show leverage there because gross margin was up and so forth, but if you are saying that you expect gross margin to 
be here around 50, and you are seeing right now growth sort of in the 16, 17% range – that looks like it's continuing – 
does that lead to the conclusion that you are expecting growth to accelerate through the year, or is there a possibility 
that the investment rate would lead to an SG&A growth lower than we saw last year? 

<A - Willard Oberton>: Well, part of the higher SG&A is that our sales rate was also two points higher than you just 
said. So, it supported a higher growth, or a higher SG&A rate, SG&A, because it's really labor driven. One thing we 
have going for us into 2007 is we did a better job in the second half of the year last year on head count growth than we 
did in the second half of 2005. We are not giving sales infor-we're not giving guidance on sales right now, and so we 
believe we can do a nice job managing our expenses. And we are going to manage our head count to what we think we 
see our sales growth to be, and Dan, if you want jump in there? 

<A - Daniel Florness>: As Will mentioned, when we look into next year, the position we are from where we would 
manage our head count really since the June timeframe – the position we are, with the fuel expense, both the pieces in 
cost of goods and the pieces in operating expense, and the fact that if you look over the last several years, we have 
upgraded a lot of our store locations and that's one component of our operating expense is our – of our SG&A, is our 
occupancy expense. 

<A - Willard Oberton>: Which is the second largest line item after labor. 

<A - Daniel Florness>: Yeah, and what we have been seeing as we get deeper through 2006 is our actual annual 
growth number – year-over-year growth number – is dropping. And as we go on to 2007, [inaudible] will work in our 
favor, which quite frankly, hasn't worked in our favor since 2001. 

<Q - David Manthey>: Okay. And then the final question I think this was asked previously, and I am not sure that you 
addressed it, in terms of the pricing that you expect in 2007, I think you said low single-digits, and it's progressing at a 
steady rate currently, '06 and currently. Do you have an expectation for price increases in '07? 

<A - Willard Oberton>: The earlier question I believe was really, well, I was referring to 2006 not looking forward. In 
2007, from what we have seen early in a lot of the price increases, you almost have to break it into two buckets of 
products, the fastener product is more of a commodity product, and the economy will dictate what happens to that 
throughout the year of 2007. The non-fastener product – the branded product – the power tools and things like that – 
most of those price increases come through in the fourth quarter of the previous year. And we didn't see a lot of pricing 
pressure there. And again, I think a lot of that had to do with the fact the economy was a little slower and people were a 
little bit nervous while pushing pricing. So the non-fastener product we will probably see a 1 – 1 to 2% increase in 
pricing for the year of 2007. The fastener product is really – we will have to see how the economy goes and what 
happens with supply and demand on that product throughout the – it's really an international market. 

<Q - David Manthey>: Great, all right. Thanks a lot, you guys. 

<A - Daniel Florness>: Thanks, Dave. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Holden Lewis from BB&T. 

<Q - Holden Lewis>: Good morning, thank you. The – can you just comment, D&A looks like it was up quite a bit in 
the fourth quarter over sort of the rate you had been running. Is that a function of the DC coming on on the West Coast, 
or what's sort of behind that? 


<A - Daniel Florness>: I don't know that it was up appreciably. I don't have that figure right in front of me. The things 
that would have influenced that in the latter half of the year would be the distribution center coming on line, would be 
some of our ordering patterns for vehicles, sometimes can lean heavily, more heavily towards the first half of the year, 
the second half of the year. We really have two orders of the year. And in this year, some of it was in the second half of 
the year, so that would be a piece of it, but other than that, there wasn't, I don't think, a meaningful impact. 

<Q - Holden Lewis>: Because I think this quarter right? You reported full year was 33.53, and I think as of the 
nine-month release, I think that was the 22.942. I mean, that suggests like a 10.6 million D&A. I mean that's – you have 
been running, I think, what 7 – between 7.5 and 8, the balance of the year? 

<A - Daniel Florness>: Yeah, Holden, that number I just don't have in front of me, so I can't answer that one. 

<Q - Holden Lewis>: Okay. 

<A - Daniel Florness>: Sorry. 

<Q - Holden Lewis>: And then, and some gross margin questions. The, would – since you pre-bought so much 
product, I mean are you expecting that that's going to have an immediate impact or benefit to the gross margin as we 
start in '07, I mean, what kind of order of magnitude might that have? 

<A - Daniel Florness>: Well, first off, when you look at the dollars we have brought in, and what our pull, our cost of 
goods dollars will be in 2007, we are really talking about on a day basis, about 2 to 2.5 days worth of inventory. And as 
I stated earlier, I don't really see that having an appreciable impact on our gross margin, because that is product that we 
were buying. And in many cases, the opportunities were really related to either some pricing or some additional early 
pay discount if we pay before end of December, it was very much a financial decision. And as far as the impact of a 
couple of days worth of inventory on calendar 2007, doesn't really hit the radar. 

<Q - Holden Lewis>: Okay. And then, what sort of your thought, as far as sort of rebate, discounts – sort of, where 
you finished in '06 and what you are expecting for '07? Is that going to be, better or worse than, than we've sort of seen 
of late? 

<A - Daniel Florness>: I think that will be pretty much on a straight line fashion, improving because of – of changes in 
volumes. I mean the business will be larger, we expect the business to be larger in '07 than it was in '06. But, from a 
relative standpoint, I expect that to be fairly – fairly straight. 

<Q - Holden Lewis>: So as even though you are seeing things slow down versus where you were for, at least half, if 
not three quarters of last year, do you think that as a percentage of sales, your rebate is not going to change a lot, 
despite the slowdown? 

<A - Willard Oberton>: No, Holden, this is Willard. They are really not based on the slowdown. They are based on 
last year's numbers, so if we can grow 15 or 20% additional business with – with the supplier, we will stay at least in 
that category, if we don't move if – or else we will move up one category on their scale. So, we shouldn't slip unless we 
really miss the numbers, which we don't foresee happening. 

<Q - Holden Lewis>: Okay. 

<A - Willard Oberton>: We are comfortable that it, steady as we go, on rebates and deals like that. 

<Q - Holden Lewis>: Okay. 

<A - Willard Oberton>: Additional incentives, we call them. 

<Q - Holden Lewis>: Fair enough, and that I think in your release you also sort of commented that on the direct 
sourcing, you had made comments that direct sourcing operations if the improvement lost traction in the fourth quarter 
of '06? Can you sort of address that, I am not sure I got that in your prior comments? 

<A - Daniel Florness>: Actually no. That comment was in – just our section on gross margin. 

<Q - Holden Lewis>: Right. 

<A - Daniel Florness>: It's really talking about improvements we've had over the prior year and that our gross margin 
in general, not direct importing but, our gross margin in general lost some traction. And, that was really in reference to 
the fact that our gross margin, like it did in the second quarter, slipped a little bit. 


<A - Nicholas Lundquist>: We are unhappy when it doesn't have a five in front of it. 

<Q - Holden Lewis>: Okay. But that had nothing do with any changes in the direct sourcing? 

<A - Daniel Florness>: Absolutely not. 

<Q - Holden Lewis>: Okay. 

<A - Nicholas Lundquist>: The direct sourcing is going, as I said earlier, very well, we have no complaints about that 
other than we would like them to move faster, but they are already moving faster than us. So... 

<Q - Holden Lewis>: Got it okay. So I just sort of misread that. Okay. 

<A - Willard Oberton>: Yeah. 

<Q - Holden Lewis>: And then I guess lastly, the allowance for bad receivables, I mean, you did great progress, I think 
that's a probably $0.04 contributor in '06. What's kind of the expectation for '07, can you continue to sort of work away 
at that or does that 2.1 million you finished the year at, is that kind of the run rate, what's the expectation there? 

<A - Daniel Florness>: Well, the allowance is really the – the residual on the balance sheet that we believe we will 
write-off in the future. 

<Q - Holden Lewis>: Yeah. 

<A - Daniel Florness>: And really that one, we have been able to lower quite nicely – up in the last two-year period, 
because in connection with our call center, really what we did is, in lowering our days from the 52-53-day 
neighborhood to the mid-40s, we not only collected cash faster, we improved the quality of our accounts receivable. 
The dollars over 60 days old dropped from 2004 to 2005 and stayed flat from 2005 to 2006. So, the reserve that we 
need on that residual balance drops with it because we just don't have dollars that are outstanding that are old anymore. 

<Q - Holden Lewis>: Right. And are you going to make further progress on that or is this kind of the rate that you 
anticipate? 

<A - Daniel Florness>: I anticipate us making further progress. 

<Q - Holden Lewis>: Okay. All right great, thanks. 

<A - Daniel Florness>: Thanks Holden. 

Operator 

At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Florness for any additional and closing remarks. 

Daniel L. Florness, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Maria. A few things I would throw out. I hope this venue was useful to our shareholders and the analyst 
community that covers us. I hope it's also useful to some of our employees who I believe either are listening currently 
or will listen later at – one of our goals is also that to not only be transparent to street, but it is also, with internally – I 
think it's useful for our employee base to hear some of the questions, some of the discussion we are having with the 
shareholders of the company. So I hope this was useful. I would encourage anybody on this call or who may listening, 
we rolled out a new website for Investor Relations several day ago. I would encourage folks to hop on and try it out. 
There's probably a few things in there that – a few bugs that need to be worked out yet, but hopefully it's nice 
enhancement. One of the enhancements we have on a new website – we are getting a little bit, we are getting closer to 
21st century on it – and that is, if you want e-mail updates, when we put out releases that will be available for you to 
get. 

Our next sales release date is scheduled for Monday, February 5th. I want to remind everybody on the calendar. Our 
next earnings release date for first quarter is scheduled for Thursday, April 12th. And our annual meeting in Monona is 
scheduled for Tuesday, April 17th. 


And my final comment, as most of you who have known us over the years, know we tend to be non-flashy 
Midwesterners, some might even say boring at times... Will just told me to speak for myself... there is an item that I 
would be remiss if I didn't mention. And that is on behalf of the employees of Fastenal, I would like to congratulate 
Will Oberton on an award he received several weeks ago. Many of you probably are aware of this, some of you may 
not be, but Will was named CEO Of The Year by Morningstar. And I think it's well deserved and I congratulate him on 
that. With that, I will turn this back over to Maria to complete the call. Thank you and have a good day. 

Operator 

That concludes today's teleconference, have a wonderful day, you may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


