Q2 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• John Eldridge, Investor Relations 
• Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer 
• John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Dan Matte 
• <Q > 
Other Participants 

• Ittai Kidron 
• Brian Marshall 
• Alex Henderson 
• Brent Bracelin 
• Mark Sue 
• Ryan Hutchinson 
• Rohit Chopra 
• Troy Jensen 
• Jeff Kvaal 
• Paul Mansky 
• Erik Suppiger 
• Samuel Wilson 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon and welcome to the F5 Second Quarter Financial Results conference call. At this time, all parties will 
be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion. Also today's call is being recorded. If anyone has any 
objections, please disconnect at this time. 

I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin. 

John Eldridge, Investor Relations 

Thank you so much and thank you all for joining us on today's Second Quarter Fiscal 2010 conference call. John 
McAdam, President and CEO, and Andy Reinland, Senior VP and Chief Finance Officer, are the speakers on today's 
call. Other members of the executive team are also here to answer your questions following our prepared comments. If 
you have questions after the call today, please direct them to me at 206-272-6571. 

If you don't have a copy of today's press release, you can access it at our website at www.f5.com. You can also access 
an archived version of today's live webcast from the Events Calendar page of our website through July 21. From 4:30 
PM today until midnight Pacific Time, April 22, you can also listen to a telephone replay at 888-562-4490 or 
203-369-3757. 


During today's call, the discussion will contain forward-looking statements that include words such as 'believe', 
'anticipate', 'expect', and 'target'. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our 
actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our 
results are summarized in our quarterly release and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no 
duty to update any information presented in this call. 

With that I'll turn the call over to Andy Reinland. 

Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer 

Thank you, John. F5's financial results for the second quarter of fiscal 2010 continued to reflect the improving business 
climate and strong demand for our application delivery controller products. Revenue of 206.1 million was above our 
guided range of 195 to 200 million and up 8% sequentially from 191.2 million in the prior quarter. 

GAAP EPS of $0.41 per diluted share was above our guided range of $0.36 to $0.38. Excluding stock-based 
compensation expense, non-GAAP EPS of $0.56 per diluted share was also above our guidance of $0.52 to $0.54. 
Product revenue of 129.6 million grew 9% sequentially and represented 63% of total revenue. Service revenue of 76.5 
million grew 6% sequentially and accounted for 37%. Book-to-bill for the quarter was greater than 1. 

On a regional basis, the Americas represented 57% of total revenue. EMEA accounted for 24%, APAC 11%, and Japan 
8%. Revenue from our core application delivery controller business was 195.8 million or 95% of total revenue. 
Revenue of 4.3 million from our ARX file virtualization products was down from 5.7 million in the prior quarter and 
accounted for just over 2% of total revenue. 

FirePass revenue of 5.9 million was also down from Q1 and represented 3% of total revenue. During Q2, the financial 
and telco verticals each accounted for 20% of revenue. Technology was 24%, U.S. Federal was 6% and total 
government revenue was 10%. During Q2, we had two greater than 10% distributors, Tech Data, which accounted for 
11.1% of revenue and Avnet, which represented 13.8%. 

Moving down the income statement: GAAP gross margin in Q2 was 79.9%. Excluding approximately 1.7 million of 
stock-based compensation expense, non-GAAP gross margin was 80.7%. GAAP operating expenses of 114.8 million 
were slightly above our target range of 110 to 114 million. Excluding 14.8 million of stock-based compensation 
expense, non-GAAP operating expenses were 100 million. 

GAAP operating margin was 24.2%. Non-GAAP operating margin, which excludes stock-based compensation expense 
was 32.2%. Our GAAP effective tax-rate was 36.4%. Excluding stock-based compensation, our non-GAAP effective 
tax-rate was 34.2%. 

On the balance sheet – we ended the quarter with 712 million in cash and investments. Cash flow from operations was 
78 million. During the quarter we repurchased approximately 365,000 shares of our common stock at an average price 
of $54.75 per share for a total of approximately 20 million. 

DSO ended the period at 39 days. Inventories at quarter-end were 16.5 million. Deferred revenue increased 7% 
sequentially to 226.5 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were 3.2 million and depreciation and amortization 
expense was 6.1 million. We ended the quarter with approximately 1,820 employees, an increase of 80 from the prior 
quarter. 

Moving onto the Q3 outlook. We continue to see the prospect of continuing sequential revenue growth through the 
second half of fiscal 2010. For fiscal Q3, we are targeting revenue in the range of 214 to 219 million. We expect GAAP 
gross margin in the 79 to 80% range, including approximately 1.5 million of stock-based compensation expense. 

We anticipate GAAP operating expenses in the range of 118 to 122 million. This includes approximately 15 million of 
stock-based compensation expense. Our GAAP EPS target is 42 to $0.44 per diluted share. Excluding stock 
compensation, our non-GAAP EPS target is 57 to $0.59 per diluted share. We are forecasting an effective tax rate of 
37%. Excluding stock-based compensation, we expect a non-GAAP effective tax-rate of 34%. 


We plan to increase our head count by 80 to 100 employees in the current quarter. We estimate our DSO will be in the 
low 40-day range. We expect inventory levels within a range of 16 to 18 million and we believe our cash flow from 
operations will be in excess of $70 million. 

With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam. 

John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Andy, and good afternoon everyone. I was delighted with the F5 team's performance in Q2. Our overall 
business has experienced increasing momentum since April last year, and that momentum continued and grew stronger 
in Q2. Revenue increased sequentially in all our major geographic regions and I was especially pleased with our growth 
in product revenue, which was up 38% over Q2 last year. Overall sales bookings were also very strong, with 
book-to-bill above 1 in the quarter. This is the first time in 5 years that our sales book-to-bill ratio was greater than 1 in 
the March quarter. 

Once again, we improved our balance sheet significantly with 78 million cash from operations and we closed the 
quarter with 712 million in cash and investments and no debt. As we mentioned in the press release, business in North 
America and EMEA was very strong, driven by several large deals in those geographies. Data center consolidation and 
mobile data traffic growth continued to be major drivers of our business, resulting in an increasing number of large 
transactions. 

Yet again, our services business produced stellar results and continues to be a key growth driver and a key profit 
contributor to our business model. We have been able to achieve these outstanding financial results while maintaining 
customer satisfaction at world-class levels. 

From a product perspective, our ADC business continued to be the fundamental driver of our overall growth. We 
believe that our competitive position is the strongest it has ever been and our product roadmap will not only maintain, 
but significantly enhance, our leadership position with a range of exciting new products scheduled for release 
throughout the current year and beyond. 

Our ARX business was down sequentially from last quarter and came in below our internal forecast with a number of 
relatively large forecasted transactions not closing in the quarter. We expect most of these transactions to close in Q3 
and the ARX business in Q3 to be up sequentially from Q2. We have numerous examples of project wins in which our 
customers have realized compelling ROIs by implementing ARX-based solutions. Our task is to utilize these very 
compelling value propositions to grow the ARX business in the second half of fiscal 2010 and exit fiscal 2010 with 
ARX quarterly revenue above $10 million. 

As I mentioned earlier, our overall product roadmap features several exciting new additions and enhancements to the 
current product line up, including new point products, enriched functionality and improved performance. Indeed, over 
the next few days, we will be announcing a number of new products designed to increase our competitive technology 
leadership with products specifically targeted at key growth areas such as virtualization, cloud computing and mobile 
applications. 

We will be introducing a range of solutions that are designed to remove the barriers to entry and facilitate enterprise 
adoption of cloud and virtualization architecture services. I will not go into these product announcements in detail as 
they will be highlighted over the next few days and demonstrated at the Interop Show in Las Vegas next week. 

We are also on track to deliver a comprehensive range of new product towards the end of the year and throughout 2011. 
For example, we plan to expand our popular line of chassis-based VIPRION application delivery controllers with 
products at price points comparable to the mid-range of our big IP appliance family. 

We will also deliver significant performance improvements in our entry-level and mid-range appliances by leveraging 
elements of the VIPRION technology. We plan to integrate a Virtual Clustered Multiprocessing technology called 
VCMP into TMOS giving our customers huge flexibility to design and implement state-of-the-art architectures, which 


optimize virtualization and cloud-based technologies. 

These are just some of the many features, which we believe will significantly increase our technology leadership as 
well as creating a huge barrier to entry for our competitors. As far as the overall business outlook is concerned I feel 
very optimistic given the strong sales momentum we are currently experiencing combined with a very solid pipeline of 
future sales opportunities. 

As I mentioned earlier, we feel very positive about our competitive position, our technology leadership and our ability 
to maintain and increase that leadership position. Key drivers for our business – including data center consolidation, 
virtualization, cloud-based services and the growth of mobile applications and data – all continue to produce strong 
momentum in each of our vertical markets. F5 Solutions occupy strategic control points across global data centers and 
we are extremely well positioned to take advantage of these trends. 

In conclusion, I would like to thank the F5 team, our partners and customers for the support last quarter and will now 
hand the call over for Q&A. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ittai Kidron. Your line is open. 

<Q - Ittai Kidron>: Thank you very much and congratulations you guys on a great quarter. Hopefully, I like to dig in a 
little bit into Acopia, John. Since you've acquired that asset, I don't think there've been two quarters in a row where 
you've actually predicted that business correctly. And so I want to get a much better understanding as to the degree of 
confidence you have in your ability to reach that $10 million mark later in the year. What is it that you're seeing, are 
these contracts that are already signed, and it's just a question of time and revenue recognition? Why is it being such a 
hard asset to predict? And again, where do you get the confidence in still sticking to the 10 million number bogie? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay, yeah, and I understand the question. I'm not 
sure about your point, by the way, on the only two quarters predictability. We've a number of quarters of sequential 
growth. But, that aside, the question is very, very valid. It's a number of things. I mean, first of all, you may have 
remembered we hired some key individuals last quarter. They are coming up to speed and there's been a lot of good 
changes going on and we think that's going to have an impact. But more specifically, if you look at the business, they 
do tend to be larger transactions in BIG-IP, the AR transactions, ARX, and that does, to some degree, give you some 
lumpiness. So that's one thing. 

We've mentioned a number of times there's a compelling ROI with a project and we've a number of customer 
testimonials, some we've been public on that actually proves that out. So given that ROI, I wouldn't classify ARX as a 
nice-to-have, but, to be honest, I don't believe it's must-have like our ADC business. So you can continue with the 
project, you continue buying storage and not make the decision and delay the decision. We've seen some of that. 

Now having said that, we feel pretty good about Q3. We do believe that Q3 is looking stronger. Now, number of 
reasons for that is the fact that deals have slipped, but also the pipeline is pretty reasonable as well. We're not 
guaranteeing that we'll get to that $10 million by the end of the fiscal, but we think it's very, very achievable. 

<Q - Ittai Kidron>: Can you give anything to the reasons behind the slippage? Is this just – anything specific into that? 
Some of the storage guys which typically would be pitching some competitive solutions have been kind of trying to 
freeze the market, what are you seeing there? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No, not that at all. It's definitely – and this is almost 
100% the reason where we see the project, we've got close dates that frankly drift, that moved forward for one reason 
or other. Whether it's other priorities in implementing other projects, whether it's deciding to keep the budget for the 
time being. But not competitive, and as I say, we expect most of these things to close in Q3. 


<Q - Ittai Kidron>: Very good. Good luck. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Brian Marshall, your line is open. 

<Q - Brian Marshall>: Great. Thanks, guys. I was wondering if you could comment on any large deals that you may 
have signed that were in the telco as well the financial service sectors? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We wouldn't really comment by names or anything, 
but we've seen a number of large, significant telco deals all related to mobile. Multi-million dollar type transactions. By 
the way, you didn't ask this question, but it's worth bringing it out. You may have noticed the telco revenue was 
towards the bottom end of the 20 to 25 range percent that it's normally in. The sales bookings were actually higher than 
that and they were much more normal. So we feel very good about the telco vertical, but I'm not going to be specific in 
deal, but we did see multi-million dollar transactions. 

<Q - Brian Marshall>: And so it's safe to say that you expect the percent of total revenue from telco service providers 
to be increasing in the June quarter? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Probably, yeah. 

<Q - Brian Marshall>: Okay, very good. And I was wondering if you could help us sort of quantify the TAM 
opportunity, or TAM expansion, that the VE or virtual addition, BIP will bring when that product becomes available 
later in the second half of this year? 

<A - Dan Matte>: Yeah, so Brian this is Dan Matte. The expansion from the VE standpoint – we look at the Gartner 
forecast, the ramp is sort of like 10 to 40 to $60 million over the next couple of years. I think, frankly, there are greater 
opportunities than that for – just looking at the way that it's being accepted so far and the feedback that we're getting 
from our customers and the types of projects that it's triggering already. So, anyway, we'll classify those numbers as 
pretty conservative. 

<Q - Brian Marshall>: And one final question on that. VMware last night mentioned that they're shipping some load 
balancing modules and they've seen a pretty big rise in terms of that demand. Is that an F5 module or is that something 
that they have internal, do you know, by chance? 

<A - Dan Matte>: Yeah, absolutely. I wish they would call it something else because it's really not the same thing that 
we do. But being what it is, their technology and what they're calling load balancing is their technique of making sure 
that CPU and memory utilization is balanced across different physical servers that are part of the cluster running the 
same VM. Which is something totally different from what we do in terms of directing traffic into those systems. So, 
entirely complementary, unfortunate name choice, but it's good for us if the two are symbiotic. 

<Q - Brian Marshall>: I understood, thank you. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Also mentioned that we're coming out with a number 
of products in the next few days that are going to help a lot in virtualization and the cloud and areas like that. Some of 
those are very, very linked towards our partnership with VMware. 

<Q - Brian Marshall>: Great. Thanks John. 

Operator 

The next question I'm showing comes from Brian Modoff. Your line is open. 


<Q>: Yeah, hi. This is Vijay calling on behalf of Brian. 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Hi. 

<Q>: I have a question for you, John. If you could help us articulate the mobile Internet use case – obviously we are 
seeing 250 million smartphones in the U.S and lots of TCP connections for smartphones, load on the messaging traffic 
in mobile operators. Just help us understand the VIPRION opportunity in mobile Internet? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, in fact, if you hadn't said VIPRION, that would 
have been the first word out of my mouth. Most of these bigger deals we're talking about are VIPRION-based, 
chassis-based, quite often net complaint, but definitely designed for the telco-type world. And it's all about throughput 
and it's about the ability to manage the things like stealing of data, compressing of data, optimizing data, policy engines 

– really the stuff we've talked about over the last 3 to 6 months, that we're continuing to see good momentum with. 
<Q>: And then a follow-up. You speak about virtualized data centers environment. I've been following that topic quite 
closely as well. So if we look at VM environment, do you think you would need any fundamental updates to your 
BIG-IP product, or can you leverage what you have in the current product in VM environments? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We're leveraging what we have, but we're also 
enhancing it at the same time, so we're doing both. What we have has got massive added value right now, but I 
mentioned that in fact we're going to be doing some announcements on the VMware side, specifically in the next few 
days, and obviously the virtualization version is very critical in that environment as well. 

<Q>: Okay, thanks, John. Good luck. 

Operator 

Alex Henderson, your line is open. 

<Q - Alex Henderson>: Thank you very much. I was wondering if you could give us a little bit more sense of the rate 
of growth within the service provider space? Obviously, that's a critical element of the mix – there's clearly some 
seasonality in there. Can you help us think through how this trajectory should look over time? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, the way to think of it, if you look at last quarter 
as I mentioned that the sales bookings were pretty much normal, which is approaching the 25% number is what we've 
seen. And given that was pretty normal and you can see our growth rate in product was in the 30s, you should assume 
that that vertical was in the same area. So we don't expect it – we do think there's a possibility of telco taking up, but we 
do see a lot of opportunity in the enterprise with data server consolidation, as well as the technology space like social 
networking. So I don't see it taking up considerably, I think it's just one of our key three verticals that we think is going 
to keep growing. 

<Q - Alex Henderson>: Yeah, if I could add one more clarification. The products that you talked about announcing 
next week – are we to assume that those products are available when announced, as opposed to announced and then 
available at some point in the future? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Available when announced. 

<Q - Alex Henderson>: Yeah, great. Thanks. 

Operator 

The next question comes from Brent Bracelin. Your line is open. 

<Q - Brent Bracelin>: Thank you. Question, really, on the sustainability of growth here, John. If I look at product 
growth, 38%, looks like it's the highest since 2006. As I think about the last 4, 5 years ago, you introduced a major 


platform upgrade, drove acceleration and product growth for several years. How shall we rationalize what you're seeing 
now? How much of the growth is tied to more of a rebound, kind of off a challenging 2009 versus really the benefit of 
potential share gains tied to the Version 10, 10.1 kind of product cycle? Can you help rationalize how much of the 
revenue here is just a rebound and how much of them really can be attributed to a product cycle here that had some 
legs? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Unfortunately, Brent, it's all of the above. I definitely 

– there's some element of rebound in the sense that the comparisons are easier, that's obvious, that clearly continues 
into next quarter as well. But, I truly believe the real answer is that the momentum in our vertical markets, that the 
drivers we were talking about – the telco driver, the data center consolidation, which we think is there for a reasonable 
amount of time. Our competitive position, I mentioned, is strong as it's been. We're adding to the product roadmap. We 
think we're going to see some momentum for the foreseeable future. Obviously we only give a quarter's guidance, but 
we will, when we get to October, we'll give some feeling for 2011 as well. 
<Q - Brent Bracelin>: Helpful. And then just one just quick follow-up, clearly you anticipated the tech Internet 
vertical to kind of spike here; it certainly did as you'd think. You mentioned telco could rebound next quarter based on 
the bookings momentum. What's your visibility on the tech Internet vertical side? Still some big opportunities there, or 
could you just 


<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Oh no – big opportunities with good visibility. 

<Q - Brent Bracelin>: Okay. Great. Thank you. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. 

Operator 

Next question comes from Mark Sue. Your line is open. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Thank you. John, are there other large financial services consolidation type of deals out in the 
horizon, or do you feel that we're still in the early stages of data center consolidation, that you don't need it for 
continued sequential growth? And just overall, as we look at your top-line growth prospects, do you think it gets 
progressively harder as the numbers get larger? And since you already own the market and it's – the share gains get a 
little bit tougher for you? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. Right – on the first question, Mark. The 
financial business consolidation giving us opportunity for overall data center consolidation. Yes, there are continuing to 
be opportunities. In fact, last quarter, we saw one of those opportunities starting to bear fruit. So I think that is going to 
continue. 

Having said that, I think data center consolidation is all over the place. So, in terms of providing sequential growth, 
that's going to do that. The big thing in the growth – I think we're going to keep gaining share, given our strength of the 
product line. I mean, I'm not privy to exactly what the competition are doing, but I can see where we are today and I 
can see the rate of the product roadmap and the features and it's going to be very difficult to follow us. 

When you talk about taking VIPRION chassis-based solutions right into the mid-range, effect the pricing that is a 
difficult thing to combat, competitive-wise. And then this whole virtual clustered multiprocessing that we're talking 
about, this is very complex. But it's really in the sweet spot of cloud and virtualized-type architecture. So I do think 
we're going to keep going, as you get bigger of course, the numbers get tougher, but we feel good about the 
momentum. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: John, what inning do you think we are in data center consolidation? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: You will need to ask -- I'm a European, I'm not a 
baseball guy. I'll ask Andrew that one. 


<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Yeah, I think our position is, we still see in 
data center consolidation, we're in the early days of what I think is going to be, and I think we all do, a big wave of the 
consolidation for efficiency gains that you can get. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Okay, that's helpful. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We're not in extra time at the World Cup, Mark. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Thank you. 

Operator 

The next question comes from Ryan Hutchinson. Your line is open. 

<Q - Ryan Hutchinson>: Good afternoon guys. Just a question for Andy. A lot of noise around changes in rev rec, 
have you guys adopted any changes related to that? And if so, when and how much and if not, do you plan to? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Well, we have not adopted anything 
around rev rec yet, but we have looked at it pretty closely. Our position is that it won't have any material impact to our 
revenue. And in fact, when we do adopt, we will make sure and tell you, for the quarter that we're giving guidance, that 
we are adopting and what, if any, impact there is. 

<Q - Ryan Hutchinson>: Okay, great. Thank you. That's helpful. 

Operator 

Next question comes from Rohit Chopra. Your line is open. 

<Q - Rohit Chopra>: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. We haven't talked about partnerships in a while and I 
was just wondering, John, if you can talk a little bit about how much of a driver have they been for growth and maybe 
you can touch upon a few key people – HP, Microsoft, whoever? That'd be my first question. 

<A - Dan Matte>: This is Dan Matte, I'll run with that one. Partnerships have been great, really continuing to drive a 
bunch of business for us. So anything from – talking about Microsoft or the new versions, the 2010 of Exchange, 
SharePoint, et cetera, et cetera – clearly very early innings there, as far as those products rolling out in a worldwide 
marketplace. But seeing great traction for our solutions combined with them. So very, very happy there. Other folks, 
IBM's seeing lots of traction with their application network performance optimization group. So lots of things going on 
in the ground across EMEA and across North America as well. So, again, very pleased there. 

Oracle, similar story, I think we have the most comprehensive set of solutions we've ever had with them and we 
announced some stuff, more things coming up here at Interop. And then, of course, Dell has been really going from 
strength to strength for us, so that's great. And then, last one I'll throw in is HP and we're seeing different traction 
across different groups there. Haven't seen any impact with all the PreCom stuff going on. So, overall, I've been very, 
very pleasantly pleased with the results there and we're investing behind those relationships in our personnel worldwide 
to drive them more. So looking forward to even better things in the future. 

<Q - Ryan Hutchinson>: Right. And John mentioned that there are a lot large deals this quarter – are these large deals 
mostly coming from your partners, or are they coming from direct or indirect, is there a way to rough guess it? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Absolutely, this is John. Most of our business is 
partner-driven. I mean, we are very partner-oriented organization and we think that gives us great leverage. So if you 
look at the deals that we work with partners, it's a very high percentage, I mean it might be 80, 85, it might be even 
sometimes higher than that, of our total business. And sometimes we actually run with most of the deals, sometimes the 
partners do. Clearly we would like the latter, because it's the most efficient, but it's core to the way we do business. 


<Q - Ryan Hutchinson>: All right. I only have two quick questions after this. I just wanted to know if the large deal 
was done? And lastly, just on off-shoring, where you were in that cycle of moving some manufacturing offshore? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Yeah, so to answer the large deal question, 
yeah, that's completely through and out. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And then the off-shore. Yeah, it's going extremely 
well. We basically – we're phasing it, we're obviously going to phase it throughout the next 12 months, but we really 
ramped up last quarter and a lot of the specific part of the BIG-IP product line actually came from offshore. 

<Q - Ryan Hutchinson>: All right, thank you. 

Operator 

Troy Jensen, your line is open. 

<Q - Troy Jensen>: Hey, congrats on a nice quarter gentleman. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Thanks. 

<Q - Troy Jensen>: A couple of quick questions here for Andy. So when I talk about operating leverage, I was 
wondering if you could give us an update. You've been able to bump up the margin, the operating margin slightly in the 
last couple of quarters with kind of an investment. Mid-term, long-term, what are you thinking for operating margins? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Yeah, I think if you look at the guidance 
that we laid out there, it will probably – our target is just stay at this level range that we're out right now. And I think 
the results have principally been driven by our philosophy of investing behind revenue and I don't see that changing. So 
as we look at revenue outcomes, we'll see, we'll continue to invest behind revenue very – in a very disciplined approach 
and we'll see what results that gives us. 

<Q - Troy Jensen>: All right. And a question I typically ask. Can you tell us what percent of installed base is running 
at 4.0 still? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Yeah, it's actually very small – if we look 
at it today, most of the platforms that are out there that were originally 4.0 have migrated up. We continue to go after 
them, but it's not – though we go after them for the upgrade opportunity, it's really not a major opportunity for us there 
that we're focused on. We're after 10.0, getting people on to 10.0, and driving that opportunity which is much, much 
larger for us. 

<Q - Troy Jensen>: Got you. And last one, I'll get out of the queue here, but DSOs, it looks like an all-time record low 
at least as far as my model goes back. 

<A>: Yeah. 

<Q - Troy Jensen>: Could you just talk about an area in the quarter or why they're below 40 days here? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Yeah, our revenue linearity was very 
strong and that combined with collections just really extremely good. If you look at the balance sheet you'll see that on 
both sides of the balance sheet they're just way down. It was just one of the quarters that everything drove really well 
on the back of really good business. So it definitely took a jump up. We think it'll pull back a little bit that you see from 
the guidance, but we'll see what it does over the longer term. 

<Q - Troy Jensen>: Keep up the good work guys. 


<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Thanks. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Next question comes from Jeff Kvaal. Your line is open. 

<Q - Jeff Kvaal>: Yes, thanks very much. I was wondering if you two would mind revisiting the mix of services 
revenues that you have – obviously it's been great, hasn't really fallen off as Park revenue has picked back up recently. 
I'm wondering how you're feeling about the long-term mix? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Yeah, short answer is very good and I 
point to the deferred revenue going up again pretty strongly this quarter. I think there is a little bit of lag affect of the 
service growth catching up to product, but for the foreseeable future I think we're probably at the mix level we're going 
to see. I think over the much longer-term think I'd like to see service lower than that, but just for the health of the 
business, but I think where it is is where we're going to see it and as long as my deferred revenue's growing like it is, 
it's great. 

<Q - Jeff Kvaal>: Just on the deferred revenue topic, Andy. One of the things that could be a function of this new 
FASB ruling is that deferred revenue is going down a little bit, right? Because you're recognizing it in the quarter your 
share price has been later. So should we be on the lookout for deferred revenue declining as a percentage of sales or 
percentage of forward sale? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Yeah, when I told, Ryan, we've looked at 
it and we don't see much of an impact and I think as you see on our deferred revenue is a fact that we just -- it's almost 
all service revenue that's in our deferred. We don't have much product at all and that's really where the impact is, shift 
from service to product. So I wouldn't anticipate much of an impact there. But, again, when we adopt, which I think 
will be with our fiscal year, so October 1, when we give guidance then we'll definitely lay that out for you. 

<Q - Jeff Kvaal>: Thank you, Andy. 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Yeah. 

Operator 

Paul Mansky, your line is open. 

<Q - Paul Mansky>: Thank you and I want to echo my congratulations on a solid quarter. Can you spend a minute 
maybe talking a little bit about the federal business, specifically? We've been picking up quite a bit related to push outs 
into June. Did you see anything related to that in your March quarter? 

<A - Dan Matte>: No, not really. We saw really strong federal business in the March quarter. And, really, we doubled 
the size of the team in the last 18 months and we've really seen some great execution – selling much bigger deals, 
getting into much longer-term programs and giving us, I think, better predictability and visibility into our pipeline than 
we've ever seen before. And there are also a very strong vertical for ARX. I think we've seen pretty good execution 
there as well. 

<Q - Paul Mansky>: And then as we look at the upcoming quarter, can you talk about directional indications vis-à-vis 
geographies – you're expecting all your geographies may be ex-Japan off the tough comp, but you're expecting all other 
geographies to grow sequentially? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, we're probably not going to talk about that 
because at the moment, sales booking is really the key issue. I mean, all the geographies were up, we're probably not 


going to be that specific this time. But there's no -- if you look geography wise, we feel, as we said in the press release 
and in my script, we feel very good about last quarter, especially North America and EMEA, the bigger deal. We think 
there's room for improvement and we think we can make that improvement in Japan. There's some – a lot of focus 
going on in that and we feel good about getting there, having more direct touch. And then of course the growth 
opportunities in Asia, but apart from that we're not going to be more specific. 

<Q - Paul Mansky>: Okay, great. Thank you again. 

Operator 

Next question comes from Hasan Imam. Your line is open. 

<Q>: Yeah, hi. Since you were talking about innings throughout, just wondering in terms of TMOS 10.1, where exactly 
are you in terms of – which innings are you – in terms of deployment? 

<A>: Hasan, early, early innings in that. So we're seeing, of course, the devices that are shipping out of the factory all 
come equipped with version 10, the latest version, only by exception would somebody ask for something other than 
that. And then in terms of our upgrade cycle with the devices out there, still at the very beginnings – we're tracking that, 
but very, very early days there yet. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And just to add to that, we don't want to give you the 
impression that most of what we're shipping has got version 10 because there is a lot of customers that do want the 
current version. So it's a combination of both. 

<Q>: Great, thank you. And by the way, this is [inaudible] for Hasan Iman. One follow-up question. For virtual EDCs, 
as you kind of start ramping up on that market, do you see that cannibalizing any of the file virtualization business at 
all? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Definitely not the file virtualization, because they are 
really – they are in two different areas in the data center and they do two completely different job roles. In terms of the 
cannibalizing, the BIG-IP appliance range and VIPRION, we don't see that either, we see it very much as an add-on 
cum hybrid solution in an overall architecture. So not really, we don't – as I said earlier, we think the virtualization 
that's going to be really critical moving forward for architecture, but it's going to be slow in terms of its overall revenue. 
And I think it's something that's going to be over a year, couple of years before it becomes a significant amount of 
revenue. 

<Q > 
And any idea about the TAM in that market? 

<A - Dan Matte>: We've cited that before, the only real numbers out there for that particular one, this is Dan, are the 
Gartner numbers hanging out there. So it's sort of like -


<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And it's very small. 

<A - Dan Matte>: Yeah, exactly. So I think we'll see what happens as the world turns here, but initially we're seeing a 
lot of adoption in terms of key places like test environment, people coding against it, and so we'll see. In fact we've 
already seen it pull forward hardware deals, the traditional product as well. So we'll see what happens ultimately. 

<Q > 
Great. Thank you. 


Operator 

Erik Suppiger, your line is open. 

<Q - Erik Suppiger>: Good afternoon and congratulations. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

<Q - Erik Suppiger>: Two quick questions. Look at the product mix profile right now between low-end mid range and 
high-end products. 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Yeah, so Erik, we look at it basically low 
high and it's been pretty consistent over last 2, 3 quarters, at roughly 50-50. Lot of that we've introduced more higher 
end products and obviously that drives it. We'll see, we feel like it's pretty healthy right now actually with the revenue 
breakdown. We're seeing our deal size is up overall, so we're glad to see that. It's good. 

<Q - Erik Suppiger>: You say it's been consistent over the last 2 or 3 quarters, is that where it had been a year ago or 
so or has that changed over the last 18 months? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Remember before we introduced a 1600 and 3600 
about a year ago. We did see some issues at the lower end and that definitely helped. So it has improved, but it 
stabilized over the last 3 or 4 quarters. 

<Q - Erik Suppiger>: Okay, all right. And then did you give the breakout between your installed customers and your 
new customers in the quarter? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: No we didn't, but let me get those for you. 
It was new business came about 27% of revenue, 73 from existing. 

<Q - Erik Suppiger>: It looks like your existing customers came down a little bit, did you say? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: No, it actually went up a little bit to 73%, 
but the good thing we're seeing there what we're liking is from existing customers, we've seen much larger deal sizes. 
So we're being driven by that. We'll see how it settles out, I don't think it's trended to an extreme, but we definitely are 
watching it, we definitely have a lot of activities engaged for going after new customers. And we'll continue to do that. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: But, as Andy said, the key for us is that we may get a 
brand new customer on a $200,000 transaction. If that's a Fortune 500 company, we would expect to prove ourselves, 
prove the value, do more selling and make that a multi-million dollar account and that's what's proving out. 

<Q - Erik Suppiger>: Very good. Okay. Thank you very much. 

<A - John Eldridge, Investor Relations>: Well. This is John Eldridge. We're going to take one more question and 
then we're going to wind the call down. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our last question comes from Samuel Wilson. Your line is open. 

<Q - Samuel Wilson>: Good afternoon. I don't quite know how to ask this question about being a little blunt, so I 
apologize up front. But on ARX it's about 2% of revenues. I'm sure it's a heck of a lot higher percentage of operating 
expenses and even if it gets to 10 million, will it turn profitable at 10 million? And at what type of number do you need 
to get to get this to be a profitable business before you start thinking about shutting it down? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Yeah, so we don't actually break that out, 
but I will tell you, it is the one area of our business where we're not investing behind revenue. And that's something 
we're very focused on and I think you'll see that as we drive to that goal of $10 million a quarter we're going to be just 


as focused on a break-even and profitable business. So I'll leave it at that. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And the key for us, Sam, is to see momentum in it. I 
mean, the 10 million is obviously – it's a stake we put in the ground, it's a stake in the ground that we think's 
achievable. But the reality as you look at it from a momentum beyond that. And obviously we look at this a lot 
internally and we keep coming up with it – the solution that we have a great product here that's getting a great ROI to 
customers. It's going through some of tougher economic times and we think we can get momentum in it. But 
momentum is the key thing that we're going to look at. 

<Q - Samuel Wilson>: Got it, okay. Thank you. 

<< 

John Eldridge, Investor Relations>> 

Okay, thanks very much for joining us and we look forward to talking with all of you again next quarter. 

Operator 

Thank you. This does conclude the conference call. You may disconnect at this time. Have a great day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


