Q3 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• John Eldridge, Investor Relations 
• Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer 
• John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Mark Anderson 
• Dan Matte 
Other Participants 

• Mark Sue 
• Alex Henderson 
• Jess Lubert 
• Brian Marshall 
• Ittai Kidron 
• Min Park 
• Vijay Doradla 
• Jason Ader 
• Brian White 
• Nikos Theodosopoulos 
• Brent Bracelin 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon and welcome to the F5 Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all parties will 
be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion. Also today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has 
any objections, please disconnect at this time. 

I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin. 

John Eldridge, Investor Relations 

Thank you, Sarah . Welcome all our investors and analysts to our third quarter fiscal 2010 conference call. Speakers on 
today's call are John McAdam, President and CEO and Andy Reinland, Senior VP, Chief Finance Officer. Other 
members of our executive team are also with us to answer questions following our prepared comments. If you have any 
questions after today's call, please direct them to me at 206-272-6571. 

If you don't have a copy of today's press release, it's available on our website, F5.com. In addition, you can access an 
archived version of today's live webcast from the Events Calendar page of our website through October 26. From 4:30 
PM today until midnight Pacific Time, July 22, you can also listen to a telephone replay at 800-224-1051 or 
402-220-3762. 

During today's call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, 
anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our 


actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our 
results are summarized in our quarterly release and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no 
duty to update any information presented in this call. 

Now, I'll turn the call over to Andy Reinland. 

Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer 

Thank you, John. Q3 marked another quarter of strong business momentum as adoption of our application delivery 
controller products accelerated, resulting in record results for revenue, gross margin and net income. Revenue of 230.5 
million increased 12% sequentially from 206.1 million in the prior quarter and was well above our guided range of 214 
to 219 million. 

GAAP EPS of $0.50 per diluted share was above our guided range of 42 to $0.44. Excluding stock-based compensation 
expense, non-GAAP EPS of $0.66 per diluted share was also above our guidance of 57 to $0.59. 

Product revenue of 147.4 million grew 14% sequentially and represented 64% of total revenue. Service revenue of 83.1 
million grew 9% sequentially and accounted for 36% of total revenue. Book-to-bill for the quarter was greater than 1. 

By region, the Americas represented 59% of total revenue, EMEA accounted for 22%, APAC 12% and Japan 7%. 
Revenue from our core application delivery networking business was 218.5 million or 95% of total revenue. Revenue 
of 6.2 million from our ARX file virtualization products was up from 4.3 million in the prior quarter and accounted for 
3% of total revenue. 

FirePass revenue of 5.7 million decreased slightly from the prior quarter and represented 2% of total revenue. During 
Q3, the financial vertical accounted for 24% of revenue, telco was 23% and technology was 20%. Total government 
revenue was 10%, including 5% from U.S. federal. During Q3, we had 1 greater than 10% distributor, Avnet, which 
represented 13.3% of total revenue. 

Moving down the income statement. GAAP gross margin in Q3 was 80.7%. Excluding approximately 1.8 million of 
stock-based compensation expense, non-GAAP gross margin was 81.4%. GAAP operating expenses of 125.8 million 
were slightly above our target range of 118 to 122 million. Excluding 15.6 million of stock-based compensation 
expense, non-GAAP operating expenses were 110.1 million. 

GAAP operating margin was 26.1%. Non-GAAP operating margin, which excludes stock-based compensation 
expense, was 33.6%. Our GAAP effective tax rate was 36.4%. Excluding stock-based compensation, our non-GAAP 
effective tax rate was 34.3%. 

On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with 781 million in cash and investments. Cash flow from operations was 
$75 million. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 291,000 shares of our common stock at an average 
price of $68.67 per share for a total of approximately 20 million. 

DSO at the end of Q3 was 40 days. Inventories at quarter end were 17.7 million. Deferred revenue increased 6% 
sequentially to 239.6 million. 

Capital expenditures for the quarter were 3.3 million and depreciation and amortization expense was 5.8 million. We 
ended the quarter with approximately 1,900 employees, an increase of 80 from the prior quarter. 

Looking ahead to Q4, our core drivers remain robust, generating significant growth opportunities going forward and we 
anticipate continued momentum in Q4. For the current quarter, we are targeting revenue in the range of 242 to 247 
million. We expect GAAP gross margin in the 80 to 81% range including approximately $2 million of stock-based 
compensation expense. 

We anticipate GAAP operating expenses in the range of 129 to 133 million. This includes approximately 16.5 million 
of stock-based compensation expense. 


Our GAAP EPS target is 53 to $0.55 per diluted share. Excluding stock compensation, our non-GAAP EPS target is 69 
to $0.71 per diluted share. We are forecasting an effective tax rate of 36.5%. Excluding stock-based compensation, we 
expect a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 34.5%. 

We plan to increase our head count in excess of 100 employees in the current quarter. We estimate our DSO will be in 
the low 40 day range. We expect inventory levels within a range of 17 to 19 million and we believe our cash flow from 
operations will be in excess of $85 million. 

With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam. 

John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Andy, and good afternoon, everyone. The F5 team delivered another solid quarter in Q3. We have experienced 
strong business momentum in the first half of fiscal 2010 and this positive momentum increased again in quarter 3. 
Each of the major geographic regions performed at or above our expectations. 

Quarterly product revenue was up 54% year-over-year and our service business grew 33% year-over-year. Sales 
bookings were also very strong across all geographies with book-to-bill above 1 for the quarter. We continued to 
strengthen our already stellar balance sheet with 75 million in cash from operations and we closed the quarter with 781 
million in cash and investments and no debt. 

Our profitability metrics remain world class with non-GAAP operating margins at 33.6%. From a geographic 
perspective, the business environment in North America continued to be very strong driven by several large 
transactions. Business in EMEA and Asia-Pacific was also strong with sequential growth and year-over-year quarterly 
growth in both those geographies. Our business in Japan had its highest quarterly year-over-year growth in almost three 
years. 

As we have mentioned many times during fiscal 2010, datacenter consolidation utilizing virtualization technologies and 
explosive growth in mobile data traffic continue to be major drivers of our business, resulting in an increasing number 
of large transactions. 

As Andy mentioned earlier, revenue from our ARX business was 6.2 million, up significantly from Q2. We saw an 
increasing number of ARX sales wins in North America last quarter, which we believe is a result of the changes we 
introduced in our go-to-market strategy. Our objective is to build on these changes and generate real momentum behind 
the ARX business. 

Our application delivery controller business continues to be the major driver of our overall growth with large 
transactions at the high end of the BIG-IP product range as well as multiple VIPRION sales. Our competitive win rate 
is extremely high as a result of our clear technology leadership in both performance and functionality. 

During Q3, we introduced version 10.2 of TMOS with a host of new features. With TMOS 10.2, we added a number of 
features to help extend enterprise datacenter architecture to the cloud and enable enterprises and service providers to 
realize the potential of on-demand IT through a dynamic services model. We also added new functionality like 
client-site protection for our Application Security Module, ASM, with features like cross-site request forgery protection 
as well as a next-generation policy builder that allows ASM to learn based on traffic patterns and automatically make 
policy recommendations, facilitating the implementation of application security. 

In parallel with the 2.2 release, we added 2 new products at the high end of our BIG-IP appliance range, the 8950 and 
the 11050 models with throughput of 20 and 40 plus gigabit per second respectively. Our software-only virtualization 
of BIG-IP has created a lot of interest and is driving a number of sales opportunity as has the recently introduced virtual 
edition of our FirePass solution. 

We expect to extend our technology leadership as we introduce a wide range of new product, enhanced functionality 
and significant architectural editions over the next 12 months. For example, we plan to expand our popular line of 
chassis-based VIPRION application delivery controllers with products at price points comparable to the mid-range of 


our current BIG-IP appliance family. 

We will also deliver significant performance improvements in our entry-level and our mid-range appliances by 
leveraging elements of the VIPRION technology. We plan to integrate a Virtual Clustered Multi-processing 
technology, VCMP, giving our customers tremendous flexibility to design and implement state-of-the-art architectures, 
which optimize virtualization and cloud-based technologies. VCMP is resonating very well with our customers as we 
continue to validate the architectural design. The VCMP architecture, combined with our new centralized management 
infrastructure and the ability to create dynamic deployment templates, will be a huge step forward in creating greater 
value and differentiation across our product line. 

Our ARX roadmap includes the introduction of a software-only VMware version of the product targeted for the first 
half of next calendar year. This software-only version of ARX will be targeted as an OEM for partner solutions. We 
also plan to introduce a new cost-reduced range of high-performance platforms next year to allow improved scaling and 
lower latency, especially important in NFS environments. 

In addition, the version of TMOS that will support VCMP functionality I mentioned earlier will also support ARX 
integration into BIG-IP. These are just some of the many features which we believe will significantly increase our 
technology leadership as well as create huge barriers to entry for our competitors. 

As far as the overall business outlook is concerned, I feel very optimistic heading into the final quarter of the fiscal 
year, given the strong sales momentum we are currently experiencing combined with our significant backlog. Also the 
pipeline of future sales opportunities has continued to grow significantly on a sequential basis throughout 2010 and this 
is usually the most important metric when looking forward to next fiscal year. 

Our competitive position remains very strong and we believe it will be even stronger as we execute on our product 
roadmap and continue to deliver world-leading technology to optimize and secure mission-critical applications in the 
datacenter. We believe we have an expanding addressable market opportunity in front of us. We have significant 
market opportunities with individual customer account penetration as well as expansion opportunities from both a 
geographic and vertical market perspective. 

Key drivers for our business including datacenter consolidation, virtualization, cloud-based services and the growth of 
mobile applications and data all continue to produce strong momentum in our markets throughout the world. F5's 
solutions occupy strategic control points across global datacenters and we are extremely well positioned to take 
advantage of these trends. 

In conclusion, I would like to thank the F5 team, our partners and customers for the support last quarter and let's now 
hand the call over for Q&A. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Mark Sue. Please state your company. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Thank you. Mark Sue, RBC. Hi, John, there were times in the past when the company struggled 
because of the macro and now there are times such as today where the revenues are accelerating sequentially despite 
the macro. In anticipating your comments on the strength with datacenter consolidation projects, how long does that 
last and are there leading indicators from your discussion with customers that the trend can last for several years? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, the feeling that we have and it's obviously very 
subjective, but the feeling that we have when we look at the way, the phase that datacenter consolidation is in, it's really 
at the beginning. So we would expect to see a multi-year opportunity, 3, maybe as long as 5 with datacenter 
consolidation. It's something that tends to be iterative and it tends to go on for a while. So we think that's going to be a 
strong secular growth area. 


<Q - Mark Sue>: Okay. Likewise, the IPv6 upgrade and the strength we're seeing in Japan, is that something that 
continues for at least several quarters? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, we hope so. I mean, we have been putting a lot 
of effort into our go-to-market strategy in Japan in particular with direct touch. I don't think it is directly linked to IPv6. 
It is a growth driver, but it is not directly linked to that. I think it's more direct to – directed toward execution, direct 
touch and then obviously going for bigger deals. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Okay. That's all very helpful. Thank you gentlemen and good luck. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Alex Henderson. Please state your company. 

<Q - Alex Henderson>: Hi, Miller Tabak. I just wanted to go to the gross margin guidance a little bit. You launched 
several high-end products and the software upgrade in the most recent quarter. I would assume that that would be 
ramping sequentially over the next several quarters as the customers bring those products in house. Normally high-end 
products like that carry higher margins and certainly software carries your highest margin. So can you talk a little bit 
about why we would expect gross margins to be anything but up and to the right? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Yes, I think as we talk about too, not only 
the benefits from the products, which is mainly more software, our products, even at the introduction of just high-end, 
still carries pretty consistent gross margins with the rest of our product line. But we continue with moving our builds 
offshore to China which is providing benefit for us and we continue with our gross margin focus, the gross margin task 
force, looking at supply chain, discounting all areas that we want to effect positively. And we look forward to 
strengthen definitely, but what we do say is what we are looking to do is leverage that back into the channel to drive top 
end. So if we look over the last, yes, we have definitely seen it go up and increase. We'll talk next quarter about what 
we think for fiscal 2011. But the trends are positive. It's how we leverage that back into the business and we'll talk 
about that more next quarter. 

<Q - Alex Henderson>: One last question off of that comment. So is there, now that you are finally getting some 
traction in the file virtualization segment, if that product line is now becoming successful with the less attention to it, 
are you guys so busy with what you're doing that you're not really able to look at small tuck-in acquisitions? I mean, 
these numbers are pretty amazing to be managing. I would assume that you're probably less likely to do transactions. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, and just the same answer that has been in 
previous quarters regarding acquisitions. We're always looking. We get approached often. But we do have a very, very 
strong product roadmap that's an organic roadmap. So we never discount it, but we are very, very focused on a strong 
roadmap. 

<Q - Alex Henderson>: Great, thanks for the time. Great quarter. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Jess Lubert. Please state your company. 

<Q - Jess Lubert>: Wells Fargo Securities. Thank you for taking my question, guys. Couple of questions here. First, 
you mentioned you saw a number of large transactions in the period. Could you give us a sense of what verticals and 
geographies these deals are taking place in and size-wise, do any of these deals compare to the big consolidation deal 
we saw earlier in the year? 


<A - Mark Anderson>: Hey, Jess, this is Mark Anderson. We really saw it across all geographies. Last quarter we had 
the largest deal in the history of Japan, pretty significant multi-million dollar deal. But we saw the same thing in 
EMEA, APAC and the Americas with pretty significant quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year improvements in the 
metrics that we measured, things like the number of $200,000 deals, the $1 million-plus transactions and the revenue 
associated with that. So I think really strong, directionally correct kind of data that made us all feel really good. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. As Mark said, we've actually saw strength at 
almost across the board, so if you look at the 200K plus transactions, they have been going up as well. What we didn't 
do by the way, we didn't see any deals even remotely close to the last one that we booked earlier. So there was no – 
there was multi-million dollar deals, but it was in the single-digit, mostly towards the low single-digits of the 
multi-million. 

<A - Mark Anderson>: Just one more thing, Jess. To put it in perspective, it was multiples of what we saw in that 
quarter with that single big deal, multiples in terms of the number of million-dollar deals. 

<Q - Jess Lubert>: And then very robust sales guidance coming off the Q3 results. Could you perhaps discuss the 
close rates in the guidance and how they compare to what you actually experienced this past quarter? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, the close rates were pretty close to a normal 
scenario last quarter and that's the way they've been tracking over the last – we talk – when we saw the macro issues, 
which was the end of 2008, early 2009, we saw the close rate worsening. And then roundabout April we started to see it 
getting better and it's just got consistently better. So it was pretty close to normality last quarter, a high percentage of 
our pipeline. 

<Q - Jess Lubert>: But in terms of the guidance, the close rates embedded in the guidance, they are consistent with 
what you've been seeing or are they more conservative? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We tend to be realistic. I don't like using words like 
conservative. We tend to – I think they are realistic. 

<Q - Jess Lubert>: And then the last question, U.S. federal looks like it was down sequentially for the third 
consecutive quarter. Can you discuss what drove the weakness there and how do you expect this business to track going 
forward? Any comments you can offer there I think would be helpful. Thanks. 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Yes. That's actually kind of a rounding 
thing on the percentages. And I'll also say that from a bookings perspective actually federal did okay against our 
expectations given that it's Q3. I think we've been pretty public saying that, Q4 obviously is the fiscal year end for the 
government. So we look at that to bode well for us. And I think overall we feel really good about the vertical there. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We do. I mean the year-over-year numbers with 
federal are excellent. And we think that's going to continue. We've seen great year-over-year quarterly growth in 
federal. 

<A - Mark Anderson>: And just to be a little more specific, the pipeline is very strong. And don't forget, I mentioned 
last November, in the last 2 years we've doubled the size of this team. And the productivity metrics from the team are 
significantly better than they had been. 

<Q - Jess Lubert>: Thanks again, guys. And congratulations on a great quarter. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Brian Marshall. Please state your company. 


<Q - Brian Marshall>: Hi. Gleacher & Company. Thanks, guys. Nice quarter. With your revenue growing almost 
50% year-over-year now, I think this marks the fourth quarter in a row where your OpEx has actually grown at a slower 
rate sequentially than your revenue. And I was wondering how sustainable is this going forward considering the fact 
that we are approaching pretty high growth opportunities here on the revenue side and how are you thinking about 
investing for the future? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes Andy – this is John – Andy may want to add to 
this. But the biggest change in OpEx for us is as we've said many times is head count. I think we said last quarter that 
we're looking to hire between 80 and 100. We were at the low end of that range. I can assure you that's not linked to our 
confidence level. In reality what we found was that in sales and marketing, great success. It's much more difficult in 
development so we've put a lot of effort into that as we move into this quarter as well. So it really is, it's hiring 
aggressively but without any compromise in quality of individuals. So we're not going to compromise in quality, but 
we want to hire aggressively. That's really what you're seeing. 

<Q - Brian Marshall>: Okay, John. Sorry, go ahead, Andy. 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: I was just going to say too, if you size up 
the guidance that we gave all the way through to the income statement, we anticipate it to be strong again this quarter 
and probably a continuing of that scenario. And I'll reiterate the next call, which marks our Q4 call, the beginning of 
our fiscal year, we'll look at our business and the sustainability of that and what our plans are and comment more on it 
during that call. 

<Q - Brian Marshall>: Okay. And with regards to Acopia's ARX line, I think we were expecting a little bit more 
growth there this quarter. And I was wondering if you still feel pretty confident about getting to double-digits millions 
in terms of revenue for the September timeframe? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, I knew we were going to get this question. The 
initial bottom-up forecast indicates that the 10 million actually is going to be a stretch in Q4. Not impossible, but 
probably a stretch. And we certainly haven't assumed $10 million in our guidance. So we haven't done that. Having 
said that, it is possible. What we are assuming, a sequential increase in Q4 over Q3, so we do see progress and 
continuing. And frankly the real issue for me is seeing momentum especially in the pipeline as we look forward. And I 
think we're going to see that. Most of the go-to-market deployment that we have changed has been in North America 
and that's where we saw the improvement. So the deal with us is now to push that forward globally. 

And then, so the real issue is momentum, but we feel reasonably much more positive than last quarter that we think we 
can see that happening. The other thing that's important is when we look at the roadmap, I mentioned a couple of 
comments about it, we feel very good about some of the stuff that we're coming out now with ARX. The software-only 
version, which is as I said for the first half of next year, that could be very positive in terms of penetrating OEM 
opportunities. But also coming out with some real cost-reduced versions with much more higher performance, as well, 
which we think it'll leverage it. So overall, it's still a long way to go, but we're seeing progress now. 

<Q - Brian Marshall>: And John, just a last question as a follow-up. I mean is the real issue here that this business 
isn't ramping up a little bit quicker just due to heightened competition from likes of NetApp and others or is it 
[inaudible]? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No, it's actually not that. In fact, so we are seeing 
minimum competition generally. And in fact, we've been partnering in the field with a number of storage vendors quite 
successfully. And it's very deal driven, so sometimes we are competing, sometimes we're not. It's not that. We're 
definitely still suffering from the fact that BIG-IP, I've mentioned before is still a sort of in the must-have category of 
datacenters. ARX has got a tremendous ROI, but it's a proof to say it's a must-have. It really is still something that you 
can delay on. But the ROI so positive and I think that once we get this go-to-market momentum, going even – once we 
get more momentum with it you're going to see more success. 

<Q - Brian Marshall>: Okay. And I guess one final question. I apologize, this is the final one. With regards to 
breaking even that business, I mean does that still thinking double-digits there gets you close to that level or have you 


made any changes there that you can speak of? Thanks. 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Yes, no, there's really no change there. It's 
a focus for us. I think as we look at investments where we consider them very carefully in that ARX area, but it's our 
goal to get that to breakeven. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think we proved as a company that we can produce 
great profits and great operating margins. Clearly with ARX, we're not anywhere near that, but that's very much our 
focus to get that in line. 

<Q - Brian Marshall>: Excellent. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Ittai Kidron. Please state your company. 

<Q - Ittai Kidron>: Oppenheimer. And hi, guys, congratulations on a great quarter. Andy, not trying to be a pig here, 
but your guidance seems very low relative to historical trends, sequential trends. In the past you used to do between the 
9 to 12% sequentially, June to September and now your midpoint is kind of 5.5. What am I missing here with regards 
to your sequential expectations into September? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, this is John. I'm going to take Andy off the hook 
on this one. As far as the guidance is concerned you're going to get the same answer. We basically look at the bottoms 
up, we look at the pipeline. We try to be realistic and clearly if we can exceed that's great. And there's no difference this 
quarter. 

<Q - Ittai Kidron>: Yes, but nonetheless, what is it that in the trend in the seasonal or customer profile trends that you 
are seeing, why would this – your expectation for next quarter be any different than it's been in the previous years 
excluding '08 of course? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: As I say, we've taken bottoms up forecast, we've 
added our own due to that and we've come out with a number. 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Yes, and in fairness, Ittai, I think you're 
going pretty far back to grab those percentages. I think if you look in the most, even '08 aside the last 3, 4 years, we've 
kind of been – our aggressiveness has been more 4 to 6 and I think this is a little better than that, so. 

<Q - Ittai Kidron>: Okay. And Andy, going into this year, you've made an effort to try and make us think about how 
March and June can look like. There were some regional trends and if I'm not mistaken, government as well, which 
made for a strong September and then some seasonality into the December, March. This time you didn't bother going 
for it, so should I take that to mean that you expect continued sequential growth into the first half of your next fiscal 
year? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Usually when we comment on that, it's in 
our October call when we kind of look out to give general guidance of our view of the year. And I don't think we'll 
change from that, but I don't think we've updated that much on a quarterly basis. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No. So in October we'll give those types of metrics. 

<Q - Ittai Kidron>: Very good. Good luck, guys. Congratulations. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Thanks. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from Min Park. Your line is open. Please state your company. 

<Q - Min Park>: Great. Min Park from Goldman Sachs. Thank you for taking the questions. First, just curious, if you 
look at the systems that you sold into your existing installed base this quarter, can you just give us a sense of what 
percentage were deployed for replacement or consolidations of existing F5 systems versus new deployments within 
them? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: That's a hard metric to come up with actually. I mean, 
it's interesting, we just completed the detailed reviews in North America, which is more than half our business. What 
we did hear, is we didn't hear much of that to be frank, but what we did hear was a lot of competitor replacements. 
That's still very much ongoing. That's the major thing that we see, that and obviously new architectural changes. A 
significant number, sometimes multi-million dollar deals of competitor replacements. 

<Q - Min Park>: Okay. 

<A - Mark Anderson>: It's Mark Anderson here. We also saw our percentage of our business from new customers go 
up. And we saw quite substantial number of new customer deals. That's really record volume of new customer deals we 
did. So represented either quarter-over-quarter or year-on-year again pretty aggressive and the feeling from the team is 
very positive with new customer acquisition. 

<Q - Min Park>: Okay. And of the new customers is, how much of it's more competitor displacements versus brand 
new build outs of datacenters or new deployments of the technology? 

<A - Mark Anderson>: I would say close to 100%. I mean we are seeing, with our win rates in the mid-90s percentage 
wise, we're seeing our competitors be either distracted or focused on other things. And so we go head-to-head into a 
complete architectural review with our focused sales team and our world-class technology. And it's, I'm not going to 
say it's easy, but it's definitely something that we, we're very successful at. 

<A - Dan Matte>: And then – this is Dan – you can see that reflected too in some of the market share information 
that's coming out, so has come out. In the prior quarter we gained about 4.5% market share out there and really we're 
driving the growth in the market as well. The market grew at a rate lower than that, which we think is indicative of our 
technology being able to be used in places where our competitors simply cannot. So back to answer your original 
question, is it displacement of our own stuff or competitor stuff or brand new places, we're seeing a very healthy 
quantity of business going into brand new deployments where there is nothing like our technology there. 

<Q - Min Park>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes Brian Modoff. Please state your company. 

<Q - Vijay Doradla>: Yes, it's Brian Modoff. This is Vijay calling on behalf of Brian, Deutsche Bank. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hi. 

<Q - Vijay Doradla>: Yes, hi. Hi, John. Hi, Andy. Question for you is I mean if you look into the back half, what 
would be kind of upside to consensus view? Would it be kind of an increase in deployment activity with the telcos with 
VIPRION? Would it be any of these higher end, these multicluster platforms and big datacenters. Any view on the 
margin in terms of what do you think would be kind of upside to consensus view, so? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. We don't tend to comment on consensus views 
as such, but in terms of looking upside there's a number of things. I mean, we are hiring aggressively in sales, so any 
increase in sales productivity especially with entry level has definitely got some opportunity. I think there is 


opportunity as I mentioned in terms of expanding in geographies and vertical markets. It's really pretty much across the 
board. But at the end of the day, when you get to these types of numbers I think it's more about execution. So good 
sales productivity I think is where we see the upside. This whole concept about moving direct touch which we did into 
EMEA. Mark's been doing it now in Japan. We're seeing bigger, bigger deals coming across the board in North 
America. I wouldn't, I'm not going to call it anything specific. There's a number of opportunities. 

<Q - Vijay Doradla>: Just a quick – sorry, go ahead. 

<A>: Vijay, we're also investing in partner enablement and partner accreditation so we are seeing, we're very motivated 
to get the leverage we can get from the partnerships that we've evolved to be liable to, big systems integrators, big 
telcos that are learning that it's not really all about the network anymore, it's about applications. And that's our sweet 
spot. So we are spending money training these folks to go out there and be an extension of our sales force and be more 
productive than they have in the past. 

<Q - Vijay Doradla>: Just a quick follow-on, you mentioned a very insightful point, the software virtualized 
appliance, potentially kind of seeing OEM opportunities. Any color on that? That's a very intriguing point you made, 
so. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: On ARX specifically? 

<Q - Vijay Doradla>: I mean just across the board when you have more of a software or a virtualized form factor. 
Potentially it can have OEM opportunities. Any thoughts on that? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, that's correct. And in fact I mentioned it in my 
script for the ARX, but you are right. I mean if you look at the FirePass product that we've now introduced a virtual 
solution, there's definitely opportunities for OEM there. And in terms of the virtualization for BIG-IP, we've seen a 
very, very strong interest level in terms of downloads. We haven't been giving out the numbers, but it's a very 
significant number of downloads. Interestingly enough, a lot of that has created business for the appliances and so 
developers looking at BIG-IP from a software perspective, seeing how they can develop, CI rules to optimize their 
applications and then actually going ahead and buying appliances. So I think overall it's a very good opportunity. It's 
also an opportunity in the smaller market, the SMB opportunity as well. So yes, this is the beginning, this is really at 
the beginning. I think for ARX it could be very significant, but we'll see. 

<Q - Vijay Doradla>: Yes, perfect. Hey, thanks, John, and best wishes for the rest of the year's. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Jason Ader. Please state your company name. 

<Q - Jason Ader>: Yes it's William Blair. Hey, guys. I had a couple of questions just come off of other calls that has 
been talked about which is weakness in the U.S. fed and weakness in Europe just in terms of demand for tech. And 
that's the first question and maybe you can provide some comments. And then secondly could you give us an update on 
the HP relationship? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, on EMEA and on fed and EMEA first of all, 
obviously there's so much information going around with the macro environment, you can't ignore that, but we are not 
seeing it. We are seeing a strong EMEA, a strong pipeline. Obviously seasonally, this is always a topic area, especially 
July, August. It's typically there's some seasonal issues there, but we're not really seeing that. So, yes, we feel good 
about the opportunity. We do have only the low 20% of our businesses is EMEA, so we think there's great opportunity 
moving forward. We've not seen any change in discounts in EMEA either. There's just no sign of weakness. I was 
cautious when – I'd be as bullish as that but that's what we're seeing right now. In terms of fed, we are expecting a 
pretty strong federal final quarter mark. Said earlier, Jason, in one of the other questions is the pipeline is very strong 
with big projects. So again we feel pretty good about that. 


<Q - Jason Ader>: And HP? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, HP, the relationship with HP is strong. It's 
progressing. It's similar to our relationship with some of our other partners like Dell, it's pretty important. I don't know, 
Dan, if you want to comment. 

<A - Dan Matte>: Yes, sure. So Jason we've had a couple of things progressing in different parts of HP. So 
specifically, their NSS Group that resells different types of products. We have lots of discussions with them. We're 
seeing more progress going through that group, so that's been great. And so there we'll see them roll things out across 
regions around the world and then as well with their ES Group, the EDS acquisition, just seeing continued growth 
there, improvement in the relationship. We're part of a vendor management program that they've got there, which is a 
really good thing to be part of and we expect good things from it over time. And they continue to be a very good 
customer as well. 

<Q - Jason Ader>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Brian White. Please state your company. 

<Q - Brian White>: Ticonderoga. Hi, John. When we look at the phase that we're in datacenter consolidation 
virtualization and the move to cloud computing, do you feel unlike 2008 that the secular trends are more advanced now 
that even if we see a slowdown in the economy, a further slowdown, that it's not going to disrupt your business? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I don't think you can say that. If you see major macro 
trends, like we did, we saw in December of 2008 and then early 2009, we did see a slowdown. But as I've said in 
previous calls, the thing that gave us massive confidence is it was really for us a pause. As soon as that pause of a few 
months was over, we started to see the business accelerating and that's been happening for some time now. So I feel 
very, very good about where we sit in the pecking order of spending, on technology spending. I think we are extremely 
high up there. 

And we've been saying that we really think now that application delivery controllers in a datacenter are really a 
must-have. So I'm not discouraging the macro environment, you could see a pause for a quarter, but I don't think it 
would last long. 

<Q - Brian White>: Okay, great. And just on the verticals, it sounds like the federal will pick up at yearend here. Do 
you think the financial and telecom verticals will continue to grow sequentially into the September quarter? They had 
great June quarters. Do you think that will continue? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, we don't tend to talk about that, to that level of 
growth. The other thing to remember is that we are reporting revenue with the financials and the bookings are very 
strong in all the verticals. We haven't actually seen any significant sway in percentage between telco, finance and 
technology and fed. Fed's been growing, but the percentage of technology, financial and telco have been pretty similar. 
In other words they've been growing as the rest – as the company has been growing. 

<Q - Brian White>: Okay. Great. Thank you. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: If that makes sense. 

<Q - Brian White>: Great, thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Nikos Theodosopoulos. Please state your company. 


<Q - Nikos Theodosopoulos>: Yes, it's UBS. I had two questions. One just a number question. I heard you comment, 
but I didn't hear the percentages if you have them on percentage of business from new versus installed customers. And 
then the second question is, on the mobile data part of your business, is there a way to quantify that a little bit more in 
terms of how much of it is what percentage of sales and how global the nature of that business is? Is it only 
U.S.-centric, is it global, can you put some color around that? Thank you. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Let me give the latter and then Andy can talk about 
the percentages you asked for. It's absolutely global, there's no question about that. It's global. It's in all major regions. 
Most of our business though in service provider is mobile oriented. So we don't say how much, but most of it. Last 
quarter we talked about some of the deals we won, multi-million dollar deals again last quarter in a mobile – for mobile 
applications. So it's a very strong driver for us. 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Yes and then as a breakdown on new 
business versus existing business, 29% was new business this quarter and so 71 existing. And that compares last 
quarter, the new business was 27%. So as Mark said, we are seeing a pickup in the area of new business. 

<Q - Nikos Theodosopoulos>: Okay. Just a follow-up on the mobile piece. Are you winning that business direct with 
the customers? Are you winning it through partners? What's you're I guess ongoing sales strategy for service providers 
to leverage what you've already accomplished there? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, a lot of it's partner driven, some of it. When you 
say direct, I mean, we tend to do touch the customer and touch the sale. So we have a pretty strong direct touch with the 
telco, the service provider market. We have a dedicated service provider team that does that and sometimes we're 
working very closely with the partners. Sometimes the partners there do a lot of the business themselves. 

<Q - Nikos Theodosopoulos>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - John Eldridge, Investor Relations>: Okay, Sarah, this is John Eldridge. We're going to take one more call and 
then we're going to wrap it up. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our last question comes from Brent Bracelin. Please state your company. 

<Q - Brent Bracelin>: Pacific Crest Securities. Thanks for sneaking me in under the wire here. Just a couple of 
questions on the telco SurfRider side, that's been kind of bouncing along the kind of same level on an aggregate basis 
for the last 4, 5 quarters. You had a pretty robust surge this quarter. What drove that and as you look at the pipeline, 
how is the specific telco SurfRider vertical look going into kind of that second half? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Yes. You know as John said on the 
previous caller, across our main verticals, the financial, telco and technology, we've seen that be pretty consistent, all of 
them growing with our overall revenue. I think this quarter, if you go back to our last call, we had commented a little 
bit on bookings and that it was our expectation that we'd see it be stronger this quarter just because of how bookings, 
we saw them. Not bookings, I'm sorry – yes, bookings and backlog rolling out. And we saw that happen. Our overall 
bookings were actually pretty consistent and we're putting focus on it, but we think all areas of our business have 
opportunity to grow. So we're just, we're more focused that way. 

<Q - Brent Bracelin>: Okay. Fair enough. And on the competitive replacement side, you talked about kind of 
multi-million dollar opportunities there. Talking about more – it seems like more competitor replacements than you 
have in the past. Is that largely kind of Foundry opportunities, Nortel, Alteon opportunities, Cisco, kind of ArrowPoint 
opportunities? When you go in and are seeing these large replacements, is it concentrated with one competitor or is it 
across the board? 


<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It is very much across the board. Obviously, some of 
the names you mentioned have bigger market shares than others. And the ones that tend to have the bigger market share 
tend to get the most percentage of replacements, but it's pretty much across the board. 

<Q - Brent Bracelin>: Okay, fair enough. My last question, John, you did in your comments talk about some of the 
newer lower-priced VIPRION products coming to market, some new lower kind of mid-range systems. Is there a part 
of the market that maybe you are not fully addressing today that you plan to have some of these new products go after? 
Or help us understand kind of the logic behind some of the new platforms you will be coming out with later this year. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, and really we will talk about that in a lot of 
detail in the Analyst Investor Day. We haven't – I don't think we've given the date yet, but it's going to be in November, 
I think is where we're planning that and we'll go through the roadmap in a lot of detail. But fundamentally these new 
products make it much more competitive than we've been before and we're very competitive right now. So we continue 
technology leadership. The very fact of their architecture means that the ability to run more and more modules, so add 
more and more solutions to the solution. 

In terms of where we don't – where we are not focused, I mean obviously we don't do much business in the small and 
medium business. They're not really focused in that. So it's not an extension there. We do think we've got an 
opportunity with virtual version there and obviously with the cloud opportunities as well. But it's really about just 
pushing that technology, pushing a new architecture, having a barrier to entry now that the competitors just can't match. 
It's that. 

<Q - Brent Bracelin>: Okay, fair enough. So it sounds like you are trying to maybe potentially expand the addressable 
market, but it's not like this is going to be a move down market? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: That's correct. 

<Q - Brent Bracelin>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

John Eldridge, Investor Relations 

Okay, thank you again for joining us for our third quarter conference call. We look forward to talking with all of you 
throughout the coming quarter. 

Operator 

That does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for participating. You may disconnect at this time. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


