Q4 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• John Eldridge, Investor Relations 
• Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer 
• John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Dan Matte 
• Mark Anderson 
• Karl Triebes 
Other Participants 

• Mark Sue 
• Ittai Kidron 
• Brian Marshall 
• Troy Jensen 
• Brian White 
• Jason Ader 
• Ryan Hutchinson 
• Alex Henderson 
• Jeff Kvaal 
• Min Park 
• Richard Sherman 
• Jess Lubert 
• Bill Choi 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon and welcome to the F5 Fourth Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all parties will 
be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion. Also, today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has 
any objections, please disconnect at this time. 

I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin. 

John Eldridge, Investor Relations 

Thank you, Mary. Welcome all of you to our conference call for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2009. The speakers 
on today's call are John McAdam, President and CEO; and Andy Reinland, Senior VP and Chief Finance Officer. 

Other members of our executive team are also with us to answer questions following our prepared comments. If you 
have any follow-up questions after the call, please direct them to me at 206-272-6571. 

A copy of today's press release is available on our website. In addition, you can access an archived version of today's 
live webcast from the Events Calendar page of our website through January 20. From 4:30 PM today until five o'clock 
Pacific Time October 22, you can also listen to a telephone replay at 866-418-8383 or 203-369-0753. 


During today's call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements, which include words, such as believe, 
anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our 
actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our 
results are summarized in our quarterly release, and described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no 
duty to update any information presented in this call. 

Before we begin the call, I also want to remind you that we are holding our 2009 Analyst/Investor Meeting in New 
York on November 3. We hope you can join us. If you are planning to attend the meeting and have not registered, you 
can register online www.f5.com/analyst-meeting or call Darlene Henderson at 206-272-6170. 

Now I'll turn the call over to Andy Reinland. 

Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer 

Thank you, John. Q4 was a strong finish to a very challenging year. We saw continued strengthening in our core 
business and solid sequential revenue growth from the prior quarter. We posted record quarterly revenue, achieved a 
non-GAAP operating margin in the low-30s -- GAAP and non-GAAP earnings guidance. We were especially 
encouraged by the broad-based nature of the momentum with all geographies delivering sequential growth and 
exceeding our internal targets. And we were pleased to finish fiscal 2009 with annual revenue of 653 million, up 
slightly from 650 million in fiscal 2008. 

I also want to highlight that during Q4, we won a major contract from a Fortune 50 company. This contract, however, 
did not contribute to our Q4 results. Worth approximately $35 million, this represents the largest single order in the 
company's history. Products purchased under the contract amount to roughly one half of the $35 million and will be 
shipped in stages during fiscal 2010. The services portion of the contract will be added to deferred revenue at the time 
associated product ships and recognize this revenue over five years. 

Following my review of results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2009, I will provide guidance for Q1 and briefly 
discuss our planning assumptions for fiscal 2010. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009, revenue of 175.1 million was 
above our target range of 160 to 164 million, representing an increase of 11% from the prior quarter and just over 2% 
from the fourth quarter a year ago. Book-to-bill was greater than one. 

Q4 product revenue of 108.9 million represented 62% of total revenues. Service revenue of 66.2 million was 38%. 
Revenue from our core application delivery networking business was 162.7 million compared to 147.9 million in Q3 
and represented 93% of total revenue. ARX revenue was 5.4 million, up from 5 million in the prior quarter and 
represented 3% of total revenue. At 7.1 million, FirePass revenue was up from 5.4 million in Q3 and accounted for 4% 
of total revenue. 

By geography, the Americas represented 56% of revenue, EMEA accounted for 22%; APAC, 13%; and Japan 9%. By 
vertical, telco represented 24% of revenue in the quarter. Technology, including large Internet content providers was 
19%, and the financial sector accounted for 15%. 

As expected, Q4 was a strong government quarter, with U.S. Federal at 9% of revenue, and total government, 15%. 

During Q4, we had two greater than 10% distributors, Avnet Technologies, which accounted for 13.8% of revenue, and 
Ingram Micro, which accounted for 10.2%. Continuing down the income statement, gross margin in Q4 was 79.2%. 
This includes 1.5 million of stock-based compensation. Excluding stock-based compensation, non-GAAP gross margin 
was 80%. 

Operating expenses were 98.5 million, including 13.9 million of stock-based compensation. GAAP operating margin 
was 22.9%. Excluding stock-based compensation, our non-GAAP operating margins was 31.7%. Our effective tax rate 
for the quarter was 32.2%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 29.9%. GAAP net income for the quarter was 28.4 
million or $0.36 per diluted share, above our guided range of $0.26 to $0.28. 


Non-GAAP net income was 40 million or $0.50 per diluted share, also above our guided range of $0.40 to $0.42. For 
the full year, as previously mentioned, fiscal 2009 revenue was 653 million, up slightly from 650 million in fiscal 2008. 
Product revenue of 406.5 million was 62% of total revenue and service revenue of 246.6 million was 38%. GAAP net 
income for fiscal 2009 was 91.5 million or $1.14 per diluted share. Non-GAAP net income was 134.6 million or $1.68 
per diluted share. 

Turning to the balance sheet. In Q4, we generated 58.6 million in cash flow from operations, which contributed to cash 
and investments totaling 574.4 million at year end. 

In fiscal 2009, cash flow from operations totaled $202 million. DSO was 55 days. Inventory at the end of the quarter 
was 13.8 million. Deferred revenue increased 8% sequentially to 183.1 million. Capital expenditures for the fourth 
quarter were 3.4 million and depreciation and amortization expense was 6 million. 

During the quarter, we added just over 40 employees, ending the year with approximately 1,645 full-time employees. 
This compares to 1,695 employees at the end of fiscal 2008. In Q4, we repurchased 666,000 shares of our common 
stock for 24.1 million. For all of fiscal 2009, we repurchased 3.3 million shares. Of the 200 million authorized by the 
Board for repurchase last October, approximately 113 million remains. 

Moving on to the Q1 outlook. During the past two quarters, we have experienced steady improvement in our core 
business. Our pipeline has continued to strengthen and close rates have improved. While continuing to be cautious, we 
have taken these improvements into account as we develop the following guidance. We are targeting revenue in a range 
of 182 to 187 million. This guidance assumes book-to-bill equal to one. 

We expect overall gross margins of 78 to 79%, including approximately 1.5 million of stock-based compensation 
expense. Our operating expense targets are 105 million to 109 million, including approximately 15.5 million in 
stock-comp expense. 

Our effective tax rate for the quarter is expected to be 37.5%. Excluding stock-based compensation, our non-GAAP 
effective tax rate is expected to be 34%. Our Q1 GAAP earnings target is $0.31 to $0.33 per share. Our non-GAAP 
earnings target is $0.47 to $0.49 per share. We expect to maintain our DSO in the mid-50 day range. 

We anticipate inventories in the range of 14 to 16 million. We are targeting an increased head count of 60 to 80 
employees and we believe we will generate cash flow from operations in excess of $60 million. 

Now, here are some general comments and guidelines related to our expectations for fiscal 2010. With the economy in 
mind, we believe it is prudent to remain somewhat cautious as we evaluate our growth prospects for the upcoming year. 
Nevertheless, on the strength of our recent results, we feel confident of our opportunities for fiscal 2010, which John 
will discuss further in his comments. 

As to revenue, we believe with the possible exception of Q2, which is our seasonally weakest quarter, we can grow 
revenue sequentially throughout the year. We expect to see gross margins in a range of 78 to 80%. We are targeting 
non-GAAP operating margins at or around 30%. We expect stock-based compensation expense to approximate Q1 
levels until our next annual grant in August. Capital expenditures are expected to be 4 to 6 million per quarter and we 
expect our effective tax rate to average approximately 37.5% on a GAAP basis and 34% on a non-GAAP basis. 

With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam. 

John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Andy and good afternoon everyone. I will take a few minutes to cover F5's performance in fiscal 2009, talk in 
more detail about the Q4 results and then comment on our outlook and the opportunities we see going into fiscal 2010. 
Fiscal 2009 was clearly a challenging year, given the problems in the global economy. In the first half of fiscal 2009, 
we saw IT organizations moving quickly to reduce IT spending budgets to lay [ph] projects and slowdown in data 
center builds. As we moved into the second half of the fiscal year, we started to see some improvement on stabilization 
and spending patterns combined with a more predictable forecasting environment and higher deal close rates. We 


continue to see this improvement in spending patterns in Q4 and I will talk about that in a moment. 

In spite of the challenging conditions in fiscal 2009, we made significant progress and the F5 team should be proud of 
our performance and achievements. We moved quickly in January [ph] to reduce our operating expense run rate to 
align with the new business conditions and to ensure that we continue to deliver profitability at world-class operating 
margin levels. We introduced an array of best-of-breed products throughout the year and completed a refresh of our 
entire product line, as well as delivering the most significant upgrade to our team also -- 2004 with TMOS version 10. 
We gained market share in our core ADC business, and grew our ARX file virtualization sequentially each quarter 
throughout the year. 

We ended fiscal 2009 with a stable balance sheet with approximately 570 million cash in investments, having 
repurchased approximately 87 million of common stock over the course of fiscal 2009. When I reflect back on our 
fiscal 2009 achievements, I am most pleased with our performance in Q4. From a geographic perspective, the star of 
the quarter was North America, especially when you include the large multi-million dollar project win, which was our 
largest ever single order. 

As Andy mentioned, we start to ship products for this project in this coming quarter. Having said that, the success in 
Q4 was very broad-based, with all major geographic regions exceeding our internal targets and delivering sequential 
revenue growth. It was also very encouraging to see sequential revenue growth in our core ADC business and we 
expect that to continue in Q1. 

Cash flow from operations above 58 million, and non-GAAP operating margins just below 32% also exceeded our 
internal targets. We also saw solid results with our remote access FirePass products, as well as continued sequential 
growth with the ARX products. Our services business delivered yet another solid quarter, completing a tremendous 
year. Deferred revenue continues to grow to record levels, and the customer satisfaction metrics remain world-class. 

We enter fiscal 2010 in a very strong competitive position. As I mentioned earlier, we completely refreshed our product 
line during the last year, and the new products have been very well accepted in the marketplace. The adoption of 
TMOS version 10 is progressing well and should prove to be a significant business driver this coming year. 

Our average order size is increasing, driven by VIPRION and other high-end ADC and ARX products. I'm very excited 
about our product roadmap, and I'm confident we will expand and enhance our technology leadership position across 
our entire product portfolio in 2010. We will present this product roadmap in detail at our upcoming Analyst/Investor 
Meeting in early November. So I will not go into any more detail here. 

As far as the outlook is concerned, Andy provided our projected revenue range for Q1, as well as some of our 
high-level expectations for the fiscal year. Obviously, given the experience of last year and the remaining uncertainty 
over the global economic recovery, I believe this is appropriate to remain cautious as we move forward. That being 
said, I'm very excited about the future of F5 as we enter fiscal 2010. Our competitive win rates are extremely high and 
the pipeline of business is very strong. 

I believe our products are right in the sweet spot of current and future data enter architecture trends. F5 products 
occupy a very strategic control point in the data center as organizations drive to reduce costs by consolidating data 
centers and using virtualization technologies. 

I'd like to take this opportunity to thank the entire F5 team, and our partners for their efforts in 2009 and I look forward 
to the continued support in 2010. 

With that, we'll now pass the call over for Q&A. 

Q&A 

Operator 


Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes 
from Mark Sue with RBC Capital Markets. Sir, your line is open. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Thank you. John, the re-acceleration in product revenues, any thoughts if you can kind of parse that 
with recognizing its broad based on the stimulation from the TMOS version 10 or is there a particular vertical such as 
Telco that's really catching up, any more granular thoughts there would be great? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. I mean it really was broad-based. So Version 
10 definitely a factor. It will become more of a factor as we get through this year. So not as significant, but it will 
become significant. The sample vertical with mobile data and VIPRION is definitely a great opportunity, and then the 
product refresh as well. We've just been seeing a difference in spending patterns as well globally. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Got it. And Andy, 187 million that's the highest revenue base in the company's history. Do you feel 
you are adding enough head count behind this revenue growth, and that 30% operating margins is something steady 
that we can expect throughout 2010? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Well, as I said in my comments, at or 
around 30% is kind of as we see it today. And yeah I do believe with adding 60 to 80 heads this quarter, obviously, we 
talk a lot about, we constantly watch our revenue on a very granular basis, and if the opportunity presents itself, we'll 
up that accordingly. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: That's helpful. Thank you, gentleman and good luck. 

Operator 

And our question comes from Ittai with Oppenheimer. Sir, your line is open. 

<Q - Ittai Kidron>: Thank you and guys congratulations on a phenomenal quarter. John and Andy, I have two 
questions that are kind of really lumped together. Can you tell of the demand that you're seeing right now. How much 
of it is real -- real normalized demand as you call it versus catch-up in spending, people that haven't invested in last 
two, three quarters, they need to spend those dollars before they lose them. And so because I'd like to really get a much 
better feel as to how much of this is really recurring normalized versus possibly, hopefully not, but possibly going away 
within a quarter or two once you are fully normalized. 

And second, Andy, with regards to your March comments, with respect with the exception of this last year, the history 
shows your March [ph] is actually up sequentially and never down. Why should we believe the down March this time 
around? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I'll start and I'll answer Andy's question as well. 
[indiscernible] Typically in March, we've seen book-to-bill less than one, not that has been historical the case a few 
years, which obviously has helped the sequential growth. So that -- we -- from a booking perspective, we have seen it -somewhat 
we've seen seasonality there in the margin and we wouldn't expect that to change. So I think that's the 
comment. We didn't say we'd be down, we said possibly. That's the other comment on that. 

Regarding the first question, because this is a very good question, we've looked to that law how much suppressed 
demand was there in over the last two or three quarters, or maybe in some of that, but we don't think it was a big factor, 
which is obviously away with our guidance. We're guiding for continual sequential growth and specifically because of 
the large project, Andy also indicated that we could not assume the book-to-bill ratio of one. So clearly, we think the 
environment is still going to be good. Now, I'm going to caveat all that with the fact that clearly the economic situation 
is still tenuous. So with reserves array, if there is a major change in the economy, then things could change though. 
Where we sit today, we actually feel pretty positive about the momentum. 

<Q - Ittai Kidron>: Very good. Good luck. 


Operator 

And our next question comes from Brian Marshall with Broadpoint AmTech. 

<Q - Brian Marshall>: Hi, thanks. Guys, I was wondering how much inherent leverage is built up in the ARX line. It 
looks like that grew -- that business grew roughly 51% year-over-year. Can you comment on the type of growth that 
you see over the next couple of quarters? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, we'll not give -- we don't comment specifically 
by a product on the gross projection, but having said that, one of the major goals we have this year is to get reasonably 
material growth and I'm not going to [indiscernible] we say that is within ARX. We're investing in it. So Mark 
Anderson's team is recruiting us, we speak for more stories based overlay salespeople and presales. We will be -- we 
will be increasing services as the base through is, and we're also investing in development as well. So we see it as a 
very important goal this year. 

<Q - Brian Marshall>: Safe to assume as a percentage of total sales, if that will continue to be increasing? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It's -- the percentage growth definitely has more 
opportunity because it's a lot small number -- about ADC business, but probably yes, if we execute appropriately. 

<Q - Brian Marshall>: Okay. And final question with regards to the financial services sector. It looks like that 
obviously it was down about 21% sequentially. I was wondering if you could comment on did some of your larger 
customers go away or is it just that spending kind of slowdown across broad-based and would you expect that to 
rebound here? Thanks. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, it's interesting. Last year, it was down as well, 
interestingly, I don't know if that's the trend or not, but nothing significant and we would definitely expect it to be up in 
the December quarter. 

<Q - Brian Marshall>: Great. Thanks guys. 

Operator 

And your next question comes from Troy Jensen with Piper Jaffray. 

<Q - Troy Jensen>: Hey, congrats on a great quarter guys. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Thanks, Troy. 

<Q - Troy Jensen>: Hey, so can we spend a little time on this big deal that you announced, 35 million or something 
half of this product. Just for a sense of magnitude, prior to this deal, what was your previous largest deal? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: I don't know of the top of my head what it 
was, but it was less than 10, less than 10. Just on that subject, I think it's important to get this. If you look at the last 
four years and you look at within that fiscal year, we've had several kinds where customers have given this double-digit 
product revenue within that year. In fact last year, with several customers where we had double-digit revenue, not in 
one order, not in one order like this, but double-digit revenue. So we don't think it's -- yeah, we think it's private normal 
business and which obviously are pretty high one. 

<Q - Troy Jensen>: So to John is there -- and was there something abnormal about this deal or is there other 
opportunities like this out there for F5? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. It was a big consolidation. So from that 
perspective, if you see big consolidations, we'd see another opportunity. The last time we're going to read you what is 


that, we've got a legion of deals that cite out that, it's not like that, but we have -- as I said in my introduction, the deal 
and project size is increasing. So it wasn't the only multi-million dollar deal that we got last quarter, and we would 
expect to see some over the course of the year. 

<Q - Troy Jensen>: And the last one is, was it in the financial services vertical? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. It was, yeah. 

<Q - Troy Jensen>: Worthy guys. Also congratulations to Andy on the worth of your new dairy [ph]. 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Well, thank you very much Troy. 

<Q - Troy Jensen>: Keep up the good work guys. 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: All right. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Brian White with Ticonderoga. Your line is open sir. 

<Q - Brian White>: Yes. If we could look in at 2010, you gave us some color on margins and sales, could we expect 
the product to revenue to outperform the service revenue in 2010? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Well, definitely our goal to reaccelerate 
the product revenue -- specifically [ph] having lifted the comparative images I have in, but I think we'll drive product 
revenue and then we'll see service [indiscernible] with it. 

<A>: Yeah, the goal -- one of the -- I mentioned about ARX as one of the key goals for this year. A top financial goal 
is revenue growth. We feel really good about the management of the operating margins and the earnings. We feel good 
about the product gross margins and the service gross margins and we feel good about the service business. But the 
over reaching goal is revenue growth and there our goal is to get market share at ADC, material growth, I mentioned at 
ARX and sequential growth in services. 

<Q - Brian White>: Okay. And John, maybe just give us a little color on, the customer mood has definitely changed in 
the last few months. You talk to a lot of customers around the world, maybe just give us a color on what your 
customers are saying right now. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, and I mentioned this in one or two of the 
conferences we attended during the quarter that when we've been talking to some of the Fortune 50 customers for 
example, you could definitely see a scenario changing where they were saying, we don't have plans to restart our data 
center builds, our staffing of data center builds, definitely it was more optimism. But again as I said, when I was 
describing that, I think the other side of the coin is that if things turn bad in the economy, customers are very, very good 
now closing the [indiscernible] really quickly. So you have to balance the two things. 

<Q - Brian White>: Okay. Great job. Thank you. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from Jason Ader with William Blair. 

<Q - Jason Ader>: Thank you. I have two questions. First, 9% of revenue from Federal. Is that a record? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: I don't believe it is, Jason. I think we've 
done 10%. Obviously, record in terms of absolute dollars given the high revenue for the quarter. 

<Q - Jason Ader>: But as a percentage, it's not the highest you've ever done? 


<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: No. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No. 

<Q - Jason Ader>: And then, second question. If you look at some of the market researchers like Gartner and IDC, 
they seem to be forecasting 10% type growth for the space over the next three years, five years. Is that -- I mean, it 
seems somewhat muted certainly relative to the history of the space and relative to your revenue growth until recently. 
I'm guessing you don't agree with that type of forecast. But what do you think they're missing and what do you think 
the real growth rate of the application delivery controller space is? 

<A - Dan Matte>: Jason, this is Dan. I think one of the things that drill down on is, say within a forecast like Gartner 
for example in the ADC space, they have several different categories of products and when you look at the advanced 
application delivery controller segment, that one is actually a -- 2010, they're at the same [ph] 4% annual growth, and 
then it goes to 29% the next year and then 20% after that. We can debate over the timing of those numbers, but I think 
the trend that's important to pull out of there is that the advanced ADC thing is growing way faster than other segments 
of the ADC business. And that I certainly conquer with. 

In terms of the other, all the analysts in general, I think one of the challenges they run into is that the forecasts are done 
largely by looking in the rearview mirror, and one of the things that we struggle with them is explaining all the new 
spaces where our products step in the new solutions that we can drive, and that's very difficult for them to model. 

<A - Mark Anderson>: Yeah. And if we look -- we look at the market slightly differently as well, and if you look at 
our customer base, I think we're in the sort of 55 plus percent range in the Fortune 500 that means we're not -- about 
45% of the Fortune 500 was an opportunity. I mentioned a multi-million dollar account, they're still a relatively small 
number of accounts to do there. The mobiles, their data growth and telco is clearly going to be a big driver for us. 
Internet companies, social networking areas like that, data center consolidation, the Microsoft and a lot of 
[indiscernible]. We feel pretty good about market opportunity. 

<Q>: Okay. And then the final thing is, you guys had the question before about catch-up spending versus real 
normalized business. John, you've been in the business a while, and you've seen a lot of talk or heard a lot of talk about 
data centers and consolidation and so forth. I mean there is a feel like where at the customer is at an inflection point 
here where there is just a number of things coming together, obviously assuming the economy is healthy, but there is a 
feel like what kind of, we are at that cost right now? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I wouldn't presume to know that to be perfectly frank 
with you. I think we've seem to be a reasonable [indiscernible] I wouldn't presume to know that. I think we need some 
more quarters before we start calling that. I'm talking about the general market, not our business. When we look at our 
business, we look at the pipeline, we look at where we feel competitive and we feel great about that, but to make a 
brooder statement, I think it wouldn't be wise right now. 

<Q>: Fair enough. Thank you. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from Ryan Hutchinson with Lazard. 

<Q - Ryan Hutchinson>: Good afternoon guys. Just on the guidance front, has your methodology changed on in terms 
of the close rate assumptions, I know you touched on it, a little bit in the prepared remarks, but I just want a little more 
color there? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. In my comments, I talked about strengthening 
pipeline, improving close rates, we've necessarily taken to the new close rate level by any means because we still are 


keeping the overall, certainty around the economy in mind and -- but we did take them up. 

<Q>: Okay. And then as it relates to one of your competitors out there on the storage front, and their new relationship 
with Dell, did that change any of the dynamics in terms of your channel? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: No, we haven't seen -- we've -- our 
business with Dell was very strong last quarter and we expect that to continue. 

<Q>: Okay, great. And then finally on the taxes, I know you gave it for next quarter, but in terms of the full-year on 
both non-GAAP and adjusted basis as well? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Yes, so GAAP is 37.5% and 34% for 
non-GAAP. 

<Q>: For the full-year? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Yeah, it's worth noting just -- that 
obviously assumes the R&D tax credit when that comes up, but it doesn't get approved. Every year there is kind of this 
give and take on whether or not they're going to approve that. They've approved it 13 years in a row, albeit late usually. 
So that will affect the rate if that happens to be voted in again by Congress. 

<Q>: Perfect. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

And our next question is from Alex Henderson with Miller Tabak. 
<Q - Alex Henderson>: Hey guys, how are you doing? 
<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Good, good. 
<Q - Alex Henderson>: I bet you [indiscernible] numbers. Hey, I missed the guidance on the full-year operating 


expense line for -- that you gave the non -- the GAAP number and then you said 15.5 [indiscernible] stock comp on, I 
just missed the operating expense lines? 
<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Are you saying for the year or the quarter? 


<Q - Alex Henderson>: Sorry, for the quarter. 
<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: For the quarter, our operating expense 
targets is 105 million to 109 million and that includes the 15.5. 


<Q - Alex Henderson>: 105 to 109? 
<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Yep. 
<Q - Alex Henderson>: Okay, thanks. So clearly you had an extremely robust quarter, up 10% sequentially. The 


obvious question here is, is this a function of share gains or is this a indication of strength? I was wondering if you 
could just talk to a couple of the metrics there relative to what kind of win rates were you seeing relative to competitive 
bids, any change in that that would be an indication of an acceleration in share pick up or anything of that help? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, it's hard to say. I mean, our win rate was 
extremely high, but the share gains would be -- yeah, I think that's -- we need to wait to see the other results, et cetera. 
Win rates are really high. Mark, do you want to comment on that? 

<A - Mark Anderson>: Yeah, I mean against our traditional competitors, our win rates actually went up last quarter. 
And we've said in the past, it being in the low 90s. So -- our competitive position, and there is no limitation there for us. 


<Q>: Could you talk a little bit about the linearity in the quarter. Our fuel check [ph] had shown that most of the bars 
were hitting their numbers for the full quarter, by the second week of September, which obviously is pretty stand [ph] 
robust and up sequentially from July to August, which is unusual. Is that consistent with what you're hearing? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Our linearity actually, if we set aside the 
large deals that I talked about was very normal for us, really that 50% in the third month kind of a quarter. 

<Q>: And looking at the conditions this year, looking out into the upcoming quarter, you obviously saw better close 
rates and faster close rates there. Are you expecting the faster transaction closure rate in the upcoming quarter? I know 
you said that you're not assuming the same level of closure rates as you had here in the most recent quarter, although 
it's somewhat up. What about the length of time required to do it? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: I don't think that will change much either. 
I mean we are assuming slightly lower close rates than last quarter, but higher than the ones we used for last quarter. So 
slightly lower, but in terms of the actual time, I don't think there will be more changes. I mean there may be, but it's -there 
is no reason for us to think of [indiscernible]. 

<Q>: Great. I'll [indiscernible], thanks. 

Operator 

And the next question comes from Jeff Kvaal with Barclays. Your line is open. 

<Q - Jeff Kvaal>: Yes, thanks very much. My first question, Andy, is for you. What do you mean by assuming 
book-to-bill is equal to or greater than one for the guidance for December? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Yeah, I said it. It assumes equal to one. So 
essentially we're assuming that will book as much business that translates to what we bill or becomes revenue. Right, so 
essentially it doesn't count on bringing down backlog in order to achieve the number. 

<Q - Jeff Kvaal>: Okay, all right. And then if book-to-bill is better than one then you'd build backlog for the 
potentially seasonally down or not seasonally down March quarter? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Yes. 

<Q - Jeff Kvaal>: Okay. All right. That makes sense. And then, secondly I was wondering the services, gross margins 
obviously have been very robust and picked up 500 basis points or whatever over the past year. Do you think that that 
is a sustainable level for them or should we expect a degradation? 

<A>: This is Julian [ph], we're looking at both continued revenue growth and keeping the gross margins at that level. 
We really monitor the delivery statistics and customer satisfaction -- plus in terms of cost and we're managing to stay in 
the right place and investing at the same time. 

<Q>: Okay. Fantastic. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Min Park with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 

<Q - Min Park>: Great, thank you. Just a couple of quick questions please. First, could you just give us a sense of how 
much of the pickup in revenue stems from new customer ads versus increasing penetration of existing accounts? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Yeah. Actually if you break down by 
percentage for the quarter, business broke down from existing customers about 63% and new business was 37. 

<Q - Min Park>: Okay. And how that changed quarter-to-quarter? 


<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: It's a little bit late in new businesses, it's 
pretty close to the norm, no significant change. 

<Q - Min Park>: Okay. And then also could you just give us a sense -- give us an update on the pricing environment, 
and I know last quarter, you mentioned you've lost the deals to the aggressive pricing from some of your competitors, 
did you see that again this quarter? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. Actually pricing just again really wasn't an 
issue for us, and I think you see that reflected in the gross margin. Where we did see it frankly was in very small, very 
low end, low balancing type deals that we actually weren't really that aggressive after. For our -- the bulk of our deals, 
no pricing issues at all. 

<Q - Min Park>: Okay. Great. And then just lastly, I was just wondering if you can give us your thoughts on, if you 
saw any difference in the pickup of demand from your various customer segments, whether service provider, Internet 
providers or the enterprise customers, did any of them [indiscernible] any back better in this quarter than the others? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Well I mean as we said earlier, the finance 
was a little bit down, but we don't think that's meaningful and we think it's going to be out this quarter. Obviously 
Federal was good, because it was the year end. But generally no big changes. 

<Q - Min Park>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Richard Sherman with MKM Partners. Your line is open. 

<Q - Richard Sherman>: Yeah. Hi, good afternoon guys. A couple of questions here, first on the growth rate on 
Acopia, you're talking about continuing growth at Acopia as a key strategic priority in fiscal year '10. Can you may be 
first talk about maybe the expansion of the reseller count or how many resellers you now have on fully trained upon 
Acopia, and kind of what are the -- what's the growth rate you're looking for, are we talking it doubling from the 
quarterly run rate we've seen in the last couple of quarters? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Yeah. I mean first of all on Acopia, ARX 
products as we call it. The reseller channel with a bunch of resellers that some of them sell [indiscernible], some of 
them sell EMC, some of them also sell the F5 cool products. And we've obviously been working with some of the 
largest system space companies, the [indiscernible] companies that sales through as well or not, it's a bigger 
opportunity. We're still doing good partnering, it's not the resale with data domain as well. So we see that as important. 
But having said all that, right now that -- the reason we're adding overlay salespeople as we are touching most of the 
ARX wins. And I think that continues in the short-term. And then we're going to spend a lot of focus with companies 
like the server vendors. 

<Q>: Got you. And John, about how -- could you give us an idea of how big that direct touch sales team now is for 
ARX? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It's pretty small. I mean it's -


<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: It's about 30 people. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Did you get that? 

<Q>: 30 people? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. 

<Q>: Okay, very good. 


<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I purposely added to that. 

<Q>: Okay. And then maybe in terms of the core platform, BIG-IP, do you envision an opportunity here to bring more 
third-party security software on board that platform as a way of -- you talked about you being a control point out there 
in the data center. Do you think that you're going to be a platform on which third-party software vendors will look to 
port their products particularly on the security side and what's the implications could we see for the gross margin line? 

<A - Karl Triebes>: Yeah hi, this is Karl today. We're always looking at that, looking how we can partner with them 
in that area. We did release a couple of years ago our ASM [ph] model to -- partnering with the new companies. We're 
looking at a number of different ways we can do that with our ASM margin today. So I expect that to continue and I 
have talked in the past about being able to host third-party applications, and that's still kind of a long-term goal down 
the roadmap. But for now it's really focusing on partnerships and using iControl and iRules to help cement products 
together. 

<Q>: All right. Great. Thanks, Karl. 

Operator 

Jess Lubert with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open. 

<Q - Jess Lubert>: Good afternoon guys, great quarter. Couple of questions if I may. First just in respect to the large 
deal, can you give us a sense of the products suite the customer is buying, is it VIPRIAON, ARX or is it more of a 
complete mix, any help you can give there? 

<A - Mark Anderson>: Certainly, and this is Mark Anderson. Yes so, it was mostly 8,900s running version 10 that we 
did consolidating about 700 boxes down to just over 300 boxes in a way that provided a pretty compelling ROI to the 
customer. And it's clearly something that was compelling enough to make the move. Andy, any more detail on that? 

<A>: Yeah, we also consolidated some competitor boxes as well. 

<A - Mark Anderson>: Yeah, it was. 

<A>: Yeah. 

<Q - Jess Lubert>: Okay. And then moving on to the service business, is growth going to be more closely tied to 
product sales or do you feel that you still have opportunities to upgrade the base to premium and premium plus service 
contracts? 

<A>: It's always got an relationship with product sales, so that's certainly one element to it. At the same time, we are 
expanding our services when operate, our client services that their purchasing, and we're looking at some geographic 
expansions both in terms of renewal business, and service that we offer. 

<Q>: Is it fair to say that services grew sequentially throughout fiscal '10? 

<A - John Eldridge, Investor Relations>: This is John. I will answer that that is definitely the goal. [indiscernible] is 
finally asking, and that's the goal. 

<Q>: Okay, and then could you touch on the level of business you saw from HP this quarter, and perhaps give us a 
sense of whether or not CISCO used their effort and push customers and business your way, and perhaps positively 
influential sales? 

<A - John Eldridge, Investor Relations>: Yeah. I mean, I think the general [ph] has been great for us. No question 
about it. I mean, we wouldn't go into specific details of the partner business. We've done a lot -- we've always done a 
lot with CDS, and we continue to do business with them. HP the key partner, as our Dell and as our IBM actually. And 
obviously with a competitive nature against CISCO that definitely helps us. 


<Q>: And just one classification, before I see the floor. Did you say that book-to-bill was greater than one excluding 
the big detail? 
<A - John Eldridge, Investor Relations>: No. We didn't say that. 
<Q>: Okay. Thanks. 
<A - John Eldridge, Investor Relations>: Excuse me. We didn't take any revenue on the big deal. 


Operator 

Brian Freed with Morgan Keegan. Your line is open. 

<A - John Eldridge, Investor Relations>: Non-GAAP operating cash flows were $898 million, an increase of 27% 
from the same period. 

Operator 

Brian Freed your line is open. 
<A - John Eldridge, Investor Relations>: For the same time free cash flow is increased. 


Operator 

Jess Lubert with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open, sir. 
<Q - Jess Lubert>: Hi guys. Can you hear me. 
<A>: Ayah. We can yeah -<
Q - Jess Lubert>: I just want to go back to our large dealers systems integrator involved. 
<A>: Yes, I mean. We are it's like, and in any large deal yes we don't talk about the customer name, we're not going to 


talk with the partner either, but yes it is a short answer. 
<Q - Jess Lubert>: Okay. Thank you. And then couple other questions. The -- I think you guys brought back 
[indiscernible] couple of quarters ago, he changed some [ph] structure for [ph] partners and I was wondering if that 


compensation changed has driven those top tier partners to contribute a little bit more or is there any way to measure or 
I'm sure you guys are doing that internally, but is that helping. 
<A - John Eldridge, Investor Relations>: Yes, that has been helping pretty significantly. I'd been as rejoined again. I 


think it was more than a 
couple of quarters and over. 
<A>: Yeah. You actually took over a worldwide role couple of quarters ago. 
<A>: Right. So yeah. Definitely I'm sure you're listening to the call. You're doing a great job. 
<Q>: Okay. John, you mentioned last quarter there were some deals with [indiscernible], thinking back it was the U.K., 


I think you mentioned, were you able to capture some of those deals and maybe you can just add a little bit of color on 


what's happening in Europe? 
<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, you're absolutely correct and that's what we 
said last quarter. I don't know if UNO market, whether there were some slip deals that were closed or not to be honest. 



<A>: Yeah, I mean I think some of them were and some of them continue to push. I mean generally EMEA had a very 
strong quarter. 

<A>: Yeah EMEA, we were very happy with EMEA, it's usually seasonally weak and it had the results we had with 
excellence. But specifically, I can't comment on the deals. 

<Q>: Okay. Thanks. That's it. 

Operator 

Bill Choi with Jefferies. Your line is open. 

<Q - Bill Choi>: Okay, thanks. Just a couple of additional questions on the big deal. What are you anticipating to the 
roll out schedule over the fiscal 2010 that can be front-end loaded, back half on the product side? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I mean first of all, this I think is customer driven and 
obviously it can change. So we don't want to make any statements. We're pretty confident we're going to the shipping 
this coming quarter, and then we'll just leave it to that. 

<Q - Bill Choi>: Okay. And when you talked about your deal sizes increasing overall besides these big singular deals, 
I think it was around 150,000 to be a past average number, can you give us an update as to what that number is now? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Yeah, you know what, Bill, we actually 
have changed how we track that metric just because what we've always historically done is accumulated individual 
orders if we sell, that was tied to one big deal and so we've changed that metric to our average order size. And then 
we've kind of gotten away from that 150,000. On an average order basis, we're seeing it over the last four quarters it's 
definitely trended up, but the number is closer to like 67,000 on an order basis. 

<Q - Bill Choi>: Okay. Just talking about big area of potential spend, cloud continuing is certainly a big topic and 
some of these cloud providers are quite opaque about the product, the actual hardware they use. But they are talking 
increasingly about load balancing services in [indiscernible]. Can you just share your thoughts about your uptake in 
these kinds of cloud providers and what your position might be in these new build outs? 

<A>: Yeah, so we view the cloud trend is something that's very, very positive for us. If you go and look at say, for 
example Gartner's [indiscernible] for cloud providers, you'd find nine out of 10 of the providers there are building close 
out using F5 products. So we're very pleased with that, we also think that surprise and as they're adopting tools like 
VMWare, as John said, we're at a strategic control point in the data center, and we think we're very, very well 
positioned to help people move workloads around not only within their own data centers, but also out to third-parties 
alternately. And -- so we think those two trends tie together and we're at the point that helps out -


<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We're going to talk a lot about that, by the way that 
subject [indiscernible] at the Analyst Investor Meeting. 

<Q>: Yeah. 

<A - John Eldridge, Investor Relations>: Okay. Thank you. We're going to cut that off there. I thank you all for 
joining us, and we hope you can all join us for the Analyst Meeting in New York on November 3. 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 


This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


