Q1 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations 
• Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Dan Matte 
Other Participants 

• Jess Lubert 
• Mark Sue 
• Troy Jensen 
• Paul Silverstein 
• Brian White 
• Nikos Theodosopoulos 
• Brian Marshall 
• Ittai Kidron 
• Jason Ader 
• Simona Jankowski 
• Brian Modoff 
• Rod Hall 
• Tal Liani 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon, and welcome to the F5 first quarter financial results conference call. At this time, all parties will be on 
listen only until the question and answer portion. Also today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has any 
objection, please disconnect at this time. 

I would now like turn the call over to John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin. 

John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations 

Thank you, Brian, and welcome all of you to our conference call for the first quarter of fiscal 2011. 

The speakers on today's call are John McAdam, our President and CEO and Andy Reinland, Senior VP and Chief 
Finance Officer. Other members of our exec team are also with us to answer questions following their prepared 
comments. 

If you have questions following today's call, please direct them to me, at 206-272-6571. 

If you don't have a copy of today's press release, you can access one at our website F5.com. 

In addition, you can access an archived version of today's live webcast from the events calendar page of our website, 
through April 20. From 4:30 PM today until midnight Pacific Time, January 20th. You can also listen to a telephone 


replay at 800-934-9421 or 203-369-3391. 

During today's call our discussion will contain forward-looking statements, which include words, such as believe, 
anticipate, expect, and target. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our 
actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our 
results are summarized in our quarterly release, described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty 
to update any information presented in this call. 

With that I'll turn the call over to Andy Reinland. 

Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, John. In the first quarter of fiscal 2011, F5 achieved strong revenue growth and operating results reflecting 
another quarter of solid execution. Revenue of 268.9 million increased 41% year-over-year, and was within our guided 
range of 265 to 270 million. 

GAAP EPS of $0.68 per diluted share was above our guided range of $0.62 to $0.64. Excluding stock-based 
compensation expense, non-GAAP EPS of $0.88 per diluted share was also above our guidance of $0.80 to $0.82. Both 
GAAP and non-GAAP EPS results reflect the benefit of approximately $0.04 related to the reinstatement of the R&D 
tax credit. 

Product revenue of 171.5 million grew 44% year-over-year and represented 64% of total revenue. Service revenue of 

97.4 million, grew 35% year-over-year, and accounted for 36% of total revenue. 
Book-to-bill for the quarter was less than 1. 

By region: the Americas represented 59% of revenue; EMEA accounted for 22%; APAC 13%; and Japan 6%. 

Revenue from our core Application Delivery Networking business was 261.7 million. As a reminder we are now, 
including FirePass product as a component of our ADN revenue results. 

Revenue from our ARX file virtualization products was 7.2 million, essentially flat with the prior quarter, and up 27% 
year-over-year. 

During Q1, the financial vertical accounted for 19% of sales, telco was 21%, and technology was also 21%. Total 
government was 12%, including 7% from U.S. federal. 

In Q1, we had one greater than 10% distributor, Avnet, which represented 18.8% of total revenue. 

Moving down the income statement gross margin in Q1 was 81.8%. Excluding approximately 2.2 million of 
stock-based compensation expense, non-GAAP gross margin was 82.6%. 

GAAP operating expenses of 140.1 million were within our target range of 137 to 141 million. 

Excluding 20.7 million of stock-based compensation expense, non-GAAP operating expenses were 119.4 million. 

GAAP operating margin was 29.7%. Non-GAAP operating margin, which excludes stock-based compensation, was 
38.2%. 

Our GAAP effective tax rate was 32.4%. Excluding stock-based compensation, our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 
31.5%. These rates were lower than our guidance of 36.5 for GAAP, and 35% for non-GAAP, due to the reinstatement 
of the federal R&D tax credit. The Q1 rates reflect both the tax benefits on Q1, as well as the retroactive impact of the 
R&D tax credit applied to quarters 2, 3 and 4 of fiscal 2010. 

On the balance sheet, cash flow from operations was 103.1 million, contributing to total cash and investments of 952.3 
million at quarter-end. 


DSO at the end of Q1 was 48 days. Inventories at quarter-end were 18.2 million. 


Deferred revenue increased 11% sequentially to 287.8 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were 5.5 million, 
and depreciation and amortization expense was 5.3 million. 
We ended the quarter with approximately 2130 employees, an increase of 120 from the prior quarter. 
During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 198,000 shares of our common stock, at an average price of $126.43 


per share, for a total of 25 million. Approximately 213 million remains authorized under the current share repurchase 


programs. 
Looking ahead to Q2, we see our core drivers continuing to generate significant growth opportunity going forward, and 
we anticipate continued momentum in Q2 and through the remainder of the year. 


For the current quarter, we are targeting revenue in the range of 275 to 280 million. 


We expect GAAP gross margin in the 81 to 82% range, including approximately 2 million of stock-based 
compensation expense. 
We anticipate GAAP operating expenses in the range of 142 to 146 million. This includes approximately 20 million of 


stock-based compensation expense. 


Our GAAP EPS target is $0.65 to $0.67 per diluted share. Excluding stock compensation, our non-GAAP EPS target is 
$0.84 to $0.86 per diluted share. 
We are forecasting an effective tax rate of 36%. Excluding stock-based compensation, we expect a non-GAAP 


effective tax rate of 34.5%. 
We plan to increase our head count by more than 125 employees in the current quarter. 
We estimate our DSO will be in the mid-40-day range. 
We expect inventory levels in a range of 17 to 19 million. 
And we believe our cash flow from operations will be in excess of $90 million, which includes the impact of two large 


tax payments due in Q2 per our normal tax payment schedule. 
With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam. 


John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Andy and good afternoon, everyone. 

The F5 team delivered another set of solid results in the first quarter of fiscal 2011. All our major geographic regions 
produced strong year-over-year and quarterly sequential revenue growth. The star of the quarter was the Asia-Pacific 
region, which produced over 60% year-over-year growth. Japan's growth over last year was just under 35%, and the 
Americas growth was over 40%. The EMEA region, which delivered a strong quarter in Q1 last year, was up 29% from 
a year ago. 

Once again, our services business produced stellar results, 35% year-over-year services growth and 9% sequential 
growth, combined with a 36% year-over-year increase to deferred revenue, all point to future services revenue growth 
throughout fiscal 2011. 

As Andy indicated, our overall financial metrics are very strong in Q1. Cash from operations was at an all-time high of 
103 million, and our non-GAAP operating margin was above 38%. 

From a product perspective, our ADC [Application Delivery Controller] business continued to be the main driver of our 
overall growth. We had very strong sales of our flagship VIPRION product line last quarter. Sales of our Application 


Security Module, ASM, were also very solid, as customers around the world focus more attention and resources on 
security at the application level. 

Sales of Edge, our next-generation remote access offering, APM, our optimized Access Policy Management solution, 
and our WAN optimization module continue to generate significant interest from our customer base. We believe this 
interest will translate into significant revenue growth for these exciting solutions throughout the year. 

Q1 revenue from our ARX file virtualization product line was essentially flat over last quarter, and was below our 
internal expectations. Towards the end of last quarter, we had a number of forecasted deals push out into Q2, and we 
expect to see improvement and sequential growth in ARX sales this coming quarter. 

Last quarter, we announced some very important products to supplement the ARX product family. The ARX Cloud 
Extender is an add-on to ARX, and significantly expands our existing file tiering solutions, by allowing customers to 
intelligently tier to the cloud. 

We announced support for the intelligent tiering of files to Amazon S3 cloud services, as well as natively supporting 
Iron Mountain's VFS, and NetApp's StorageGRID solutions. We expect to announce similar support for other major 
cloud storage services throughout the year. 

We are also developing a software-only version of ARX, the ARX Virtual Edition. ARX VE should promote an 
increase in proof-of-concept trials for our ARX products, as well as providing the opportunity to enlist more strategic 
partners for this software-only solution. 

We are also on track to release two new mid-range platforms, the ARX 1500 and the ARX 2500, both of which are 
exceeding our performance expectations. 

Overall, we have made good progress with the product roadmap, and expect to deliver some very significant products 
to market this year. 

We expect to begin beta tests this quarter on our Victoria project. Victoria marks the introduction of VIPRION's chassis 
capabilities into the mid-range of our product line. 

TMOS version 11 is also expected to transition to beta testing, where we will begin to validate in customer 
environments a number of new features, including Virtual Cluster Multiprocessing, VCMP; a new module on the 
visibility of application performance, AVR; a new generation version of our application templates that provide a new 
management tier to scale and manage applications, called IR; as well as a sophisticated range of clustered management 
capabilities. 

These exciting new features will allow F5 customers to implement, manage, optimize, and expand large-scale data 
centers by leveraging cloud-based architectures and virtualization. TMOS version 11 will introduce the virtualizations 
of our ASM, and GTM products. V11 also includes a number of new features targeted at the mobile and service 
provider markets, such as additional support for IPv6 and new service provider oriented iRules. 

In addition, we plan to release next versions of the BIG-IP 1150, and the VIPRION PB 200 blade. 

As far as the outlook is concerned, I feel very optimistic about our business prospect for the remainder of fiscal 2011. 
As we stated at the beginning of the fiscal year, we expect to deliver sequential growth in each quarter of fiscal 2011. 
We enter Q2 with a robust pipeline of future business, which continues to grow and includes a number of multimillion 
dollar opportunities. 

In addition, we have made significant investments in growing our sales team head count, which should produce 
productivity gains as we progress throughout the year. 

The market growth drivers for our business remain very much intact, and include continued increase in storage 
requirements, global data center consolidation projects, growth in mobile data and mobile applications, an increasing 
awareness of the importance and need for applications security, and secured policy-driven accessibility, and the 
evolving opportunity with cloud architecture solutions. 


Also, we are seeing continued growth opportunities associated with virtualization and F5 is increasingly being 
recognized as the de facto ADC solution for virtualization initiatives. 

F5 solutions occupy strategic control points across global data centers, and we are extremely well-positioned to take 
advantage of these market drivers. 

In conclusion, I would like to thank the entire F5 team, our partners and customers, for their support last quarter. And 
with that, we'll now hand the call over for Q&A. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator instructions] First question is from Jess Lubert [Wells Fargo Securities] Thank you, sir, your line is open. 

<Q - Jess Lubert>: Thank you for taking my question. Can you discuss linearity in the quarter and perhaps how 
business unfolded relative to expectations? Were there any areas that surprised you, I guess, either to the upside or 
downside? And specifically, whether or not there was any weakness towards the end of the quarter? I think that would 
be helpful. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, this is John. Yeah, we did see some slight 
differences in linearity. Let me just go through that. In terms of, obviously, surprises, I mean, we did mention that ARX 
was flat, and that was slipped deals that happened toward the end of the quarter, but we do expect those to close and to 
see some sequential growth. 

In terms of the bigger picture with the ADC revenue, we did see some disparity in October, especially in the last week 
of the month of October, which was much lower than normal – than we would normally see. And November and 
December were pretty much on track for what we tended to expect. So, although we saw some deals slip, frankly, it 
wasn't significantly beyond what we would normally expect. But that, beginning of October, you know, the last week 
in October month, we thought we'd catch up maybe with some budget flush, but that didn't happen. 

<Q - Jess Lubert>: And can you maybe provide any insight into what verticals, where you saw some of that business 
starting to slip? It looks like service provider was down sequentially. Were there any specific verticals where you saw it 
or was it more broad-based? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No, more broad-based. The service provider down is 
quite common from a seasonality perspective, given that the networks are closed down for the holiday period. You 
quite often see that. Similarly with federal, you see that down after the September year-end, so not really, no. 

<Q - Jess Lubert>: So it would be right to think that the service provider vertical would increase sequentially next 
quarter and through the remainder of the year? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: That's what we typically see. We don't get through the 
verticals in terms of forecasting, but that's what we typically see. 

<Q - Jess Lubert>: All right, thanks, guys. 

Operator 

Next question from Mark Sue [RBC Capital Markets] Your line is open. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Thank you. John, maybe if you could just give us some further color on what we should read into the 
lack of budget flush, and why there was no pick-up in the business? Do you think it's because a lot of the projects were 
completed earlier on in the year? Was it because a lot of the data centers were already being built, or maybe just 


thoughts, why is this not as important as before when it comes to ADC? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, you know, we saw some – we did see budget 
flush. But it was mixed. But, you know, before we get too defensive here, we have obviously seen the reaction after 
hours of the stock, but before we get too defensive, let's just remind ourselves: we were at the top of our guidance 
range, very much at the top, greater than 40% revenue growth, cash from ops greater than 100 million, operating 
margins greater than 38%, and they're the best – they're record numbers for us. 

But in terms of budget flush, we probably – you know, we probably did expect to see some more, but we did see some. 
So, it wasn't like it was completely minimal. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Okay, but from your comments, it was a weak finish to October. You had your analyst day in 
mid-November. You had some, but not enough. Is that how we should read it? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, exactly. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: So with a book-to-bill less than 1, doesn't it seem like a stretch to grow revenue sequentially 275 to 
280 million? You have seasonality to contend with. Are you just kind of sticking it out there because that's what you 
said at your analyst day or do you feel that you can actually do 


<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Absolutely not. I mean, we use the same tried and 
tested methodology for the forecast. And you know, we get the bottoms up forecast from sales; the analysis of the 
pipeline, especially the factor pipeline that we talk about. We look at the assumed close rate. We do detailed face to 
face sales review with sales management. 

The guidance, frankly, is pretty similar to a year ago, and Q2 a year ago, in terms of the sequential percentage. We 
think it's realistic, and hopefully conservative. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Okay. And with the stock down $30, any thoughts on a buyback? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We will more than likely be continuing with buyback. 
We have a decision we make quarterly so you should expect to see that continuing. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Okay, thanks, gentlemen. 

Operator 

Next question from Troy Jensen [Piper Jaffray], your line is open. 

<Q - Troy Jensen>: So a quick one for John. You know, ARX several quarters of not hitting kind of your revenue 
targets, operating margins likely below zero here. Is there a timeline where you may make a more strategic decision on 
what to do with ARX? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Not really. We're pretty committed to ARX. And by 
the way, you said several quarters, Troy, I mean, the last two quarters we're actually happy. And I think during the 
quarter you did hear me with some optimism about ARX, but we did see the slipped deals. But we do expect that to 
gather some steam in this coming quarter. 

<Q - Troy Jensen>: Okay, and then a quick one for Andy. Andy, you had said for the year you're targeting operating 
margins of 36 to 38. Q1 here you guys are already above that. You seem like you guys are consistently pushing this 
message about investing after revenues, so what's your thoughts on that range now? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, that investing behind revenue is 
still our mode of operation. And if – when you pencil out our guidance, you'll see that we're at the upper end of that 
range for Q2 as well. Our view on it now, and I guess you could consider this an update is we think we'll be above 37, 
definitely, through the rest of the year. So, taking that up a little bit. 


<Q - Troy Jensen>: Got it, good to hear. All right, guys, good luck. 

Operator 

Next question from Paul Silverstein [Credit Suisse], your line is open. 
<Q - Paul Silverstein>: Yeah, Andy and John, on the government piece, it looks like U.S. federal was up about 1 


million. So, the rest of your government business was up a couple million dollars. Is the bulk of the balance of that state 
and local? How much of that is foreign, and how much of that is U.S. state and local? 
<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I'd say most of the other government is 


foreign. Our state and local for us is pretty small. 
<Q - Paul Silverstein>: But you're not seeing any – government clearly is strong for you guys, in general? 
<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: You know <
A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I wouldn't categorize it as strong. I mean, typically 


the September quarter is the strongest. It was – I would categorize it as normal. 
<Q - Paul Silverstein>: John, I'm looking at it up 40% year-over-year. 
<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: In federal? 
<Q - Paul Silverstein>: Well, government in general. 
<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No, and that's it, and the same for federal, so 


year-over-year perspective, we're very happy with it. 


<Q - Paul Silverstein>: All right. In terms of your new service provider product offerings, I know you just launched 
that recently. Any insight you can share with us in terms of what you're seeing? 
<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: That's early days. As I said earlier, that telco was 


above, in that 20, 25% range that we tend to. It was obviously at the lower end of that range in December. But that's not 
abnormal for the telco vertical. And in terms of new products, a number of stuff that's coming with version 11, that's 
moving into beta. 


<Q - Paul Silverstein>: So it's just too early to contemplate the impact? 


<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Oh, yeah, absolutely. I mean, it's not 
included in any of the guidance that we've got for this quarter. 
<Q - Paul Silverstein>: All right. I'll pass it on. Thank you. 


Operator 

Next question from Brian White [Ticonderoga Securities] Your line is open. 

<Q - Brian White>: I'm wondering, John, if you could talk a little bit about how January is tracking, and also, the 
competitive landscape? Has there been any change at all? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, we wouldn't normally. January has been 
tracking sort of normally. Frankly, the way our business works, is that we really focus very much weekly. But typically 
it's always the last week in a month that's important. That's why I called out the last week in the October month that 
was abnormally low for us, and we have never really seen it that low before. And then it normalized in November. So, 
we would expect the same in January. 


We would expect a normal – not a low, but back to normality as we saw in November and December. 

<Q - Brian White>: And is there any change at all in the competitive landscape, is anyone getting more competitive? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Not at all. We spent about four hours yesterday with 
the North American sales management. We don't see any change in the competitive environment. We think we're 
incredibly well placed competitively. 

<Q - Brian White>: Just finally, I mean, it's obviously a fine quarter, but usually you deliver a little more upside 
obviously in the outlook. So, if you had to pin, you know, one reason for why things aren't maybe as robust as they 
were in the quarters before, what would you highlight? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I think that, trying to catch up in October, 
definitely was appropriate. We did see some – not as many large deals last quarter as we would normally see. But our 
pipeline of large deals is pretty significant this coming quarter. So, you know, we don't see anything systemic. We think 
we're going to have a pretty solid continuance of large deals and that will also involve the second half of the year. 

<Q - Brian White>: Okay. Great, thank you. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. 

Operator 

Next question from Nikos Theodosopoulos [UBS] Your line is open. 

<Q - Nikos Theodosopoulos>: Yes, thank you. A couple of questions. On the head count additions, I believe in the last 
couple of quarters you've been adding about 5 to 6% incremental head count. And that seems to be the case also for the 
March quarter. Do you think that that percentage is going to continue, or do you see, you know, with the in line 
guidance, and the guidance next quarter, that you might want to slow the head count additions to keep the operating 
margin stable? How do you plan on managing both of those? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, I think we plan to continue hiring 
aggressively. So – and we've been saying that for a while. And in my script I said for this quarter above 125. So, we're 
going to keep pushing that. 

In terms of managing that against operating margin, you know, that's what we do on a continuous basis, watching our 
revenue, managing it as we go, and we'll continue to do that. I think – I'm confident we can do both. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And frankly, the challenge for us has been hiring 
them, because we don't compromise on people. We've been very successful in sales and service, to some degree in 
marketing, but Andy is really tough. We're very, very choosey; very picky in terms of the quality. So, our mind set is 
not about limiting. It's the opposite. 

<Q - Nikos Theodosopoulos>: Okay. Okay, and just the second question. I think you said that the average deal size 
declined from the September quarter, first of all, if you can just confirm that? And then, how do I reconcile the deal 
size coming down, but the book-to-bill – I'm sorry; the pipeline of deal size improving, but the book-to-bill below 1. 
Can you kind of give some color on those moving parts? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: They're not really contradictory. What we did say, we 
actually saw less larger deals 


<Q - Nikos Theodosopoulos>: Okay. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: – in the quarter. But when you look at the pipeline of 
business that we expect, and especially the factor pipeline, that's the business we expect to close in the coming quarter, 
the number of large multimillion dollars deals has gone up. 


<Q - Nikos Theodosopoulos>: Okay. So, maybe then just for the December quarter, what was the trend in the average 
deal size? Did it go up or down or flat from September? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It went down and linked to the fact that we had less 
larger deals. 

<Q - Nikos Theodosopoulos>: Okay, got it. All right, thank you. 

Operator 

Next question from Brian Marshall [Gleacher & Company] Your line is open. 

<Q - Brian Marshall>: Hi, thanks, guys. Question with regard to the telco vertical, I mean, if you look at it, we were 
on a very strong pattern in June and September and kind of had a little hiccup this last quarter. I guess going forward, I 
mean, do you really expect this to be just a seasonal thing, i.e., should really start to get back on the track that we saw 
in the June, September timeframe with a ramp perspective? Or do you think this is going to be a little bit more of a 
period of sort of a gestation, if you will? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No, we think it's going to be a seasonal thing, 
actually, because interestingly enough, if you look at last year, it was 21% as well. So, you know, very similar to a year 
ago, when networks closed down, and I indicated that we do expect to see momentum in this coming quarter. 

<Q - Brian Marshall>: Okay, so I guess going forward, you would expect the total NIC from telco service providers 
to start to get to back to where we were in that June/September timeframe over the next several quarters? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, we'll obviously give more specific guidance 
when we move beyond this coming quarter. But I don't see any change that's happened that would make me think 
otherwise. 

<Q - Brian Marshall>: Okay. Then if you look at the last 6 quarters, on average I guess you've added about $15 
million sequentially of incremental revenue. And then we did have those kind of two outliers in June, September. Do 
you think if we exclude those outliers, that that's kind of the steady-state of business that F5 is currently on today going 
forward? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, I do. I think – as I said earlier, when we look at 
the pipeline and we look at our win rates, competitive position, all of that stuff, the factor pipeline, the close rate 
percentages that we're assuming, we do think that we're going to have a very good second half. 

You know, what we have discussed is that as the company is getting larger, we've seen some seasonal – seasonality 
after Q4. And, you know, we'll investigate that further and talk about it more as we get nearer Q1 2012. But our 
currently feeling is we probably do. 

<Q - Brian Marshall>: Seasonality after September '11, so, i.e., December 2011? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. 

<Q - Brian Marshall>: Okay, thank you. Appreciate it 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Ittai Kidron [Oppenheimer & Co] Your line is open. 

<Q - Ittai Kidron>: Thanks. I want to drill back again into Acopia, John. I can't even count the number of quarters 
you've set targets for this and you never seem to be able to get there. When you do a root cause on this, what do you 
think is the issue? Where do you think you guys are not evaluating correctly, or not executing correctly on this? 


<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, I mean, definitely there's no question that it 
seems to be easier for customers to delay a decision on the ARX. We've said that a number of times. But the other side 
of that coin is when we did some of the reviews of the forecast deals for ARX this coming quarter, the names – the 
Fortune 50 names that are on the list is really impressive. 

So there's definitely frustration here internally about, we're winning some real quality names, we're winning some great 
projects, but we're still waiting on that scalability happening within the business and we're going to keep at it until we 
get it. 

<Q - Ittai Kidron>: Well, but it seems like the evaluation process is extremely long, and you know, therefore, why be 
optimistic on it? I mean, it could be that they're just, well, maybe not really interested in it, right? They're just 
evaluating for long, and it doesn't seem like it's delivering or wasn't going to give them the benefits that you think it's 
going to give them, and thus they're not really pulling the trigger on it all that quickly. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, but remember we're doing a lot of things at the 
same time, as we're doing that. We've introduced the virtualization version. We think that is going to have an effect. 
We've introduced Cloud Extender. There's going to be two new much, much faster with massive price performance, 
actual products coming along. So, it's not like we're standing still hitting the same brick wall. We're advancing as we're 
doing that. But you can't deny that we haven't produced the goods yet. 

<Q - Ittai Kidron>: A couple more things. Andy, on the DSO, a significant increase there, if you could explain that? 
And also, the financial vertical on a year-over-year basis, I mean, last year in this quarter it was about 31% of your 
revenue, now only 19, a significant shrinkage from a contribution standpoint. Is there anything we should – how should 
we interpret that, I guess? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, so on the DSO, you know, John 
alluded to the slow start we had in October, and that affected our collections, and drove up the DSO there to the 48 
level. But what I'd say is when we looked at our accounts receivable, I wouldn't take away anything from that in terms 
of the quality of the deals, or collection issues. It's all current, it's all clean. So, that's good. 

When we look at the – on your second question, Ittai, the financial vertical, so a year ago, if you remember, we had a 
large financial deal in our Q4 that we didn't ship out, and we actually ended up shipping out a fair amount of it, I can't 
remember the exact percentage, but a fair amount in our Q1, which took the financial vertical up to that 31%, so that's 
why you see that, what appears to be a drop-off. But from our perspective, the financial vertical is as strong for us as 
ever, nothing to read into that either. Yeah, that's it. 

<Q - Ittai Kidron>: Okay, very good. Good luck, guys. 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Next question comes from Jason Ader [William Blair & Company] Your line is open. 

<Q - Jason Ader>: Thanks, guys. I guess I was just curious, John, if – do you think it's possible that because of your 
strong product cycle that you've had over the last 18 months, and some of the pent-up demand coming out of the 
recession, and also, the urgency around data center build-outs, that maybe some business, kind of, that normally would 
be in the latter part of the year, came in earlier in the year? And that's why you saw such incredible performance, 
maybe in the June and September quarters, maybe not as strong in December? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: You know, we looked at that, but we don't think so. 
And the reason we don't think so is the pipeline. I mean, the pipeline is the strongest it's ever been going into this 
quarter, very, very strong. The factor pipeline is very strong. We think we've basically chosen some reasonably 
conservative closure rates on the factor pipeline in terms of our guidance. And there's nothing for us to think that that 
pipeline wouldn't increase going into the second half. So, if the pipeline was down, and we would maybe go there. But 


no, it's the opposite. You know, clearly, we've been beating the quarters and didn't last quarter, but the key drivers are 
all in place. 
<Q - Jason Ader>: So basically your bottom line here is, it's just seasonality? 
<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. That's correct. 
<Q - Jason Ader>: Okay. Thanks. 
<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 


Operator 

Next question comes from Simona Jankowski [Goldman Sachs] Your line is open. 


<Q - Simona Jankowski>: Hi, thanks so much. I just wanted to see, unless I missed it, if you could comment on the 
percent of business that came from new customers this quarter versus from existing customers? 
<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, we haven't, so the breakdown: 


new business, it was 34%, and that's up 2% from the prior quarter. And obviously, existing then was 66. 
<Q - Simona Jankowski>: Okay, got it. 
And as far as your book-to-bill below 1, can you give us a little bit of context for that as far as how normal is it for that 


to be below 1 in the December quarter? Is it seasonal or is it an aberration? And also, maybe when was the last time it 
was below 1? 
<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, I wouldn't say that for Q1 that it's 


– that's been consistent. I think since the recession, we're kind of reshaping our view on that. And I think John talked 
about the seasonality, and that may be an outcome, but it's a little early to call that. 
I believe the last time that it was less than 1 was the March quarter of '09. 
<Q - Simona Jankowski>: Okay. Great, thank you very much. 
<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Next question comes from Brian Modoff [Deutsche Bank] Your line is open. 

<Q - Brian Modoff>: Yeah, guys, I wonder if you can talk a little about some of the new products you have coming 
out, particularly Victoria and TMOS 11.0. And how do you see that affecting your demand trend as those products 
come into production? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Right, so yeah, so as John mentioned in 
his script, we're rolling out some new platforms. We actually have some new nets hardware that will be showing up this 
year, as well as the Victoria platform. And actually Victoria will be rolling out in two versions. It will be rolling out 
with a 10.2 release, 10.2x and also, with our 11.0 software will be available. And then 11.0, we have some very 
significant service provider features including, you know, including the ones that John talked about in the script. But 
things like significant enhancements for IPv6 support, some specific management features, some iRules features 
specifically targeted at our service provider customer, especially in the mobile area. 

So, Dan, I don't know if you want to add? 


<A - Dan Matte>: Absolutely, Brian. This is Dan. The other thing, too, is with the Victoria platform itself – so first of 
all, I guess, to set the stage, we've had multiple, multiple introductions of new hardware versions, and better 
performance and things over the history of the company, and so we're pretty good at managing those in and setting the 
right expectations with our customers. So, things like – you know, Osborne Effect and stuff like that, we've been able 
to manage around those over time. 

The Victoria piece in specific is really very cool. So, it's taking a lot of the benefits that we get out of the VIPRION 
architecture, so chassis-based, being able to add blades if you need more capacity and all the high availability, and scale 
for manipulation that you need and bringing that into the mid-level of our product range. And we believe that will be a 
significant differentiator for us, certainly within the enterprise, compared to all our competitors out there. And we'll 
bring some very, very good things, and bring more horsepower for a lot of the application-level modules that we offer 
out there on the security side and acceleration side. So, we're quite amped about it. 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: One thing I do want to add, too, is that 
with our new software releases, they do run on all of our existing shipping platforms. So, customers that have been 
purchasing platforms all along; this will be available to them as well. So, there's no change there. 

<Q - Brian Modoff>: And can you give us a little bit of the timing of Victoria availability and, as well as TMOS 11.0? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: As I say, Brian, it's moving into beta, and that means 
we are letting customers test it, letting customers give us feedback. That means it's very well-advanced. We haven't 
given a date yet, and we won't until we're absolutely through the beta phase. But typically when we give our products – 
especially products of this size into beta, it's very well-baked. So, we're a long way forward with it. 

<Q - Brian Modoff>: So the next couple of quarters? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We're a long way forward with the product. 

[Laughter] 

<Q - Brian Modoff>: And same with TMOS 11? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Oh, yeah, absolutely, that's moving into beta as well. 

<Q - Brian Modoff>: Thank you. 

<A - John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations>: Brian, this is John Eldridge. We're going to take two more 
questions, and then end the call. So, let's move ahead. 

Operator 

Okay, next question from Rod Hall [JP Morgan Securities] Your line is open. 

<Q - Rod Hall>: Okay, yeah, thanks for taking my questions. So, I just had a couple clarifications, I guess. One is, 
John, you said that this October month was weak, and the November and December okay. And then, but then you're 
only forecasting in this next quarter, the quarter we're in, kind of normal sequential improvement, which I – it feels to 
me like it ought to be better than normal if October was kind of a blip. I wonder if you could talk about what your 
thinking there is? 

Also, I wanted to follow up on Brian's question on new products. It does feel an awful lot like with the cost savings you 
guys have in H2, there is some Osborne effect going on. And so, I just wonder if you could comment on the type of 
pipeline you think you've got for H2. Is it for these new products, or is it just normal pipeline stuff that's going on? 

And lastly, on DSOs, I just wonder, you guys said that your Asia really drove the quarter. Was that particular deal, 
where, you know, you're not getting payment until later, was that an Asian deal, and can you comment on whether 
further expansion in Asia, you know, you would expect DSOs maybe to expand a little bit before they stabilize? So 


those are my three questions. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: On the second question, and I'll leave the DSO for 
Andy. But on the second question, we're absolutely convinced there's no Osborne issue going on. We would see that 
very clearly when we talk to the sales force. We're just not seeing that. And we don't expect to see it. We've managed 
pretty well in that. So, I think that's absolutely a red herring to go down that way. 

Regarding the guidance, well, you know, as I said earlier, we used the same technique for guidance. We've done a lot – 
put a lot of effort into it in the last couple of weeks, looking at the pipeline, analyzing it, the face-to-face meetings that I 
talked about. We are assuming a book-to-bill equal to 1 on our guidance. And we are assuming, hopefully, a 
conservative close rate in the factor pipeline, and in fact, slightly reduced close rates from last quarter, which are in 
fact, down from the previous three quarters, so we'll see where that ends up. But I think our guidance is realistic. 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, and then to your question on the 
DSOs, and was that driven by a specific deal or geography? Definitely not. Really it was more just – I would use the 
term broad-based just in terms of a slower October made it more difficult to get collections in general. But you know, 
even at the mid-40s, 48, we still feel very good about our accounts receivable. 

<Q - Rod Hall>: So we should expect those DSOs to drop back down again in this current quarter? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well – guided to mid-40s. And yeah, my 
general expectation would be for it to pull in a little bit. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And that's what we typically get. 

<Q - Rod Hall>: Okay. All right, thanks, guys. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

<A - John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations>: Okay, one more question. 

Operator 

Tai Liani [Bank of America Merrill Lynch], your line is open. 

<Q - Tal Liani>: Thanks for letting me ask a question. I have two questions. First, when Cisco described what 
happened to them in the quarter, they used kind of hiccup, and words that tried to explain that it's temporary, and then 
they expected the growth rate to go back right after into normal growth rate. And I'm making the same question to you. 
You've grown your product revenue in the last 5 quarters, anywhere at the bottom – between 9% to 14%, a pretty nice 
range and this quarter is 4, the guidance for next quarter implied is about 4 again. The question is whether you think the 
product growth rate could go back up to this 10% level, and whether we should model it this way or not? So that's 
question number one. 

Question number two, I know we don't have time, and maybe we can take it off-line, but the question is, the declining 
growth rate, is it because the underlying growth in the market is slowing down? Or is it because you've taken so much 
share from others that there's just no more share to take, and that's what the market share data is suggesting? I'm trying 
to make the distinction between share gains and underlying growth in the market. Thanks. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, on the first thing, I wouldn't classify it as 
temporary. You know, I think we think there's more seasonality than anything in terms of the result last quarter, which, 
let me remind everybody, was at the top of the range. But yes, I would classify it as seasonality. And we will talk about 
that more as we go through the year. 

So – and in terms of the second question, and the first question, you know, our pipeline is very, very strong right now. 
The number of big deals has grown. We've said we expect a strong second half. That doesn't point to a, in our view, any 
market weakness or market saturation. 


<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: One more thing on top of that. I mean, 
John mentioned some of the blue chip companies that we're breaking into with ARX. But I'd expand that across our 
entire product line. I mean, we continue to take big name, you know, competitively held customers to the F5 standard. 
And we're adding, you know, follow-on deals to the new customers we've added in the last 4 or 5 quarters, that are big 
deals. They're big, multimillion dollars deals. I think we see a lot of that coming in this quarter. 

<Q - Tal Liani>: Thank you. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay, thank you. 

<A - John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations>: Thank you very much. Thank you, all for joining us and we'll 
talk to you again next quarter. 

Operator 

Thank you. That does conclude the conference. You may disconnect your phone lines at this time. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


