Q4 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations 
• Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer 
• John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Dan Matte 
• Karl Triebes 
• Mark Anderson 
Other Participants 

• Erik Suppiger 
• Tal Liani 
• Jeffrey Evenson 
• Rod Hall 
• Catharine Trebnick 
• John Slack 
• Troy Jensen 
• Nikos Theodosopoulos 
• Mark Sue 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon, and welcome to the F5 Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2010 Financial Results Conference Call. At this 
time, all parties will be able to listen only until the questions and answer portion. Also today's conference is being 
recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. John 
Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin. 

John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations 

Thank you, Ashley, and welcome all of you to our – today's conference call. We're reviewing the results of the fourth 
quarter and fiscal year for 2010. Speakers on today's call are John McAdam, President and CEO, and Andy Reinland, 
Senior VP and Chief Finance Officer. The other members of our exec team are also with us to answer questions 
following our prepared comments. 

If you have any follow-up questions after the call, please direct them to me at 206-272-6571. A copy of today's press 
release is available on our website at f5.com. In addition, you can access an archived version of today's live webcast 
from the Events Calendar page of our website through January 19. From 4:30 pm today until 5:00 pm Pacific time 
October 27, you can also listen to a telephone replay at 800-947-4566, or 203-369-3552. During today's call, our 
discussion will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, anticipate, expect and target. 

These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those 
expressed or implied by the statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in our quarterly releases and 


described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information presented in this call. 
Before we begin, I also want to remind you that we are holding our 2010 analysts investor meeting in New York on 
November 16. If you are planning to attend the meeting and have not registered, you can register online from the link 
on our IR Events Calendar entry for November 16, or call Darlene Henderson at 206-272-6170. 

And now I'll turn the call over to Andy Reinland. 

Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer 

Thank you, John. Q4 marked another quarter of strong sequential and year-over-year revenue growth and profitability, 
capping a very strong year for F5. Following my review of our results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2010, I will 
provide guidance for Q1 and discuss our general planning assumptions for fiscal 2011. 

For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010, revenue of 254.3 million was above our target range of 242 to 247 million, 
representing an increase of 10% from the prior quarter and 45% from the fourth quarter a year ago. Book-to-bill was 
greater than one. 

Q4 product revenue of 165 million, up 12% from the prior quarter and 52% from the fourth quarter of last year, 
represented 65% of total revenue. Service revenue of 89.3 million increased 7% sequentially, and 35% year-over-year, 
accounting for 35% of total revenue. Revenue from our core Application Delivery Networking business was 241.8 
million, compared to 218.5 million in Q3 and represented 95% of total revenue. 

ARX revenue was 7.3 million, up from 6.2 million in the prior quarter and represented 3% of total revenue. FirePass 
revenue of 5.2 million was down from 5.7 million in Q3 and accounted for 2% of total revenue. This decrease was 
primarily driven by increasing sales of our Access Policy Manager and Edge Gateway products, which incorporate 
many of the features and capabilities of FirePass and are included in our overall ADN solution portfolio. 

As these products continue to gain traction, we anticipate that sales of standalone FirePass will continue to decline. 
Beginning next quarter, we will include FirePass revenues as a component of ADN revenue and will no longer break 
them out separately. 

On a geographic basis, we grew revenue in all theaters during Q4. The Americas represented 60% of revenue; EMEA 
accounted for 22%; APAC, 12%; and Japan, 6%. By vertical, telco represented 25% of revenue during the quarter; 
technology, including large internet content providers was 19%; and the financial sector accounted for 20%. Total 
government revenue was 11%, including 7% from U.S. federal. During Q4, we had one greater than 10% distributor, 
Avnet, which accounted for 18.3% of total revenue. 

Continuing down the income statement, gross margin in Q4 was 81.6%. Excluding 2 million of stock-based 
compensation, non-GAAP gross margin was 82.4%. Operating expenses were 131.1 million. Excluding 17.8 million of 
stock-based compensation, non-GAAP operating expenses were 113.4 million. 

GAAP operating margin was 30%. Excluding stock-based compensation, our non-GAAP operating margin was 37.8%. 
GAAP other income of 100,000 included a one-time, $1.5 million legal settlement charge. This charge is excluded 
from non-GAAP results. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 36.8%. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 34.6%. 

GAAP net income for the quarter was 48.2 million, or $0.59 per diluted share, above our guided range of 53 to $0.55. 
Excluding stock-based compensation, and the one-time charge for the legal settlement, non-GAAP net income was 63.9 
million or $0.79 per diluted share, also above our guided range of 69 to $0.71. 

For the full year, revenue for fiscal 2010 was 882 million, up 35% from fiscal 2009. Product revenue of 561.1 million 
was up 38% from the prior year and accounted for 64% of total revenue. Service revenue of 320.8 million grew 30% 
during the year and represented 36% of total revenue. GAAP net income for fiscal 2010 was 151.2 million or $1.86 per 
diluted share. Non-GAAP net income was 203.8 million or $2.51 per diluted share. 


Turning to the balance sheet. In Q4, we generated 86.4 million in cash flow from operations, which contributed to cash 
and investments totaling 862.1 million at year end. For all of fiscal 2010, cash flow from operations totaled $313.6 
million. DSO was 40 days. Inventory at the end of the quarter was 18.8 million. 

Deferred revenue increased 8% sequentially to 259.4 million. Capital expenditures for the fourth quarter were 2.5 
million, and depreciation and amortization expense was 5.9 million. During the quarter, we added 110 employees, 
ending the year with approximately 2,010 full-time employees. This compares to 1,645 employees at the end of fiscal 
2009. 

In Q4, we repurchased approximately 223,000 shares of our common stock at an average price of $89.57, for a total of 
approximately $20 million. Of the 200 million authorized by the Board for repurchase in October 2008, approximately 
38 million remains. F5's board has authorized an additional 200 million for our share repurchase program. 

Now for our Q1 fiscal 2011 outlook. We continue to see the broad adoption of our products by a wide range of 
customers, seeking to drive efficiency, performance gains and cost savings within their data centers and service 
offerings. Combined with a growing recognition of our technology and market leadership, a strong product road map 
and the significant investments we have made in our sales force and channel, we believe we will continue to see strong 
demand for our solutions entering our new fiscal year. 

For the first quarter of fiscal 2011, we are targeting revenue in a range of 265 to 270 million. An item of note, we will 
be adopting the FASB's new revenue recognition rules beginning in Q1 of fiscal 2011. We anticipate the impact of 
these new standards on Q1 to be a deferral of approximately $1 million of product revenue. This impact is factored in 
to our guidance. We expect overall gross margins of 81 to 82%, including approximately 2 million of stock-based 
compensation expense. Our operating expense targets are 137 million to 141 million, including approximately 18.5 
million in stock-compensation expense. Our effective tax rate for the quarter is expected to be 36.5%. 

Excluding stock-based compensation, our non-GAAP effective tax rate is expected to be 35%. Our Q1 GAAP earnings 
target is 62 to $0.64 per share. Our non-GAAP earnings target is 80 to $0.82 per share. We expect to maintain our DSO 
in the low 40-day range. We anticipate inventories in the range of 17 to 19 million. We are targeting an increase to head 
count of 125 to 150 employees, and we believe we will generate cash flow from operations in excess of $95 million. 

Now I would like to give you some general comments and guidelines related to our expectations for fiscal 2011. We 
believe the momentum we see in the business continues to drive F5 forward in fiscal year 2011. Our goal for the year is 
to continue to grow revenue by investing in our business and to and maintain a high level of profitability by investing 
behind revenue growth. With that in mind, we are confident we will grow revenue sequentially throughout the year. 

We expect to see gross margins in a range of 81 to 82%. We anticipate non-GAAP operating margins to range between 
36 and 38%. We expect stock-based compensation expense to approximate Q1 levels until our next annual grant in 
August. Capital expenditures are expected to be 4 to 8 million per quarter, and we expect our effective tax rates to 
average approximately 36.5% on a GAAP basis and 35% on a non-GAAP basis. 

With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam. 

John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Andy, and good afternoon, everyone. I will take a few minutes to cover F5's performance in fiscal 2010, talk in 
more detail about our Q4 results and then comment on our outlook and the exciting opportunities we see going into 
fiscal 2011. 

The improvement in corporate spending patterns that we started to experience in the second half of fiscal 2009 
continued to improve throughout the year. Data center consolidation using virtualization technologies, cloud computing 
architectures and the continued explosive growth of mobile applications and data are all industry trends, but continue to 
be significant growth drivers for F5 solutions. 


In addition, we continue to derive significant revenues from our partnerships with large application solution suppliers, 
for the ability of our products to optimize the performance, security and availability of mission-critical business 
applications is unparalleled. 

These new architecture trends have greatly expanded and solidified F5's position as a critical infrastructure player in the 
data center where our products act as strategic control points and are key building blocks for dynamic data center 
architectures. 

During physical 2010, we increased our technology leadership position with several new product releases and the 
addition of significant new functionality features to our TMOS portfolio of solutions. Typical examples of this market 
expansion exclude include our new Access Policy Manager solution, our WAN Optimization Module, the software 
virtualization bastion 0:15:59.9 of big IP and our expanding portfolio of application optimization templates. 

We also increased our market share in core Application Delivery Controller market by approximately 8 points. We 
invested in our go to market strategy with a number of key hires in the ARX file virtualization business, which has 
resulted in sequential revenue growth in the second half of the year. Our services business continued to be a significant 
profit and revenue growth contributor, while maintaining customer satisfaction at world class levels. 

All our key financial metrics improved in fiscal 2010. We ended the fiscal year with a stellar balance sheet with 
approximately 862 million in cash and investments, having repurchased approximately 75 million of common stock. 
Free cash flow for fiscal 2010 was up 58% year-over-year at 301 million. 

Our overall year-over-year revenue growth was 35%, including 38% year-over-year growth from product sales and 
30% growth from our services business. We also experienced quarterly sequential growth and operating margins 
throughout the year. We accomplished this while investing significantly in additional head count, increasing our total 
net head count by over 360, ending the year with over 2,000 employees. 

As far as Q4 is concerned, I was very pleased with our results. Revenue growth of 45% year-over-year, including 52% 
year-over-year product growth, should put us in a strong position for continued market share gains. 

From a geographic perspective, North America completed a stellar year with yet another strong performance driven by 
large multi-million dollar ADC project wins and a strong quarter from our U.S. Federal team. Having said that, the 
success in Q4 was broad based with all major geographic regions exceeding our internal targets. 

We continued to see progress with our ARX file virtualization product sales. The investments we made in our 
go-to-market strategy with ARX are starting to bear fruit, and we expect ARX to be a growth driver in fiscal 2011. Our 
services business delivered yet another solid quarter completing a tremendous year. The fed revenue continued to grow 
last quarter, which bodes well for continued growth in 2011. 

Overall our Q4 financial performance was excellent. Quarterly free cash flow of almost 84 million was a record for the 
company, and our non-GAAP operating margins of almost 38% exceeded our internal targets. 

As far as the outlook is concerned, Andy provided our projected revenue range as well as some of the high level 
expectations for fiscal 2011. While it is appropriate to be cautious about the global economic situation, we remain 
committed to our strategy of investing behind revenue. I feel very optimistic of the future of F5 as we enter fiscal 2011. 
We enter the year in a very strong competitive position. I am very excited about our product road map. We will present 
our road map in detail at our upcoming analyst investor meeting scheduled for mid-November. 

I will not go into the details here regarding our product road map, but you will hear more about our plans for a host of 
exciting new products and additional software features. The road map deliverables will expand and enhance our 
technology leadership position and increase the barrier to entry for our competitors and will open new addressable 
markets. 

As I said in my introduction, F5 enjoys a position of being in the sweet spot of business and industry trends, and the 
investments we have made in our sales channel should allow us to take advantage of this position. The F5 team should 
be proud of our progress and accomplishments during fiscal 2010. I would like to take this opportunity to thank the 


entire F5 team and our partners for their tremendous efforts last year, and I look forward to their continued support in 
fiscal 2011. 

We will now hand the call over for Q&A. Can we have Q&A now, please? 

Q&A 

Operator 

We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Erik 
Suppiger [Signal Hill Capital Group]; your line is open. 

<Q - Erik Suppiger>: Good afternoon. Congratulations. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Thanks, Erik. 

<Q - Erik Suppiger>: I guess first off the margins on the quarter were very, very good, and it looks like you're 
expecting to keep them at these levels. Do you think that it's prudent to continue at this level through 2011, or do you 
anticipate stepping up your investments from these levels, which would bring your operating margins down? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: I think we're pretty committed to 
continuing to invest to drive the top line, but as we look at the year and what we think's going to lay out, we think we 
can both invest and stay in this operating margin range, so we felt it was prudent to lay that out for you. 

<Q - Erik Suppiger>: Very good. And on the service provider side, can you comment how much of that is being 
driven by wireless carriers at this point? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: This is John, Erik. Maybe Dan could comment as 
well, but we – a lot is the answer. I mean we wouldn't give the specific percent. I don't actually know that. But renewal, 
there was a number of multi-million dollar deals that were related very, very closely to mobile traffic growth last 
quarter, and we see that continuing. Certainly the big majority is based on mobile traffic. 

<A - Dan Matte>: Absolutely. And Erik, this is Dan. And the types of things that they're using us for continue to be 
putting us in front of the end-user traffic increasingly and solving problems like traffic steering, like integrating and 
offloading some of the authentication with the directory services with the Diameter stuff that they do. Very, very heavy 
use of iRules as well to customize their behavior and their environment. So we're quite pleased with the progress we've 
been making in both the mobile and wireline carrier side. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It's also pretty global in nature as well. 

<Q - Erik Suppiger>: Very good. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Tal Liani [BAS/Merrill Lynch]; your line is open. 

<Q - Tal Liani>: Hi, guys. My questions are about the financials. If -- what I did, I calculated the sequential increase in 
revenues every quarter since September last year, and then the sequential increase in profits, and your margin 
contribution, the marginal -- how much of it flows down to the bottom line, has gone up tremendously, from 33% in 
December to 78% this last quarter. 

So I'm going back to the question that was asked before. When you gave the guidance for the next year, you said 36 to 
38%, but you were also conservative with your guidance before. So I'm wondering if revenues continue to grow at 10% 


a quarter, like you have grown the last five quarters, what prevents you from reporting operating margins that continue 
to go up? Or what prevents 50 to 80% of these incremental revenues to filter down to the profit line? Thanks. 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Yeah, you're absolutely right. And we've 
talked about this in the past, that if we do exceed our targets, then we could see operating margins spike higher. And 
actually we saw that a number of times through this last year, that led to us having now eight quarters in a row of 
operating margin expansion. So, Tal, I certainly don't argue with your premise there. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We don't see any big change in the model, which is as 
we said earlier, invest behind revenue, and then of course the key metric from an expense perspective is hiring. You 
can see we're increasing the hirings this coming quarter. I expect that will continue, but they're the main metrics. 

<Q - Tal Liani>: Now, if I go back and ask about the revenue growth, this year you had tremendous revenue growth 
on a quarter-to-quarter basis and on the year-over-year basis, of course. So looking in 2011, can you break down your 
-- the underlying growth of the market and then discuss the secular growth versus maybe recovery mode? And then 
also address the share gains, which means entering into next year, do you expect share gains to continue or you think 
you've got to the market share which is sustainable going forward, and do you think the market – the underlying market 
itself to grow at such a high rate as we've seen through 2010? Or was it just recovery? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, Tal, this is John, and I'll pass to Dan as well, but 
just to give you some comments before I do that. We're pretty convinced internally that our market is an expanding 
market in nature, in the sense that we continue to add modules that increase our market opportunity, and we'll talk a lot 
about that in November. 

Because we think that with a lot of the trends that are going plus the platform base that we have with TMOS, as well as 
ARX but with TMOS mainly, we can increase the market opportunity. In terms of share gains, yes, I think we'll 
continue to gain share. I mean obviously we have to execute on our product road map. I think we will do that, and we 
will continue to gain share. In terms of the market growth, I think we're a big driver of it, and maybe Dan could 
comment on that. 

<A - Dan Matte>: Yeah, absolutely, Tal. When you look at some of the market analyst projections and just thinking 
about sort of the pure ADC market as they measure it, the advanced portion of the marketplace, which is the one that 
we dominate, we're looking over the next couple years in the low 20s percent annual growth there. 

And when you look at that piece, but also what John raised, and that is we do a whole lot more than just address that 
ADC segment of the market. We're pushing into, increasingly into security, increasingly into the mobile space, into 
storage optimization and so on and so forth. So we'll talk a lot about that during the investor day. But as – people have 
asked us previously, is market constraint something that keeps us up at night? And it certainly is not. 

And then also in terms of market share gains in the ADC market, in the past years, John highlighted we picked up just 
under 8% of the market as measured by the analysts out there. About half of that or just under half of that came from 
Cisco. Some of the smaller players in the marketplace also gave up significant share over the course of the year. And 
then some of the other Tier 2 players were basically flat over the course of the year so we took some from the bigs and 
some from the small guys and the other ones were steady state. 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: And Tal, another variable that we think is 
a driver for us here is improved sales productivity. And we think we have the opportunity to drive that up and is 
another reason that we're focused on investing in salespeople because we think it in itself can have an impact on the 
overall market. So you'll see us doing that as well. 

<Q - Tal Liani>: Thank you. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from Jeff Evenson [Bernstein Research]; your line is open. 

<Q - Jeffrey Evenson>: Thanks. I'm wondering if you could give us some metrics insight into the growth of some of 
your new product introductions? And in particular, talk about the uptake that you've seen in the virtual version of your 
ADC. 

<A - Dan Matte>: Sure, this is Dan. In terms of actual numbers, I don't think we disclosed the actual sales of the 
particular modules or particular products, but things that I'm very happy with are progress that we've seen on APM, our 
Access Policy Manager, in particular, has been great. Our Global Traffic Manager as well has seen really, really good 
growth over the past several quarters driven by things like the adoption of DNSSEC in the Internet for enhanced 
security in the DNS system. Some of the other things are our WAN Optimization Module. I've seen some really, really 
nice gains there. 

So it's really across the board as well as our Edge piece on the SSL VPN access. We've seen that taking over from 
traditional FirePass. The other thing without disclosing the numbers on our virtual version of BIG-IP on LTM. We 
introduced that -- I think we released it in February, and I don't have the number right in front of me, but I want to say 
we've had about 14,000 downloads of that since then. So it's pretty good follow-up in terms of our goal of increasing 
our reach with that product out in the marketplace. So that's been really, really good. We've also introduced a virtual 
version of FirePass so we've seen activity on that as well. 

So overall I think with the new products in the portfolio, the emerging products, if you will, I'm very happy with how 
things are going. 

<Q - Jeffrey Evenson>: Do you have any sense for what share of the downloads of your virtual systems are used in 
production environments versus back rooms to develop and test new ways to use TMOS and iRules? 

<A - Dan Matte>: I think the majority of them today are mostly tests. We have seen definitely deployment and 
production as well, but I think the majority is making it easier for people to try this stuff out, test their obligations 
against it, develop iRules so that they can go ahead and roll out their full system later on. So that's definitely the 
majority today. 

<Q - Jeffrey Evenson>: Thank you. 

<A - Dan Matte>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

The next question comes from Rod Hall [J.P. Morgan Securities]; your line is open. 

<Q - Rod Hall>: Yeah, hi, guys, thanks for taking my question. Just a couple of quick ones. One, I wondered, you guys 
have been quoted in some recent conferences talking about new products coming up, I think wireless products, 
Victoria, other high-end products. I wonder if you could talk about whether new product assumptions are in your 
guidance, or if your guidance excludes any new products that might come down the pike in Q1? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, obviously we'll get through them in November. 
Maybe Karl could give a very brief summary of some of this stuff in a second, but in terms of our guidance, not really. 
I mean, these are -- Victoria, for example, we expect to see next calendar year, and obviously we haven't given any 
specific guidance. We've only given specific guidance for the quarter. So no, I don't think the new products have any 
significant material effect on the guidance for the next -- the current quarter we're in. 

<A - Karl Triebes>: Yeah, and this is Karl. We will be talking about Victoria and other platforms and our new features 
that are coming at the upcoming analyst day here in a few weeks. So... 


<Q - Rod Hall>: Okay. And then I had a – I just wanted to follow up on -- now that you guys have the benefit of the 
July data under your belt, I wonder if you could talk about -- Cisco talked about this end of June, early July downturn 
in enterprise spending that then snapped right back. And I wonder -- I think as of last quarter you guys really didn't see 
that. Can you say now with the benefit of July data, was there anything in your numbers that would suggest that was 
going on, or just saw absolutely nothing? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No, we didn't see anything that reflected those 
comments. 

<Q - Rod Hall>: Okay. And the last question I've got for you is on the hiring. Can you give us any idea regionally 
where you're hiring? I mean, are you doing more in Asia-Pac, more in Europe, is it mostly U.S.? Can you just talk us 
through that? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Actually, it's pretty broad in reality. I think 
you'll see North America lead the way, but it's almost from our perspective on the sales front in particular, which tends 
to make up over 40%, it will be pretty broad. 

<Q - Rod Hall>: But by broad do you mean proportionate, or do you mean just everywhere but not saying in what -


<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Yeah, I think that's a fair way to put it, 
proportionate to what -- if you look at the breakdown of our business worldwide. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. Especially sales and service. 

<Q - Rod Hall>: So all areas would go up [inaudible] percentage or something like that? Okay. Great, guys. Thanks a 
lot. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Next question comes from Catharine Trebnick [Avian Securities]; your line is open. 

<Q - Catharine Trebnick>: Good afternoon, gentlemen. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hi. 

<Q - Catharine Trebnick>: My question has to do around the Policy Manager that you discussed. Could you give us 
some more color as to the type of applications or wins for this product? It is more mobile? Was it more data center 
specific? 

<A - Dan Matte>: Absolutely. This is Dan. It was pretty broad-based actually, Catharine. Some of the things that I 
would highlight in terms of wins that we've had and solutions that we put forward during the quarter, would be some of 
the stuff that we've done with Oracle, for example. Integration with their Oracle Access Manager system, and using 
APM specifically to offload some of the functions that otherwise would have required a whole tier of proxies to be 
deployed and so having that happen in one place with us is a good example of that. We've also seen in the wireless 
space as well some of the integration with the directory services going on. 

Another example would be in the federal space where security is critical, and Access Policy Manager was something 
that drove some great business for us there. So it's pretty widespread. And when we look at what that product really 
does, we're combining optimization, security, offload of functions that otherwise have to be built in to a multitude of 
individual applications. So people find this very, very convenient and productive to deploy this. 

<Q - Catharine Trebnick>: Thank you. 

<A - Dan Matte>: You're welcome. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from John Slack [Citigroup Global Markets]. Your line is open. 

<Q - John Slack>: Great. Thanks, guys. I was wondering if you could give some color around maybe on the platform, 
on the product platform strength. What particular products are seeing more strength than others versus VIPRION or 
versus some of the mid-range products? I would love to hear that. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, again, maybe pass it to Karl in terms of the 
details. But what we are seeing and we saw again this quarter is a jump in the average order size. In fact, it was fairly 
significant this quarter. We're also seeing jumps in the number of deals above 200,000, et cetera, so we're seeing bigger 
transaction with bigger products, and the mix within those transactions, so that 8900 and above range has been very 
hot. VIPRION has been very hot. But across the board we still have a pretty good mix, but it's definitely trending 
towards the high end. 

<A - Karl Triebes>: This is Karl again. We introduced some new platforms too with our 11050, and so that's still 
fairly nascent. That just went out about a quarter ago, and we'll see that start to engage with some opportunities. 
Victoria when it comes up also slots in nicely between our appliances and our high-end VIPRION at a better cost point, 
a much better cost point. So we see a lot of opportunities there, but in general, consolidation, virtualization has really 
been driving a lot of adoption, especially the high-end platforms, but I think also the low end has been doing quite well 
as well. 

<A - Mark Anderson>: Yeah, and just maybe one comment. This is Mark Anderson. What we've done in the last year 
is we've really worked hard to train the sales team to sell bigger configurations and train our partners to sell bigger 
configurations. And the amazing thing is our customers deploy these bigger boxes, the VIPRIONs, the 8900s, and they 
go through them. And it allows them to deploy modules in a much more scalable way. And it's obviously the platform 
that we're pushing. 

<Q - John Slack>: Great. And maybe to follow up, on the bigger – or jump in order size, are you seeing not only 
bigger configurations, but also more units on an average order too? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I don't know if we'd know the answer to that question, 
actually. That's something we'd need to check. 

Just a reminder, that version 10, because it's quite often forgotten. Version 10 is the version that come out with the 
ability to have multiple modules, and I think that's been pretty profound in terms -- on the product side because as you 
increase the modules you typically go higher up the product range. I think that's one of the big drivers, that and of 
course the fact that overall traffic is obviously exploding. 

<Q - John Slack>: Great. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Next question, Troy Jensen. Your next question is from Troy Jensen [Piper Jaffray]; your line is open. 

<Q - Troy Jensen>: It's a nice quarter, gentlemen. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Thanks, Troy. 

<Q - Troy Jensen>: So, quick, ARX, any new thoughts on a revenue targets there and a timeframe? And I'm also 
curious to know if the current revenue level of the operating margins are positive or negative on it? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, this is John. I'm not going to put a stake in the 
ground like I did last fiscal, and I'm not going to do that. What I will say, but – and I said in my introduction, is that we 


do think it could be a good growth driver for us in fiscal 2011. I think it will grow sequentially when we look at the 
pipeline and we look at the way we're doing well with our go-to-market and our sales activity. Operating margins is a 
different story. Our deal with ARX right now is to focus on revenue growth and momentum so it is the one area that we 
don't invest behind revenue. 

<Q - Troy Jensen>: So is it safe to say they are negative margins now, or any color on where they are? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Yeah, we haven't broken it out, but I think 
that's safe to say. 

<Q - Troy Jensen>: And Andy, just to challenge you a little bit, you guys have said invest behind revenues here a 
couple of times. You just did almost 38% operating margins this quarter, but you're giving a target range of 36 to 38, so 
need to get to 36 kind of implies de-leveraging and investing it ahead of the revenues. So is 36 realistic or is that just 
kind of a cushion for you guys? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: We want to invest, and I see this as kind of 
a catch-up quarter for that. So if you're looking quarter by quarter, it doesn't quite hold, but if you're looking over the 
scope of the year, I think we'll be able to do 36 to 38, which is investing behind revenue for the year. 

<Q - Troy Jensen>: All right. Keep up the good work, guys. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Next question comes from Theodore Nikos (sic) [Nikos Theodosopoulos] [UBS Investment Research]. 

<Q - Nikos Theodosopoulos>: Okay, that was an interesting -- okay. Hey, it's Nikos here. I had a couple of questions. 
So on the verticals, if I did the math right, and let me know if this is wrong, but I think your two strongest growth 
verticals in fiscal 2010 were U.S. federal government and financial services. And as people look out to next year, 
people kind of look at U.S. federal government and financial services as being two areas where fundamentally there are 
challenges for the government in terms of budget, and financial services there is still issues with mortgages, et cetera. 
What's your view on those two businesses remaining strong for you next year? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: This is John. I feel very good about those verticals. 
They -- if you look at those verticals, they're very dependent for their existence on growing competitiveness through 
Internet, and that's why they're strong for us. Obviously, with -- last year, we had a very big transaction, the financial 
vessel that did obviously help the growth of the financial, but I still think it's going to be very healthy. The area that we 
feel very good about is also telco. You didn't mention that, but that was 25% this quarter. We're going to be talking 
quite a bit about telco in November as well where we see possibilities to expand that, the telco space, but I don't want to 
steal any thunder before November by talking about it in detail. But yeah, if you look at fiscal 2011 with the ROI story 
we have, I think financial is going to be really, really strong. I think federal, we're going to continue to invest in 
technology with the big dot-com-type companies, and Telco are going to be the top ones. 

<Q - Nikos Theodosopoulos>: Okay. Okay. Yeah, good. Yeah, I didn't ask you about telco because I thought that was 
more clear in terms of prospects. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. 

<Q - Nikos Theodosopoulos>: Okay. So it sounds like for government financial, you still feel pretty good about the 
growth next year? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. 

<Q - Nikos Theodosopoulos>: On gross margin, specifically on product gross margin it continues to pick up 
quarter-to-quarter. You're going more towards a high-end mix. You're doing more virtualized product. Why wouldn't 


that continue to trend up next year quarter to quarter as it did this year? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Yeah, it goes back to what we've pretty 
continuously said which is we'd like to invest that back in the business. And I think that's still our position. That being 
said, you're right. It has trended up strongly when we look at the drivers to that, software modules, the offshoring that 
we've done, supply chain management. We just -- we feel good about it. We're going to continue to try to invest it back 
in the business, so we'll see how it plays out. 

<Q - Nikos Theodosopoulos>: Okay, but when you say invest back in the business, that would imply hiring more, 
OpEx and so forth, but in terms of the actual -


<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: No, no -


<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No, it could be the channel or it could be -


<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Yeah, add services. Investing higher in the 
services side of the organization. It could be discounting, what -- a myriad of things. 

<Q - Nikos Theodosopoulos>: Got it. Got it. Okay, great. All right. Thank you. 

<A - John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations>: Ashley, this is John Eldridge. We're going to take one more 
caller, and then we're going to wrap it up. 

Operator 

Your last question comes from Mark Sue [RBC Capital]. Your line is open. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Hi, it is Justin Bieber for Mark Sue. Just kidding, guys. 

<A - Dan Matte>: Are you going to sing? 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Just a question on data centers. It's early in the cycle yet there's some concern that there's a little bit 
of overbuild in data centers, and some are actually losing some pricing power, whether it's colo or hosting or managed 
services. Are you seeing any of that, and is that creating some pause, or do you still think we're very early as it relates 
to new data centers and hybrid clouds? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, we had an internal conversation about this a 
couple of days ago, given some of the notes that we've seen out there from analysts, et cetera. We think it's at the very 
early stages. I know I personally, when I've met with CIOs, I don't get any messages that are fully penetrated in terms 
of the virtualization road map or the data center consolidation that's going on is anywhere near done yet, so we think 
that's something that continues. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Okay. And lastly Application Service Providers, John, they seem to be pulling you into more and 
larger deals. Any thoughts on the trends with these partners? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Like Microsoft and Oracle? Is that what you're 
talking about, Mark? 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Yes. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, in fact I deliberately put that into my review of 
the year because sometimes when we talk about mobile data, and we talk about data center consolidation and 
virtualization, we sometimes miss the obvious part of our business where we're really in a very strong part of the 
business, which is optimizing mission critical applications. 

That gets stronger, especially with Microsoft and Oracle in particular, we have great relationships there, with the stuff 
we're doing with application templates. We're going to be more -- there's going to be more information on that in 


November about a new release of software and what that does to the template scene, but, yeah, no that's going to 
continue to be a driver. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Okay. Thank you. And Justin Bieber says thank you. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations 

Okay. Thank you very much for joining us today. And if you have any follow-up question, please don't hesitate to give 
me a call. Talk to you next quarter. 

Operator 

Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may disconnect at this time. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


