Q2 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• John Eldridge, Head, Investor Relations 
• John McAdam, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
• Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer 
• Karl Triebes 
• Mark Anderson 
• Dan Matte 
Other Participants 

• Brian Marshall 
• Jess Lubert 
• John Slack 
• Brent Bracelin 
• Mark Sue 
• Alex Henderson 
• Kent Schofield 
• Jason Ader 
• Troy Jensen 
• Ryan Hutchinson 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon, and welcome to the F5 Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all parties will 
be able to listen only until the question and answer portion. Also today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has 
any objections please disconnect at this time. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Eldridge, Director of 
Investor Relations. 

Sir, you may begin. 

John Eldridge, Head, Investor Relations 

Thank you, Ashley, but we're getting a voice over on our phone here. Somebody's talking behind 


John McAdam, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

It's like there is a cross call. Can you hear anything apart from us? Hello? 

John Eldridge, Head, Investor Relations 

Hello? Ashley? Hello, are we back online? 


Operator 

You are online. 

John Eldridge, Head, Investor Relations 

Thank you, Ashley. Welcome all of you, and I'm sorry for the rough start to our second quarter fiscal 2011 conference 
call. This is John Eldridge. 

Speakers with me today on the call are John McAdam, President and CEO; Andy Reinland, Senior VP and Chief 
Finance Officer. Other members of the exec team are also with us to answer your questions following our prepared 
comments. 

If you have questions following the call, please direct them to me at 206-272-6571. If you don't have a copy of today's 
press release, it's available on our website at F5.com. In addition, you can access an archived version of today's live 
webcast from the events calendar page of our website through July 20th. [audio gap] (2:35) 4:30 PM today until 
midnight Pacific time April 21st. You can also listen to a telephone replay at 800-294-2480, or 203-369-3227. 

During today's call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements, which include words such as believe, 
anticipate, expect, and target. 

These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially 
from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our results are summarized in our 
quarterly release described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty to update any information 
presented in today's call. Now I'll turn the call over to Andy Reinland. 

Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer 

Thank you, John. During the second quarter of fiscal 2011, F5 achieved solid revenue growth and operating results. 
Revenue of $277.6 million, which increased 35% year-over-year and 3% sequentially, was within our guided range of 
$275 million to $280 million. 

GAAP EPS of $0.68 per diluted share was above our guided range of $0.65 to $0.67. Excluding stock-based 
compensation expense, non-GAAP EPS of $0.88 per diluted share was also above our guidance of $0.84 to $0.86. 

Product revenue of $173.7 million grew 34% year-over-year, and represented 63% of total revenue. Service revenue of 
$103.9 million grew 36% year-over-year, and accounted for 37% of total revenue. Book-to-bill for the quarter was 
equal to one. 

Revenue growth during the quarter was driven by strong performance in the Americas and APAC. The Americas grew 
38% year-over-year, and 4% from Q1, and accounted for 59% of total revenue. APAC grew 68% year-over-year, 10% 
sequentially, and accounted for 14% of total revenue. EMEA revenue, which was essentially flat with the prior quarter, 
grew 22% year-over-year and accounted for 22% of revenue. Japan accounted for 6% of total revenue, was down 6% 
sequentially, and flat with the second quarter a year ago. 

Revenue from our core Application Delivery Networking business was $270.5 million, up from $261.7 million in Q1. 
Revenue from our ARX file virtualization products was essentially flat with the prior quarter at $7.1 million. During 
Q2, the financial vertical accounted for 20% of revenue; telco was 19%; and technology was 24%. 

Total government revenue was 10%, including 6% from U.S. Federal. In Q2 we had one greater than 10% distributor, 
Avnet, which represented 19.6% of total revenue. 


Moving down the income statement, GAAP gross margin in Q2 was 81.7%. Excluding approximately $2.2 million of 
stock-based compensation expense, non-GAAP gross margin was 82.5%. GAAP operating expenses of $143.7 million 
were within our target range of $142 million to $146 million. Excluding $19.6 million of stock-based compensation 
expense, non-GAAP operating expenses were $124.1 million. GAAP operating margin was 30%. Non-GAAP 
operating margin, which excludes stock-based compensation expense, was 37.8%. 

Our GAAP effective tax rate was 34.4%. Excluding stock-based compensation, our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 
32.9%. 

On the balance sheet, cash flow from operations was $91.2 million, contributing to total cash and investments of $997.2 
million at quarter end. Free cash flow for the quarter was $85 million. DSO at the end of Q2 was 46 days. 

Inventories at quarter end were $18.2 million. Deferred revenue increased 9% sequentially to $313.3 million. Capital 
expenditures for the quarter were $6.2 million, and depreciation and amortization expense was $5.3 million. We ended 
the quarter with approximately 2,255 employees, an increase of 125 from the prior quarter. During the quarter, we 
repurchased approximately 405,000 shares of our common stock at an average price of $114.85 per share, for a total of 
$46.5 million. 

Approximately $166 million remains authorized under the current share repurchase program. Looking ahead to Q3, we 
are encouraged by the continued momentum we see in our key drivers with large projects, data center consolidation, 
and virtualization continuing to push our business. This, combined with our strong product offerings and our 
operational strength and efficiency, give us confidence we will grow sequentially and sustain our current level of 
profitability through the remainder of fiscal year 2011. 

Nevertheless, the uncertain impact of Japan has inclined us to be somewhat cautious in assessing our near-term 
prospects. With that in mind, we are targeting Q3 revenue in the range of $287 million to $292 million. 

We expect GAAP gross margin in the 81% to 82% range, including approximately $2 million of stock-based 
compensation expense. We anticipate GAAP operating expenses in the range of $147 million to $151 million. This 
includes approximately $20 million of stock-based compensation expense. 

Our GAAP EPS target is $0.69 to $0.71 per diluted share. Excluding stock compensation, our non-GAAP EPS target is 
$0.89 to $0.91 per diluted share. We are forecasting an effective tax rate of 35.5%. Excluding stock-based 
compensation, we expect a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 33.5%. 

We plan to increase our head count by more than 125 employees in the current quarter. We estimate our DSO will be in 
the mid-40-day range. We expect inventory levels within a range of $18 million to $20 million, and we believe our cash 
flow from operations will be in excess of $95 million. With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam. 

John McAdam, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Thanks, Andy and good afternoon, everyone. Overall I was very pleased with the F5 team's performance in Q2. In the 
Americas revenue grew 38% year-over-year, and Asia Pacific revenue increased 68% year-over-year. Helped by a 
strong linearity in the early part of the quarter, Japan revenue was essentially flat year-over-year, a tremendous 
achievement considering the enormous difficulty they faced in the later stages of the quarter. 

Revenue from EMEA grew 22% year-over-year, below our internal expectations. Once again we improved our balance 
sheet significantly with cash flow from operations at approximately $91 million, and closed the quarter with $997 
million in cash and investments and no debt. Our services business achieved a significant milestone with revenue above 
$100 million in the quarter, and continues to be a key growth driver and a strong profit contributor to our business 
model. 

Most important, we have been able to achieve these outstanding financial results while maintaining customer 
satisfaction at world-class levels. 


From a product perspective, our ADC business continues to be the fundamental driver of our overall growth. The 
application fluency we provide with our unique fool-proof TMOS architecture and the flexibilities of iRules have given 
our customers and partners the ability to rapidly optimize and secure applications with minimum disruption and cost. 
Our online user's community, 

DevCentral, continues to grow in popularity with both membership and activity hitting all-time highs. This highlights 
how customers are integrating our products more deeply with their architectures and their applications. 

The application fluency capabilities of our products continue to be critical to the important partnerships we have built 
with global application solution providers like Microsoft and Oracle. In addition, the modular architecture of TMOS 
has enabled the continue expansion of our solution modules and a significant increase in our addressable market. More 
than 30% of our sales last quarter were heavily influenced by solution modules, such as ASM, our application security 
module; Edge and APM, our optimized secure access and policy modules; as well as our WAN acceleration and 
optimization module solutions. Nearly all of these solution modules were derived from the technology acquisitions we 
have made over the last few years. 

During the quarter our virtual appliance strategy continued to have a positive impact on sales. In just a year since we 
introduced our virtualization of BIG-IP for local traffic management, we will have added six new virtual appliances. 
These virtual appliances have been instrumental in driving trial and broader adoption of F5 solutions within new parts 
of enterprise organizations, service providers and different geographies. 

During Q2, we also introduced our virtualization of our ARX product. In addition we launched ARX Cloud Extender 
and we are seeing growing interest from customers and channel partners in both these solutions. Within the next six 
months, we plan to introduce two new ARX platforms which will significantly enhance the price performance of the 
ARX solutions. We are confident that our recent and future product introductions will continue to enhance our 
competitive position, which is the strongest it has ever been. 

In particular, we believe that Victoria, our mid-range chassis platform, and TMOS version 11 will be well accepted by 
the market. Victoria will provide significant price performance advantages, increase solution flexibility, and enhance 
availability capabilities with the chassis-based architecture. 

TMOS version 11 includes over 150 new sophisticated management and scalability features to enhance data center 
consolidation and cloud architectures. Version 11 also includes new application visibility and management features, 
specific solutions for the telco market, and significant software and firmware performance enhancements to many of 
our software modules. 

As far as the overall business outlook is concerned, I feel very confident about our prospect for the second half of the 
fiscal year. The key drivers for our business, including data center consolidation, virtualization, cloud-based services, 
the growth of mobile applications and data, and the increasing requirement for sophisticated application security 
solutions all continue to produce a strong and expanding market opportunity for F5 products. 

In the context of several global macroeconomic issues, we delivered solid sequential and year-over-year revenue 
growth in Q2. Until those issues are resolved, however, we believe it is prudent to remain cautious in the short term. 
We are anticipating a sequential decline in Japan and I believe we have included an appropriately conservative 
assumption for the Japan business in our Q3 guidance. 

Nevertheless, as our guidance indicates, we expect to continue to grow revenue sequentially in Q3. During the 
remainder of FY11, we are confident our market opportunities, our competitive position, our technology leadership and 
our ability to maintain and expand that leadership position will enable us to achieve solid sequential and year-over-year 
revenue gains. As a result, we plan to continue hiring to further strengthen our sales and marketing service and 
development organization and enhance our prospects for future growth. 

In conclusion I would like to thank the F5 team, our partners and our customers for their support last quarter, and will 
now pass the call over for Q&A. 


Q&A 

Operator 

We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] One moment please for your first question. 

<A - John McAdam>: Hello? 

Operator 

Your first question comes from Brian Marshall [Gleacher & Company]. Your line is open. 

<Q - Brian Marshall>: Great. Thanks guys, nice quarter. I had a question with regards to, if you could just update us 
with respect to your share as well as penetration gains across your various geographies. I think in the past you have 
given some metrics with regards to Fortune 500, FT 500, et cetera, and I was wondering if you could just update us on 
those quickly. 

<A - John McAdam, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Yeah, we are in just above 60% of the 
Fortune 500. As we've said many times, it's not just about selling products into these companies, it's about becoming 
the preferred supplier, making sure that we get multi-million dollar accounts. But that obviously gives us still a good 
inroad to penetrate more accounts. 

Last quarter, we had two very big wins – last quarter into Fortune 50-type companies, where they were pretty sizable in 
value, but more importantly, we expect to see increased business over the next few years, so very much that's a big 
focus on what we're doing. 

<Q - Brian Marshall>: And John, if you look at the FT 500, is that basically about half of where you are with the 
Fortune 500 here in the states? 

<A - John McAdam, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Yeah, probably a little higher is what I'm 
hearing. 

<Q - Brian Marshall>: A little higher than half? 

<A - John McAdam, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Yeah. 

<Q - Brian Marshall>: Okay great. And then a final question is with respect to sizing the opportunity for Victoria, can 
you help us think about how many SMB clients actually require a chassis-based architecture? If you can give some 
granularity that would be great. Thanks. 

<A - John McAdam, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Yeah, well, first of all, I personally believe 
that Victoria is going to be a pretty hot product. We're looking to release that in the coming quarter. It will actually be 
released. In fact, maybe Kyle can give some details about it in a second. It's not into the SMB market. It's into our 
existing market which is large enterprises and the verticals that we talk about. But the beauty about it is the price of it is 
now in the mid-range of our pricing range, and it's got all the benefits of increased performance and the chassis 
architecture, which allows you to add more modules, and there's a lot of high availability and CMP type facilities. Karl, 
do you want to add? 

<A - Karl Triebes>: Yeah, I'll just add to that. We'll be releasing Victoria, as John mentioned, this quarter. We're 
releasing actually on version 10 in front of our v11 release. And one of the reasons we're doing that is to help facilitate 
adoption by our current customer base which largely is now qualified in v10 in their environment, and so moving that 
forward. However, when v11 shows up, it will support all of the new modularity with VCMP as well as our new 
centralized management structure so that customers can now better manage resources, they can support multi-tenancy, 
it just gives them more granular control and better scalability for their environments. 


<Q - Brian Marshall>: Great. Thanks guys, nice quarter. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Jess Lubert [Wells Fargo]. 

<Q - Jess Lubert>: Thank you for taking my question, and congratulations on a nice quarter. Can you maybe start off 
by quantifying the impact of Japan in the March quarter? 

<A - John McAdam, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Really it's what we said. They had 
tremendous linearity, which I think helped dramatically. I think it was outstanding the resilience our F5 Japan team 
showed and the resilience that they showed throughout the quarter. We think we're in very good shape there. We have 
taken a conservative view in terms of this quarter, and we feel good about that. We actually had a conference call on 
Monday evening with the Japan team, so I think it's very much in control. 

<Q - Jess Lubert>: And then John can you maybe comment on the pipeline and the close rates embedded in the 
outlook last quarter? You mentioned that the pipeline was bigger than the previous quarter and that you had embedded 
close rates below those they experienced the previous, you know, three quarters, I believe. Can you maybe talk about 
how you are thinking about those metrics heading into 


<A - John McAdam, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: It's a similar approach. We think we've 
taken a conservative view of close rates for this current quarter as well. 

<Q - Jess Lubert>: And then just the last question on the service provider business, it looks like revenue there declined 
sequentially. Can you help us understand what drove the sequential decline and how you're thinking about that business 
going forward? Was this a surprise? 

<A - John McAdam, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: A little bit of a surprise, but let me pass it 
over to Mark and he'll go through the service provider. 

<A - Mark Anderson>: Yeah, hey, this is Mark Anderson. I think if we look at the drop in telco as expressed as a 
percentage, it was primarily in the U.S. We had – there was a couple – especially a couple of U.S. providers are 
focusing on building out LTE. And of course you know, we kind of come in after the radio access network and the core 
network deployment for new network builds like this. So we're expecting a lot of benefit from these particular 
customers that have built out these networks. 

I think the other thing you have to recognize is our sales growth in – for cloud infrastructure providers was really triple 
digits year-over-year. Companies like Rackspace, salesforce.com, Microsoft Azure, the growth was pretty impressive 
there, deals much bigger. So we see them building out. We actually don't call these guys telco in this percentage. 

And then finally, you know, our managed service providers, many of whom are telco customers, our penetration into 
the sell-through business to them was pretty dramatically up as well. So they are acting as a very efficient and 
productive channel. 

<Q - Jess Lubert>: Would the expectation be for sequential growth through the second half of the year in telco? 

<A - John McAdam, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: For the second half of the year, most likely. 

<Q - Jess Lubert>: All right, thanks, guys. 

<A - John McAdam, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from John Slack [Citigroup]. Your line is open. 


<Q - John Slack>: Yeah, kind of following up on the first question on Victoria. Is there any – I think we hit on it last 
quarter as well – is there any concern about potential Osborne effect and then maybe if it's a mid-range pricing, you 
know, cannibalization of higher end platforms and 8900s that are going out? 

<A - John McAdam, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: We feel we've really got the whole Osborne 
effect very much in control. We actually, for example we did the American operation's quarterly business review on 
Monday and we spent a number of hours on this, and we're very comfortable that forecasting and information that they 
are giving us won't be affected by any slow-down because of Victoria. Having said that, you know, I did say earlier, 
our plan is to ship this quarter – Victoria this quarter, so we do expect to see revenue as well. 

<Q - John Slack>: Okay, great. 

<A - John McAdam, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: What was the second part? 

<Q - John Slack>: Oh, just potential cannibalization given the price performance? 

<A - John McAdam, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: It's a classic case of, you know, you 
increase the price performance, but as you are doing that, your traffic is increasing, your complexity is increasing. 
Don't see any major issues there at all. 

<Q - John Slack>: Great. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Brent Bracelin [Pacific Crest Securities]. Your line is open. 

<Q - Brent Bracelin>: Thank you. I guess first question for John, Karl, perhaps. You talked about Victoria adding 
some telco-specific features, could you maybe talk a little bit about how that is being received in the telco space? And 
as a follow-on, the Centaur platform that you guys referenced at the Analyst Day, does that also help improve your 
positioning in the telco space? And then one follow-up on product gross margins. 

<A - Karl Triebes>: All the telco features we're talking about in v11, most are driven by the customer base itself. And 
a lot of these were initially iRules that our SEs implemented on site. I mean, hundreds of iRules in some cases that 
we've gone and productized. And there are some other things that we have, say IPv6 to do some hardening and 
qualification, things like DNS64, and there's a bunch of areas on the network side that were making it easier for the 
telco guys to adopt the platforms. But, there's a lot of work also going on at iRules. It's broad attack, and it's not just 
any one feature we're talking about for telco for the release. So we think it makes it easier. With Centaur, that's on track 
with our internal project schedules. The performance is looking where we expect it to be with that. And we're 
continuing to roll forward with that. It doubles up the performance of the existing PB200 blades on the chassis, and our 
customers are looking for that. 

<Q - Brent Bracelin>: That's helpful. 

<A - John McAdam, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Yeah, and the big verticals for that will be 
telco, they'll be like dot-com, social networking, the large internet traffic sites. 

<Q - Brent Bracelin>: Perfect. And then last question for me, on the product gross margin side, just looking back, it 
looks like over the last I think five quarters you have had sequential improvement – consecutive sequential 
improvement in the product gross margin. You talked about increasing attach rates on the ASM and APM and the 
WAN Op side of things, how should we think about product gross margins going forward, Andy, could we have an 
upward bias here even going forward above the 83% level because of the loading factor on these modules? 

<A - Andy Reinland>: Yeah, you are right on. Software attach rates were strong and helped in particular this quarter, 
as well as some cost efficiencies on the box side. 


You know, going forward, what I would say is probably what you normally hear us say is we're constantly going to be 
looking at how we can improve overall gross margin, pushing software attach rates, supply chain, design issues, et 
cetera, and we'll continue to do that with the goal of having flexibility in the business model to reinvest in the business 
and drive the top line. But as we look at it, obviously we're at pretty high levels right now and it gets harder, but we'll 
continue to pound at it and work to improve those rates. 

<Q - Brent Bracelin>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

Operator 

The next question comes from Mark Sue [RBC Capital]. Your line is open. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Thank you. John are there some customers where you have reached saturation who may be saying "I 
have more than I need"? And the second part of that question would be, do you feel that since you are now the 
dominant player, your rate of market share gain starts to slow? And I'm asking because having done 35% growth in a 
tough environment and I wouldn't expect an uptick by the telcos later on, should we kind of still think of 35% growth 
for the next several quarters? 

<A - John McAdam, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: I knew you would sneak the last bit in, and 
we won't be talking about that. We only do that quarterly, but in terms of the first two questions, I feel very strongly 
about our ability that once we penetrate a Fortune 500 account that we can see increased business. We can see an 
increase in the application of those solutions as well, and all the data we have got shows that we start off and we 
continually increase. So I don't see account saturation anywhere within our customer base. I think it's the opposite. You 
know, for example, we had a very large transaction last year that was pretty significant in size that we talked about 
publicly. We have done a lot of business in that account since. It is quite typical. And the second part of the question 


<Q - Mark Sue>: You think your market share... 

<A - John McAdam, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Oh, yes. I think we make the market 
significantly. I think that's why we're hiring aggressively. We talk a lot about something we felt strongly about for a 
number of years that we've got great market opportunity and at the geography level, the vertical level, and account level 
we think it's pretty underpenetrated, and that's how I see the growth coming. That may come at the cost of removing 
incumbents. And it is – and we do that every quarter. But the real thing for me is execution by good hiring and 
maintaining technology leadership. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Okay, so John, qualitatively with the telcos still pushed back, which points to a strong uptick in the 
second part of the year, and what your customers are telling you, does it feel like you are reaching a reacceleration in 
the business? 

<A - John McAdam, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Yeah, I'm not going to say that. You heard 
us, Mark, saying that I think we're being reasonably cautious, given the macro environment. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Right. 

<A - John McAdam, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: And we really are, and we're looking at a 
quarter at a time, quite frankly from a business perspective. Obviously we have a view on what we think we can do 
next year, and we'll talk about that at the appropriate time. But, no, I think we're in good shape. I think we're on a road 
now. I'm very excited about Victoria, and I'm very excited about version 11 and some of the other products upcoming. 
So if we can hire properly, we will continue to grow. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you, and good luck, gentlemen. 

<A - John McAdam, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from Alex Henderson [Miller Tabak]. Your line is open. 

<Q - Alex Henderson>: Thanks. I wanted to go back and look at the telco segment a little bit more. 

Normally you would expect it to be down sequentially from calendar 4Q to fiscal 2Q here, calendar 1Q. So to the 
extent that that is the normal pattern, and it actually didn't decline very much, we're still going back and looking at that 
drop off of the 25% that you did in the fiscal fourth quarter, calendar third quarter. So can you give us a little bit more 
granularity on what is going on there, particularly in the U.S. market? There's obviously a lot of discussion about issues 
within Verizon in particular that have been out on the tape. Any willingness to address whether your relationships with 
any of the top tier 1s have altered over the course of the last couple of quarters? 

<A - John McAdam, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Yeah, on that last part, definitely no. We 
feel really good about opportunities with the existing large U.S. telcos, and I'm including everybody in that, obviously 
Verizon, AT&T. We think we're in a good position, and will continue to be in a good position. One of the things that 
we have talked about internally is that remember, we tend to lag infrastructure-type spending. You know, so if you are 
building a big LTE, until it gets ready to actually go in to operation, it's really – we tend to lag that in terms of 
spending, and I think there are issues there. There are some big projects out there. We're not giving timescales on those, 
but they are out there, you are going to see some lumpiness. Maybe Dan, do you want to talk about some of the 
solutions that you see? 

<A - Dan Matte>: Yeah, absolutely, Alex. This is Dan. You might remember, back in November actually we put an 
announcement out really targeted at the service provider segment, introducing the notion of service-delivery 
networking, and there are really sort of four big things that were part of it. 

One, we're talking about how we're doing policy-based traffic steering with our products. So just based on the 
knowledge of the traffic that we have, how service providers can use information on who the users are, where they are 
coming from, what they are up to, and use that to create and apply policies against it to either create new services, new 
lines of business for themselves, or drive costs down. That's sort of one big thing, we're seeing a lot of that around. 

The second one is scaling IP services, and Karl touched on this a little bit earlier. But as these guys are faced with just 
monstrous amounts of traffic growing and growing every quarter, they are looking for more efficient ways to deal with 
it. So a great example is something simple like network address translation, where our systems are able to do them at 
about a third of the cost of doing it in a firewall, which is traditionally how some of the service providers have been 
doing it. 

Third place would be IPv6, being able to support that easily in conjunction with an IPv4 infrastructure, so our gear let's 
them do both simultaneously and easily. And then the last area I guess would be sort of improving user experience and 
improving security as well. So an example there would be people using us to secure the DNS infrastructure and act as 
the front door for applications and services that they provide out there, and it's massively important. Not all that sexy 
sometimes. But it's susceptible to things like denial-of-service attacks and now with people starting to roll out support 
for DNSSEC to better support their DNS infrastructure, we give them ways to do that very, very easily. So we're seeing 
a lot of activity across all those fronts, not only in the U.S. but around the world, so I'm pretty amped up about it. 

<Q - Alex Henderson>: So 


<A - Mark Anderson>: This is Mark. So the other thing to remember is we've increased the size of the team pretty 
nicely in the last year all around the world. And we're getting a lot more traction into other telco verticals like fixed 
wire line as well as cable. And last quarter was a particularly good quarter for cable. 

<Q - Alex Henderson>: So just, so I can get my hands around this LTE issue. So do you have comments from the 
service providers that are in the process of deploying the LTE that are indicating to you that as they get that LTE 
deployment in place that that would result in a commensurate pickup in business through to F5, or is this speculation 
that's, you know, more soft in nature? 


<A - John McAdam, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: No, no. We feel pretty strongly that it's a 
big opportunity for us, as advanced technologies like that, like LTE get installed, traffic increases, the need to do 
complex work on that traffic, that's what our products do, so that's – you know, we feel pretty good about that being a 
big opportunity. 

<Q - Alex Henderson>: So the tier 1s are telling you once they get the radios in place that they will be doing this very 
quickly afterwards then? 

<A - John McAdam, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: You used the word very quickly, that is a 
big opportunity for us. 

<Q - Alex Henderson>: Okay. And then last question: can you give us some sense of what the percentage of pull 
through associated with the VMware and some of the other partners like VMware in the quarter – how did that translate 
into demand this quarter? 

<A - Dan Matte>: Yeah, Alex, this is Dan again. Obviously it continues to be very, very strong for us. We've said 
historically sort of more than half our business has been influenced by that. We look, VMware continues to be very, 
very strong. Microsoft continues to be very, very strong, as well as things like the Exchange 2010 rollouts, that are still 
just in their infancy for people. And Oracle as well had a great pull through for us last quarter as well. So we continue 
to be very, very pleased on that front. 

<Q - Alex Henderson>: Super, I'll cede the floor. Thank you very much. 

<A - John McAdam, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Kent Schofield [Goldman Sachs]. Your line is open. 

<Q - Kent Schofield>: Thank you. Can you talk a little bit about operating margins going forward, especially in light 
of some of the head count additions that you're talking about making? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Yes, last quarter I believe we affirmed that 
we saw between 37% and 38% pretty much for the rest of the year, and we continue to believe we'll be in those ranges, 
so I see no reason to change that. 

<A - John McAdam, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Yeah, our challenge is hiring. It's – we 
were critical last quarter, we have every intention of pushing it forward this quarter, especially in development. I mean 
it's a tough hiring area. 

We're doing very well in service, we're doing very well in sales. But development is a tough environment. So that's 
more of our focus, actually on a basis than looking at the overall expansion. I think that we feel very good about. We 
have got that in great shape. It's really getting the hires in the door. 

<Q - Kent Schofield>: Sure, and any change in the trend in terms of versus sales and marketing or versus R&D as you 
look at head count? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Yeah, no, it's panned out to be pretty 
consistent with how we have said, you know, roughly 40% sales and marketing, and then 30-ish percent for R&D and 
services, and our hiring patterns continue to follow in line with that. 

<Q - Kent Schofield>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 


Your next question comes from Jason Ader [William Blair]. Your line is open. 

<Q - Jason Ader>: This is two quarters in a row now where you have just met the revenue guidance after many 
quarters in a row of beating pretty handily. So I just have two questions on that. Number one, do you feel like you are 
going through some digestion? I know you talked about seasonality last quarter. But any comments on this quarter, 
whether there was maybe some digestion of purchases as things really snap back after the recession? And secondly, do 
you feel more confident that you'll be able to beat guidance in Q3, and if so, what drives that? 

<A - John McAdam, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Yeah, I'm not going to answer this directly, 
Jason, but I'll give you some feelings as to how we're viewing things. If you look at last quarter, clearly I did see 
EMEA was below our internal expectations, and obviously we had the issues in Japan. I don't want to hide behind 
those, but they did happen, and both obviously a surprise; one a very big one, of course for the disaster in Japan. We as 
a company have exceeded many more times than we have been in the range. And sometimes we have been below the 
range, but we have exceeded more than we have. We like to think we have a realistic forecast, but a forecast that is 
realistic but beatable. And we'll see, we'll see how we take it from here. 

<Q - Jason Ader>: And what drives it for Q3 if you end up exceeding, what would be the key variables there? 

<A - John McAdam, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: We would beat the forecast that was taken 
for guidance. Sorry to be flippant, but it's sales, sales execution. 

<Q - Jason Ader>: Is there a specific product or geography that you can to point to 


<A - John McAdam, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: No, I'm not going to get any more granular 
than that. We've given our guidance, and that's the guidance that we think is realistic. 

<Q - Jason Ader>: Okay, and the last question for me on Federal it sounded like it was pretty much in line with your 
expectations. Is that fair? And what do you see out of Federal budgets going forward? Is that an area of concern for 
you, or do you feel pretty good about where things are? 

<A - John McAdam, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: First of all, I think it's a fair statement that 
Federal, Federal had what we consider a very good quarter this quarter. And, you know, delivered, and we have a great 
team there. We have been talking about this for a couple of years now and some new management building up the 
team. We have been investing in Federal. We feel that we've got very good visibility on the projects and the project 
wins. Clearly there is always some issues on timing, and you have to manage through that. But I think we are in good 
shape. 

<A - Mark Anderson>: And Jason, remember, a lot of our deals are being sold in to the programs. So we're selling to 
big systems integrators that have contracts with the Department of Defense and civilian agencies. So there's still risk 
with continuing resolution, but I think a little bit less risk, because we're selling in to programs. 

<Q - Jason Ader>: Okay. Very good. Thank you. 

<A - John McAdam, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Brian Modoff [Deutsche Bank]. Your line is open. 

<Q>: Yes, hello, Andy, John, this is Vijay on behalf of Brian. I have – yeah, hi – just a quick question and a follow-up. 
The question is around them and the several TAM expansion use cases you mentioned, IPv6, [ph] develop (41:19) 2.0, 
[ph] guys (41:21) SSL, web application security, et cetera. What is your view in terms of how will these TAM 
expansion opportunities drive growth with this year and next? 

And then the follow-up is on TMOS 11. You know, any thoughts on timing of that? And would TMOS 11 also have an 
accompanying platform refresh cycle in addition to the software upgrades? 


<A - John McAdam, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Just on the last part of the question, and 
maybe Dan can address the initial stages of the question. On TMOS version 11, the count is for next quarter. So if you 
remember what we said, what Kyle said was to Victoria we are planning to ship it this current quarter, but running 
version 10. 

That I think is a very good move, because typically the reason you will see delays in uptakes of platforms is because 
customers are very wary of taking new operating systems. In the past with version 10 and version 9 it was really about 
a year-plus that the buildup for the operating system. We'll see that with version 11. So that's basically – the plan is to 
get that in Q4. 

<A - Dan Matte>: Vijay, as far as the TAM goes, think back at our Investor Day, we laid out how we're pushing in to 
other market opportunities, and whether it's just by way of new modules and functionality that we're driving in to our 
products or some new markets that we're just starting to penetrate. I think as John said before, in addressing the 
saturation question out there, that is not something that keeps us up at night. We're seeing interesting uses come 
through on things like with our virtual additions of our products even getting deployed in both places within the 
enterprise and geographies that we probably wouldn't touch if it were up to simply feet on the street. So all in all I think 
we're in pretty good shape there. 

<Q>: Perfect. I think my question was more in terms of how would you relate the TAM expansion use cases to 
meaningful growth for this fiscal year and next? Are these TAM expansion opportunities meaningful enough that it can 
drive growth or not yet? 

<A - Karl Triebes>: Just to give you an example, Vijay, this is Karl. On the security side of the product, we've been 
doing a lot of work to focus on that. ASM has been driving a lot of our module revenue, but it is also driving a lot of 
the awareness security features of the products. So we're having a lot of customers now that suffered through the 
denial-of-service attack that happened with the WikiLeaks, looking at our security features in a different light and 
deploying these in lieu of the traditional firewalls. And so we see a major opportunity there. We have another new 
module that John talked about in his script, AVR, application visibility reporting module, that gives [audio gap] (44:05) 
into the performance of applications not only at the data center site but also as they are rendered on the client. So we 
have new opportunities, both in visibility security as well as the telco features and everything else that we talked about 
that we have a lot of confidence that expands that total addressable market for us. 

<Q>: Thank you. Very helpful. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Troy Jensen [Piper Jaffray]. Your line is open. 

<Q - Troy Jensen>: Congrats on a nice quarter, gentlemen. Hey, so end of the quarter, there was a lot of chatter about 
aggressive sales tactics. It did not show up in your DSOs, so I was just wondering if you could make some comments 
on linearity in the quarter. 

<A - John McAdam, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: I'm looking over here at Mark first of all, 
but I would like to think we have always got aggressive sales tactics. That's what we're supposed to do. But I don't 
think it was anything different this quarter from previous. 

<Q - Troy Jensen>: What about linearity then? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: The linearity was a little higher than our 
50% third-month normal. But if you go back a year ago, it was very consistent with March a year ago, so we didn't see 
anything abnormal to us. And also on the aggressiveness, I would highlight our discounting was right in line with what 
we have historically seen. For the most part, deal by deal, it was business as usual. 


<Q - Troy Jensen>: And how about another one for Andy here. Service gross margins actually declined looks like 90 
basis points here sequentially. Kind of the first time we've seen a big drop. Was that just hiring related? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: It was to some extent hiring but more so 
payroll taxes kicking in in the first quarter took our overall expenses up there. 

<Q - Troy Jensen>: Okay, that's it. 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: And we knew we had the offset on the 
product side for consistent overall margins, so. 

<Q - Troy Jensen>: And then last one and then I'll jump off here, you said you are modeling conservative for Japan 
here into the June quarter. Is conservative down 5% sequentially? Is it down 20% sequentially? Could you just kind of 
give us a range of where you think it's going to be? 

<A - John McAdam, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: I don't want to be specific. It's down 
sequentially, and it's down year-over-year. 

<Q - Troy Jensen>: Okay. That's helpful. Keep up the good work, guys. 

<A - John Eldridge>: Hey, Ashley, this is John Eldridge. We're going to take one more question and then end the call. 

Operator 

Your last question comes from Ryan Hutchinson [Lazard]. Your line is open. 

<Q - Ryan Hutchinson>: Okay great. Thanks for squeezing me in. I just had a question on the product and services 
split. It looks like it's actually come in on the product side below consensus estimates for a couple quarters, so I'm just – 
I know you don't like to give specifics for the out quarter, but maybe if you could provide a little more color on the split 
between product and service for the next quarter, specifically if services should grow faster than product on a 
sequential basis? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Yeah, you know, we don't break it out on 
a go-forward basis, Ryan. But I will say to you our focus is all about driving product growth, and that's the key to our 
business and what our focus is on. So we'll be pushing for that as we execute through the rest of the year. 

<Q - Ryan Hutchinson>: Okay great. Thank you. 

John Eldridge, Head, Investor Relations 

Thank you all for joining us on the call. We look forward to catching up with you throughout the quarter and talking to 
you again next quarter. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


