Q3 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• John Eldridge, Investor Relations 
• Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer 
• John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Jason Ader 
• John Macadam 
• Jason Adder 
• Dan Matte 
• Mark Sue 
• Ryan Hutchinson 
• Mark Anderson 
• Brent Bracelin 
• Jeff Kvaal 
• Alex Henderson 
• Brian Marshall 
• Troy Jensen 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon, and welcome to the F5 Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all parties will 
be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion. Also, today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has 
any objections, please disconnect at this time. 

I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Eldridge, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin. 

John Eldridge, Investor Relations 

Thank you, Tamara. Welcome to our conference call for the third fiscal quarter – for the third quarter of fiscal 2009. 
The speakers on today's call are John McAdam, President and CEO, and Andy Reinland, Senior VP and Chief Finance 
Officer. 

The other members of our executive team are also with us to answer questions following our prepared comments. If 
you have questions following today's call, please direct them to me at 206-272-6571. 

If you don't have a copy of today's press release, it is available on our website. In addition, you can access an archived 
version of today's live webcast from the Events Calendar page of our website through October 21. From 4:30 PM today 
until midnight Pacific Time July 23, you can also listen to a telephone replay at 866-470-8793 or 203-369-1493. 

During today's call, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements, which include words, such as believe, 
anticipate, expect and target. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our 


actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. Factors that may affect our 
results are summarized in our quarterly release, described in detail in our SEC filings. Please note that F5 has no duty 
to update any information presented in this call. 

Now I'll turn the call over to Reinland. 

Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer 

Thank you, John. Revenue for the third quarter of fiscal 2009 was 158.2 million, above our guided range of 148 to 157 
million. GAAP EPS of $0.29 per diluted share was above our guided range of 22 to $0.25. Excluding stock-based 
compensation expense, non-GAAP EPS of $0.40 per diluted share was also above our guidance of 35 to $0.38. 

Product revenue of 95.6 million represented 60% of total revenue. Service revenue of 62.6 million accounted for 40%. 
Our book-to-bill for the quarter was greater than one. 

On a geographic basis, the Americas represented 56% of total revenue, EMEA accounted for 23%, APAC 13% and 
Japan 8%. Revenue from our core application delivery networking business was 147.9 million and accounted for 93% 
of total revenue. Revenue from our ARX file virtualization products was 5 million, up sequentially from Q2 and 
accounted for 3% of total revenue. At 5.4 million, revenue from FirePass was down from Q2 and also, represented 3% 
of total revenue. 

During Q3, telco was our strongest vertical at 25% of total revenue. The financial sector accounted for 21%, 
technology 17% and U.S Federal 5%, total government was 10%. 

During Q3, Avnet Technologies was our only greater than 10% distributor at 15.2% of total revenue. 

Moving down the income statement. GAAP gross margin in Q3 was 78.7%; excluding approximately 1.2 million of 
stock-based compensation expense, non-GAAP gross margin was 79.5%. 

GAAP operating expenses of 93.3 million were within our target range of 89 to 95 million. Non-GAAP operating 
expenses, which exclude 11.3 million of stock-based compensation expense, were 81.9 million. GAAP operating 
margin was 19.8%; non-GAAP operating margin, which excludes stock-based compensation expense was 27.7%. Our 
GAAP effective tax rate was 33.7%. Excluding stock-based compensation, our non-GAAP effective tax rate was 
31.9%. On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with 538 million in cash and investments. 

Cash flow from operations was 46.2 million. Also during the quarter, we repurchased 464,000 shares of our common 
stock for $15.9 million. Accounts receivable DSO ended the period at 52 days. Inventories at quarter-end were 13.6 
million. Deferred revenue increase 6% from the prior quarter to 169.9 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were 

1.8 million and depreciation and amortization expense was 6.2 million. We ended the quarter with approximately 1,605 
employees, flat with Q2. 
Moving onto the outlook. While we continue to be cautious in analyzing and managing our business in the current 
environment, we are encouraged by our Q3 results and the prospects for Q4. We're targeting Q4 revenue in the range of 
160 to 164 million. We expect GAAP gross margin in the 78 to 79% range. This includes approximately $1 million of 
stock-based compensation expense. We anticipate GAAP operating expenses in the range of 96 to 100 million. This 
includes approximately 14.5 million of stock-based compensation expense. 

Our GAAP EPS target is 26 to $0.28 per diluted share. Excluding stock compensation, our non-GAAP EPS target is 40 
to $0.42 per diluted share. We are forecasting an effective tax rate of 35%. Excluding stock-based compensation, we 
expect a non-GAAP effective tax rate of 33%. 

We plan to increase our head count by 25 to 50 employees in the current quarter. We estimate DSOs will be in the 
mid-50 day range, we expect inventory levels within a range of 13 to 15 million. And we believe our cash flow from 
operations will be in excess of $50 million. 


With that, I will turn the call over to John McAdam. 

John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Andy, and good afternoon, everyone. Overall, I was very pleased with our performance in the quarter. All our 
key financial metrics were positive when compared to the previous two quarters. We delivered sequential quarterly 
revenue growth, and more importantly, we saw a sequential increase in product revenue growth in both our core ADC 
business and our ARX business. 

We remain convinced that our ADC products occupy strategic real estate within the data center and offer a compelling 
ROI for our customers. We also believe that our ARX file virtualization products offer an equally attractive ROI by 
optimizing file-based storage environments. We continue to produce solid operating profits with a sequential increase 
in non-GAAP operating margins to almost 28%, and generate strong cash from operations above $45 million. 

From a geography perspective, our North American operations had a very good quarter, producing solid sequential 
growth across most of the regions. Asia-Pacific operations had a solid quarter, and Japan was also slightly above our 
expectations during the seasonally weak first fiscal quarter. 

Overall, EMEA operations were flat from the previous quarter, but we did see some weakness in our U.K. operations as 
a few relatively large transactions failed to close during the quarter. 

Our services business yet again produced sequential growth with another sizable increase in deferred revenue. From a 
product perspective, we were very satisfied with the acceptance of our new ADC product by our customers. We have 
seen positive results across the product line from the entry-level product, up to and including our flagship VIPRION 
products. Our new software release of TMOS version 10 has also been very well received, and we believe that v10 has 
significantly increased our competitive leadership in our core ADC market. 

Our new Data Manager solution in the file virtualization space is also proving to be very popular with our customers 
and partners. Data Manager also discovers key attributes of a heterogeneous file storage environment, and presents a 
comprehensive view of how files are being used, allowing our customers to quickly see how they can optimize their 
environment. 

Customers can get a detailed look into the file storage environment, including which file types are being created, who is 
creating them, how quickly files age, and which resources the files consume. And the overall product roadmap includes 
a number of very exciting new product in software development, many of which are specifically designed for data 
center architectures of the future, as we see continued movement to wide scale consolidation, leveraging virtualization 
technologies and cloud-based architectures. 

Our plan includes new products leveraging our clustered multi-processing architecture, an upgrade to the VIPRION 
blade with significantly improved performance and a host of new software functionality. As far as the current outlook 
is concerned, Andy indicated that we expect to see continued sequential growth in fiscal Q4. Q4 tends to be seasonally 
strong in American operations, including our federal business. We expect Japan and Asia-Pacific to produce sequential 
growth over last quarter, and EMEA to be seasonally flat to maybe slightly down. 

We expect our services business to be up against sequentially driven by the healthy gain and deferred revenue last 
quarter. We plan to invest in the future as we see revenue growth returning, mainly in sales, services and product 
development head count. However, we will maintain our cautious approach on investment and our plan is to invest 
behind revenue as we have done in the past. 

Given our current range of revenue guidance, we would expect operating margins to be flat to slightly up in Q4 from 
last quarter. As we have done in the past, we will update our longer term planning assumptions on our annual call on 
October. 

As I stated earlier, we are convinced that F5 products play a strategic role in data center architectures both now and in 
the future. We enjoy a significant market leadership position in the overall application delivery networking market. Our 


balance sheet and cash position remains very strong. We continue to be cautious given the formidable challenges with 
the global economy, but also believe that as the economy improves, we will experience accelerated growth in our 
business given our significant market and technology leadership positions. 

I would like to thank the entire F5 team and their partners for their efforts in Q3, and with that we'll hand the call over 
for Q&A. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jason Ader with William Blair. You may ask your 
question. 

<Q - Jason Ader>: Yes, thank you. John, given the strong results for the quarter and the guidance, is it fair to say that 
you are kind of back on track with kind of the normal backlog in the business? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: In terms of the – do you mean the pipeline Jason, the 
pipeline of business? 

<Q - Jason Ader>: Well, no. I mean, the actual backlog where you have bookings, but you haven't shipped it yet. And 
I know historically – F5 historically has had some level of backlog. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, I understand. We don't give that specific data. 
We obviously will do that at the end of the year. But the book-to-bill, the product book-to-bill was up last quarter. In 
terms of the pipeline, we feel pretty good about that actually. 

<Q - Jason Ader>: Okay. And then on the head count, you said you are going to add 25 to 50 people. I mean, do you 
feel understaffed right now? How are your overall feeling about the business? And I guess, just try to get a sense, I 
know you said you're going to invest behind revenue. But are we talking about kind of a near-term highpoint in the 
operating margin around 28%-ish and then next year we start to dip down again as you invest? Or is it just going to be 
dependent on revenue next year in terms of how you think about that investment? 

<A - John Macadam>: Yeah, First of all, I don't think we're understaffed at all. Obviously, we expect to recruit, as 
we've said between 25 and 50 this quarter. If you look at the productivity levels anybody can do that looking at the 
number of people we have got in the company and the revenues, you could argue that there is definitely room for 
productivity increases and that's what we expect. But having said that, we still see opportunities in places like the 
emerging markets, some of the big account areas, federal. So, we are still going to increase, but we don't think we're – 
we've got any significant under investing going on. 

<Q - Jason Adder>: Okay. So, the operating margins for next year, I guess it's too early to say, but 


<A - John Macadam>: Yes, we will talk about that in October. But having said that, I think it's very likely that you 
will see us in the same modus operandi, which is investing behind revenue. 

<Q - Jason Adder>: Okay. Great. Thanks, thanks, guys. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Modoff with Deutsche Bank. You may ask your question. 

<Q>: Yeah, hi John this is Vijay Ragavan calling on behalf of Brain. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hi. 


<Q>: You know just two questions, the first is in terms of any thoughts on your partnership strategy and how you 
would like to leverage your partners from a go-to-market perspective for both ARX and the application networking 
portfolio? And then the next question is around the competitive outlook. How do you see kind of the relative 
competitive position versus Cisco, Citrix, Riverbed and others. 

<A - Dan Matte>: Yeah, sure Vijay. This Dan Matte speaking. 

<Q>: Yes, hi Dan. 

<A - Dan Matte>: As far as the partnership piece goes on the application networking delivery network in ARX, yeah, 
really we've been pretty consistent. So, we're going to do more of what we have been doing. So, been working with 
some large partners, the HPs and the IBMs and folks like that around the world, Dell of course, has been a very 
consistent partner for us over the years. And then, as well as far as our reseller partners go, you may have seen we 
revamped our partner program probably about 45 days or 60 days ago and we think that that will actually help improve 
our position with our partners out there on the application delivery networking front. 

On the ARX, the file virtualization standpoint, really what we've been doing is, actually focusing in North America, 
especially on a smaller number of partners who are more specialists in the field and really helping to work to make 
them the experts in North America at this technology. And so, again, that's a fairly new effort out there, and I look 
forward to great things from them. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And regarding the competitive landscape, this is John, 
I mean, first of all, in our core market, the ADC market, we believe we've got a really strong competitive position, 
especially with the new products that we just refreshed. I mentioned the roadmap which we'll get through in October 
and November in some more detail, but that's also pretty exciting as well, along with v10 and the software upgrades 
that we've done there. Cisco and Citrix remain the main players. We've really haven't seen much change there. We did 
our business review with the North American sales management on Monday. And in fact, arguably we've seen that 
competitive side actually drop slightly. So, no major change in the competitive environment and we feel pretty good 
about it. And I think that is reflected as well in the high margins that you're seeing and the high margins we're 
forecasting. 

<Q>: I guess if I could ask a follow-up, John? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. 

<Q>: I think in terms of the cloud, John, I mean, do you see that kind of as a net new opportunity or it's more of an 
extension of the data center opportunity you've been pursuing? I mean, maybe you could answer that question in the 
context of your portfolio? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, I think it's both actually. So, it's certainly an 
extension of what we're doing in the sense that tends to – the architecture look like the large data – a consolidated data 
center and we're very strategic building blocks in there. But from a new perspective, it's definitely there, as well as a 
host of new partners that we're working with that generate cloud solutions. So, we it see as both. 

<Q>: Okay. Thanks, John. Thanks, Dan. 

<A - Dan Matte>: Yes. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Sue with RBC Capital Markets. You may ask your question. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Thank you. The sequential rebound in product revenue, is there any specific product line that's 
driving that? Is it VIPRION? Is it the 8900? And are you seeing sequential product unit growth in addition to a product 
revenue growth? 


<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. It's been across the board, Mark. I mean, 
frankly, it's been the economy. The combination of a product refresh, a great competitive position. But we – right 
through the quarter, we've seen a different environment. We're obviously cautious as we move forward. But last quarter 
was very predictable, very linear, and it was across the product range. And as I mentioned it from a geography 
perspective, it was mainly across all the geographies as well. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Got it. And just John, with a good start in the month of July, maybe if you could just talk about the 
sustainability of the sequential growth in product revenues going forward? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. Last quarter, we were specific on the months 
and we have gone back now to our normal modus operandi, not really going to talk about that now or during the 
quarter, now having said that. So, and the reason for that is that – the reason we did it last quarter, we missed a couple 
of quarters, we felt that it was appropriate. We want to go back to our current modus operandi, which is really not to 
update the quarter. Having said that, this is very important, what I'm going to say, when we do our guidance, one of the 
major drivers of our guidance, one of the key drivers is how we're actually doing the run rate of business in the first 
month and the forecast for the month, and we've clearly taken that into the – done the guidance. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Got it. [audio gap] quarters? Thanks, gentlemen. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Hutchinson with Lazard Capital Markets. You may ask your question. 

<Q - Ryan Hutchinson>: Great. Thanks, guys. And nice to see the product revenue growth here accelerating. I guess a 
couple of questions, one sort of a follow-up. In terms of looking at sort of the close rates, how much did the close rates 
improve in the quarter? And then specifically, as it relates to the guidance, has your assumptions changed materially, as 
it relates to the guidance for the September quarter and the close rate assumptions? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: On the close rates? 

<A - Mark Anderson>: Yeah, sure. Hey, this is Mark Anderson. Ryan, how are you doing? 

<Q - Ryan Hutchinson>: Great. 

<A - Mark Anderson>: Good. So, in terms of the close rates, I think we saw, for the first time in several quarters an 
increase in close rates and also, an increase in our pipeline, our gross pipeline. And that is really encouraging. And like 
John said earlier, we saw that throughout the quarter, as we take snapshots at different points in time. So, we are very 
happy with the metrics on close rates and very happy with the metrics on the percent of win rates against our 
competitors, which John mentioned in North America, but across the world, they have actually gone up for each 
competitor, our major competitors. 

<Q - Ryan Hutchinson>: Have your close rate assumptions, I guess change, as it relates to how you formulate the 
guidance? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So, we've used the exact same assumptions from last 
quarter that we have done for this quarter in doing the guidance. 

<Q - Ryan Hutchinson>: All right. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: But we feel hopefully that we are being appropriately 
cautious. 

<Q - Ryan Hutchinson>: Okay. And then one more, and I will jump back in the queue. As it relates to a lot of the stuff 
that Cisco has been doing in the marketplace with the introduction of the blade servers' et cetera, have you seen any 


strengthening of your relationship specifically with HP and the ProCurve ONE alliance? And if you have it, provide 
some color there if you haven't, do you expect that you will? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. We feel very, very good about the 
opportunities that we have got. Really with Hewlett-Packard, with Dell, with IBM, because we can definitely add value 
in the scenario where they are competing on the server basis. We've been working with Dell for example, for years 
where they've been on top five, yeah, I think those dynamics are only strengthening these partnerships. 

<Q - Ryan Hutchinson>: Okay. Thanks, guys. Good luck. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the Brent Bracelin with Pacific Crest. You may ask your question. 

<Q - Brent Bracelin>: Thank you. John, I wanted to really follow up on kind of the drivers here. It sounds like the 
sequential rebound that you saw you're attributing to more of an industry rebound, improving economy versus share 
gains you know. One, at what point do you feel maybe a little bit more confident saying, when do you expect to 
actually take some shares? Two, we're 90 days in to the version 10 release, what's the customer feedback? Was it a 
material part of the BIG-IP revenue mix this quarter and if not, when do you expect to get to that more than half of your 
shipments will be on version 10? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, obviously we can't comment on share because 
we don't know the data for this quarter, but as you heard our competitive win rates are as high as they have been. So, 
that would indicate there is definitely an opportunity for gaining market share. But frankly, until we see the results we 
can't really comment on that. In terms of the products and how it's driving wins, no question the whole product refresh 
is happening. There is a big interest building in version 10. I wouldn't say it was incredibly significant from last quarter 
because it is a new operating system, but it is certainly going to be in the future quarters. 

<Q - Brent Bracelin>: And then my last question here, as you think about kind of the environment that we are in, it 
certainly look like a bottoming and a potential recovery here do you plan on being a little bit more offensive? 
Obviously, you have a very strong balance sheet, how should we think about F5 and the strategy going forward? Is 
there anything that you are looking at doing maybe perhaps a little bit more offensively through M&A or something 
that you could help position you coming out of this downturn? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, I don't think so is the quick answer to that. 
We're going to be having an analyst Investor Day in November and obviously, we will get through a lot of strategy 
there. We have lot of organic, pretty exciting organic plans in place. We're not at a stage where we refurbish the 
product line or refresh the product line and standing still, you're going to see a whole load of new products, both 
software and hardware coming out. In terms of acquisition, probably not and again, we always caveat that with if 
there's a great opportunity to make a move, but it is probably more unlikely. We feel that with ARX we still got a lot of 
work to do obviously to get momentum in that. We think the economy will help us because from a competitor point of 
view, we're really on our own, which is great, with a great ROI and then we've got a lot of new functionality coming 
with the ADC business. So, I don't think so. But where you'll us being on the offensive is, as we see that revenue, we'll 
be hiring. But we're going to be doing it cautiously behind revenue. 

<Q - Brent Bracelin>: Okay. Perfect. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Kvaal with Barclays Capital. You may ask your question, sir. 

<Q - Jeff Kvaal>: Yes. Thanks very much. I wanted to revisit the product revenue question if I could. Obviously, the 
product revenue has turned a corner, which is great, it still seems to be below where one might like it to be or where it 


was last year. Do you think that we have substantially turned a corner on product revenue, or should we be sort of in 
the flattish range over the next several quarters, as far as you can see? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, I don't want to hide behind the economy, but I 
think that's the major factor and the answer to that. Competitive-wise, we're in great shape. We are seeing, we did see a 
different environment last quarter, right through the quarter. So, if that continues, you will see accelerated product 
revenue. 

<Q - Jeff Kvaal>: Okay. Should we see – I mean, we would like obviously to see the product revenue lead to service 
revenue, now, is that something that we can look forward to in the next couple of quarters? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, that's the point I was making, it does depend in 
the economy. It really does. I think from a – where we sit within the data center, as you hear more and more data center 
buildouts happening, you'll see us getting a very, very strong share in that space. But we're being cautious about saying 
that we've completely turned the corner. I don't think in this environment that would be appropriate. 

<Q - Jeff Kvaal>: Okay. And then just to clarify the book-to-bill and product. Was it above one, is that right? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Correct. Yes. 

<Q - Jeff Kvaal>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Alex Henderson with Miller Tabak. You may ask your question. 

<Q - Alex Henderson>: Thank you. Hey, guys, how you're doing? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Nice to have you back, Alex. 

<Q - Alex Henderson>: It's a pleasure to be here. Thank you. I got a couple of questions for you. The first one, I was 
wondering if we could just step through some of the metrics. You talked about closure rates already. So, I'll leave that 
one alone. But pricing conditions, you mentioned win rates, it sounds like those are at the upper end of your band. Can 
you talk about deal sizes, and in that context, what is the condition of the VAD, VAR channel at this point? Have those 
guys kind of taken it on the chin a little bit in this downturn? Or are they still standing the way that you would expect 
them to be? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Yeah. In terms of deal size, I think it's 
remained pretty consistent with the last couple of quarters that we've seen. It's interesting, because I think we've been 
fairly aggressive with our sales teams saying, go out, go – we're ready to – as we talked about with our software 
margin, look at doing some discounting, and that's just not the environment out there, and we see that in the very strong 
margins this quarter. So 


<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So the pricing's been pretty stable 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Yeah. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Some of the geographies have been a bit tougher, in 
Asia for example, but not significantly. 

<A - Mark Anderson>: Yeah, Alex, this is Mark Anderson. We keep a real close eye on pricing, and we're talking 
about variances here in the 1% range, right. So, nothing significant. With regards to the health of our VAR channel, I 
think it's just like everything else in the other companies that you might follow. There's been a real flight to quality, and 
our customers are going to the highest quality partners that we have. And so we're seeing the stronger partners get 
stronger, and we're seeing the weaker ones probably get weaker, maybe take it on the chin. But without question, that 
alliance with how we're focusing our resources on the sales side, we are spending a lot more time with the high quality, 


high value-add partners that are going to give us the partner leverage that we're looking for. 

<Q - Alex Henderson>: So just to follow up that question, because I guess what I'm trying to really get at is, looking at 
those metrics, is it reasonable to say that you're just stabilizing, and that you really haven't seen any move to growth in 
the environment, that the conditions are not falling like they were last quarter, but they're not growing yet either? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, definitely stabilizing, I think is the key word, 
no question about that. But having said that, our service business continues to grow, and then most importantly, the 
product revenue, for the first time in a while actually, has grown sequentially. The guidance that we have given as well 
would continue that process. So, stabilizing but obviously with slight upward trend. 

<Q - Alex Henderson>: The seasonality would certainly suggest sequentially up in the – both of those quarters, are 
you saying stabilization, and then just normal seasonal, or stabilization up a little? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: The problem is with the last 12 months, it's so 
difficult to call this. I go back to – I look at a year ago in calendar Q4, our fiscal Q1 where we were going extremely 
well right up until the last two weeks in December, and that's when the spending just stopped. And then we had the 
March quarter when February just stopped as well. So, it just – it's not appropriate, in my opinion yet, to make any big 
weight calls here. 

<Q - Alex Henderson>: Good. The second question on the conditions, how much of the improvement do you think is a 
function of firing up the sales force with the v10's product or the software upgrade? Has that gotten them to go out and 
given an excuse to go out and re-call on people who they might not have been calling on otherwise? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Not so much. Not last quarter. I mean, it will have an 
effect more this quarter and the future quarters. But last quarter was really driven by the fact that our competitive 
position with technology refresh of the systems combined with the competitive advantage. V10 is definitely, there's a 
lot of interest in it. We're seeing a lot of downloads happening. Things like the application templates that, you know 
working with the SharePoints, and the other solutions are there is definitely an area the sales force can go – didn't go 
before but that's more this quarter in moving forward. 

<Q - Alex Henderson>: And one last question, then I will cede, the VIPRION product, your strongest vertical was the 
service provider, was the VIPRION part of that or was that service provider within the enterprise piece of the service 
provider, if you will, i.e., the corporations as supposed to their network? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No, VIPRION has been a really strong catalyst within 
the service provider that's – that's been what has been most popular, no question about that. Service provider, large 
Internet company, Net enterprise in that order – what has been sitting at is our policy enforcement point within the 
service providers is all the mobile data is coming on basically, making all the policies based on those applications. 
That's been very popular. 

<Q - Alex Henderson>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Marshall with Broadpoint. You may ask your question. 

<Q - Brian Marshall>: Hi. Thanks, guys. A question with regards to the product revenue, I mean, looks like you saw 
that grow almost 2% sequentially. I guess, the question is, is there some pent-up demand, if you will, with regards to 
Park City being introduced in the quarter and would, I mean, i.e., barring any economic issues in the future. I mean, 
wouldn't you expect that to sort of reaccelerate here a little bit more than what we're talking about given the fact that – 
that is a pretty interesting new OS? 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. First of all, just to say a few things, just to be 
really clear, Park City version 10 didn't have a significant impact last quarter because it is a new operating system. It's 


been tried and downloaded a lot but that's not revenue and we do see that moving forward. No, I think, what we've seen 
is that data center builder that paused starting to open up. Not aggressively but starting to open up and you're seeing a 
better environment, that's been the main driver. 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: And if I can just add, what we saw last 
quarter in Q2, customers not really knowing what budget they had to spend. In this past Q3 quarter, we saw that those 
budgets being defined and then our sales job becomes going in there and prioritizing our project over other projects, 
and so that's a massive improvement in terms of the visibility, that – and predictability that John mentioned earlier. 

<Q - Brian Marshall>: Okay. And a question with regards to service gross margins, obviously continuing to impress 
once again, and I think you mentioned that you're going to be adding some service heads. I was wondering if you could 
give a little bit more granularity around there? Maybe how many service heads you have today and what you're looking 
to add in the quarter? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Yeah, I don't – I don't know that the 
current we have but what we watch mainly on that just is the customer satisfaction levels for the service that we 
provide and they've been excellent, right. And you have to weigh wanting to give that world-class level of service 
against the hiring. And we will add to that. Historically, it's been about a third of the hiring, and I said 25 to 50 is our 
plan for this quarter. So, I think it will be in line with that. 

<Q - Brian Marshall>: Okay. So, it sounds like service margins are here to stay? 

<A - Andy Reinland, Senior Vice President and Chief Finance Officer>: Well, I think, in terms of margins, at least 
in the short-term, they'll probably stay at this level, but we'll see over time. And next, as John mentioned, the next call, 
we usually give some more directional guidance for the upcoming fiscal year, and we'll talk about that then. 

<Q - Brian Marshall>: Okay, nice quarter. 

<A - John Eldridge, Investor Relations>: Tamara, we'll take one more question, and then we'll end the call. 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. Our last question comes from Troy Jensen with Piper Jaffray. You may ask your question. 

<Q - Troy Jensen>: All right, thanks for sneaking me in, guys. Congrats on the nice quarter. A couple of quick 
questions. First, either for John or Dan, I guess. Microsoft has a substantial number of new products coming out in the 
next, call it, year, year-and-a-half here. Just curious to know which Microsoft products is F5 more leveraged to? 

<A - Dan Matte>: Well, I'll try, this is Dan. There really there are a lot of them. So, whether it's the new server 
product, whether it's Wave 14, which is all sort of the Office product, SharePoint – Office communication server. The 
virtualization piece that they've got going on, their dynamic infrastructure efforts, I don't know that I would pick one of 
them up and over any other one to really drive us. It's going to be a pretty balanced effort, as far as we're concerned, for 
driving our revenue, which I think is a good approach, right? Because we don't want to put all our chips in one basket. 

<Q - Troy Jensen>: That's fair. And then on Microsoft guys, can you confirm whether or not you guys are designing 
the Microsoft Bing search service? 

<A - John Eldridge, Investor Relations>: We're looking just 


<A - Dan Matte>: Yeah, we are. I mean, there's a whole broad range of elements of Microsoft's business that we're 
designed into. Search definitely is one of them. 

<Q - Troy Jensen>: Okay. It's perfect. And the last one, I'll cede the floor, John, I think you said on the call that Japan, 
that kind of met your expectations. I guess I'm just going off of memory here. Weren't we expecting to see better 
traction in Japan over the last few quarters given the low-end refresh? 


<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, and we've been seeing that. So, when – the 
whole point about the comment in Japan was that, last quarter was Japan's first fiscal quarter. 

<Q - Troy Jensen>: Okay. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So that is typically sequentially down and it was 
sequentially down, but it was above our forecast and our expectation slightly, not significantly. And then we would 
expect it to be up this quarter. So, we are pretty happy with the way things have moved in Japan, both in terms of the 
take up of the entry level, but also the fact that we're adding more modules now at the low end that are starting to 
slowly but surely drive bigger sales. And Maxim have also added some direct touch there that's helping that as well to 
work with the partners. 

<Q - Troy Jensen>: Got it, keep up the good work, guys. 

<A - John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. Thanks a lot. 

John Eldridge, Investor Relations 

Thank you very much for joining us, and please be sure to call in if you have any follow-up questions. Thank you. We 
will talk to you next time. 

John McAdam, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


