Q2 2008 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Jeffery W. Yabuki, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• The weakness in the financial services industry is having an impact on certain types of spend. Specifically, we are 
seeing pressure on discretionary technology license spending among large investment banks and financial institutions. 
At the same time this pressure is creating opportunity as the entire financial services industry is aggressively looking 
for ways to increase efficiency. We are in numerous conversations with large institutions to utilize our vast array of 
technology products and infrastructure to help them reduce costs in this time of intense efficiency focus. We are also 
seeing an increased discussion around our services offerings as clients look to us for advice and counsel, which we 
believe will lead to deeper relationships and incremental revenue. 
• The community-based and mid-tier institutions have been impact less uniformly. Generally, that impact has tended to 
be more regional and somewhat dependent on the level of real estate concentration within their client base and 
portfolios. That said, the majority of our clients are focused in fundamental areas in which we deliver products and 
services: acquiring deposits, extending client relationships, efficiency improvements, and risk management. 
• Our payments-oriented businesses continue to experience solid double-digit transaction growth rates across the 
various platforms such as bill payment, debit and EFT processing, wire exchange and remote capture. We expect to see 
continuing growth in these areas. We expect license revenues, which represent about 5% of our total revenue, to 
continue to lag historic purchase levels. This will likely be more pronounced in those areas where the investments are 
non-mission critical and discretionary. However, the lion's share of Fiserv's revenue originates from recurring 
nondiscretionary products such as core account processing, and are typically based on accounts and transactions which 
tend to grow regardless of the external environment. 
• We anticipate the general weakness in the home equity and lending market to continue for the remainder of the year 
and into 2009. However about 90 days ago we began offering a home retention product, centered on loan modifications 
to one of the largest servicers of mortgage loans in the country. This product allows our client to proactively identify 
and interact with at-risk mortgagees and modify their loan arrangements before customers slip into default. Although 
it's early stage, we are quite encouraged by what could be a significant potential for this product to offset some of the 
weakness that we have experienced in our lending businesses. On balance, while there are headwinds facing the 
financial services industry as a whole, we believe that our position as a solutions provider of mission critical 
nondiscretionary technology products and services better insulates us from material fluctuations in earnings. At the 
same time, the breadth of our capabilities gives us an advantage in working with clients today to increase efficiency and 
enhance their overall market position. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom for a more detailed discussion of the 
segment result and our balance sheet. 
• Thomas J. Hirsch, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
• Thanks, Jeff, and good afternoon, everyone. During my remarks I will refer to the supplemental information included 
in the slide presentation which, as we mentioned earlier, is available on our website. Revenues were 1.3 billion in the 
quarter, up 38% over the prior year. Year-to-date revenue was also up 38%, to 2.6 billion. Adjusted operating income 
was $284 million for the quarter, with adjusted operating margin increasing 150 basis points to 25.5%. Through June 
30, adjusted operating income was 564 million, and operating margin was up 170 basis points over the prior year to 
25.2%. 
• The increase in overall margin is primarily from continuing improvements in the business mix including the addition 
of CheckFree, cost synergies attained through the CheckFree integration and our continuous focus on operating 
efficiency. 
• In addition to earnings growth and margin expansion, we know that converting earnings into cash flow is a very 
important element in creating value for our shareholders. Our focus and discipline has produced free cash flow of $311 
million for the first six months of the year, an increase of 73% compared to last year. In addition to proactively 
managing both working capital and capital expenditures, we believe that our current mix of businesses should produce 
improved levels of free cash flow. Year-to-date capital expenditures are $92 million, up 14 million from last year's 
level, which did not include CheckFree. We anticipate an increase in our second half capital expenditures as we 

continue to invest in future growth. 

• Adjusted internal revenue growth for the combined financial and payment segments was 2% in the quarter, and 3% 
for the first half of the year. There are several factors compressing our adjusted internal revenue growth rate in the 
second quarter, including a more difficult comparison for the legacy CheckFree businesses, given the second quarter 
was previously the close of their fiscal year. 
• Some of our owners have asked for additional color on the items negatively impacting our growth rate, including 
Bank of America repricing, float impact and the home equity business. Slide 6 of the presentation shows the negative 
impact of these items on our internal revenue growth rate, which is about 2 percentage points both in the quarter and 
year to date. If you normalize for these items, our adjusted internal revenue growth rate for the combined financial 
segments would have been 4% in the quarter and 5% for the year to date. It's our view that the Bank of America 
contract repricing, which we announced in the first quarter, and the interest rate impact on float income in our bill 
payment business will not materially impact our 2009 or long-term revenue growth rates. Our home equity lending 
business has now delivered two quarters of fairly stable revenue and while it remains subject to external market swings, 
period-over-period comparisons in the second half of 2008 and 2009 will improve. 
• Now, on to the segment results. The Financial Institution segment generated revenues of 558 million in the quarter, 
an increase of 8% over the prior year, with a majority of the growth being generated through acquisition. Adjusted 
internal revenue growth in the quarter was 1% for the segment, due to the significant weakness in the home equity 
business. Excluding the home equity impact, the adjusted internal revenue growth was 4%, both for the quarter and 
year to date. This negative impact should lessen through the second half of 2008 as our lending revenue comparisons 
improve. 
• Operating income in the financial segment was up 8%, to $143 million in the quarter, with operating margin at 
25.6% for the quarter and 25.4% year to date. The year-to-date increase in margin was 40 basis points, and operating 
margin was flat in the current quarter compared to 2007, primarily due to lower license sales and a slight change in 
business mix. 
• Our Payments and Industry product segment generated revenues of 514 million in the quarter, or 466 million on an 
adjusted basis net of the pass-through costs for postage, a substantial revenue increase over the prior year due primarily 
to the acquisition of CheckFree. As a reminder, this segment's net revenue is split with about 60% of revenue derived 
from bill payment, EFT services, and Internet banking. The remaining 40% of this segment consists primarily of our 
Output Solutions division, risk management software and services, and the investment services division. 
• Adjusted internal revenue growth in the quarter was 2% for the segment, and 5% for the year. If you normalize for 
the B of A repricing and the float impact the growth rate was 5% for the quarter and 7% year to date. 
• On a sequential quarter basis, the segment's internal revenue growth rate in the quarter was negatively impacted by 
two primary factors. First, the combination of the B of A repricing that we announced in the first quarter and the float 
impact accounted for approximately 3 percentage points of the segment decrease. You will recall that the bottom line 
impact of the float revenue decrease is very minimal, as a rate-based reduction is effectively hedged from an earnings 
standpoint by reduced interest expense on our variable rate debt outstanding. The revenue issue will remain through 
2008 and should not impact our 2009 or longer term growth rates. 
• Second, weaker installed license sales in the current quarter, primarily related to risk management and other software 
products tied to larger tier one financial investment firms, impacted sequential results. Also, we are experiencing lower 
overall account growth in the investment services business due to equity market weakness. Our sales pipelines in 
Corillian, risk and investment services software solutions are solid and should positively impact the second half as we 
close the transactions in the pipeline. In addition, this segment is impacted by quarterly fluctuations from the legacy 
Fiserv businesses. We saw this last year as there was a 5 percentage point drop from the first to the second quarter, 13% 
to 8% in the segment. This seasonality in the traditional Fiserv businesses, like Output Solutions, generally has more 
pronounced quarterly fluctuations based on customer delivery requirements, which historically have been biased to the 
first and fourth quarters. 
• Operating income for the segment was $134 million in the quarter, with adjusted operating margins of 28.6%, up 330 
basis points over the prior year. Through June 30th, operating income was 274 million, and operating margin was up 
250 basis points to 28.8%. The increase in margin is due to continued improvements in operating efficiency, business 
mix including the addition of CheckFree, and cost synergy benefits associated with the transaction. 

• The legacy CheckFree business generated 311 million bill payment transactions in the quarter, up 13% over year. 
E-bills delivered, which represents a very important growth opportunity and competitive differentiator, were up 22% to 
74 million in the quarter. We continue to see solid growth characteristics in each of these key bill payment metrics. 
• Termination fees in the quarter were $18 million, compared with $13 million in 2007. The increase is attributable 
primarily to one client who was acquired in the first month of a 84-month contract in the second quarter, that resulted in 
a more significant fee. Overall, however, merger and acquisition activity is down substantially compared to the prior 
year, which should provide a boost to recurring revenues going forward. 
• Insurance segment revenues were 238 million in the quarter, and 98 million on adjusted basis. Adjusted operating 
income in the insurance segment was 20 million, and adjusted operating margin was 20.2%, a solid improvement over 
first quarter results due primarily to normal seasonality in the flood processing business. 
• Beginning in the third quarter, due to the sales of the majority interest in this business, we will begin reporting Fiserv 
profits related to our 49% ownership as a separate line item on the income statement. As Jeff mentioned earlier, we 
received approximately $510 million in net proceeds from this transaction. 
• As we explained last quarter, we are continuing to record a $2 million charge or 1 cent per share each quarter during 
2008, which was the result of the employment agreement amendment related to our offshore captive that we announced 
last year. Our net interest expense for the first half of the year is $130 million, with 62 million recorded in the second 
quarter. Our year-to-date effective tax rate is 38.7%, and we expect that for the remainder of 2008. 
• In connection with our insurance transaction in July, we announced a new 10 million share repurchase authorization 
to replace our previously completed authorization. For the year, we have repaid approximately $900 million of debt and 
have 4.5 billion outstanding as of June 30th. You will recall that our targeted debt to EBITDA ratio is 2.5 to 1 by the 
end of 2009. For the first six months of the year, our EBITDA was $685 million. We have scheduled debt repayments 
for our debt outstanding of 4.5 billion, totaling $500 million over the next two years. 
• Now let me turn the call back over to Jeff. 
• Our operational efficiency goal for the year is to realize an incremental $20 million in 2008, in addition to the $20 
million achieved last year. Through June 30, we've realized $13 million or 65% of our full-year goal, and we're on track 
for the year. Sales quota performance was strong in the second quarter, and our year-to-date quota attainment now 
stands at 99% of goal. Sales results and pipelines continue to gain momentum, which is an affirmation that our products 
and services are desired by the financial institution marketplace even today. You will recall that sales quota 
performance does not include integrated sales that I highlighted a few moments ago. 
• We are having increased success in the bank core processing space this year. Overall there are fewer new core 
opportunities available, for two primary reasons. First, a greater reluctance by clients to switch which, given our scale, 
we believe we will benefit from. And, also, fewer de novo banks opening this year. However, through June 30, we have 
won a much larger proportion of the available deals than we have over the last several years. 
• We mentioned one such win in our earnings press release earlier today, our new core processing relationship with 
Omaha Financial Holdings, the new banking division of Mutual of Omaha. This institution has already acquired three 
banks and very recently announced the acquisition of two additional institutions. We are currently working with Mutual 
of Omaha to bring the processing of all of those accounts to Fiserv. We are providing core account processing solutions 
integrated with a number of ancillary products to help Omaha Financial grow as rapidly as they can. We see this as a 
clear example of how our breadth and knowledge can help institutions grow in today's environment. 
• Overall, we feel good about our sales results and our Fiserv 2.0 progress. We believe the opportunities in the back 
half of the year will build our second half performance and help us jump start 2009. We expect our full year adjusted 
earnings per share from continuing operations, which includes the 2 to 3-cent dilution from the majority interest in our 
insurance business, to be within our range of $3.28 to $3.40 per share. We anticipate that the results in the fourth 
quarter will be stronger than the third, due primarily to the addition of CheckFree, a synergy ramp, and the impact of 
divestures on current year results. 
• We expect internal revenue growth in the combined Financial and Payments segment to be at the low end of our 4 to 
6% range. This range includes the two 2 to 3 full percentage point negative impact related to the BofA repricing, float 
income, and also the impact from our home equity processing business. As we stated at the beginning of the year, our 
second half revenue growth should improve as our lending comparisons improve. 
• We now expect adjusted operating margin for the full year will increase by at least 125 basis points for the full year, 
versus our previous guidance of 100 basis points. And given the exceptional cash flow performance through the first 

half of 2008, which includes the negative cash flow impact from the insurance sale in the second half of the year, we 
anticipate that full year free cash flow growth will now be in a range of $550 million to $575 million. 

• I mentioned at the top of the call that we're on track to achieve our three key priorities for the year. As you've seen in 
our results, the strength of our business model is allowing us to absorb market fluctuations and still deliver earnings 
growth and cash flow in excess of our long-term performance outlook. We have made great strides in integrating 
CheckFree to enable our clients and you, our shareholders, to realize the benefits of this powerful combination. Our 
sales pipelines continue to grow, even after a very solid sales performance in Q2. We are increasingly confident that 
our new products and innovation will lead to enhanced revenue growth in late 2008 and into 2009. 
• We will manage the company prudently in this time of industry flux with a strong focus on building the company for 
the long term. We believe the uncertainty in the environment is creating material opportunities which play well to our 
strengths. At the same time, we will not grow revenue for revenue's sake. We will continue to take the position that our 
role is to build value for the long-term. We have made significant progress in that area, and we will continue on that 
path. 
• As always, I'd like to recognize the hard work and commitment of our associates around the world who are 
responsible for the results that we deliver each day. Our people are the manifestation of our privileged client 
relationships and they work closely with our clients to ensure we are providing them the solutions they need. 
Other Participants 

• David Koning 
• Bryan Keane 
• Gregory Smith 
• Tien-Tsin Huang 
• Chitra Sundaram 
• Kartik Mehta 
• Julio Quinteros, Jr. 
• Charles Murphy 
• Glenn Greene 
• John Kraft 
• Patrick Burton 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Welcome to the Fiserv Second Quarter 2008 earnings conference call. At this time all participants have been placed in 
listen-only mode and the floor will be opened for questions following the presentation. Today's call is being recorded. 
And it is also being broadcast live over the Internet at www.fiserv.com. In addition, there are supplemental materials 
that will be referenced on today's call available at the company's website. To access those materials, go to 
www.fiserv.com and click on the "access presentation" link on the home page. The call is expected to last about an 
hour and you may disconnect from the call at any time. 

It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to your host Mr. Jeff Yabuki, President and CEO of Fiserv. 

Jeffery W. Yabuki, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us for our second quarter earnings conference call. With me today is our Chief 
Financial Officer, Tom Hirsch. 


Our remarks today will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation 
Reform Act of 1995. We will make forward-looking statements about, among other matters, adjusted revenue growth, 
adjusted earnings per share, adjusted operating margin, EBITDA, cash flow targets, sales pipelines, our CheckFree 
integration efforts, the disposition of certain Fiserv businesses, and our strategic initiative Fiserv 2.0. Forward-looking 
statements may differ materially from actual results, and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Please refer 
to our earnings release which can be found on our website at Fiserv.com, for a discussion of these risk factors. 

You should also refer to our earnings release for an explanation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this 
conference call, and for a reconciliation of those measures to the nearest applicable GAAP measures. These non-GAAP 
measures are indicators that management uses to provide additional meaningful comparisons between current results 
and prior reported results, and as a basis for planning and forecasting for future periods. 

We're pleased with our results for the quarter and for the first half of the year. Even in the face of market challenges, 
we are achieving our financial targets and moving the company forward strategically. Our key financial results, as 
shown on slides 3 and 4 of the supplemental materials, were strong across the board for both the second quarter and 
year to date. And although internal revenue growth lagged a bit, adjusted earnings per share, total revenue, EBITDA, 
and cash flow, were all up significantly. 

We continue to align the company with those areas where we have strategic advantage by selling majority interest in 
our insurance businesses, which closed in July. This transaction will allow us to focus on faster growing opportunities 
where we have scale, and a more differentiated market position such as payments, risk management and core account 
processing. We received about $510 million in net proceeds to deploy in ways designed to increase long-term 
shareholder value while retaining a minority interest in the insurance assets that we now believe is more valuable, given 
the expertise and experience of our new partner. 

In our first quarter call I shared our three main priorities for 2008. First, to deliver earnings results consistent with our 
commitments, regardless of environmental conditions. Second, to make significant progress integrating CheckFree and 
Fiserv, and last, to enhance our level of competitive differentiation through innovation and integration, which leads to 
superior results for our clients and shareholders. We made progress in the quarter across each of these fronts. 

Our adjusted EPS from continuing operations was up 26% to 83 cents. And for the first six months of 2008, our 
adjusted EPS is also up 26% to $1.61. We're very pleased with our significant earnings growth in a market that many 
believe is one of the most difficult in years. 

As important as our strong earnings performance is the conversion of those earnings to free cash flow. We have 
generated $311 million of free cash flow through June 30th, up 73% over last year. Most of our businesses, such as 
core account processing, bill payment, debit and EFT processing, have stable streams of recurring revenue, 
leverageable expense structures and require limited amounts of steady state capital expenditures. These attributes allow 
us to grow earnings and cash flow at attractive rates, even in a challenging environment. This earnings and cash flow 
leverage should benefit us even more as market conditions improve. 

Second, we continue to see solid execution with our CheckFree integration activities. As expected, the synergy impact 
ramped nicely in the second quarter, leading to $20 million of pre-tax benefit realized through June 30th. We are 
confident that we will achieve our 40 to $50 million cost synergy target for the year. In addition, we are in the early 
stages of our 2009 planning cycle, and are optimistic about next year's overall expense synergy attainment. On the 
client side, we continue to get positive feedback on the combination, with an openness to work together to create value. 
Importantly, we have not lost a single tier 1 bill payment client since we announced the acquisition, which bodes well 
for our performance and market position. 

Our third and arguably most important priority for the year is extending our level of differentiation through innovation 
and integration. We've made a lot of progress on this front in 2008, and the early returns are excellent. Our momentum 
continues to build as we deliver our market-leading electronic bill payment services to banks and financial Institutions. 
In the quarter, we sold bill payment to over 140 clients, and have signed nearly 290 so far this year. Of that total, about 
two-thirds of the sales were made to existing Fiserv core clients. 


We are also seeing early success in two new products which we believe will drive attractive incremental revenue and 
extend our leading market position in Internet banking and payments over the next several years. First, we're 
introducing an ASP version of the Corillian Internet banking platform, which will allow clients to utilize those 
industry-leading capabilities in a hosted environment. 

We had a significant competitive win in the quarter with a large Fiserv core client choosing our new offering, 
displacing the existing Internet banking provider and beating out another competitor. The client was willing to spend 
more money to access these best-in-class capabilities. We believe this is an example of the healthy demand for our 
hosted Internet banking services. 

We are also excited about the new CheckFree online Advantage product, our next generation online banking and bill 
payment platform which will be in the market at the end of the year. This product is a highly integrated version of 
Internet banking and electronic bill payment and presentment which allows our clients to better serve their end 
customers through enhanced capabilities and a heightened experience. Importantly, this new product will allow the 
financial institution to utilize the underlying data to generate new revenue for the institution. The early client and 
prospect reactions to this product are excellent, and we believe this could materially change the rules of the game. We 
will share more with you on our Internet banking and bill payment strategy at our investor day in November. 

We are now starting to see revenue uplift by providing integrated products into the larger financial institutions which 
were traditionally served by CheckFree. During the quarter we signed an agreement with a Top 10 bank to handle a 
portion of its check processing volume by leveraging our distributed capture solutions with our national footprint of 
item processing centers. This type of innovative solution delivers meaningful economic efficiencies to our clients as 
they contend with the difficult environment. There are a number of similar opportunities in our sales queue which we 
anticipate will come to fruition during the remainder of the year and into 2009. 

Before I turn the call over to Tom, let me share our perspective on the environment and its effect on our business. Most 
people would agree that the dislocation occurring in the financial services industry and its impact on the economy is the 
most significant in memory. Over the last couple of years, we have been proactive in reshaping our company, which we 
believe will allow us to deliver solid performance regardless of the economic environment. Combining the impact of 
our acquisitions and divestures over the last year with our strong core businesses, will lead to significant benefits for 
our shareholders and our clients. 

As always, I'd like to recognize the hard work and commitment of our associates 
around the world who are responsible for the results that we deliver each day. 
Our people are the manifestation of our privileged client relationships and they 
work closely with our clients to ensure we are providing them the solutions they 
need. 

Finally, before we take questions, we will be holding our 2008 investor conference on November 11th in Boston. 
Please mark your calendars for the event and contact our Investor Relations group to register as space is more limited 
than it has been the last couple of years. Stacy, we'll now open the lines for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from David Koning of Baird. 

<Q - David Koning>: Yeah, hey guys, nice results. 


<A - Jeffery Yabuki>: Thanks, David. 

<Q - David Koning>: I guess first of all, if we just summarize kind of your thoughts around the environment, is it fair 
to say that it's pretty much business as usual excluding kind of the home equity and license headwinds maybe of a 
couple percent, but other than that it feels generally business as usual? 

<A - Jeffery Yabuki>: For – certainly for where we are today, on July 29th, that certainly is the case. And it's hard to 
ignore all of the headlines and all of the noise out in the environment and so I think our people would say they're quite 
pleased with the performance given all of that noise, but as much as – I just have to agree with that. I mean, we are – 
it's largely business as usual. 

<Q - David Koning>: And maybe if you would, could you kind of outline what would happen – tomorrow we wake up 
and we see headlines that 100 banks failed in the last week or something like that, how would a scenario like that affect 
Fiserv? 

<A - Jeffery Yabuki>: Great question. One of the things that's interesting is that, as banks fail, the accounts don't go 
away and the transactions don't go away. They merely transfer to either a receiver or to an acquirer. And in those cases, 
we believe and obviously there's some regional differences, but in many of those cases we believe we will actually 
benefit from that kind of move given the scale that we have. So if we were to see situations where these banks failed, if 
we were the contract holder in that case, we suspect we would continue to process for the receiver. And if they were 
acquired, you know, we would believe that based on our scale that more times than not we would actually be the core 
processor for those banks. And again I'm assuming in this question really talking more on kind of the community-based 
institution front where we have a very significant amount of share, and in those cases we think we would be likely 
neutral, but in – I'm sorry, it would be no less than neutral, but in most cases we would actually be net positive. 

<Q - David Koning>: That's great. Thank you. And just one quick final one. The payments margin has come down 
sequentially for a couple of quarters. I know part of that is due to B of A. I'm just wondering, should we expect that to 
ramp up towards 30% plus over the next few quarters? 

<A - Thomas Hirsch>: I think, overall – David, this is Tom – we'll continue to see leverage in net Payments & 
Industry Product segment. Obviously in the current quarter we did have the impact compared to the first quarter, the 
BofA repricing and float impact, that does drop to the bottom line there in that operating income but going forward as 
we generate continued cost synergies and leverage that business, we're going to continue to see improved margins. 

<A - Jeffery Yabuki>: I would also add to that, David, that that segment, as much as it's labeled Payments & Industry 
Products or payments, there are about 40% of the revenues in that segment are payments-related not pure payment 
margin product. While I do believe Tom is right, it will revert, I think it will revert back, kind of at a nice gradual build 
because there are a variety of different businesses in there, all payment-related, but not necessarily just in EFT 
processing or bill payment business. 

<Q - David Koning>: All right. Great job, thanks. 

<A - Jeffery Yabuki>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Your next question comes from Bryan Keane of Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Bryan Keane>: Hi, good afternoon. 

<A - Jeffery Yabuki>: Hey, Bryan. 

<Q - Bryan Keane>: Jeff, could you explain again how the sales quota numbers translate into future revenues again? 

<A - Jeffery Yabuki>: Sure. We measure our sales quota – each year we set quotas and they're distributed across our 
sales force. The reason why we don't talk in terms of revenues and we talk in terms of percentage for purposes of sales 


quota, is we have different ways of measuring them. In some cases we measure recurring revenue, in some cases we 
measure – excuse me, in some cases we measure a combination of recurring revenue and one-time, especially if they're 
consulting oriented engagements. But from our standpoint we set quotas in a way that allow us to be able to achieve the 
growth that we believe we should attain in subsequent years. So we have quota, we have – quota attainment, we have 
integrated sales, we also have a group of sales to existing clients that don't fall into either of those two buckets when 
they're products that are delivered through the core. But if you added all those up, you would find – you would get a 
good indication for what our subsequent year revenues look like – are going to look like. So – or where they ramp in 
with expectation ex the amount of attrition that we might see or any changes like that. So to the extent that we're 
performing at or near 100%, that is at least a positive tailwind for us in looking at our revenue performance in 
subsequent years. 

<Q - Bryan Keane>: And it's not an immediate impact. It's probably a six to nine-month lag at least? 

<A - Jeffery Yabuki>: I mean, the way we look at quota, most of it is on an annualized recurring revenue-type basis, 
it's normalized – we call it normalized. So there is always going to be some performance so that what we've sold to date 
will have some impact in Q3 and Q4. What we sell in Q3 will have a very limited impact on Q4, and but all of that will 
have an impact in the subsequent – in the subsequent four quarters. So kind of on a rolling four quarter basis. 

<Q - Bryan Keane>: Okay, and the reason for the pickup from I think it was 91 or so last quarter to 99, was that just 
better closing, better way – I don't know, better business leads? What happened exactly to increase that percentage? 

<A - Jeffery Yabuki>: You may remember us talking, Bryan, that at the end of the first quarter our pipelines were the 
biggest they had ever been. And so we had just the good fortune of having that pipeline begin to convert to sales. Our 
pipeline is still pretty strong and so we believe that we will continue to have good performance throughout the year. 
But it was a little bit slower in the first quarter, although it usually is. And then the bump was a little bit larger in Q2 
than we had seen historically. But I would really attribute that to the size and breadth of the overall pipeline, as well as 
I think we mentioned that we're starting to see some larger sales transactions making it into the pipeline. We had one of 
those close in the second quarter and we're hopeful that we'll see a couple of additional opportunities like that come to 
fruition in the second half of the year. 

<A - Thomas Hirsch>: And I think just to add to that, Bryan, the core account processing in the banking area has been 
strong. As Jeff indicated, we've done a nice job of closing a majority of those transactions that have been available out 
there, and that really continues to go – bode very well for the long-term because most of that has been generated on the 
outsourcing side, and so that's the other positive thing that we see in the pipe. 

<Q - Bryan Keane>: Okay, and then just last question on CheckFree, the bill pay transaction volumes sequentially 
were more flat. I guess, are you happy with those numbers or is there seasonality in there, anything to explain? I would 
have thought it would have picked up a little more than that. 

<A - Jeffery Yabuki>: It's up about 1, 1.5% I think over the first quarter. The first quarter is – has been historically 
stronger. We do see at least in July so far to date we see good activity there. And so overall we haven't had really any 
significant changes from that standpoint. 

<Q - Bryan Keane>: Okay, congratulations on the execution. 

<A - Jeffery Yabuki>: Thanks, Bryan. 

Operator 

Thank you. The next question comes from Greg Smith of Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Gregory Smith>: Yeah, hi guys. 

<A - Jeffery Yabuki>: Hey, Greg. 


<Q - Gregory Smith>: The weakness on the license side, is that primarily coming from the legacy CheckFree 
business, their software business? 

<A - Thomas Hirsch>: Greg, it's Tom. Yes, it is primarily because of the tier one focus, both in the risk management 
and even a little bit with the Corillian – the larger software licenses. Because that's going to those tier one financial 
institutions. The other thing I'd say is that while the quarter from an installed license standpoint was a bit lower from a 
recognition of revenue standpoint, as you can see in our cash flow statement, our deferred revenue is actually fairly 
positive this year, as far as growth, compared to where it was last year. So some of that is timing as far as installation of 
that. But nonetheless it was primarily in the risk management and software components that really geared that and it 
was a difficult compare to the second quarter of last year also. 

<Q - Gregory Smith>: Okay. And then as we look at your guidance range, I think you had said when you had initially 
provided the range that the low end of the range reflects the possibility of some larger deals that could include some 
start-up costs. Just wondering if we can get an update on are there any of these larger deals out there so what is the 
likelihood that guidance could even come in at the low end of the range? 

<A - Thomas Hirsch>: And, Greg, I think what the majority of that discussion on kind of the larger deals with start-up 
costs and lower margin, as I recall was really centered on the level of our operating margin. I think we had said it 
would be at least 50 basis points, or at least 100, I can't remember right now. But I think there was a lot of discussion 
on we would be willing to take in revenues that were below our average margin if they were scale and we thought they 
would – that they were long-term and they would add value to the client base overall. And so while that would have 
some impact on the lower end of the range, it was really more of a margin discussion. 

The reason that we had the – you may remember, the reason why we had the broader range this year than we had 
historically was really just kind of some of the uncertainty facing the market and really to your earlier question, what 
would happen in the license sales and what impact would that have. Obviously, a change in license revenue has a fairly 
material impact on your overall profitability. 

From our standpoint, as we think about guidance, while we didn't take guidance down as a result of the insurance 
transaction, we did – we do see that to be dilutive in the second half of the year and obviously we'll work hard to 
redeploy the proceeds to make sure that we mitigate that dilution. And it's one of the reasons why we were able to 
maintain guidance at the level we have is because we had good performance this quarter and our outlook looks good for 
the remainder of the year. 

<Q - Gregory Smith>: Okay. And then just last question, on the insurance business, can you just talk about your 
confidence that the new majority owner will be able to grow that business, and what do you think is the ultimate 
outcome here? Is it an IPO, a full sale to them, full sale to another private equity firm? How are you thinking about 
that? 

<A - Jeffery Yabuki>: Great question, Greg. The deal that we did with Stone Point Capital is we looked at a lot of 
different options. Stone Point is really a firm that is specifically insurance-based. I think they were – they're kind of a 
derivative of the old MMC, which is Marsh McClellan. So they have a lot of expertise and, frankly, industry 
connections that we think our assets will benefit from. And, frankly, they also have the time and energy to put into 
making sure that it gets managed well. So we do believe that we will be able to have that asset build in value over time. 
I mean, obviously from my standpoint I like the efficiency of being – potentially being able to spin or something like 
that. You know, we'll look for ways that are most tax efficient. But if we can – in a few years if we can figure out how 
to create a lot of incremental value, we think we have a good track record of redeploying capital and so we wouldn't 
mind taking that in either. So, we'll look at a variety of different options but obviously tax efficiency will be at the very 
high end of how we think about this, given the tax benefits that we experience now, the remaining dollars that come in 
in the future are obviously going be subject to tax at fairly high marginal levels. 

<Q - Gregory Smith>: Cool, thank you. 

<A - Jeffery Yabuki>: Thank you, Greg. 


Operator 

Thank you. The next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang of JPMorgan. 

<Q - Tien-Tsin Huang>: Hi, thanks. Jeff, I just wanted to check your confidence level in achieving the 4% internal 
growth for the year. How much visibility do you have into that? 

<A - Jeffery Yabuki>: Yeah, you know, Tien-Tsin, we have a reasonable amount of visibility. We have a fairly 
disciplined way of forecasting – we reforecast the company every month. We spend a lot of time looking at this data, 
and so given what we can see in the environment today, we have a fairly high degree of confidence that we will have 
growth that's higher in the second half and that that will turn us to – turn us into achieving the low end of our guidance 
range as we suggested. I could lay out all the caveats that we talked about earlier, but for right now we're confident 
we'll make it. 

<Q - Tien-Tsin Huang>: Okay. Then on the insurance deal, congrats on that. How soon do you expect to be back in 
the market to buy back stock? And maybe do you have enough data on your appetite for share repurchases versus debt 
retirement? 

<A - Thomas Hirsch>: Yes, this is Tom. You know, our investment criteria really hasn't changed from a capital 
deployment standpoint. Obviously first we look to fund our internal investments, acquisition, share repurchase and debt 
repayment. We have made a lot of progress on the debt repayment side, you know paying down about $900 million to 
date. So we did announce that share repurchase reauthorization in early July and plan on utilizing that over the next 
couple of quarters along with deploying that capital in other areas, both internally and also looking at acquisitions to the 
extent they're there. 

<A - Jeffery Yabuki>: I would add to that, Tien-Tsin, that given the success that we are having in executing the 
business right now, kind of putting the two companies together, you know, everyone saw the 311 million of free cash 
flow, and we expect that to continue to perform well. It's really raised our confidence and I think made everyone 
comfortable that we're going to be very easily able to meet our debt obligations. And so given where we are today, and 
given our strong desire to minimize the level of dilution in this transaction, you know we'll take appropriate actions as 
soon as we're able. 

<Q - Tien-Tsin Huang>: Excellent, excellent. Then the final portion of the ISS sale, that's still on track, right, for the 
end of 3Q? 

<A - Thomas Hirsch>: Yep, it's still tracking towards the end of the third quarter. 

<Q - Tien-Tsin Huang>: Okay, last quick one, I promise. Pricing, any changes in the pricing environment or other 
financial payments? 

<A - Jeffery Yabuki>: No. You know, it is – there's been a lot – I think the first quarter, there was a lot of discussion 
on pricing and price compression. I don't think there's anything any different in the environment. I think you're seeing 
actually a less of a willingness by incumbents, the incumbent clients to make switches on their technology. And we 
know that and they know that. And the clients are smart and they're continuing to push hard. And as – as I mentioned, 
our transaction growth is still pretty robust and so that's going to continue to lead to kind of I think similar levels of 
compression that we've seen historically. I actually am a little bit more comfortable today on compression than I was in 
the first quarter. I think – I think people are settling down, and I think we're focused on execution, as are the clients. 

<Q - Tien-Tsin Huang>: Very good, thank you. 

<A - Jeffery Yabuki>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. The next question comes from Chitra Sundaram of Cardinal Capital. 


<Q - Chitra Sundaram>: Thank you, congratulations. Could you just – I just want to clarify one thing. So on the 
payment side when we say 1% organic growth, you have to add back another percent for the BofA and float income, 
and so the remaining, when you compare to Q1, the 5 percentage points that is because of all the license and the risk 
management and all that? Did I understand that correctly? 

<A - Thomas Hirsch>: I think so. Maybe I can just clarify that a little bit. Are you talking just about the payment 
segment? 

<Q - Chitra Sundaram>: Yes, yes. 

<A - Thomas Hirsch>: The payment segment, the actual rate just in payments was 2%, a little over 2% for the quarter. 

<Q - Chitra Sundaram>: Yes, that's – uh-huh. 

<A - Thomas Hirsch>: And then we had the Bank of America and the float impact, which for the quarter was roughly 
about 3 percentage points. 

<Q - Chitra Sundaram>: Oh, okay. 

<A - Thomas Hirsch>: So it was roughly 5%. And again, what I kind of tried to focus on was that the impacts that we 
had in the quarter, and we do have things that impact us on a quarter over quarter basis, was primarily the 40% of 
revenue in the segment that is not tied into bill pay EFT, that's our Output Solutions and the risk management pieces, 
which were a little bit lighter in the quarter as far as installed licenses, and also the difficult comparison we had to the 
second quarter of last year. So we are at 5% on an adjusted basis for the payment segment, and year to date we're at 7% 
on an adjusted basis excluding the BofA reprice and the float, which again as we look forward to '09 and into the 
future, should not be an impact. So that's kind of where we are for the year as far as that segment goes. 

<Q - Chitra Sundaram>: Okay, brilliant. And then in amortization, it was 44 million for the quarter. Should we just 
sort of extrapolate that for the rest of the year? 

<A - Thomas Hirsch>: Yeah, I would not extrapolate that full amount. We did have a slight catch-up because of the 
true-up of some of the purchase accounting with CheckFree. So I would take the first half of the year and double it and 
that should get you right about where you need to be. 

<Q - Chitra Sundaram>: Okay, and CapEx trends for the rest of the year, how should we think of that? 

<A - Thomas Hirsch>: I think we'll continue to, as I indicated in my opening comments, we will have a little higher 
level of CapEx in the second half, which has been factored into our revised free cash flow estimates. 

<Q - Chitra Sundaram>: Okay, and lastly, the number of shares that in your guidance you are sort of assuming kind 
of flat share count year over year or 


<A - Thomas Hirsch>: What we've indicated is part of our capital allocation, we did receive the $510 million after tax, 
we will be redeploying that into share repurchase. As we announced our 10 million share authorization, so I think over 
the next couple of quarters you'll probably see that come down a little bit. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Kartik Mehta of FTN Midwest. 

<Q - Kartik Mehta>: Good evening, Jeff. 

<A - Jeffery Yabuki>: Hey, Kartik. 

<Q - Kartik Mehta>: Question on CheckFree, Jeff. As you look at CheckFree now, looking back, and at least in the 
short run, what do you think has gone right and what do you think could improve? So I'm trying to figure out where 


you're really having success with the acquisition and where you'll really have the opportunity over the next 12 to 18 
months, or even longer. 

<A - Jeffery Yabuki>: That's a great question. I think the areas where we could improve is, had we done something 
like this before, we would have been – we would have known – we would have had a better idea of some of the – just 
the general cultural integration challenges that you have. And while frankly we haven't had very many because we've 
really learned that the CheckFree associates and the Fiserv associates are actually interestingly fairly in sync, you just 
go through a fair amount of assimilation to come to the decisions on how you're going to execute your business. And so 
that took some time. And so I wish we would have been able to better anticipate that. 

From a kind of an end market, I don't think there's a lot we could have done differently. I think we're making great 
progress in working with the large financial institutions. We are just actually thrilled at how our bill payment, our bill 
payment delivery is going in, and integrating that into the core. And probably the thing that I'm most excited about 
right now is we have a very unique opportunity to integrate our capture, kind of remote capture, distributed capture 
solutions with our item processing footprint and really go out and do things that CheckFree couldn't have done on its 
own and we couldn't have done on our own in a way that – that could have really attractive returns for shareholders. So 
I'm pretty happy with really how the acquisition is going in general. And you know, Kartik, you know I'm always going 
to be able to come up with a much longer list of things I wish I could have done – we wish we would have done better. 
But on balance our people in both organizations are doing a great job and we're pretty happy. 

<A - Thomas Hirsch>: I think, Kartik, I'd just like to add a couple of things from my perspective. First of all, from a 
client standpoint, not losing any clients through this acquisition has been tremendous. The RevE component of the 
Carreker business has been some very nice upside. That business has been incorporated into our Financial Institution 
group. And we've seen a lot of positive on that particular business. And just overall from an execution, from the 
financial standpoint, the cash flow of the business and just the associates and their commitment, working with Fiserv in 
our integration activities, has really been fantastic. So I think just a lot of good things have happened on this particular 
acquisition. 

<Q - Kartik Mehta>: Jeff, I wanted to get your thoughts on the overall growth of the market. We're always talking 
about the internal growth and obviously comparing it to their year-ago quarter. And I'm trying to figure out what you 
think is the overall internal growth or organic growth of this market so maybe we have a comparison to the industry. 

<A - Jeffery Yabuki>: Well, there is no – unfortunately, Kartik, there is no perfect – there's no industry benchmark for 
what kind of the aggregate growth is for all of the data processors, etcetera. And so the proxy that I believe people have 
used historically is what's technology spend for banking and financial institutions space, which has kind of been the 4 
to 6 range. I've seen a number of – a number of different reports and consultants and pundits who are talking about the 
fact that that number could be substantially less, it could be more like 2%. The problem that I have in using any of that 
data is because we have such a wide array of products, we have over 800 different products in our mix, you know, the 
growth rate associated with debit is much different than the growth rate associated with servers. And so I don't have a 
good proxy for the industry except to say that I believe that Fiserv should be able to grow at a level that is a multiple of 
whatever the industry is, given the kinds of things that we are doing. So that is our take right now. 

We'll talk about this in more detail in November as we really lay out how we see – how we see the future and kind of 
break down the different industries and the growth rates inherent in those industries. I would also say that I've become 
increasingly confident that the revenue that we need to generate, the internal revenue that we need to generate is – is – 
can be less than I thought two years ago, given the leverage that we have in our business model. So I think we could 
grow – I think we'll be able to grow at – our earnings at rates that are higher than I thought we would be able to do 
historically, given the addition of CheckFree and some of the other things we've done on the efficiency side. But again 
we'll talk about that in some detail in November. 

<Q - Kartik Mehta>: One last question, Tom. On the – you talked about the payment segment, I just wanted to make 
sure I understood the financial segment and maybe the sequential margin improvement you'd anticipate out of that 
segment for the rest of 2008. 


<A - Thomas Hirsch>: That was the – I'm sorry, Kartik, was that the financial segment? 

<Q - Kartik Mehta>: Yes, Tom. 

<A - Thomas Hirsch>: Yes, we've had very solid margins in there. We're not giving obviously segment guidance – 
we're saying that in total we're going to be up about – at a minimum 125 basis points. We have had the lending have an 
impact in that particular segment, obviously that business is down, it has a margin impact and licenses were a little 
slower as far as installed in the second quarter. But overall we should continue to see improvement going forward over 
the long-term. And again, you know, we gave combined guidance on the financial and payments of 125 basis points. So 
notwithstanding the license revenue impact on a quarter-over-quarter basis, our margins are continue to – over the 
long-term are going to continue to improve. 

<Q - Kartik Mehta>: Thank you very much. 

<A - Jeffery Yabuki>: Thanks, Kartik. 

Operator 

Thank you. Your next question comes from Julio Quinteros of Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros, Jr.>: Great, thanks. The 125 basis points and the improvement in the organic revenue growth 
for the year, what is the implied assumption there for termination fees in the back half of the year? 

<A - Thomas Hirsch>: We have typically not had a lot in the back half of the year. And so there's not a lot baked into 
that for that particular area. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros, Jr.>: Okay, great. And then for the growth in EBITDA and free cash flow, as you think about 
that in the second half of 2008, you know, is that beginning to moderate or how do we think about the pace of it given 
how strong it's been so far in the first half of 2008? 

<A - Thomas Hirsch>: Well, I think we've given – we've increased our guidance for free cash flow. We've taken into 
that guidance the – for the year, the increase in capital expenditures. We obviously have done a substantial job on the 
working capital front in the first half of the year. But we're very confident in that free cash flow guidance, and the only 
thing in the second half that's a little different, Julio, is obviously the insurance piece will be less compared to the first 
half, where we have the full cash flow from those businesses versus potentially our share of that particular cash flow. 
So that's the only thing to consider. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros, Jr.>: Okay. And then on the clients that you added on the bill pay, I think it was 146 electronic 
bill payment clients: what's the general sense on the average revenue per client that you're adding there? 

<A - Thomas Hirsch>: Yeah, you know, it's a – Julio, it's a little bit of – it depends upon the client. I mean, we 
typically have not talked about that. I would say that – sorry, we've not talked about it specifically on a client by client 
basis. But I would say by... 

<Q - Julio Quinteros, Jr.>: That's overall? 

<A - Thomas Hirsch>: I mean advise us to be smaller than what CheckFree would be doing on its own because a lot 
of this is going to core. And we think that even though it will generate some nice revenue gains over the next 12 
months, that as you know, because this is a – this is a fast growing transaction business, that that growth – we will 
benefit from that growth for a number of years to come. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros, Jr.>: Great. And, finally, just where are we in terms of thinking about international 
opportunities, international sales strategies? Any updates that you can give us there in terms of where you're thinking 
about going as we think about more of the global opportunity for Fiserv? 


<A - Thomas Hirsch>: We'll talk a little about that in November, Julio, but kind of the shorthand version is we've been 
really focused on integrating CheckFree and making sure that we have a sustainable model here in the US. We think 
we're getting quite close to that and I suspect that 2009 will be the year in which we put extreme amount of focus on 
what to do internationally. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros, Jr.>: Great, thanks, guys. 

<A - Thomas Hirsch>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Your next question comes from Charlie Murphy of Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Charles Murphy>: Thanks, Jeff. Flood processing revenues have been weak, or they seem to have been weak for 
a while. What do you expect in that business for the back half of this year? I know it's very profitable revenue. 

<A - Thomas Hirsch>: We are changing, Charlie. Obviously we're going to have a 49% share of that still. You know, 
as the transaction closes we're going to be reflecting the income on a one line item net of tax. So it's not going to have 
any benefit from that standpoint. But I do think that business is a well-run business. We hope to leverage more of that 
business through our partnership with Stone Point. And that business should improve over the second half of the year 
due to the premium gains that they've had in that business, along with other efficiencies. But that won't be reflected on 
our top line just because of the transaction closing that we did here in regard to that insurance sale. 

<Q - Charles Murphy>: Okay, great. And as very quick follow-up, is it fair to assume that in the second half of this 
year that the home equity business will not be a material drag on organic growth? 

<A - Thomas Hirsch>: That's correct, it's going to continue to improve as we go through the second half of the year, 
because a couple of things are happening there. One, the comparisons get much easier as we go into Q3 and then much 
easier as we go into Q4. That being said, we have had stable revenues in that business in the first and the second 
quarter. But it is something that we continue to watch closely, but we are going to have improvement, forecasted 
improvement in the second half just because of those comparisons if we stay where we're at in that business. 

<Q - Charles Murphy>: Thanks very much. 

<A - Jeffery Yabuki>: Thanks, Charlie. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Glenn Greene of Oppenheimer. 

<Q - Glenn Greene>: Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. 

<A - Thomas Hirsch>: Hi, Glenn. 

<A - Jeffery Yabuki>: Hey, Glenn. 

<Q - Glenn Greene>: I just want to go back to the macro environment, Jeff, and just sort of get your thoughts on – 
well it sounds like business as usual, generally business as usual. If you sort of looked out six, nine months how would 
you sort of handicap what you would be worried about, whether it's increased bank consolidation, further pricing 
pressure. It sounds like you're not too worried about bank failures meaningfully impacting you. Just sort of how do you 
sort of think about the issues that may or may not impact you on the order of magnitude? 

<A - Jeffery Yabuki>: Sure. And I should probably clarify for the good of the emails that I'll get after this. But 
business as usual is kind of a – more of a broad moniker. I think again, I think there's a lot of consternation and 
pensiveness in the marketplace, whether it be consumers or their financial institutions. I think a lot of people are paying 


attention. When I talk about business as usual, I mean that for the most part people are still focused on getting new 
clients, gathering lower cost deposits, extending services, and then of course you have to obviously look for efficiency 
and manage regulatory risk and those kinds of things. So that doesn't go away. I mean that's kind of the mandate of 
being a financial institution. Much of our revenue is connected to that kind of activity. So that's – when we talk about 
business as usual, that's kind of broad strokes. 

In terms of you look out six to nine months, and I think we're going to continue to see the weakness that we're seeing in 
the general landscape now. I think we'll continue to see kind of at least for one more quarter, if not two more quarters, 
kind of the continuing headline noise and I think that will continue to affect people psychologically. The bank failure 
point, I mean you'd have to go back to – excuse me, to the late '80s to see the kind of failure, the failure rates that 
people are talking about now. Again, it's our sense in really trying to break down the businesses, that failures – failures 
are really kind of a brick and mortar issue, and not an account and transaction kind of issue. And so again, as the – as a 
scale participant there, I believe we will – we could have accounts switching from institution to institution, but on 
balance I believe that the net wins will overtake any losses that we would have in that space. So from my perspective 
I'm not too worried about that item. 

But I think we're going to have generally just an extension of what's going on, going on now – or an elongation of 
what's going on now. And I would reiterate though that the place that business is usual is not the case, is really in this 
term of art that we're playing around with and that's, you know, nondiscretionary, non-mission critical technology 
licenses. And I do think that people are going to be – they're going to keep their hands on their wallets a little bit more 
in those categories because until we can see signs that we've hit bottom, I think people are going to save up for a rainy 
day. So I think that's the area that the industry in general has the most risk. 

<Q - Glenn Greene>: On your – your neighbor had his conference call a couple of days ago and he sort of talked about 
his biggest worry was increased bank consolidation. That's kind of what I was getting at was, if you sort of look at the 
various factors, whether it's pricing, slowdown of discretionary spending, increased consolidation, bank failures, 
whatnot. Would bank consolidation be the most worrisome thing? 

<A - Jeffery Yabuki>: Well, that's a little bit of a nuanced question. Because we are in the interesting position, the 
majority of our core processing is done to – done with community-based institutions, whether they be banks, thrifts or 
credit unions. And I don't think you're going to see a massive amount of consolidation in that space that would actually 
take the core processing out of that space. If you go up to the tier two or the mid tier of the market, you can easily see 
scenarios where the core processing that occurs there could be consolidated across the mid tier. Or even more 
interesting is could that mid tier go into tier one, and most of the tier one banks do their own core processing. And so if 
you're providing services to that group, I think you have more risk. Our risk profile doesn't carry that because again, our 
core processing is centered on the community-based institution space, and the services that we provide at the mid tier 
and the top tier tend to be our Internet banking, our bill pay, our risk management services. And we think in those cases 
given our scale, that we won't be affected in any event. 

<Q - Glenn Greene>: Okay, that's great. 

<A - Jeffery Yabuki>: At least not materially. 

<Q - Glenn Greene>: That's very helpful. And then just a different direction, and you alluded to it a little bit. But an 
update on the discussions with the larger financial institutions, the pace of activity. Has it stayed strong like it was in 
the last couple of quarters, and your optimism about landing some meaningful deals by the end of the year. 

<A - Jeffery Yabuki>: You know, we are a little bit less focused on deals at this stage given all that we have going on, 
and the level of opportunity that we have. You know, we'll continue to survey the landscape as there are transactions 
that may become available. But we – you know, our priorities around capital deployment are fairly clear and we've 
stated them. And you know, we have a lot of capital and a lot of ability to do things. But we want to be focused on 
delivering value for shareholders right now. 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from John Kraft of D.A. Davidson. 

<Q - John Kraft>: Good afternoon, I'll just make these hopefully very quick clarifications. But Jeff, the bill pay wins, 
the 140, obviously nice number. Two thirds of those were to existing core clients. Are those primarily being sold by 
your core account reps or by CheckFree reps? 

<A - Jeffery Yabuki>: That's an interesting question. You know, these are being sold primarily by our account 
managers who work in our core processing businesses. We've worked very hard as part of our theme – theme two 
initiative to educate our account managers on the different products that we have, and we've put significant energy 
since we acquired CheckFree to be able to educate our people and how to work with our core processors, whether those 
are greenfield opportunity or competitive displacement. So that really is being done by our account managers with 
support coming from both the CheckFree organization as well as our Paytraxx organization. 

<Q - John Kraft>: And CheckFree reps primarily still kind of cater to where they used, to the larger bank market? 

<A - Jeffery Yabuki>: Absolutely. Call it the top 200. 

<Q - John Kraft>: Okay. And then this online advantaged product that you mentioned, sounds interesting. Presumably 
you're use something of the Corillian technology, is that going to be sold both as an Internet banking and a bill pay 
offering? And will it be subscription? 

<A - Jeffery Yabuki>: In fact, the initial release of the product is the hosted model. And we probably will not have the 
licensed model available till late in 2009. It is a very tight integration between the Corillian and the Voyager platform, 
and our EDPP, and so there will clearly be capabilities, both consumer experiential, as well as some of the revenue 
things that I referenced, that will only be available in that product and so we think we'll see some pretty nice 
capabilities there. We'll also – we plan to actually do some fairly deep dive and do demos of this in November, so we're 
excited to show it to all of you. 

<Q - John Kraft>: Okay, great. And then lastly, the success, the recent success in the de novo market, is that – what 
would you attribute that to? What are you doing differently now? 

<A - Jeffery Yabuki>: And it's really not – it's not so much in the de novo market because the de novo market has 
actually shrunk a lot. It's in the competitive – in competitive displacements where the majority of our wins have come 
this year. And I really think it comes from us having a more robust value proposition because we're going to market as 
one Fiserv, in terms of not just making sure that we're having the right core processor at the table, but making sure that 
we have the breadth of capabilities that we have, whether they be CheckFree's bill payment or whether it be Voyager's 
Internet banking platform, EFT, net economy, bank intelligence, whatever it is, we're really bringing the entire 
enterprise to bear on the market and frankly that's paying some pretty big dividends. 

<Q - John Kraft>: Okay, great, thanks, guys. 

<A - Jeffery Yabuki>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Your last question comes from Pat Burton of Citi. 

<Q - Patrick Burton>: Hi. Congratulations on the quarter. 

<A - Jeffery Yabuki>: Hi, Pat. Thank you. 

<Q - Patrick Burton>: My question: on the 10 million share buyback, is that just from the sale or is there an additional 
authorization still in place from prior to that announcement? 


<A - Thomas Hirsch>: No, that's a new authorization. There's nothing remaining on the previous one. So that's the one 
we just did here in July. 

<Q - Patrick Burton>: Okay, and with the strong free cash flow year to date and the sales proceeds, I guess I'll just 
ask you, A, the timing, and B, how you came up with the 10 million share number, because it seems to me you could 
presumably have done 15 or something like that million shares. Thanks. 

<A - Thomas Hirsch>: Thanks, Pat. And I think from my perspective is that you know, we've done 10 million share 
authorization, we're going to continue to allocate our capital effectively for our shareholders. We have shown that 
before in the past as far as our repurchases go. We're going to balance that with obviously our internal investments and 
acquisition opportunities and obviously the debt repayment that we have to do to get to that two and a half times 
leverage by the end of '09. But we do have good flexibility right now with our strong free cash flow and we will 
allocate that capital appropriately. 

<Q - Patrick Burton>: And I guess one last quick one: how much money do you anticipate coming in when the last 
piece of shareholder services is sold? 

<A - Thomas Hirsch>: That is not going to be that significant. The more significant piece came in already. But that 
will be around in the range of 100, somewhere in that range. 

<Q - Patrick Burton>: And the timing of the buyback, just pro rata over 


<A - Thomas Hirsch>: yes, we'll continue to buy back over the next couple of quarters. 

<Q - Patrick Burton>: Couple of quarters, okay, thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. 

<A - Jeffery Yabuki>: Go ahead, Stacy, sorry. 

Operator 

Thank you. I'd like to turn the call back to Mr. Yabuki for closing comments. 

Jeffery W. Yabuki, President and Chief Executive Officer 

I guess at this hour I was a little bit anxious. Thanks, everyone, for joining us. I know our call went a little longer than 
we typically do. But if you have further questions, please don't hesitate to contact our Investor Relations team and, as 
always, thanks for your support. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


