Q4 2008 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Warren Ligan, Senior Vice President, Treasury and Investor Relations 
• Thomas J. Smach, Chief Financial Officer 
• Michael McNamara, Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Jim Suva 
• Alexander Blanton 
• Matthew Sheerin 
• Kevin Kessel 
• Louis Miscioscia 
• Steven Fox 
• Yuri Krapivin 
• Amit Daryanani 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon and welcome to the Flextronics Fourth Quarter Results Conference Call. All lines will be on listen-only 
until the Q&A session of today's conference. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded. If you have any 
objections, please disconnect at this time. 

I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Warren Ligan, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may 
begin. 

Warren Ligan, Senior Vice President, Treasury and Investor Relations 

Thank you, operator; ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining the conference call to discuss the results of 
Flextronics's fourth quarter and fiscal year ended March 31, 2008. To help communicate the data in this call, you can 
also view a presentation on the Internet. Please go to the Investors Section of our website and select Calls and 
Presentations. You will need to click through the slides, so we will give you the slide number we are referring to. 

Slide number 2, please note that this conference call contains forward-looking statements within the meanings of the 
US securities laws including statements related to revenue and earnings guidance; future revenue and earnings growth; 
expected improvements in operating margin; future cash flows; ROIC and SG&A expense levels; our expectation of 
continued growth in the current economic environment, the expected benefits resulting from our geographically 
diversified business and our broad based products, services, and component technologies offerings; the expected 
benefits from our acquisition and long-term investment strategy; and our expectations of the benefits, cost savings, and 
revenues to be obtained from the Solectron acquisition. 

These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially 
from those anticipated by these statements. Information about the risk is noted in the earnings press release on slide 16 
of this presentation, and in the Risk Factors and MD&A section of our latest Annual Report filed with the SEC as well 


as in our other SEC filings. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and we assume no 
obligation to update these statements. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking 
statements. 

In addition, throughout this conference call we will use non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the schedules to 
the earnings press release, slides 7 and 8 of the presentation, and the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation in the Investor 
section of our website, which contain the reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. 

On the call with me today is Mike McNamara, our Chief Executive Officer, and Tom Smach, our Chief Financial 
Officer. I will turn the first part of the call over to Tom to go through the financial portion of our prepared remarks and 
then Mike will provide commentary along with guidance and then open the call to questions. Go ahead, Tom. 

Thomas J. Smach, Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Warren, and good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. We're on slide 3. Quarterly revenue increased $3.1 billion 
or 66% from the year ago quarter to a fourth quarter record high $7.8 billion, which was towards the higher end of to 
our expectation of 7.5 to 7.9 billion. Our quarterly operating results reflect good earnings leverage. While year over 
year quarterly sales grew 66%, adjusted gross profit increased 75% and adjusted operating profit increased 86%. 
Adjusted net income amounted to a fourth quarter record high $215 million, which is a 76% increase over the year ago 
quarter. This resulted in a fourth quarter record high adjusted earnings per share of $0.26, which is a 30% increase from 
$0.20 in the year ago quarter. 

Slide 4, adjusted gross margin improved 30 basis points from 5.9% in the March 2007 quarter to 6.2% in the March 
2008 quarter, while adjusted operating margin improved 40 basis points to 3.4% in the March 2008 quarter from 3.0% 
in the year ago quarter. 

Slide 5, fiscal year revenue increased $8.7 billion or 46% from the prior fiscal year to a record high $27.6 billion. Our 
fiscal year operating results also reflect good earnings leverage. While year over year sales grew 46%, adjusted gross 
profit increased 50% and adjusted operating profit and net income both grew 56%. Adjusted net income amounted to a 
fiscal year record high $745 million, which is a 56% increase over the prior fiscal year. This resulted in a fiscal year 
record high adjusted earnings per share of $1.02, which is a 28% increase over $0.80 in the prior fiscal year. 

Slide 6, adjusted gross margin improved 20 basis points from 5.7% in fiscal 2007 to 5.9% in fiscal 2008, while adjusted 
operating margin improved 20 basis points from 3.0% in fiscal 2007 to 3.2% in fiscal 2008. 

Slide 7, during the March 2008 quarter, the company recognized pre-tax restructuring and other charges of 
approximately $233 million primarily related to the restructuring and integration activities associated with the 
Solectron acquisition. These previously announced restructuring activities which include closing, consolidating, and 
relocating certain manufacturing and administrative operations, reducing excess workforce and capacity, and the 
elimination of redundant assets, will optimize the company's future operational efficiency. 

Pre-tax intangible amortization and stock-based compensation amounted to $61 million and $15 million respectively in 
the March 2008 quarter compared to $15 million and $8 million respectively in the year ago quarter. 

GAAP net income amounted to $121 million or $0.20 per diluted share in the March 2007 quarter compared to a net 
loss of $93 million or a loss of $0.11 per share in the March 2008 quarter. 

Slide 8, during fiscal 2008, the company recognized pre-tax restructuring and other charges of approximately $514 
million, primarily related to the restructuring and integration activities associated with the Solectron acquisition. The 
company also wrote down its US deferred tax assets by $661 million during fiscal 2008 as a result of the Solectron 
acquisition. The company also recognized other pre-tax charges of approximately $61 million primarily related to the 
impairment and sale of certain non-core investments. We received approximately $57 million in cash proceeds from the 
sale of these investments. 


Pre-tax intangible amortization and stock-based compensation amounted to 117 million and 51 million respectively in 
fiscal 2008 compared to 50 million and 32 million respectively in the prior fiscal year. 

GAAP net income amounted to $509 million or $0.85 per diluted share in fiscal 2007 compared to a net loss of 639 
million or $0.89 per share in fiscal 2008. 

Slide 9, the Computing segment comprised 18% of March quarter revenue, which represents an increase of $959 
million or 204% over the prior year quarter. The Consumer Digital segment comprised 12% of revenue, which 
represents a decrease of $16 million or 2% from the year ago quarter. The Infrastructure segment comprised 36% of 
revenue, which represents an increase of $1.5 billion or 114% over the year ago quarter. The Mobile segment 
comprised 18% of revenue, which represents a decrease of $32 million or 2% from the year ago quarter. And the 
Industrial, Automotive, Medical, and other segment comprised 16% of revenue, which represents an increase of 698 
million or 132% over the year ago quarter. Our top 10 customers accounted for approximately 54% of revenue in the 
March 2008 quarter with only Sony-Ericsson exceeding 10%. Our top 10 customer percentage has decreased from 63% 
in the year ago quarter, reflecting further customer diversification. 

Slide 10, return on invested capital improved 40 basis points to 10.8% in fiscal 2008 from 10.4% in the previous fiscal 
year. This is the highest annual level of ROIC attained by the company in the last seven fiscal years. 

Slide 11, we ended the fiscal year with $1.7 billion in cash, which is $1 billion more than the cash balance as of the end 
of last fiscal year. Net debt, which is total debt less total cash, was $1.7 billion at March 31, 2008. Including our 
availability under our revolving credit facility, total liquidity was approximately $3.6 billion and our debt-to-capital 
ratio was 30%. 

Slide 12, cash conversion cycle came in at 25 days. Inventory decreased $153 million sequentially as turns fell to 7.0 
times on seasonally lower sales. Receivables decreased $91 million sequentially while days sales outstanding increased 
6 days to 42 days. And accounts payable decreased 525 million while days payable outstanding increased 8 days to 70 
days. 

Slide 13, during the fiscal year, we generated over $1 billion in cash flow from operations. Depreciation and 
amortization amounted to $451 million in the fiscal year. CapEx amounted to $328 million and acquisition payments 
totaled $629 million during the year. 

We like to thank you ladies and gentlemen very much. As you turn to slide 14, I will now turn the call over to Mike 
McNamara. 

Michael McNamara, Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Tom. I'm very proud of the hard work and contribution of our employees and management across the globe in 
making fiscal 2008 a transformational year for not only Flextronics, but perhaps the entire EMS industry. We are 
extremely pleased with the operational execution of the company as we met or exceeded our financial commitments 
and established many financial records while integrating the biggest and most complex acquisition in the company's 
history. While investors can't really see it, we are also operating at record customer service levels as our performance to 
customer expectations increased to probably our highest level ever. 

The Solectron acquisition was the defining event for our company as it created the most diversified and premier global 
supplier of advanced design and vertically integrated electronic manufacturing services. The scale, diversification, and 
expanded breadth of capabilities gained through this acquisition have further enhanced our competitive position. We 
have now become the market leader in most EMS product market segments and our increased scale and capabilities 
will enable us to further extend our market segment reach and realize significant cost savings to increase shareholder 
value through greater generation of cash flows and earnings. 

During this past fiscal year, we have added new vertical capabilities including machining and touch screens while 
simultaneously expanding capabilities in virtually every one of our existing vertical segments. We have substantially 


expanded our power supply capability and expect to be one of the top power supply companies within 18 months. 

In addition to expanding our vertical capabilities, we have also made our company more diversified across more 
markets and have expanded the available market to us. We have now expanded into the desktop, notebook, disposable 
medical devices, and medical plastics markets. 

We have added over 1,000 design engineers across a variety of segments and have expanded our ODM/CDM portfolio. 
Through the revenue and scale that we have added along with the continued geographic expansion and relentless drive 
to reduce operating expenses, we have increased our competitive advantage by offering our customers lower cost 
solutions with enhanced capabilities. We have spent the last 10 years building sustainable competitive advantages that 
have created an incredibly diversified company that we believe allows us to perform well even in a down economic 
environment. 

While the growth rates of many companies in our space have slowed, we are continuing to capture market share, which 
we believe is confirmation that our customers have confidence in our company to improve their competitiveness and 
meet their market demands through our broad array of market focused capabilities. 

We have continued to separate ourselves from our North American competition. Excluding acquisitions, Flextronics 
grew its organic revenue by over $3 billion in fiscal 2008 or more than a 15% organic growth rate compared to no total 
revenue growth in the comparable period for the combined revenues of the next top-five North American EMS 
competitors. Based on the most recent quarterly combined revenues for the next top-five North American EMS 
companies, Flextronics individually is the same size of the entire group and our adjusted net profit is 1.7 times larger 
than the group. 

We continue to increase our scale across all the market segments we serve and enjoy the cost advantages that are 
achieved with scale. Two years ago, we had virtually no medical capital equipment, self-service, automotive, and 
connected home business. We believe we are currently the largest EMS supplier of each of these products in the world 
today. Our market position in datacom and telecom is even more impressive as we believe we are 2.5 times bigger in 
this segment than any of our competitors in the world today with a strong offering of vertical services and design 
engineering in this segment. 

Our customers' solutions increasingly require cost structures and capabilities that can only be achieved through size and 
our scale is a significant competitive advantage. We have decreased SG&A as a percent of sales each year in the last 
four years, lowering it from 3.5% in the March 2005 quarter to 2008 in the March 2008 quarter. We will expect this to 
improve again next year. Our SG&A leverage ratio, which we believe is one of the lowest in the EMS industry, is just 
one example of the competitive advantage we gain through our size and scale. 

With over 200,000 employees working around the world on various diverse product categories and verticals, we 
believe we are very well positioned to compete into the future. We believe the effective management of this complex 
worldwide system is in itself a competitive advantage with significant barriers to entry. As the world continues to 
evolve and emerging markets continue to command more importance in the capital markets, we are extremely pleased 
with our positioning. 

The pipeline of new business opportunities is as large and as promising as I can ever recall and our bookings have 
accelerated in last several months. With regard to demand, overall was towards the high end of our March quarter 
expectations, whereas earnings exceeded the high end of our guidance. Actual revenue in the March quarter was $7.8 
billion versus our expectation of 7.5 to $7.9 billion, and adjusted EPS was $0.26 a share versus our guidance of $0.22 
to $0.24. 

We were able to meet our revenue guidance primarily as a result of operating a large diversified company, which is not 
overly dependent on a particular geographic region, market segment, customer, or product. In addition, our healthy 
ramp of new business wins backed up by an all-time high pipeline of new business opportunities should provide an 
offset against future macroeconomic organic demand driven softness. 


Our better than expected operating performance is attributable in part to our successful integration of the Solectron 
acquisition, which I believe is one of the most successful large scale acquisitions ever completed in any industry. We 
significantly exceeded our original 2008 fiscal year guidance as revenues increased $8.7 billion or 46%. Fiscal year 
adjusted earnings per share increased 28% in 2008 compared to our original guidance of 15 to 20%. Adjusted operating 
margin improved throughout the year, ending with a fourth quarter year over year increase of 40 basis points to 3.4%, 
which also exceed our original target of 3.3. This is the fourth quarter in a row that adjusted operating margins 
increased sequentially. And we ended with a six-year high watermark for the fourth quarter. 

Perhaps even more importantly, return on invested capital increased by 40 basis points to 10.8% in fiscal '08, which is 
the highest level in 7 years. This is further confirmation that our revenue growth is generating higher incremental 
ROIC. We expect this trend to continue into the foreseeable future. 

Our balance sheet is in very good shape with over 1.7 billion in cash with no short-term debt maturities and a 
debt-to-capital leverage ratio of only 30%. Operations generated positive cash flow of over $1 billion for the year and 
free cash flow was $715 million. We continue to expect to generate positive free cash flow of $800 million in fiscal '09, 
which is after estimated CapEx of approximately $450 million, which is also our depreciation estimate for fiscal '09. 

While I'm pleased with these results and believe they are a testament to our strong operational execution, I can assure 
you we are not resting on our past accomplishments. Slide 15, June quarter revenues should be approximately 8 to $8.5 
billion and adjusted EPS should be approximately $0.27 to $0.29 per share. GAAP earnings per share are expected to 
be lower than the guidance provided herein by approximately $0.07 as a result of quarterly intangible amortization and 
stock-based compensation expense and by approximately $0.03 to $0.04 as a result of previously announced remaining 
restructuring and other charges primarily related to the Solectron acquisition in the range of 30 to $40 million. 

Before we move into the Q&A segment of our call, I want to remind everybody that I told you on our last earnings call 
in January that part of our stock-based compensation includes restricted stock grants to executive officers that began to 
invest in April 2008. As a result, I stated this would result in some insider selling under 10b5-1 plans and it should not 
be interpreted as any indication of insider views on valuation or outlook. It is the insiders monetizing the shares 
primarily to pay the related income taxes resulting from the investing of restricted shares. You should expect to see 
some additional selling in May as additional shares are vesting. None of this selling is material to the options and 
shareholdings of these insiders and you should expect the same next year on these same dates. 

Slide 16, there are real risks of operating in this business, which includes a macroeconomic or technology slowdown 
among other things. Please pay particular attention in this slide in light of the current market conditions. 

I will now turn the conference call over to the operator for questions. Please limit yourself to one question and one 
follow-up. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Jim Suva, Citigroup. Your line is open. 

<Q - Jim Suva>: Great, thank you very much and congratulations, gentlemen. A quick question on your June outlook, 
can you give us a little bit of breakdown about the organic? And then I know you recently closed some acquisitions. 
What's layered on there for acquisitions? 

<A - Thomas Smach>: Jim, I don't think we have that number off the top of our head as to what is acquisition related 
and what is organic. So I think we're going to have to get back to you and break that out. I am sorry for that. 

<Q - Jim Suva>: Great, I'll follow up then with a second question then, Tom. At your Investor Day, you gave a full 
year outlook for both sales and EPS. EPS I believe is $1.20 to $1.30 and revenues of 34.5 to 36.5. What's the update to 
that? 


<A - Thomas Smach>: As you know, every November we give an outlook of what we think it might look like the 
following year and then we limit our guidance to quarterly guidance. So, while not giving full year guidance at this 
point, we continue to look at those numbers and those targets that were established. We continue to be comfortable 
with those targets but we are only giving one quarter guidance at this time. 

<Q - Jim Suva>: Okay, then as my follow-up, I believe you said CapEx of 450 million. It looks like that that's a fair 
amount of increase over this past 12 months. Can you maybe explain to us about where that capacity, where are those 
dollars are going in: into building like in Vietnam or what are you doing with that and what should we look forward to 
because it seems like this is in addition to the acquisitions you're making? 

<A - Michael McNamara>: It's an addition, but again we're coming off a much higher revenue base because now we 
have the whole Solectron piece in there and we expect to earn and grow on that Solectron piece as well. So having it be 
roughly equivalent to our CapEx was our target last year. We exceeded that target for a number of different reasons, but 
once again we're actually hoping to drive the business organically and at the same time hold CapEx to be equal to 
depreciation, which is where we came up with the $450 million number. 

And I would say it's a real broad range of investments. In some cases, it's to grow our vertical business. In some cases, 
it's to grow our more traditional EMS business, electronic EMS business. There are a few buildings in there, but 
probably less than there were last year. And in terms of geographic expansion, the only thing we're really 
contemplating at this point is to head into Russia. So it's not really as much new locations, but it is a pretty broad based 
expansion across verticals and more traditional EMS market segments. 

<Q - Jim Suva>: Great, thank you and congratulations. 

<A - Michael McNamara>: Thanks. 

<A - Thomas Smach>: Jim, I have the answer to that acquisition revenue question. So, incrementally in the June 
quarter, acquisitions would contribute less than $150 million of incremental revenue in the June quarter compared to 
March. 

<Q - Jim Suva>: Thank you very much, Tom. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from Alex Blanton, Ingalls & Snyder. Your line is open. 

<Q - Alexander Blanton>: Good afternoon. 

<A - Michael McNamara>: Good afternoon. 

<Q - Alexander Blanton>: At the Construction Equipment Show in Las Vegas in March, it was disclosed that 
Flextronics is the manufacturer of a new small vertical manlift for JLG Industries. And I believe that's a new market for 
you, Michael, the industrial market, and you're making the whole thing for them. It's a small unit. The retail price is 
about $2,000, but it is a new thing for you to be making industrial products instead of electronic products. So, could 
you discuss that and say what your plans are and are you going to move further into that market? And then I have a 
follow-up to that. 

<A - Michael McNamara>: Yes, so that's correct. We are building that device and we view the industrial market, if I 
think about that broadly, we think about a lot of different things in there. We think about solar. We think about 
controls. We think about security products. We think about even what you just mentioned in terms of lifts, small 
mechanical lifts. There is a whole range of industrial products that we have traditionally not tapped, and we have been 
aggressively pursuing that market for a couple of years now. I think in FY '06 our business, in that business – in that 
category, the sum of all those industrial products was about $600 million. And just go forward a year, we expect to do 
well over $3 billion in it. So this is an area that's probably growing faster than – maybe as fast or faster than any other 
product category and we actually anticipate that continuing over the next couple of years. 


We view it as a market that continued to diversify us away from the more traditional electronic manufacturing services 
product categories, and that diversification is something that's very, very important to us. And I think it's one of the 
reasons in particular that it will enable Flextronics to work through the current macroeconomic challenges with 
continuing to have a good growth rate is by diversifying into these different regions. So we're pretty excited about it 
and it plays a lot into some of the additional verticals we have in terms of machining and some of the heavy duty 
plastics that we do as well as sheet metal. And so it plays on a lot of the existing verticals we have, so we're very active 
in that market. 

<Q - Alexander Blanton>: This 3 billion is non-electrical – non-electronic; it's more regular industrial? 

<A - Michael McNamara>: It's still very electrical, but it tends to have less and less electrical content. I mean it 
certainly has a tremendous amount, a tremendous reduction of electrical content compared to the telecom industry. 

<Q - Alexander Blanton>: What I'm talking about is mainly just steel and plastics. 

<A - Michael McNamara>: Yes, exactly. 

<Q - Alexander Blanton>: And the lift, okay. 

<A - Michael McNamara>: And you know, we are one of the biggest metal manufacturers around the world. We're 
rapidly expanding our machining operations. We've expanded machining into Mexico and China over the last year and 
our plastics business continues to be very robust. We're probably looking to grow that probably at least 30% this year, 
and we already have a base of about 1,500 plastics machines worldwide. So it leverages along a lot of those plastics 
lines. And again this is an attempt to diversify our products, our product categories some more, but as well leverage off 
the vertical strategy that we put in place. So, it's just new business and there tends to be a little bit of less competition 
out there for it. So hopefully, we will be able to drive a little bit better margins. 

<Q - Alexander Blanton>: Okay, now as a follow-up and by the way that product is called a LiftPod. Could you 
update us on what it looks like in the notebook area, and actually you mentioned desktops as well in your opening 
remarks? The notebook area with Arima as a base, what are you planning there? You could get business from Dell and 
Hewlett-Packard I believe because they're not happy with their dependence on Taiwanese companies necessarily. And 
also on the Russian LCD plant that you are going to open, I think you said somewhere that that could be at least $500 
million in the not too distant future? 

<A - Michael McNamara>: Yes, I will tackle the laptop/desktop one first. Our prime initiative is to go after laptops 
and we think the timing is right for a number of different reasons. One is as you mentioned the branding of the 
Taiwanese I think creates an opportunity for us and also the laptop market is growing and expanding in size. But also 
with the emerging markets, it's creating in some of the companies, the OEMs need to go into different kind of retail 
markets which are different. It creates a need for a lot more notebook design and a lot more geographic reach. So, when 
we think about the ability to geographically reach the rest of the world in emerging markets and at the same time have 
the scale to compete in notebooks and at the same time with the threat of the branding of the Taiwanese, it lends itself 
to just a super opportunity for us to go grow that business. So, we would expect that to be one of – a real fast growing 
category for us. 

We're still in process of closing the second part of that acquisition, which will be done real soon, within weeks, but we 
are already having a tremendous amount of interest and success in terms of companies wanting to place business with 
us. So I'm actually quite bullish about the whole laptop market and really, really pleased with it. 

Desktop is just sometimes when you service the laptop customer, they also want desktops and so it something that 
we're going to be a little bit more careful about how we get into it, but it has a lot of the same product characteristics 
and a lot of overlap in capabilities. So, we'll probably most likely be pulled a little bit into desktops except once again 
be very, very careful in terms of the pricing and the investment that we will make there. And we have already ended up 
winning a couple of different desktop deals as a result of going into notebooks. So, we're going to head that way. But 
still, our prime objective is to really go penetrate the notebook market. 


And the last question is on Russia. This is a deal that's not yet done. This is a deal that has the potential to be closed. 
We still have some contingencies out there that need to be finished off as part of the contract. And some of those 
contingencies have to do with the government in terms of duty relief. And I think if we get that duty relief, we believe 
that it has substantial opportunity to be a very, very attractive place for both consumer and computing customers. So 
with consumers and computing customers, for them to reach $500 million is not at all a stretch over the next say two 
years. 

<Q - Alexander Blanton>: Okay, thanks. 

<A - Michael McNamara>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Matt Sheerin, Thomas Weisel Partners. Your line is open. 

<Q - Matthew Sheerin>: ...markets, it looked like both Infrastructure and Consumer was a little bit lighter than 
expected and more than seasonally. I know you talked about in your guidance that Consumer might have been a little 
bit more than seasonal. But could you talk about exactly what's happening with your customers in those markets? Was 
it demand related, any specific projects, and what are your outlooks for those businesses going forward? 

<A - Michael McNamara>: Yes, I think we actually missed the first part of your question. But I think that the 
comment is are we seeing softness in the Consumer markets and Enterprise markets or in the telecom market, sorry. 

<Q - Matthew Sheerin>: Yes, infrastructure and... 

<A - Michael McNamara>: Yes, infrastructure. Maybe we're seeing a little bit. But again, we're not really in those 
consumer markets and we're not in the enterprise market. We service those markets and at the same time, we're trying 
to do our best to – even if our customers are seeing some softness in the market, that doesn't mean we'll necessarily in 
the end see softness in those markets. So we are focused pretty hard at going and booking and winning new projects 
both in Consumer and Enterprise that would offset any potential weakness. 

So I think those markets will end up – I don't believe they will decrease at all for us in the year. I don't know if that's 
what you are getting at. I mean how our customers do is really dependent on the customers; but at the same time, we 
will spend our time booking other business within those markets and actually have a pretty good pipeline in both those 
markets of being able to add additional business even in light of any softness. So once again from our customers' 
standpoint, maybe they are seeing some softness but from a Flex standpoint in those market segments, we still expect to 
have a growth business this year. 

<Q - Matthew Sheerin>: Okay, thanks. And then just on the inventories, I know the inventory days is way up because 
of the revenue. But are you comfortable with that number or are you staging some inventory for June shipments? 

<A - Michael McNamara>: Our business goes up every June, so there is a little bit of that in there. But we are pretty 
much in a pretty – the number gets distorted a little bit because of the pretty significant revenue downturn that we 
always see in the March quarter. So, I think the additional inventory coming in from the Solectron acquisition tends to 
run a little bit lighter or runs a little bit slower just because of the nature of that enterprise kind of business. So, we'll 
work pretty hard this year. Where we spent a lot of last year doing the integration and consolidating facilities and such, 
we'll spend a lot more time next year working on the balance sheet and trying to optimize those inventory levels. So, I 
would say, I mean it is what is today but it is going to get a lot more attention than it got this year next year, so I think 
we will be able to drive some improvement. But without question, we are positioning a little bit for the June quarter. 

<Q - Matthew Sheerin>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 


The next question comes from Kevin Kessel, Bear Stearns. Your line is open. 

<Q - Kevin Kessel>: Hi, guys. 

<A - Michael McNamara>: Hi. 

<Q - Kevin Kessel>: So Mike, you mentioned a couple of times, I think on the call, the pipeline of business – the 
pipeline of new business and the focus obviously on generating new business, but could you help us maybe 
conceptually at least understand just roughly speaking, what this pipeline is as we go into fiscal '09 here from a dollars 
perspective? 

<A - Michael McNamara>: Yes. I can't give you a real good indication from a customer standpoint because our 
customers don't like that. And we actually went to talk to a few of them this time because we thought we'd give a little 
bit more color to it. But it's just an uphill battle so we chose to stay away from it, but the... 

<Q - Kevin Kessel>: What about in general like how are your end markets like maybe general by... 

<A - Michael McNamara>: In end markets, our business in servers I think going to go up pretty strongly this year 
despite the server market being down. I think the amount of new wins that we are seeing and some of the success that 
we brought on after we brought in our ODM server business is going to be really strong. I think we'll see continuing 
strength on the heels that I mentioned with the notebooks or the laptops and the desktops. I think we'll see – we're 
starting to see new product categories that we have not participated in before, even in consumer, that I think we're 
going to start hitting. So maybe a good example of that that I can describe is while the consumer business might be a 
little down for the consumer companies, we did about $20 million worth of LCD TVs last year; and next year we could 
easily end up with $500 million of that business, that's FY '09. 

So, even in light of any end customer weakness, our customers' customers' weakness, certainly we can grow the 
business. We're still looking to see probably – I mentioned in last call I think that we'd see a good 5 out of 7 and we are 
going to try to get it to 7 out of 7, but we thought we'd end up seeing 5 out of 7 with double digit growth rates, and 
we're continuing to see that. 

Industrial is strong. Medical is strong. Automotive is actually very, very strong. I mean all these will for sure see 
double digit growth rates. So I think there is – it's actually pretty broad based. Even mobile phones, we ended up only 
growing about 3% last year in terms of revenue. And this year we would expect to grow double digits just based on 
what we can already see and that's largely on the strength of some significant diversification that we were successful 
with this last year as some of our customers went down in revenue. So again, I think it's going to be reasonably 
broad-based. I also think our vertical categories, virtually every one of them is going to grow double digits. I can't think 
of whether it's printed circuit boards or Flex circuits or camera modules, displays, or mechanicals, power, I think every 
one of those will be into double digit growth rates and I say it's pretty broad based. 

<Q - Kevin Kessel>: And that's just all based like you said on just actual wins as opposed to potential forecasts or just 
new additive? 

<A - Michael McNamara>: Yes, I mean the reality of it is this year, we have pretty good visibility over – we already 
would have to have won it in order to see the next six months for sure. I mean maybe there is a March quarter upside 
that we haven't won yet. But pretty much these are things that we already see. 

<Q - Kevin Kessel>: And then just as a follow-up to Tom; Tom, just two things that jumped out of me. One is the 
depreciation and amortization was up significantly from what I can tell on a quarter to quarter basis, up almost 21%. 
And I just curious number one, why that was. And then secondly on interest expense, if I recall correctly I think last 
quarter you guys were expecting to come in some on mid to low 40s-ish and you came in quite a bit below that. So I'm 
just wondering how to think about that and what maybe the offsets might have been. Maybe it's foreign exchange, I 
don't know. 

<A - Thomas Smach>: Amortization was a little higher this quarter because we finalized some valuations, appraisals 
relating to the Solectron acquisition. And as a result of that, we had to adjust the amortization in this quarter. So you 


had a one-time bump up in this quarter that will get normalized back down next quarter. 

With regard to interest and other expense, we're just trying to manage that really aggressively, Kevin. I would expect 
going forward to have that line item run somewhere between 30 and $40 million a quarter. So we're definitely doing 
better. Maybe we were a little too conservative in the guidance that we previously gave. I think you'll see some 
improvement going forward, closer to levels that it's at today. So you could model in 30 to $40 million a quarter. 

<Q - Kevin Kessel>: And then just what about FX? I mean is there any – where do we see those impacts? I saw your 
cash flow show it was a negative 39 I think in the quarter and a negative 64 for the year, implying that it's accelerating 
in terms of the negative impact a little bit maybe. But where – I know you guys run hedging programs, I believe... 

<A - Thomas Smach>: Right, so the numbers you're talking about are the impact on cash flows, not the impact on 
profit. 

<Q - Kevin Kessel>: Right. 

<A - Thomas Smach>: So we run a very complex multinational company. We're in probably 35-plus countries. We 
probably transact in over 100 different currencies around the world. So at any one time, the dollar is strengthening or 
weakening against the various currencies that we operate in. So I would just say foreign currency management for us is 
day to day business. It's something that we're very, very active in. And knock on wood, so far we have never had to call 
out an impact specifically relating to foreign currency. In any one quarter, the foreign currency impact might be a little 
bit positive or a little bit negative, but we try to keep that as close to zero as possible due to various hedging programs 
that we have. So we don't really break out the impact on foreign currency in any particular quarter because we just try 
to manage it as close to zero as possible. 

<Q - Kevin Kessel>: Great, thank you very much. 

<A - Thomas Smach>: Okay. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Lou Miscioscia, Cowen and Company. Your line is open. 

<Q - Louis Miscioscia>: Yes, can you give us any comment – or an update just on China? I guess the first question 
would be and I don't think you have many facilities up in and around the Beijing area, but if anything that's coming in 
from the Olympics might have anything to do with either your facilities or maybe suppliers as the government there 
looks to maybe reduce air pollution to maybe shut down some sites. 

<A - Michael McNamara>: Yes, we don't have that much of a presence up there, as you said. We'll have one facility 
up there as result of the FRIWO acquisition. And then we have a factory in Tianjin area, and then we have another one 
in Shanghai. As far as the suppliers, I am not aware of any potential impact that we're going to go see, so I'm thinking 
it's not going to be significant. As a matter of fact, I think it's probably going to be insignificant. So, I think it's going to 
be not a problem. 

<Q - Louis Miscioscia>: Okay. How about just the change in obviously the RMB and the increase in wage rates? Is 
most of it just pretty easily – maybe that's not the right word, but is most of it passed along to your OEM customers? 

<A - Michael McNamara>: Theoretically, we all have increasing wage rates, and it's sometimes hard to get it 
immediately. And a lot of that pass along has to come with the bidding of the next project – with the next project or 
with the next available pricing discussion. So usually, there is a little bit of a lag effect and that's a little bit of a 
problem for us. But we do expect to recover it over time. And with us, I think it's a little bit less of a problem. We only 
have about 52% of our total business in Asia. And of that, a significant portion of it is in Indonesia, Singapore, and 
Malaysia. So, when you boil it down relative to a lot of our recent Taiwanese competition, it actually puts us in a little 
bit of an advantaged position. I think it's one of the reasons that our Mexico operations are growing significantly faster 
than our Asia operations are this year. So, I think we'll catch it, I think there is a little bit of a lag effect, and I think it 


puts a little a bit of pressure on us short term. But once again, it's not the majority of our numbers that are affected, but 
a portion. 

<Q - Louis Miscioscia>: Okay, great. 

<A - Michael McNamara>: And the products that we build in Asia, Lou, are obviously very short product life cycles, 
so the next generation product comes up quite rapidly, which is the longest it would be for pricing negotiations. 
Sometimes you even have pricing negotiations on existing products. But, fairly short product life cycles are built over 
in Asia. 

<Q - Louis Miscioscia>: Okay, good luck on the new year. 

<A - Michael McNamara>: Thanks. 

Operator 

The next question comes from Steven Fox, Merrill Lynch. Your line is open. 

<Q - Steven Fox>: Hi, good afternoon. 

<A - Michael McNamara>: Hi. 

<Q - Steven Fox>: The first question was the comment, Mike, you made on bookings accelerating as the quarter 
ended. Are you talking about new program wins or just organic business with existing customers? Can you just expand 
on that a little bit? 

<A - Michael McNamara>: Either one; I didn't want to separate it out. There are new customers that we're adding. 
There are new business that's coming into the marketplace I think as a result of the potential macroeconomic 
environment. And I think there are new customer wins and market share gains from existing customers. So I think it's a 
combination of all those things. And we really didn't differentiate one from the other except I think the entire pipeline is 
pretty robust and we're seeing our share of new customers as well as seeing our share of more opportunities with 
existing customers. 

<Q - Steven Fox>: With regard to market share gains that you classify, are you referring specifically to taking business 
from other EMS providers or just penetrating existing customers? 

<A - Michael McNamara>: It could. That tends to be a smaller percentage of it, but normally when I think about that, 
I think as a new program comes up, we're probably having more success winning that new program than anyone else. 
So while it may not be an extraction of business from someone else, maybe the next revision coming up is an 
opportunity for us. That's the more likely scenario, and then those we're having pretty good success with. This goes to 
the robustness of the offering now. 

<Q - Steven Fox>: Understood, and then last question, so since it looks like this year LCD TVs could be very sizeable 
at least in absolute terms, can you talk a little bit about – it's growing very fast in terms of the market penetration 
overall for outsourcing, but it seems like it's becoming more competitive. What type of margins do you expect to make? 
What kind of – talk a little bit about also what kind of vertical integration opportunities you have there to maybe stack 
some margins as well? What kind of model is it basically? 

<A - Michael McNamara>: I actually don't think it's getting more competitive. I mean I think it's intensely 
competitive and it already has been and I don't think it's taken up a notch. So, I actually think it's just more of the same. 

<Q - Steven Fox>: Okay. 

<A - Michael McNamara>: The verticals on TVs we have a number of different things. These big LCD TVs, the 
model needs to be a regional final assembly; and then there needs to be a distribution/repair activity associated with it. 
And we're very well positioned from that standpoint. We have plastics; whether it's in Mexico or Eastern Europe or in 


Asia, we have large form factor plastics in all those different operations. 

We have our own power solution for the TV marketplace. We have a full team of ODM design engineers that we have 
put together, hundreds that we put together over the last year. With the distribution and repair, it ends up being a real 
strong play for us. And this is one of the advantages that we have in terms of being the guy that can operate a 
worldwide system with the same process around the world. It's a huge competitive advantage and when you're drop in 
the verticals on top of it that are regionally located, it also is a pretty good advantage. So we have a nice set of verticals. 
Then of course there are the boards. There are a lot of basic electronic boards in these TVs. So, when you add it all up, 
the vertical opportunity on these things might be as high as 20%. And we're well positioned from that standpoint. We're 
well positioned geographically. 

<Q - Steven Fox>: What do you mean by 20%? 

<A - Michael McNamara>: A lot of times, the glass itself is a significant, very significant portion. So, when you add 
up the boards – and every TV is a little different. But you add in the large plastics, you add in the power system, if you 
add in there like the plastics, I mean that might end up being 20% of the total cost of the bomb. 

<Q - Steven Fox>: Okay, great; thank you very much. 

Operator 

The next question comes from Yuri Krapivin, Lehman Brothers. Your line is open. 

<Q - Yuri Krapivin>: Good afternoon. My first question is regarding your operating margins. You have a specific 
goal in mind for fiscal '09 because I remember that at the time of your analyst meeting, I thought you talked about 
achieving operating margin of around 3.8% in fiscal '09. 

<A - Michael McNamara>: Yes, so operating margins are heavily dependent as I think we've gone through many 
times. They are heavily dependent on the type of business that you book. If you book in an extra amount of notebooks 
and laptops, things like that, they tend to run a little bit lower operating margins with higher inventory turns. If you 
book a lot more medical and higher margin business, then you tend to drive up the margin. So really we have targets for 
each one of those different businesses. But the percent of business that we end up with, we never know for sure. 

So we have – but what we are seeing is if you look across the last four quarters, we have been able to for four straight 
quarters drive up the operating margins every single quarter. We continue to see opportunities to improve the operating 
margins going forward. We think the amount of vertical integration that we can do is going to be enhanced as a result 
of being called a $36 billion company. We're continuing to get SG&A leverage that is not going away and we expect to 
gain some more of that SG&A leverage this year. And we still expect some additional optimization from the overall 
acquisitions. So that in and amongst itself is providing us with a lot of opportunities, whether it's in procurement or 
whether it's in Lean Manufacturing implementation or just taking the best processes that we can find throughout the 
company, then implementing them. And if we can spend a lot of time focused on doing that, whereas the last two 
weeks we spent a lot of time focused on the acquisitions, we see continued possibilities to drive the margin up. So 
while it depends, we are still shooting to continuously drive the margins up and continue to drive the ROIC in a 
positive way. 

<Q - Yuri Krapivin>: Okay, great. And then I guess for Tom, what should we be modeling for the tax rate in fiscal 
'09? 

<A - Thomas Smach>: Our guidance continues to be 7 to 10%, and I would encourage you probably just to be in the 
midpoint of that range for right now. 

<Q - Yuri Krapivin>: Okay, thank you. 

<A - Thomas Smach>: Then why don't we take one more question and we will wrap up the call today? 


Operator 

Our next question comes from Amit Daryanani, RBC Capital. Your line is open. 

<Q - Amit Daryanani>: Thanks, good afternoon guys. Just a question, when I think back on the November Analyst 
day and the EPS range that you guys outlined, you had a bunch of drivers that drove that, be it the Solectron savings or 
the revenue attrition of the end market expectations. If you look at the drivers that led to that EPS range, have those 
drivers changed? Could you just give us an update on those drivers and how those have trended so far versus 
expectations? 

<A - Michael McNamara>: I think those are the EPS targets we are still driving to. If I can think of one thing that has 
changed, I think the macro – the economy makes us a little bit more nervous than it did in November. That being said, 
we probably have a stronger pipeline than we did in November and continue to have some pretty good success at being 
able to diversify out of any kind of softness that we may have. I think all in all, we're still heading for that same 
number. We still worry a little bit about all the news we read, and like I said the macroeconomic effects. But we also 
think that we're diversified enough and healthy enough and we have enough opportunities to drive operating profit 
improvement, like I mentioned with the BI and the SG&A leverage and the additional optimization that we can do 
within the company, that will provide us still with a lot of levers to go hit those EPS targets. So I think we're still – 
we're still driving there. That being said, as far as specific guidance, we're only going to do that one quarter at a time 
and of course in November, we will give you guys new – a fresh update on what FY '10 looks like. But, so far we're a 
little bit – pretty much on track with a little bit of caution around the macroeconomics. 

<Q - Amit Daryanani>: Fair enough. And just as a follow up, when I look at the June quarter guidance, organically 
you are looking at about 4% sequential growth call it. Just given the end markets, could you just talk about the puts and 
takes, which do you see having better seasonality versus softer? 

<A - Michael McNamara>: I don't know about your 4% number. So assuming that – I'm not sure how you can do that 
actually because you don't have the Solectron numbers in there. 

<Q - Amit Daryanani>: I'm looking at it sequentially because you added Solectron in December, right? 

<A - Michael McNamara>: Okay, so your question is on the June quarter, what are the drivers for revenue growth? 

<Q - Amit Daryanani>: Yes. 

<A - Michael McNamara>: A little bit broad based; I think we mentioned we have 150 million of acquisition growth 
that's in there. I think we'll see just a general pickup, our general end markets. They always start to trend up a little bit 
because we take a little bit of a March downside. We have some new programs coming in that have been booked for 
some time that we'll continue to see. So I don't actually know the breakdown between any one of those except to say it's 
just a bundle of all those things. I know it's not a very good answer, but I don't have the breakdown from one versus the 
other. 

<Q - Amit Daryanani>: That's fine, thanks. 

<A - Michael McNamara>: Now we will see the consumer and the mobile space come back substantially relative to 
the March quarter. 

Michael McNamara, Chief Executive Officer 

Okay, thanks very much for everybody's attendance and we look forward to talk to everybody again next quarter. 
Thank you. 

Operator 


This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


