Q3 2008 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• William W. Davis, Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary 
• Earl R. Lewis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Arne Almerfors, Executive Vice President, President, Thermography Division 
• Andrew C. Teich, President, Commercial Vision Systems Division 
• William A. Sundermeier, President, Government Systems Division 
• Steven M. Bailey, Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, Finance 
• <A > 
Other Participants 

• Tim Quillin 
• Brian Gesuale 
• Paul Coster 
• Peter Arment 
• James Ricchiuti 
• Chris Donaghey 
• Brian Ruttenbur 
• Jonathan Ho 
• Michael Ciarmoli 
• Jeremy Devaney 
• Randy Gwirtzman 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Mandy and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the FLIR Systems Third-Quarter 2008 Financial Results Conference Call. 

I will now turn the call over to Mr. Wit Davis, Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary of FLIR Systems. 
Sir, you may begin. 

William W. Davis, Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary 

Thank you. Good morning everyone. Before we begin this conference call, I need to remind you that other than 
statements as to historical facts, the statements made on this conference call are forward-looking statements within the 
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and are based on current expectations. Words such as 
'expects', 'anticipates', 'intends', 'believes', 'estimates' and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended 
to identify such forward-looking statements. All of these statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could 
cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to the press release we issued earlier today for description of 
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forecast. The forward-looking statements we make 
today speak as of today and do not undertake any obligations to update any such statements to reflect events or 
circumstances occurring after today. 


Let me now turn the call over to Earl Lewis, Chairman and CEO of FLIR Systems. Earl? 

Earl R. Lewis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks Wit and thank you all for joining us this morning. We are, of course, delighted with our third quarter financial 
results. We've established new records for orders, for revenue, for operating profits, for net income, for earnings per 
share, for cash flow, and for ending backlog. Our Government Systems Division performed exceptionally well during 
the quarter, continuing its outstanding execution. While our Thermography and Commercial Vision businesses 
continue to report solid revenue growth and improved profitability. Third quarter earnings per share increased 59% 
over Q3 last year to $0.35 a share on a 45% increase in revenue to $277 million. 

Operating margin for the quarter was 27.7% up almost 3 points from Q2 last year or Q2 this year. All three divisions 
improved margins in Q3 compared with last quarter due to operating leverage and better spending controls. Orders 
were strong resulted in backlog at quarter end of $650 million, up 78 million during the quarter, compared to the end of 
last year our backlog is up 257 million or 65%. Cash flow from operations for the quarter was a record $66 million. 
During Q3 we repurchased 681,000 shares of stock at an average price of 33.71, and year-to-date we've purchased 
almost 1.4 million shares, at an average price of 29.51. 

Each of our three division presidents are here and will comment in greater detail on the results of their businesses. We'll 
start with Arne Almerfors, President of our Thermography Division. Arne. 

Arne Almerfors, Executive Vice President, President, Thermography Division 

Thank you, Earl. Thermography revenue increased 32% over the third quarter of the year 2007. Excluding the Extech 
and Cedip acquisitions, traditional Thermography revenue grew by 7%. Our mid and high volume products including 
the T and new I family product lines continue to grow rapidly, and total units grew over 50% from last Q3, but our high 
end including the P and S-Series and our GasFindIR were soft during the quarter. Overall, Thermography margins 
improved by more than two points from Q2 due to improved cost control. Growth in the U.S. slowed somewhat during 
the quarter as a result of the weakening economy, while growth internationally remained healthy. 

In the entry-level market, our new i5 camera did very well, as unit volumes increased 35% over the second quarter. The 
revolutionary price point of the i5 has opened the full-featured Thermography camera market to an entirely new group 
of users, and we are working aggressively to reach them by expanding such high volume channels as catalog and web 
based distributors. During the quarter we announced an agreement with Grainger Industrial Supply to include FLIR's 
Thermography cameras in its catalog and for distribution throughout North America. We also expect to sign several 
additional high volume distributors throughout the world over the next year and believe these channels will drive rapid 
volume growth in year 2009 and beyond. 

We also launched our new i40, 50 and 60 thermal imaging cameras during Q3. This new affordable family of cameras 
offers best in class infrared diagnostic capabilities for commercial applications and will occupy the market segment of 
the market between the new high volume i5 and the higher performance P-Series line. Leveraging our strategy of 
developing low cost, high performance products for price elastic markets, the new i-Series delivers several features not 
previously found at these price points. The initial response to these cameras has been outstanding and we expect solid 
growth for this product line in coming quarters. The mid market T-series continued its excellent performance in Q3 
with revenue growth of nearly 200% over last year and continued excellent margins. Since its introduction a year ago, 
the T-series has completely redefined the midlevel thermography market and become a critical part of our product line. 

In the Advanced Technology and Specialty markets, which include the P-series, R & D cameras and the GasFindIR, the 
amount was less than we planned during the quarter as customers delayed purchases. However based on current 
customer activity, we expect a healthy fourth quarter from this market, with the exception of GasFindIR where volumes 
have fallen significantly. 


The return on investment offered by these cameras includes our tentative saving and technical applications is excellent 
and customer interest remains strong. During the quarter we also introduced the P620 the most affordable high 
definition infrared camera on the market. With the superior thermal and visual image quality, spot size resolution, best 
in class temperature measurement accuracy, and a host of advanced features. The P620 delivers the best engineered 
infrared camera on the market today at a very attractive price point. Our products for the high end and specialty 
markets are the best in the world, and we'll see continued growth in these segments over time. 

At Extech we are seeing strength in the traditional instrumentation business as new products and expanded distribution 
contributed to strong sequential revenue growth. Sales of our Thermography cameras through Extech's channels are 
also growing nicely, a trend that should continue in year 2009. 

Looking to the remainder of year 2008 and into 2009, we foresee continued growth driven by the best, broadest, price 
most, sorry, best, broadest price, most up to date product line in the industry and expansion into new distribution 
channels. We are planning for a weakened economic environment, but FLIR's position in the thermography market is 
stronger than ever and we will continue to expand the market by driving down the cost of infrared technology. 

That concludes my comments. Let me now turn the call over to Andrew Teich, President of our Commercial Vision 
Systems Division. 

Andrew C. Teich, President, Commercial Vision Systems Division 

Thanks Arne. Commercial Vision System's Q3 revenue was 45.8 million an increase of 34% compared to a year ago. 
Orders remained strong during the quarter and our quarter end backlog was 81 million. Similar to the Thermography 
business we also saw strong order activity internationally while U.S. order volumes grew modestly. From a segment 
perspective, orders were particularly strong in the Security and Surveillance market as business doubled from the prior 
year. 

PDF operating margin for the third quarter was 22%, up 6 points from the third quarter of last year and 2.5 points 
sequentially from Q2. Revenue in the Security and Surveillance market was up nearly 26% over the prior year. During 
the quarter, we shipped several HRCU long-range multi sensor systems to key integrators worldwide for evaluation and 
integration into major order programs. The HRCU features an industry leading 12.5 X continuous IR zoom, proprietary 
digital detail enhancement algorithms, and extensive use of our embedded Nexus technology for networking, electronic 
stabilization, and video analytics. 

We also saw strong order activity during the quarter for our medium range uncooled PTZ 35/140 system, which has a 
unique combination of two uncooled thermal cameras, a color zoom camera and a little light TV camera. Users include 
nuclear power plants, petro-chemical facilities and maritime port locations around the world. 

As with the HRC systems, virtually all of these customers will be using the system's extensive built in networking and 
analytics capabilities, enabled by the on board integration of our new Nexus technology. The pipeline for security 
products looks excellent, with strong demand coming from critical infrastructure, nuclear and petro-chemical markets 
in addition to borders. We are very well positioned for this business with a broad product offering, strong brand, and 
the increased adoption of our Nexus networking technology. 

In Maritime, revenue growth over the last year was strong but bookings were only up slightly. Of all the commercial 
markets, Maritime has been attacked as the most by the weak economy. As a result, we are actively investing in 
alternate markets to include channels for Maritime law enforcement and commercial shipping which have been 
relatively unaffected by the economy. 

Overall, awareness in this market is rising, customer sentiment remains extremely positive and we believe that 
ultimately thermal cameras will emerge as the second most popular Maritime electronics purchase, just behind GPS 
systems and ahead of Radar. We are making good progress to that end, as we celebrated the shipment of our 2000th 
systems into this market during the quarter. 


In the Cores and Components market, demand remains strong although we have seen the affect of economic conditions 
on certain customers in markets. This broad segment includes our cooled and uncooled camera module sales to a wide 
variety of customers and industries, including automotive, firefighting, UAV's and sophisticated defense systems. For 
example, we provide a 1kx1k cooled indium antimonide infrared camera core to Northrop Grumman for their 
third-generation lightening system. With our sensor, Northrop now leads this segment of the targeting pod business 
with the only one 1kx1k system on the market today. We believe this market breadth to significantly mitigate the effect 
of economic weakness on this segment of our business. We recently began shipping parts out of the ON Semi facility, 
this is the facility formally known as AMI Semiconductor. 

Both quality and yields are exceeding our initial expectations. These initial cards are 25-micron low cost un-cooled 
sensors for the automative segment and Thermography's i-Series product line. We plan to utilize these sensors in 
several additional products in 2009. We expect, continued solid growth in CBS for the remainder of 2008 and into 
2009. As a result of the R&D investments over the past year, we are planning to launch new products in every sector 
early in 2009. We look forward to these product introductions and their contribution to our successful strategy of 
growing commercial markets for infrared technology. 

And with that I'll now pass the call onto Bill Sundermeier, President of the Government Systems Division. 

William A. Sundermeier, President, Government Systems Division 

Thank, Andy. The third quarter was another outstanding quarter for the Government Systems Division. Revenue was a 
record 151.7 million, up 57% over last year, and up 20 million from the previous record set just last quarter. Orders 
were also a record and backlog increased by 83 million to an all time high of 547 million including an 18 million 
reduction to reflect the cancellation of the U.S. Army Armed Reconnaissance Helicopter (ARH) program that happened 
last week. 

We are obviously disappointed by the Army's decisions to cancel the ARH program because we still believe that the 
ARH aircraft with the Brite Star II is the right solution for the Army. FLIR's Brite Star II proved the superior EO/IR 
sensor system on multiple occasions throughout ARH's development phase and would have provided outstanding 
situational awareness designation and imaging capabilities for the Army aviators and war fighters. 

The Army sited cost overruns as the main reason for termination. Despite program changes caused by a variety of 
factors, FLIR's pricing structure for the Bright Star II never changed. We remain proud that we maintained our 
commercial off the shelf and commercially developed military qualified business philosophy through the entire effort. 

Third quarter demand was strong around the world and we once again added to our long-term program business. We 
ended the third quarter with an unordered IDIQ contract base not in backlog of over 500 million and a significant 
increase in non-current backlog related to the acquisition of Bright Star II Systems by the U.S. Marine Corps. We again 
saw significant operating leverage in Q3 with operating profit reaching a record 64.2 million and operating margins of 
42% also a record. During Q3 we received delivery orders totaling 127 million from the U.S. Army Space and Missile 
Defense Command under a previously received 358 million IDIQ contract for force protection applications. Including 
orders received last quarter, we have now received orders totaling 239 million under this IDIQ. We are extremely proud 
of the life saving mission of these systems and look forward to continued leadership in the force protection applications 
in the future. 

We also received a $67 million delivery order under a 125 million requirements contract from the Naval Surface 
Warfare Center for our Bright Star II multi censored target designation system. These systems will be installed on UH1, 
Yankees, U.S. Marine Corps Helicopters as upgraded and will be used for various missions including search and 
rescue, reconnaissance, and attack. Given the planned timing of deliveries, only 13 million from this initial order is 
included in our 12-month backlog as of September 30. Market acceptance of the Bright Star II has been strong and we 
expect this product to be a key driver to growth in the future. In addition to the Yankee upgrades the Bright Star II also 
completed its initial flight test on Northrop Grumman's Firescout VTUAV. These flight tests represent a major 
milestone for the VTUAV program. The current expectation is for the Firescouts to reach initial operating capability in 


late 2009. 

Internationally, we received orders from customers in over in twenty different countries for a wide variety of systems, 
with particular emphasis on Star SAFIRE III and Star SAFIRE HD systems. An important aspect of our strategy is to 
constantly increase the quality and diversity of our products' applications and customers. 

We continue to expand markets for Maritime, Airborne and Ground based applications with a suite of best in class 
products and our unique commercially developed military qualified models. 

Our product and application breadth has enabled us to build a substantial customer base within the U.S. Department of 
Defense, the Department of Homeland Security and many international governments, and several top prime 
contractors. 

As we conclude 2008 and look to 2009, we see significant opportunities to grow market share by continuing to invest 
in new products, enter new applications and further expand our customer base. While we are targeting large programs 
including the DVE and the MRTV programs where we are awaiting the selection decision, the success of our business 
model does not really solely upon them. In fact, our recent growth demonstrates the value of our commercially 
developed military qualified models to our customers and we intend to further leverage this model into new areas of 
opportunity with our government customers worldwide. 

Confirmed by the enthusiastic reception we received at the recent AUSA conference where our booth traffic, lead 
generation and press interests were at an all time record. We believe the future continues to look bright. That concludes 
my comments and I'll turn it back over to Earl. 

Earl R. Lewis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you all. Like all of you on the call, we are paying very close attention to the economic situation worldwide. In 
the state of the financial markets, I believe that FLIR is not immune from this market turmoil or the risk of the 
recession. However we are well positioned for a difficult economic climate, both next year and beyond. We are 
currently profitable, we have a strong balance sheet, excellent cash flow and substantially, substantial impact liquidity. 
We will continue our conservative approach to capital structures and we believe we are insulated from the current 
uncertainty from the financial markets 

We are in early stages of our 2009 budget cycle and we will not, we do not intend to provide a formal outlook for '09 
until our February conference call. However at this point we are generally comfortable with the middle range estimate 
for 2009 EPS. Our plan assumes there will be an economic impact on our CVS and Thermography business in '09 in 
the form of slightly slower growth than we saw in '08. These businesses are well diversified geographically across 
many markets, many customers and many applications, and our overriding strategy of expanding into price elastic 
markets should continue to drive that growth for many years. We are planning for the possibility of a slow down 
affecting these growth rates and we'll manage our costs accordingly. 

Our Government Systems Division has seen tremendous growth over the past two years, and our record backlog gives 
us very good visibility to our traditional strong growth in '09. We believe our long-standing strategy of growing our 
share of the overall government market with our commercially developed military-qualified model and drive continues 
long-term growth. Our current operating objective for Government Systems has achieved another year of strong growth 
in '09. 

We also announced today that we are tightening our full year '08 revenue and earnings per share outlook to the 
high-end of our previously announced range. We now expect '08 revenue to be in the range of 1.075 billion to 1.1 
billion and earnings per share between $1.21 and $1.25. This compares with our previous outlook for revenue of $1.05 
billion to $1.1 billion and earnings per share in the range of $1.18 to $1.25. Finally, most important I want to thank 
FLIR's employees for their dedicated effort to the continued success of our business and we'll turn now to Steve who 
will go through the financials in more detail. 


Steven M. Bailey, Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, Finance 

Thank you Earl. The financial information to be discussed today includes the operating results of Cedip Infrared 
Systems, which was acquired in early Q1 2008, and Extech Instruments, which was acquired in Q4 of 2007. Extech's 
results are included in the Thermography financial division results, the Cedip financial results are primarily included in 
Thermography for the portion of their product sales are reported for Commercial Vision Systems and Government 
Systems as well. 

For 2008 we'll provide appropriate disclosure and material impacts from Cedip, Extech to assist in understanding the 
comparison to FLIR 2007 pre-acquisition results. References to periods beyond 2008 will be on the fully consolidated 
and integrated basis with FLIR operations. Revenue for the third quarter 2008 totaled $276.7 million, an increase of 
45% in the same quarter last year. Revenue from Government Systems amounted to $151.7 million a 57% increase as 
compared to third quarter 2007. Revenue from Thermography was $79.2 million an increase of 32% over the third 
quarter of 2007 and the 7% organic increase excluding Cedip and Extech revenue. 

Revenue from our Commercial Vision Systems division of $45.8 million increased 34% as compared to the third 
quarter of 2007. For the quarter revenues was distributed 55% to Government Systems, 29% to Thermography and 
16% to Commercial Business Systems. Our international revenues through the quarter were $86.2 million over 31% of 
our total revenue while revenues from the U.S. Government sales of $118.5 million counted for 43% of consolidated 
revenues during the period. 

For the first nine months of 2008 revenues totaled $774.6 million, an increase of $237.8 million or 44% from the same 
nine-month period of 2007. Year-to-date revenue from Government Systems of $397 million, an increase of 48%, 
Thermography revenue of $239.4 million, an increase of 40% and 13% organically and revenue from Commercial 
Vision Systems of $138.2 million, increase of 42% over the first nine months of 2007. Year-to-date Government 
Systems revenue is 51% of our total revenues while Thermography and Commercial Vision Systems represent 31 and 
18% respectively of total revenue. For the first nine months of 2008 international revenues were $279.2 million and 
were 36% of our total revenue, while revenues from U.S. government sales with $308.8 million were 40% of 
consolidated revenues during that period. We closed the quarter with a backlog and reminder here our backlog is for 
orders in hand for delivery within the next 12 months, of $650 million, a net increase of $78 million or 14% during the 
quarter after de-booking $18 million of backlog due to the cancellation of the ARH program. Our backlog has 
increased 65% or $257 million over the backlog at yearend 2007. At quarter end, division backlog amounted to 
Government Systems $547 million, an increase of $83 million during the quarter and an increase of $242 million or 
79% over year-end 2007. The Thermography backlog was unchanged during the quarter at $22 million, which is a 16% 
increase over year-end 2007. 

Commercial Vision Systems backlog of $81 million, a 6% decrease during the quarter and represents a 19% increase 
over year-end 2007. Gross margins for the current quarter were 56% of revenue, the same margin [inaudible--coughing 
on audio] rate as the third quarter of last year. For the first nine months 2008 gross margins were 56% of revenue as 
compared to 55% for the same nine-month period of 2007. Research and development expense of $21.6 million or 8% 
of revenue for the quarter as compared to $15.7 million or 8% of revenue from the third quarter of 2007. 

For the first nine months of 2008 the company has encouraged research and development expense of $63.3 million and 
9% of revenue as compared to $51.6 million and 10% revenue during the same period in 2007, selling and general 
administrative expense for the third quarter 2008 of $57 million or 21% of revenue as compared to $39.5 million or 
21% revenue for the same period in 2007. The increase in costs included Cedip and Extech operating expenses when 
compared to 2007. In addition to the general cost increases incurred to support our online business activity. 

For the first nine months selling general administrative expenses were $167.9 million or 22% of revenue as compared 
to $115.4 million or 21% of revenue in 2007. Earnings from operations for the third quarter total $76.7 million or a 
28% of revenue as compared to 51.8 million or a 27% of revenue in third quarter 2007. The 48% or a $24.9 million 
improvement of operating profit as compared to third quarter 2007 is a result of our 45% increase in revenues and gross 
margins, while incurring a 42% operating cost increase in the same period. For the first nine months of 2008 earnings 


from operations were $196.4 million or 25% of revenue, an increase of $67.4 million or 52% of revenue over 2007. 
Interest expense for the quarter totaled $2.1 million as compared to $2.2 million in the same period last year. Interest 
expense of $1.8 million relates to interest cost and amortization transaction costs of the $210 million convertible notes. 
Year-to-date interest expense amounted to $6.9 million of which $1.5 million related to credit line and other debt 
borrowings. During the quarter the company earned $5 million of other income which included $3.3 million of 
currency gains and $1.7 million of interest and other income. 

Year-to-date other income amounts to $8.6 million including currency gains of $2.7 million in interest and other 
income of $5.9 million. Based on the anticipated mix of foreign and domestic income for the full year the effective tax 
rate for the quarter was approximately 30% and we expect the annual rate to approximate 30 to 31% for the year. For 
the third quarter net earnings were $55.6 million or $0.35 per diluted share, 60% or $20.8 million increase in net 
earnings compares to net earnings of $34.8 million or $0.22 per diluted share for the same quarter 2007. 

For the nine months of 2008 net earnings are $138.4 million or $0.87 per diluted share, a $48.3 million or 54% increase 
over the same period of 2007. We finished the quarter with cash of $206.1 million as compared to a second quarter 
ending balance of $177 million and a year-end 2007 cash balance of $203.7 million. Our cash provided from operating 
activities during the quarter totaled $66.4 million while increasing working capital by $22 million in accounts 
receivable, and $8 million in inventory. Cash used in investing activities for the quarter of $6.1 million was related to 
capital expenditures of $5 million and $1.1 million of other investments. 

Cash used by financing activities of $16.4 million during the quarter included the repurchase of approximately 681,000 
common shares for $22.9 million worth $33.71 per share and the receipt of $3.7 million from the exercise of stock 
options. 

Year-to-date cash provided from operating activities was $129.8 million. Cash used in investing activities for the first 
nine months of 2008 of $108.7 million includes cash used for the acquisition of Cedip and Ifara of $79.3 million, $21.1 
million of capital expenditures, and $8.3 million of other investments. 

Cash used by financing activities of $12.4 million year-to-date includes a repayment of debt of $21.4 million and the 
receipt of $30.6 million from the exercise of stock options and employee purchase plans coupled with the cash use of 
$40.7 million to repurchase approximately 1.4 million common shares at an average price of $29.59 per share. 

This concludes the summary of third quarter and year-to-date 2008 financial results. I'll turn the call back to Earl. 

Earl R. Lewis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you Steve and Operator, we're ready to take some questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Tim Quillin with Stephens Incorporated. 

<Q - Tim Quillin>: Good morning. 

<A - Earl Lewis>: Morning Tim. 

<Q - Tim Quillin>: Nice results. Your prepared comments covered this quite a bit, but of course everybody's mostly 
interested in the economic sensitivity right now, and it sounded to me that both in the CVS and Thermography 
business. The international held up well and while U.S. saw some weakness but it just seems like the rest of world is 
catching the cold right now. So, the question is do you think that things get worst in both those businesses before they 
get better? 


<A - Earl Lewis>: One of the great things about this company is one of things we've talked about for years is that we – 
we're in multiple markets with multiple products, with multiple applications, with multiple distribution channels and 
strategies etcetera. So, to go to your questions and try to make too fine a point on it. I think what Arne said is important 
because yes, the U.S. was a little weaker than we expected it to be. Europe and the Far East were not particularly weak, 
but the issue for us more was our high-end cameras that didn't sell in total as much as we thought they would in Q3. 
Our unit volumes were up substantially Tim, in everywhere across the board. So, this is our strategy playing out 
relative to selling more and more units at more and more lower prices continually growing where we – where we got 
hit a little bit across the board, was in the very high end product line. And that's what slowed that growth to 7%; it 
certainly wasn't in the low or medium range anywhere in the world. So, we expect those products will continue to grow 
and I also think that Q3 is usually a little lax in those high end products. 

We expect Q4 spending on R&D and spending on things like GasFindIRs et cetera will probably be a little stronger, 
and our indications early on are that they will. No good hard fast rules, I don't think, Tim. 

<Q - Tim Quillin>: That's helpful, thank you. And then in terms of the government business, what is the outlook for 
bookings in the fourth quarter, and maybe on an unrelated note, when or if do you expect to realize the remaining 
contract value on your $358 million Space and Missile Defense Command contract which I think there's $120 million 
left there. Thank you. 

<A - Earl Lewis>: Yeah, I don't want to speculate on the 120 that's left. We think there's a deployment that needs to be 
done with a bunch of them we supplied and will supply, and so I don't know when that would happen nor do I want to 
speculate on when that will happen. The other part of your question though was what? 

<A > 
Bookings in Q4... 

<A - Earl Lewis>: Q4, Yeah. In our Government business we would expect to take down backlog a little bit in Q4. 
That's a fairly traditional effect. Q3 is very strong order entry quarter and Q4 is not as strong. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Brian Gesuale with Raymond James. 

<Q - Brian Gesuale>: Nice job today. I'm wondering in the Government business, if you could talk about -- it seems 
like we've had this trend where operational tempo in the Middle East has been very high. But really over the last 18 
months or so, your installed base of product out there has grown so significantly. Can you talk about an emerging 
service business, maybe where it's at today, how fast that could grow and how meaningful that could be two, three, four 
years down the road for you in the Government business? 

<A - Earl Lewis>: Yeah I'm going to let Bill do that, but clearly we've a great deal on that part of the business, and as 
you know these systems do have a sort of a natural life to them, because the coolers don't – they have what 10,000 
hours average or something like that, and these are being used continuously, so we will expect service revenue, but Bill 
do you want to comment? 

<A - William Sundermeier>: Sure. Certainly the opt-in build hasn't been really high demand for our products 
although when it comes to for example the Betsy and the RAID programs. All those systems still haven't been fielded 
yet. In fact when it comes to Betsy, those are just getting fielded over there. So we see a potential tidal wave of 
long-term service coming because those systems haven't been deployed, and they haven't made it to their MPBS or 
beyond. So we do see service for all those products in particular being something that we're focused on, we are growing 
service here in Portland very rapidly to meet that demand. And we did announce a service contract earlier, so that's an 
open ended, not open ended, there's a cap to it and we are hitting that, we are watching that service revenue grow. To 
what extent? Don't know. Our policy is to always try and improve our quality and this is all these systems have helped 


us improve our quality and extend our MPBS so we trying to project that on out into the future as best we can. 

<A - Earl Lewis>: That's service revenue though is not, those orders are not in our backlog. 

<A - William Sundermeier>: That's correct. 

<A - Earl Lewis>: We only report an order for service when we actually receive the goods to service them. Even 
though we have a fairly major contract for how much was it, Bill, sixty. 

<A - William Sundermeier>: 67 million 

<A - Earl Lewis>: 67 million I think it was. It's fairly significant; we did announce it. 

<Q - Brian Gesuale>: Okay, terrific that's helpful. Maybe on CVS, could you maybe walk us through, it sounds like 
you're expecting to see very good growth in that business. Could you maybe walk us through maybe the question of 
cyclicality versus just penetration and adoption rates? And it seems like maybe the short-term outlook in that business 
is a little bit muted over the long term or maybe that's not correct, but maybe just clarify those points for us? 

<A - Andrew Teich>: Sure, Brian, so there is some cyclicality in, particularly in the Maritime segment, Q3 is well 
known to be a low quarter for Maritime electronics, and we did see that effect although there was still growth in that 
market in Q3 of this year, just less than the other segments, all of the segments actually grew in Q3. So we expect to 
continue to see that cyclicality. I think that we are seeing some softening in the consumer or the pleasure boating piece 
of the Maritime segment, but that's not that big of a segment for us. And as I mentioned in the prepared comments, we 
shifted our effort over to focus more on law enforcement and commercial shipping and have actually had very good 
initial success in that area, and the nice thing about both of those markets is they tend to be more interested in our 
higher end units whereas the consumer tends to be most interested in the least expensive thing that we sell. 

Moving over to the Security and Surveillance segment, there's less cyclicality there. That's a business that's been 
growing very nicely and as I mentioned on the order side, it doubled again in Q3 of '07, and we've have got a good 
forecast for Q4 as well, and it seems to be relatively unaffected by economic conditions thus far. 

<A - Earl Lewis>: Yeah, you asked about penetration. There isn't any. I mean based on the size of these markets, CVS 
is just at the beginning of penetrating maritime security, most of these businesses there that we really are just 
beginning. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Paul Coster with JPMorgan. 

<Q - Paul Coster>: Hi, good morning. 

<A - Earl Lewis>: Good morning, Paul. 

<Q - Paul Coster>: I just really have one question, it's really of Arne and Andy. And it's going back to the comments 
surrounding international growth offsetting some of the weakness in North America. Where are the pockets of 
international growth and what is the, what is sort of driving that growth in those particular regions or countries? 

<A - Arne Almerfors>: Should I start and say that the growth still come both from our European activities as well as 
the Asia Pacific activities. The growth is actually more to, I should say coming forward in Asia Pacific in an even more 
positive way. It is another later start for us, our products, our setup, or sales organization, everything is coming through, 
so now it's a combination of establishing a structure for Asia Pacific that is going to pay off long-term, and in Europe 
we have that structure already, but still the market impact of the economy in Europe and Asia Pacific has not been, the 
negative market impact, I should say has not been that strong so far. 

<A - Andrew Teich>: Yeah Paul I'll add to that from the CVS perspective. We actually had on the order side, we had 
the largest growth in what we call region [inaudible-someone coughing] Asia Pacific, but that was the largest growth 


from a percentage standpoint, but the more meaningful growth from a dollar value standpoint was in Region one, which 
for us is Europe and I would attribute it to the fact that we have been very aggressive in developing distribution 
channels there. The manager we have running that area is quite experienced in doing that and has increased the number 
of distribution outlets that we have there, both for the Maritime Security and Surveillance and the Cores and 
Components pieces of our business very aggressively and we are seeing a positive return from that. 

<Q - Paul Coster>: All right and so there's a follow-up question there. It sounds like you are building out 
infrastructure in certain regions and are we just seeing the benefit of first time channel fill or is it real demand pull 
through in those regions as well? 

<A - Andrew Teich>: The latter. 

<Q - Paul Coster>: The latter, okay. I see... 

<A - Earl Lewis>: Let me just wanted to interject one more thought. Traditionally we probably didn't speak this as 
well as we should have. Traditionally, you sell more higher end products in the U.S. than we do in the rest of the world. 
And I think that's a fair statement and so when we said, we saw the high-end products with less growth, I think that part 
of that is historical in that we tend to sell for example, more GasFindIRs in the U.S., we tend to have sold more 
high-end R&D products in the U.S. than we would in the Far East or in Europe. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Peter Arment with American Technology. 

<Q - Peter Arment>: Good morning. I will echo everyone else and say congratulations on the results. You just named 
just more on the government systems side could you, we know you've mentioned DV and MRTB can you give us a 
little on more color you and what you are seeing on RFI opportunities or either whether it's through SOCOM or just 
either domestically and internationally, what you're seeing on that horizon outside of the two that you mentioned? 
Thanks. 

<A - William Sundermeier>: Sure. The I think the significant one that I think that you should talk about at this point 
is that we are looking forward to an RFI on the LUH program for an Army, and that's something that you think will be 
an RFI here this fall and perhaps an RFP with an RFP conclusion this winter and that's a fairly significant program for 
the Army and that's one we will be tracking here closely. 

<A - Earl Lewis>: One of the things, I think we've learned is not to talk about these too much. 

<Q - Peter Arment>: I know that, that's why I asked, but thanks Earl. 

<A>: [inaudible] ( laughing). 

<A - William Sundermeier>: That one was just obvious. 

<A - Earl Lewis>: But clearly those three are sort of on the top of our list. Let's put it that way but it's still a list. 

<Q - Peter Arment>: And just in internationally you're seeing, I mean you're still seeing the opportunities there. Any 
color there would be great? 

<A - Earl Lewis>: Yeah, our growth rate in government in those businesses was almost equal I think internationally to 
domestically on percent basis so in Q3 compared to Q3 a year ago. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of James Ricchiuti with Needham and Company. 

<A - Earl Lewis>: Hi Jim. 


<Q - James Ricchiuti>: Thank you. Arne, question for you. I mean again it relates back to the economic environment. 
If we look back at the last recession back '01-'02, you guys had some choppy quarters in Thermography. It sounds like 
what you see now is, let's put it this way, how would you contrast the company, the Thermography business now, 
versus where it was back then in terms of the markets you're going after. Is that what you think provides some 
insulation? 

<A - Arne Almerfors>: Let me first comment on your comment that is not what I recall actually that we were having 
some sloppy quarters during year 2000. I mean, historically, we have not been exposed to a great extent to the changes 
in economy. Of course, the fact that we get bigger will perhaps give us more sensitivity to the changes in the world 
economy. So, that is my recollection. Moving forward, the way we build Thermography is actually, we build it through 
setting up a better structure in countries and territories where we haven't been before, which is touching untouched 
markets should say before. So the growth will come even though we have a tougher economic environment. At the 
same time that we introduce broader, more products, and have a broader product line than we ever have had before 
which will in the end support our activity. 

<Q - James Ricchiuti>: If the new impacts of 2000, 2001. 

<A - Earl Lewis>: Actually, the '01-'02 timeframe, were a couple of bumpy quarters, that's all. 

<Q - James Ricchiuti>: Okay. 

<A - Earl Lewis>: Then I think we had a product range it might have ranged from 20,000 for the lowest price camera 
to maybe 40,000; now we're talking about 5,000 to 120,000. That is a significant broadening and that broadening really 
ends up capturing lots more applications. 

I think that the key for us right now is that we've seen this low end continuing to grow at unit volumes that are just 
fantastic. But that does with lower price convert to a little bit lower growth rate than we might have liked to have seen 
on the top end, if you will, in dollars. But the number of applications are so much broader now than it was in 2000, 
2001, and the number of price points that we have, and the number of things that we can do with these systems in our 
distribution channels. It doesn't mean we're immune to overall markets; we certainly aren't, but we have a lot broader 
base than we ever did back then. 

<Q - James Ricchiuti>: If we think about how much product in Thermography is going through distribution channels 
right now? Can you give us a sense as to what it is right now and it sounds like, Arne, you're looking at continuing to 
open more channels including internationally, what it could be say a year from now? 

<A - Arne Almerfors>: I can only say that as an effect of the introduction of this high volume i5 product, yes, we are 
also looking for new distribution channels, as we mentioned, catalog and web, and even as to say sometime, 
wholesalers. When these new distribution, they are new distribution channels to us, and they are just on its build up, 
and that's why we are going to see so much more of it in 2009. To answer on the relation, I'm not prepared to do. 

<A - Earl Lewis>: A very big deal frankly was getting into the Grainger catalog with our products. This was a very, 
very important step for FLIR. They are the premier catalog. We tend to think that other catalogs will look at the fact 
we're there and be more inclined to have our product lines. And that's an entire new distribution methodology even for 
the United States, so we have broadened out that distribution even domestically in a big way. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Chris Donaghey with SunTrust Robinson. 

<A - Earl Lewis>: Hey Chris 

<Q - Chris Donaghey>: Hi good morning. Good morning, sorry about that. First of all, Earl, I just wanted to kind of 
go back to what you were saying in your qualitative remarks about next year, did you say that middle of the range of 


2009 that you're comfortable with? 

<A - Earl Lewis>: Yeah I think that, I forgot what the numbers were, but $1.50 or so I think is the average out there, 
and at this point we're saying we're comfortable with that. 

<Q - Chris Donaghey>: Okay. 

<A - Earl Lewis>: But we'll give more guidance in February. 

<Q - Chris Donaghey>: Sure, and then just a few questions on backlog. First of all IDIQ backlog number and then 
going back to one of Bill's comments about the Yankee upgrade. I think Bill you said that only 13 million of that is in 
backlog currently. So how are you thinking because of timing, does that mean that Portland's capacity is pretty much at 
full bore right now, how are you thinking about capacity there, especially assuming that the GBOSS program and/or 
Betsy eventually at some point begin to slow down? 

<A - William Sundermeier>: Well, actually that's the 13 million is what's been negotiated between us and the Marine 
Corps, and kind of their uptake rate. They certainly do want to ramp to a much faster uptake rate at the as we go into 
2010. So I suspect the remainder of the order that we have which is 67 million will be delivered that year and then the 
remainder of the contract in the following years. 

As far as capacity is concerned, we've done a very good job here of expanding into another twenty plus thousand 
square feet making dedicated lines and have already started ramping up the head count for those lines. So I'm not 
worried really about how the GBOSS is going to affect the BRITE Star line because they are independent lines and 
really we have an independent line for our COTS customers, we have a RAVE line and we have a BRITE Star line now 
and so those, we are dealing with, each one of those capacity issues on their own and ramping well there. Hope that 
answers the question. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Brian Ruttenbur with Morgan Keegan. 

<Q - Brian Ruttenbur>: Mine's very brief. In the fourth quarter what kind of gross margins are you looking for? I 
think revenue should be, according to your guidance, 300, 330 million, 325 million, something like that. Do you 
anticipate gross margins to dip from third quarter levels because of the mix of business? 

<A - Earl Lewis>: From memory, gross margins are a little less, but I'm not sure I could point to exactly why. That's 
our preliminary look at the quarter, but our revenue – I'll give you our thinking in just a second, as soon as I know what 
it is. 

<A - Andrew Teich>: Brian, what was the number you gave? 

<A - Earl Lewis>: 330, I think he said. 

<Q - Brian Ruttenbur>: Yeah, I mean your revenue guidance is 300 to 330, something like that. 

<A - Earl Lewis>: Yeah, that was something, yeah that's approximately right. That's correct. 

<Q - Brian Ruttenbur>: Okay. I didn't know if there was anything that you were taking into account in the quarter 
like lower Thermography or the mix of business was going to be different because of the economic environment? 

<A - Earl Lewis>: No. Not in Q4, the, keep in mind Q3 we have fairly lower expenses in total in the company, because 
the way you book vacations and those, the way that comes through so we expect our expenses will be up in Q4 on the 
operating side. Traditionally the way it works. 

Operator 


Your next question is from the line of Jonathan Ho with William Blair. 


<Q - Jonathan Ho>: Good morning guys. Just in terms of MRTB and DVE thoughts. Can you give us your latest 
thoughts in terms of timing for those programs? 
<A - Earl Lewis>: Well we hope to hear by the end of the year. 
<A - William Sundermeier>: That's what the program offices have said. 
<Q - Jonathan Ho>: Okay by the end of the year, and any shift in the thinking there, or any additional feedback that 


they've provided? 
<A - Earl Lewis>: Zero. 
<Q - Jonathan Ho>: Zero, okay. With regard to the LUH program, what percentage of the helicopters do you expect to 


have sensors or will this be more of an optional package for that program? 
<A - William Sundermeier>: We are going to wait for the RFI to come out and find out what the requirements are. 
<A - Earl Lewis>: See Bill, you shouldn't have mentioned it. 
<A - William Sundermeier>: Sorry. Do you have something else? 


Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Michael Ciarmoli with Boenning & Scattergood. 

<Q - Michael Ciarmoli>: Thanks for taking my call; congratulations on the quarter. 

<A - Earl Lewis>: Thank you Mike. 

<Q - Michael Ciarmoli>: I guess Earl and Bill, the Government Systems business is really performing at a very high 
level. It looks like the operating margin's about 42% for that segment. Is this sort of the peak for that segment, can it go 
higher from here, how can we think about the margins going forward in Government Systems business? 

<A - Earl Lewis>: All depends on some of these major programs, which Bill and I think, we hopefully we win one or 
two or get some percentage of one or two or three different programs in the next year. If that happens, I think we'll be 
able to continue with high margins in that business if we can't continue to grow then we'll see those margins decline. 

<Q - Michael Ciarmoli>: So, it's just basically a function of volumes, I mean if you guys have a very good win rate, 
you'll keep tracking volumes higher? 

<A - Earl Lewis>: Well its not added expense essentially to this company with the orders that we've received with 
GBOSS and these others so, so effectively what he's done is, he's kept his costs low. And we've taken it to margin, so, 
if we don't, if we're unsuccessful to continue to grow the business those margins will shrink. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Jeremy Devaney for the BB&T Capital Markets. 

<Q - Jeremy Devaney>: Hi, thanks for taking the call today I'm on for Mike Lewis. Just a couple of questions here, 
looking at the CVS and Serum business what percentage of the revenue is government related purchases versus 
commercial? 

<A - Earl Lewis>: Yeah, I kind of thought that might come up. Andy, do you want to answer this? 


<A - Andrew Teich>: So, we've taken a look at that Jeremy as we just anticipate this question and if you trace back to 
users that are military or government funded. It's probably something on the order between 60 to 70% of current CVS 
revenue. 

<A - Earl Lewis>: It's a higher percent than we thought it was particularly due to a number of the OEMs that Andy has 
that repackage our products. 

<A - Andrew Teich>: Most of the Cores and Components business, for example, end up in that category. Certainly, as 
we grow this market in pursuit some of the more consumer oriented markets that ratio will change. 

<Q - Jeremy Devaney>: Great, thanks. That helps a lot. And then also looking at your government services business, 
what percentage of Government Systems rather, what percentage of your Government Systems is UAV related and 
how do you think that end market could be for you guys, how big do you think that could be over the next few years? 

<A - Andrew Teich>: Right now, it's very small. We're in the VTUAV program and of course CVS is selling cores to 
the hand launched systems that are out there. It is an area that we are focused on and especially when it comes to tier 2 
and several other opportunities and we think that we're well positioned and have the right sensors for those platforms. 
Right now the focus is on fielding the existing platforms that are already out there, because of what's going on in 
theater. But as new systems become a priority, I think we have a very good shot of getting on those new systems. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Chris Donaghey with SunTrust Robinson. 

<Q - Chris Donaghey>: Hi Earl, just a quick follow-up. I wanted to ask a little bit about the sequential decline in R&D 
spending, how should we think about R&D going forward? 

<A - Earl Lewis>: On an absolute basis I believe it was up. This is a trailing number frankly and it always will be a 
little bit of a trailing number. Our objective hasn't changed to have R&D expense to be close to 10% of our turnover but 
we don't necessarily just spend it to make the 10% number, so it will lag a little bit, so it will be 8 or 9 or 10 next year, 
it's still to be determined. 

<Q - Chris Donaghey>: Okay great. Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Randy Gwirtzman for the Baron Capital. 

<Q - Randy Gwirtzman>: Hey good morning guys, good quarter. 

<A - Earl Lewis>: Thanks. 

<Q - Randy Gwirtzman>: Quick question regarding auto OEM's obviously the auto market is softer but because there 
is really minimum penetration in the market and this is a long lead-time product. I'm just curious is to where OEMs are 
in terms of incorporating into future model years. 

<A - Earl Lewis>: Well we've announced what three now, the plan to introduce Night Vision systems into their cars, 
you're right, clearly the automotive industry is not robust right now and I think the in the short run we're probably not 
going to see a lot of high growth there. I think in the long run it will be significant, the difference is I don't know what 
short and long are at this point. Yeah, Andy, do you want to comment? 

<A - Andrew Teich>: Yeah Randy one other thing to add and it's really an unknown for us right now is that the, these 
other manufacturers and BMWs latest introduction of 2009 7 series, which is a new generation 7 series for them, 
incorporates the second generation of our Night Vision systems together with Autoleave and that's that system that 
incorporates automated pedestrian detection and it's a very powerful addition to the system in terms of making the 


function really useable for the driver, instead of requiring the drivers to glance at the screen. There's an alarming 
function that's based on a very sophisticated set of video analytics, which we worked together with them to develop. 
So, I think that's the issue. You mentioned there's pretty low take rate right now, so even though the overall automotive 
business is down, if we can increase that take rate that'll have a more meaningful impact for us and we're hoping 
through the addition of this feature it's going to do that for us and we'll just have to wait and see. 

<Q - Randy Gwirtzman>: That's sort of what I was getting at, because last quarter you commented that you'd picked 
up a couple of – they were smaller but more exotic maybe OEMs and the question is because these things take a couple 
of years to design in, even though auto volumes will be down and presumably core manufacturers for the most part will 
still be around and are designing automobiles for 2010, 2011 model years and I thought maybe you'd have some? 

<A - Andrew Teich>: The front end of the business Randy is looking good in that respect that we're having an 
increasing number of auto manufacturers expressing some interest in the feature and particularly as I mentioned the 
feature becomes more sophisticated and user friendly. So, we're just going to have to wait and let that play out, but I'm 
pretty optimistic I've driven cars with the feature in it and it's very useful, I'm impressed with it. 

<A - Earl Lewis>: We do have additional OEMs that we're working with too, so we you know its just one of these 
things that's coming and I think I'll repeat my comments, a little hard to know how fast it's coming. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Tim Quillin with Stephens Incorporated. 

<A - Earl Lewis>: Hello again, Tim. 

<Q - Tim Quillin>: Yeah, well, I thought that was an enlightening question about the mix of products and CVS, I have 
the same question for Arne I guess in terms of what percent of Thermography is the high end PS and GasFinder 
products and what percent is revenue is the low end T and i-Series etcetera, thank you. 

<A - Earl Lewis>: But we tend not to give that out as such, but I don't know. 

<A - Arne Almerfors>: I think without giving percentages we would definitely say that what we have done over the 
past year is create a kind of a mid segment that is taking off very nicely. 

<A - Earl Lewis>: This segment is doing well, the volume is doing well. I don't know. 

<A - Andrew Teich>: We've avoid breaking them out. I mean directionally clearly a higher percentage is coming from 
that mid segment and the high volume segment, but the upper end even though it's been soft we still anticipate 
long-term that it will be a growth market as well. 

<A - Earl Lewis>: Yeah, it's definitely a good business with good margins, no question. As a percent of the total it's 
kind of hard to know because these things do migrate back and forth a little but the new i-Series makes a little bit of the 
new high end series. I guess I just don't have a good number for you. 

<Q - Tim Quillin>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Jeremy Devaney with the BB&T Capital Markets. 

<Q - Jeremy Devaney>: Hey guys, thanks for taking a follow-up. Just wanted to circle up with you guys on the R&D 
tax credits past October 3 are we going to see any of that drop in in the fourth quarter for you guys will there be any 
expected impact for next year? 


<A - Earl Lewis>: Yeah, there will be a little bit. Somebody has forecasted it to be significant more than it is in our 
case. I think Steve here feels it will be about a penny a share inQ4. 

Earl R. Lewis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Well, good, operator I think we're -- that was the last question. We appreciate it very much your questions today. And it 
was a certainly would be nice to have these numbers appear in a more robust market. I'd have to say that. But anyway 
we're proud to be able to deliver them and hope to continue doing so. Thanks, thanks for tuning in. 

Operator 

Thank you for participating in today's FLIR third quarter 2008 results conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2008, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


