Q4 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Allison C. Malkin, Senior Managing Director, ICR Inc. 
• Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
• Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer 
• Jennifer Pritchard 
Other Participants 

• Neely Tamminga 
• Matthew McClintock 
• Anna Andreeva 
• Scott Krasik 
• Randal Konik 
• Eric Beder 
• Robin Murchison 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Fossil Inc. Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2010 Earnings 
Call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference 
will be open for questions. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded today, Tuesday, February 15, 
2011. 

I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Miss Allison Malkin of ICR. Please go ahead, ma'am. 

Allison C. Malkin, Senior Managing Director, ICR Inc. 

Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Before we begin, you should be aware that during this conference call, certain 
discussions will contain forward-looking information. Actual results could differ materially from those that will be 
projected during these discussions. 

Fossil's policy on forward-looking statements and additional information concerning a number of factors that could 
cause actual results to differ materially from such statements is readily available on our Form 10-K and 10-Q reports 
filed with the SEC. 

In addition, Fossil undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a 
result of new information, future events or otherwise. If any non-GAAP financial measure is used on this call, a 
presentation of the most direct comparable GAAP financial measure and reconciliation of this non-GAAP financial 
measure to GAAP will be provided as supplemental financial information to this release under the Earnings Release 
section under the Investor Relations heading on Fossil's website. 

Please note that you may listen to a live webcast or replay of this call by visiting Fossil's website and then clicking on 
Investor Relations at the bottom of the home page and then on Webcast. 


Now I would like to turn the call over to Fossil's CEO, Kosta Kartsotis. 

Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Allison. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. With us today are Mike Kovar, our CFO; Mark 
Quick, our Vice Chairman; and Jennifer Pritchard, our President of Retail. 

It was an amazing quarter and year as both of our core businesses, the Fossil brand and our multi-brand watch business 
continued to have breakout years. We continue to show double-digit sales growth in all of our businesses across all of 
our geographies. Strong fourth quarter operating and financial results culminated in the achievement of several 
significant milestones. Some of the highlights are as follows. 

The Fossil brand continued to gain importance in the global marketplace resulting in a 24% increase in sales for the 
quarter and for the full year. We continued to see a strong response to innovative vintage-inspired product presented 
with increasing focus and clarity. This lifestyle brand message was strongly communicated through our growing retail 
format and through our increasing investments in marketing through our websites and catalogs. 

Our total direct to consumer business had a 29% increase in 2010. Our Stores group continued to make improvements 
in all areas and had comp increases over 20% for the fourth quarter and 19% for the year. We continued to expand our 
Web activities through increasing investments in infrastructure, advertising, search activity and social media. This 
resulted in huge increases in Web traffic and provided a 56% increase in sales in the fourth quarter and 50% for the 
year. 

We continue to gain market share in the growing global watch markets as the uptrend in that category continues. Our 
global watch sales were up 42% for the quarter and 40% for the year. In addition to significant gains in Fossil watches, 
we had dramatic gains in our licensed brand portfolio with increases of 180%, 66% and 40% in Kors, Burberry, and 
Emporio Armani respectively during the quarter. 

We continued our progress in the explosive Asia market, which grew by 45% in 2010. An example was in Korea where 
we are converting from distributor operations to Fossil-owned concessions. In 2010, we tripled the previous year's 
business adding $25 million in sales and are now set up for continuing rapid growth in that market. 

We were also able to control our sourcing and operational costs, giving us significant operating leverage for the year 
and enabling us to reach an 18.5% full year operating margin performance. This was well above our stated goal of 
reaching 17% two years from now. And finally, we reached a milestone by crossing over the $2 billion sales mark and 
provided $3.77 in earnings per share to the shareholders. It clearly was a remarkable year. 

One thing we learned last year is that in both of our core businesses, given the strength of the Fossil brand and our 
significant resources and positioning in the global watch market, we feel we now have a much larger opportunity than 
we thought just a short time ago. 

When you consider that Asia is less than 15% of our sales, it is in itself a significant long-term opportunity. With Fossil 
and our portfolio of luxury brand watches, we have considerable runway ahead of us all over the world, but especially 
in Asia. 

Our focus in 2011 will be to continue to capitalize on all of our opportunities while continuing to build our capabilities 
to maximize the long-term growth of the company. Our increasing size and profitability provides us the opportunity to 
make increasing investments in future growth. 

Our stated long-term operating margin goal of 17% as a target we felt was not only achievable, but represented the 
optimum percentage that allowed enough reinvestment in our business to sustain healthy growth. 

Therefore, as we continue to maximize our sales potential in 2011, we will be continuing to make investments in the 
company including the following. We will be significantly accelerating our store growth and are planning to open 80 to 
85 new stores in 2011 across all geographies and all our store concepts. 


With our upgraded and focused e-commerce platform and infrastructure, we will accelerate the rollout of 
e-commerce-capable websites across our global markets. We are also implementing a robust Customer Relationship 
Management system, CRM, that will allow us to significantly increase our ability to communicate with our consumers. 

This will enhance our brands and make our marketing investments through Web stores and catalog more efficient. We 
will increase the development of our multi-brand watch distribution capabilities by increasing our efforts in watch 
concessions globally and by increasing our efforts around our Watch Station store and website. 

We will increase our resources in our product development and supply chain organizations in order to expand our 
production capabilities to handle our expected long-term growth. And given the significant opportunities in Asia, 
especially Japan, Korea and China, we will accelerate our investments in that region with an eye on creating a much 
larger entity to capitalize on the game changing opportunity we have in front of us. We think Asia long-term could 
represent one-third of the company's sales. 

And finally, we will be consolidating our corporate facilities in Texas by leasing an existing building nearby where we 
are now. This larger building will alleviate our need for space now and give us ample room to expand over the coming 
years. 

As you may know, our corporate office is now split into two buildings that we own which are about a mile apart. The 
building we plan to lease will allow us to once again have all corporate teams under one roof. 

We believe that while accelerating these investments, we will still be able to achieve an operating margin in the 17% to 
17.5% range for 2011. We feel this range allows us to report strong earnings while investing prudently. And we believe 
from a long-term perspective that not only will these investments allow us to continue to deliver strong top line growth, 
but also will result in expanding operating margins in the future. 

In closing, we would like to thank our Fossil team members and partners around the world for a terrific fourth quarter 
and year. The company's performance once again shows the strength of our business model and the ongoing growth 
and development of our people. 

And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Mike. 

Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and 
Treasurer 

Thanks, Kosta. I'll start off this morning by summarizing our fourth quarter 2010 versus 2009 results. It was included in 
this morning's press release. Net sales increased 32.8% to $701.1 million compared to $527.8 million. Gross profit rose 
34.5% to $400.1 million compared to $297.6 million. Gross profit margin increased 70 basis points to 57.1% compared 
to 56.4%. 

Operating income increased 38.5% to $149.5 million, or 21.3% of sales compared to $108 million or 20.5% of net sales 
last year. Net income increased 38.1% to $96.7 million compared to $70 million and diluted earnings per share 
increased 41.7% to $1.46 on 66.3 million shares compared to $1.03 on 67.7 million shares. 

The sales mix breakdown for the fourth quarter with comparable prior-year levels was as follows: 37.3% from North 
America wholesale activities versus 34.5%; 27.1% from Europe wholesale activities versus 30.4%; 10.7% from 
Asia-Pacific wholesale activities versus 9.1% and 24.9% from our worldwide direct to consumer businesses versus 
26%. 

In connection with our wholesale operations, sales from our North America wholesale business which include our 
operating activities in the U.S., Canada and Mexico, as well as sales at third-party distributors in South America grew 
by $79.9 million or 43.8% to $261.8 million. Excluding approximately $800,000 from favorable currency comparisons 
to Q4 last year, North America wholesale sales increased by 43.3%. 


Sales from our Europe wholesale operations increased by $29.9 million to 18.7%, to $190.2 million. Excluding 
currency that unfavorably impacted sales by $13 million, Europe wholesale sales grew by 26.8%. Sales from our 
Asia-Pacific wholesale operations increased by $26.6 million or 55.3% to $74.7 million and again excluding currency 
that favorably impacted Asia-Pac sales by $3.7 million, wholesale grew by 47.6%. 

From a major product category perspective, results from our global wholesale operations were as follows. Total watch 
sales increased $120 million or 42.8%, 44.8% ex-currency to $400.8 million. Some notable performances by brands 
were as follows. Fossil watch sales increased $17.7 million or 23.2%, 27% ex-currency to $94.1 million. Michele 
watch sales increased by $10.2 million, or 65.7% to $25.7 million. Our licensed watch businesses increased by $93.9 
million, or 62.7%, 64.5% ex-currency, to $243.7 million. 

And some of the notable increases in constant dollar terms within the licensed group are as follows. Emporio Armani 
up 42.8%, Michael Kors up 173%, Burberry up 71.4%, Marc by Marc Jacobs up 170.5% and Armani Exchange up 
173.7% and all other major licensed brands experienced sales growth in excess of 25% for the quarter. 

Leather products sales increased by $8.8 million, or 15.7%, 16% ex-currency to $65.2 million and jewelry sales 
increased $6.8 million, or 17.5%, 24% ex-currency to $45.8 million. 

Moving on to our direct-to-consumer segment. Sales from direct-to-consumer businesses increased by $37.1 million, or 
27% to $174.4 million. Excluding currency that unfavorably impacted sales in this segment by $1.8 million, 
direct-to-consumer sales increased by 28.3%. Constant dollar comps in our retail stores for the fourth quarter soared to 
20.3%. 

Globally, we ended the year with 364 stores and occupied 644,000 square feet compared to 632,000 square feet at the 
end of last year. This included 230 full price accessory stores, 138 of which are located outside the United States; 93 
outlet locations including 23 outside the U.S.; and 31 clothing stores and 10 multi-brand watch stores. This compares to 
354 stores at the end of the prior-year including 218 full price accessory stores with 126 outside the U.S., 90 outlet 
locations including 16 outside the U.S., 33 clothing stores and 13 multi-brand stores. 

During 2010, we opened 33 new doors and closed 23. For fiscal 2011, we plan on opening an additional 80 to 85 doors. 
And based upon our recent comp performance, we're happy to announce that the U.S. will be a part of that store growth 
plan. From a concept perspective, we will continue to focus primarily on the full price accessory stores. We do expect 
to close another 26 to 28 doors and we believe our strategy to close less productive locations will continue to improve 
the overall productivity of the portfolio. 

As a result of the increase in net sales and margin expansion, gross profit increased 34.5% to $400.1 million in the 
fourth quarter in comparison to $297.6 million in the prior-year quarter. Gross profit margin increased by 70 basis 
points to 57.1% compared to 56.4%. The increase in gross profit margin was principally driven by an increase in the 
mix of sales of higher margin watch products in comparison to leather products, including a greater mix of higher 
margin licensed watch brands. 

Additionally, reduced levels of low margin sales through mass market distribution channels and higher outlet store 
gross margins also benefited the overall increase in gross margin. These increases were partially offset by a stronger 

U.S. dollar, which unfavorably impacted gross profit margin by approximately 50 basis points during the fourth 
quarter. And from a segments standpoint, gross profit margin was negatively impacted as a result of a higher mix of 
domestic wholesale sales which historically generate lower margins than international wholesale and 
direct-to-consumer sales. 
For fiscal 2011, we expect gross margin to remain consistent with fiscal 2010 levels. Although we expect to experience 
some pressure on supply-chain costs moving forward, we believe a higher mix of sales from our higher-margin 
international wholesale and direct to consumer segments, as well as continued innovation will help to offset this. 

On the SG&A front, we originally guided toward deterioration in our SG&A leverage for Q4 and as you recall, this was 
primarily related to investments we were making in further advancing the awareness of our Fossil brand globally 
through increased catalog distribution and Web-based marketing initiatives. However, the increased marketing 


initiatives had a better than expected impact on our sales resulting in 20 basis points of leverage during the quarter. And 
although we are confident that these brand building initiatives will continue to reap long-term rewards, it was good to 
see that we also experienced some short-term ROI. 

Expressed as a percentage of net sales, Q4 operating expenses decreased to 35.7% compared to 35.9% in the prior-year 
quarter. In absolute dollar terms, operating expenses in the fourth quarter increased by $61 million and included a $4.1 
million favorable impact from the translation of foreign-based expenses as a result of a stronger U.S. dollar in 
comparison to the prior-year quarter. 

In addition to the marketing-based initiatives touched on above, and other variable expenses associated with increased 
net sales levels, constant dollar operating expense growth was primarily associated with increased compensation costs, 
as well as a non-cash charge of approximately $3.7 million related to the write-down of two of our headquarter 
buildings. 

For fiscal 2011, in addition to those investments Kosta has already shared, as well as increased capital expenditure 
levels, both of which we expect to commence in early Q2, we project operating expenses expressed as a percentage of 
net sales to increase in a range of 100 to 150 basis points. 

Operating income increased to 21.3% of net sales in the fourth quarter compared to 20.5% of net sales in the prior-year 
quarter, primarily the result of increased net sales, gross profit margin expansion and lower operating expenses. 

During Q4, operating income was negatively impacted by approximately $5.3 million as a result of the translation of 
foreign-based sales and expenses into U.S. dollars. Other income and expense increased favorably by $3.5 million for 
the fourth quarter and this increase was principally due to net mark-to-market foreign currency transaction gains in 
comparison to net mark-to-market losses in the prior-year quarter and was partially offset by an increase in net income 
attributable to non-controlling interests. 

Based upon our current hedge contracts in place for 2011 and the balance sheet exposure related primarily to foreign 
currency receivables and payables expected to be settled in U.S. dollars, and assuming current spot rates will prevail for 
the balance of 2011, we would expect an approximate $5.5 million mark-to-market loss to flow through earnings in 
2011. 

On income taxes, our effective tax rate for the quarter was 36% and this was compared to 34.5% in the prior-year 
quarter. For fiscal 2011, we estimate our effective tax will approximate 35% which reflects the company's structural 
rate. This rate does not include the impact that any discrete events that may have on this structural rate. 

Fourth quarter net income increased by 38.1% to $96.7 million or $1.46 per diluted share inclusive of an unfavorable 
$0.01 per share diluted impact related to a stronger U.S. dollar. For the fiscal year, net income increased 83.4% to a 
record $255.2 million, or $3.77 per diluted share in comparison to $139.2 million, or $2.07 a share last year. Our fiscal 
year earnings per share of $3.77 included an approximate $0.07 reduction related to currency in comparison to the prior 
year. 

Now turning to the balance sheet. We ended with cash, cash equivalents and securities available for sale totaling $402 
million compared to $413 million at the end of fiscal 2009 and we have $9.8 million in total debt. 

In connection with our share repurchase program, during the fourth quarter, we purchased $122.1 million of our 
common stock representing 2 million shares. And for fiscal year 2010, we repurchased $199.2 million representing 3.6 
million shares, an average of about $55 per share. 

At the end of the year, approximately 570 million remains open for additional share repurchases in connection with our 
Board's 750 million share authorization of last September. Inventory at fiscal year-end was $371.9 million, representing 
an increase of 51.4% from the prior fiscal year in balance of $245.7 million. 

This increase can be attributed primarily to three factors. One, in the fourth quarter last year, inventory levels were 
down around 16% on a 14% increase in net sales. And thus on a two-year basis, inventory levels are much more 
consistent with sales increases. 


Secondly, as we discussed in earlier calls, 2010 ending inventory was impacted by a forward shift in the Chinese New 
Year. This shift added approximately $30 million in inventory receipts and in-transit shipments to Q4 inventory levels 
in comparison to those deliveries occurring in Q1 of the comparable period. 

And lastly, since Q2 of 2010, we have been implementing a smoothing effort to remove part of the hills and valleys 
associated with the timing of production needs while still supplying us with inventory levels to service our sales 
growth. This strategy has resulted in slightly longer lead times and thus higher inventory levels in advance of those 
expected sales. 

Accounts receivable increased by 25.5% to $263.2 million at the end of fiscal 2010 compared to $209.8 million at the 
end of the prior year, primarily due to the increase in wholesale shipments during the fourth quarter in comparison to 
last year. Fourth quarter days sales outstanding for our wholesale segment was 44 days and that was down three days to 
the 47 days in the prior-year quarter. 

During fiscal 2010, we had capital expenditures of approximately $55 million and are expecting fiscal 2011 CapEx of 
approximately $100 million. The planned increase levels are related to accelerating new store openings and adding 
increased infrastructure capacity across our sales, distribution, supply chain and back-office functions. Depreciation 
and amortization expense for fiscal 2010 totaled $40.3 million and we estimate full-year 2011 depreciation and 
amortization of $46 million to $48 million. 

Finally as it relates to guidance for 2011, we are projecting fiscal 2011 net sales growth in a range of 19% to 21% with 
higher percentage net sales increases in the first half of the year in comparison to the second. 

Specifically, for the first quarter of 2011, we see net sales increasing in a range of 28% to 30%. First quarter fiscal 2011 
diluted earnings per share are expected to be in a range of $0.63 to $0.65 and include no impact from currency as 
current spot rates are similar to the average rates for the prior-year quarter. 

For fiscal year 2011, we're projecting diluted earnings per share in a range of $4.22 to $4.32, which includes about a 
$0.10 favorable currency impact related to the translation of an expected weaker dollar. 

From a share count perspective, considering shares repurchased throughout fiscal 2010 in addition to our expected level 
of repurchases in fiscal 2011, we're estimating a $0.31 diluted share benefit in comparable year-over-year earnings as a 
result of the lower share count. 

However, our higher planned effective tax rate for 2011 is expected to unfavorably impact year-over-year comparable 
EPS by $0.25. As always our forward guidance is based upon the current prevailing rate of the U.S. dollar compared to 
other foreign currencies for countries in which we operate. 

And now I'll turn the call back over to the operator to begin the question-and-answer portion. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] 

Our first question comes from the line of Neely Tamminga with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Neely Tamminga>: Great, good morning and congratulations on a fabulous year. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: Thanks, Neely. 

<Q - Neely Tamminga>: Yeah, I just wanted to ask you guys under the banner of sales and productivity, just could 
you give us a sense of how your productivity of your retail businesses are doing across each geography and related to 
that, if you wouldn't mind commenting on where your comp store sales trends are? Or overall sales trends by region as 


we round here into, what, week six, week seven of the new quarter? It'd be really helpful. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: Sure, Neely. Thanks. As 
we said for the full quarter, constant dollar comps were up 23 – or 20.3%. The business was the strongest in North 
America and Asia. Our North American comps were up 26% and our Asian comps were up 25.7%. Europe was up 
4.7%, but they were up against a little bit tougher prior-year comparison in the other two regions. As we look at 2011, 
we had great January. Comps were still strong double-digits and we're expecting over the balance of the year, comps to 
be in the mid-to high single-digit area with slightly higher comps in the first half of the year versus the second half of 
the year just due to how the comparisons set up year-over-year. 

<Q - Neely Tamminga>: That's great, Mike. Thank you. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt McClintock, with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Matthew McClintock>: Yeah, hi, good morning, everyone. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Good morning, Matt. 

<Q - Matthew McClintock>: So you talked about a major focus on Asia this year and how does the Fossil brand play 
into your plans? And how should we think about growth across the region, is Korea going to be the main focus? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, as we said on the call, Korea has kind of 
jumped out of the box and is on a very quick trend and we're set up there to have some pretty rapid growth. Just in 
terms of Asia in total, obviously the market is expanding quite quickly and the demographics show that it's going to 
continue to do so for a number of years. 

One of the things that we're doing is putting a lot of extra resources there. We have a whole restructure of the 
organization. We're hiring more people. In terms of Fossil, we're actually – the stores that we have there are doing very 
well, showing very strong comps. We will be building more stores there in addition to some concessions in Japan and 
other parts of the market. But the market is doing extremely well and we think it's got a huge opportunity. 

One thing that I would comment on is obviously this watch trend continues globally. In fact the Swiss watch business 
grew last year. Exports out of Switzerland were up 24%, 50% of that was to China. It just looks like the whole region 
and especially China long-term is an once-in-a-lifetime opportunity and we're putting resources in place to optimize 
that. So we have both businesses, the Fossil brand and all its aspects, store, Web and catalog will be expanding in the 
market. And then our multi-brand watch business which with our brands that we have, Armani, Burberry, Marc Jacobs, 
Michele, Diesel are all going to be very powerful in China and throughout Asia as we fully implement our programs 
over there. So it's a big massive opportunity for us long-term. 

<Q - Matthew McClintock>: Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Anna Andreeva with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Anna Andreeva>: Thanks, good morning guys and congrats on a great end to the year. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: Thanks, Anna. 

<Q - Anna Andreeva>: I had a couple of questions. My first question is just on gross margin guidance of flat for next 
year. You guys have obviously talked about being just in very early innings on some of the new materials and watches 


driving results internationally. My guess is that's not the case. And if so, why wouldn't we see bigger upside in gross 
margins as you roll-out some of those products? 

And my second question how is the quarter starting out in Europe? You're lapping still a very easy comparison here in 
1Q and you obviously talked about Asia being an even bigger opportunity than originally expected. What's the degree 
of confidence in Europe for the next two quarters? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: I'll take the question on 
gross margins expectations for 2011, and then I'll let other folks jump in on Europe. As we mentioned within the script 
itself, Anna, we are expecting some level of supply chain cost pressures as everybody else is seeing out there. 
However, we believe that our ability to continue to innovate around that and use alternative materials and in many 
cases take up prices will help to offset those types of cost increases. 

Relative to 2010, we saw a lot of the margin growth based upon just the overall growth we had in the licensed brand 
businesses which outside of our direct-to-consumer activities carry some of the highest margins within the company. 

We do expect the overall product mix shift to benefit us from margin growth in 2011 as we expect our international 
wholesale and direct-to-consumer segments to outpace the U.S. wholesale segment where we saw a lot of growth last 
year. 

However, we also expect a little bit more of a balanced growth between leathers versus licensed watches versus Fossil 
watches, so I would say a 57% range which is where we were for the full year and that being 200 to 300 basis points 
above where we've been historically and in our best year, I think is a prudent way to look at 2011. 

As it relates to Europe, we talked about the retail comps earlier; I would like to mention one other thing. We did see 
some impact from some of the weather Europe was having in December that affected the overall performance in the 
fourth quarter. And that was somewhat even more apparent to us based upon the fact that our e-commerce businesses in 
December and in the full quarter were up almost 100%. So I think there were some folks that were choosing not to get 
out in the weather to hit the brick and mortar stores. And eventually found those purchases on the Web site and we 
think that was the case with our business. 

As it relates to Europe, yes, we do have an easier comp as we proceed through Q1. Our business continues to progress 
nicely there. We would expect to see Europe continuing strong double-digit growth not only into Q1, but also through 
the balance of the year as a lot of the initiatives that are taking place right now are just being pushed into Europe such 
as Kors and other opportunities. The Michael Kors growth we had in 2010 was primarily in North America and we've 
got a large initiative in 2011 to explode that brand in Europe as well. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: One way to look at the watch trend is you might 
say prior to a year ago, watches globally was growing at GDP rates. In the last year that's accelerated quite a bit. It 
started in the United States. We've accelerated with the new materials and a lot of the innovation we put in the market 
in the United States, we're starting to see that trend catch in Europe and parts of it in Asia. 

So one way to look at this is that we're taking the time period during this tailwind to continue to push our innovation 
around the world, and to really gain market share during this time and then the same time build an infrastructure out 
there around the world especially in Asia. You might say that the trend started in the United States, the tailwind is 
moving towards Europe. There is a much bigger trend sitting in Asia out there that's not only going to be 
innovation-based and new material-based for watches, but just pure increases in disposable income and demographic 
shifts, et cetera. There is a big, big horizon out there of opportunity for us that we're moving towards. 

<Q - Anna Andreeva>: Okay. That's helpful. I appreciate it. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Krasik with BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 


<Q - Scott Krasik>: Thanks, good morning, guys. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: Hey, Scott. 

<Q - Scott Krasik>: Just first question on the level of SG&A investment for 2011, if you do manage to grow sales in 
excess of the 19% to 21% that you've laid out there, do you expect to grow your operating expenses in line with that or 
should we see leverage above that 21% sales growth level? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: Scott, I think, one, you 
know, Kosta had mentioned the target for 2011 being an operating margin of 17% to 17.5%. So, on a slight outperform 
there would – margins we would expect would still fall within that level, obviously toward the high-end. If we're 
having the same type of performance against our plans that we had in 2011 – 2010, then obviously there would be some 
opportunity to carry some leverage down to operating income. But again, we're planning our expenses in line with 
these investments that we are making and feel that the expectation for 19% to 20% – or 19% to 21% top line growth are 
pretty significant as well. 

<Q - Scott Krasik>: Okay. And then I guess a question for Jennifer, you've got a lot going on at retail. You're still 
closing stores but you're accelerating the store growth. It's going to happen in multiple concepts. Can you just give us a 
little help in understanding maybe piece-by-piece where you're growing, what the opportunities are and when you think 
you can really grow those retail margins at or above company average? 

<A - Jennifer Pritchard>: Well, I think we were pleased with the progress that we made this year and as we look to 
next year, we are continuing to focus on where the opportunities exist. We're continuing to look at the direction and 
growth out of the clothing concept and Watch Station and are kind of using those as incubator businesses. We were 
very pleased with how both of those came through the holiday season and are continuing to read the results and react to 
those. Our growth vehicle really is the accessory business and right now we've seen very nice improvement in our store 
performances in the Asian market, which I think Kosta addressed. We're seeing much better opportunities in North 
America. So as we look to this year, we're going to increase the amount of stores that we're opening in North America 
to probably about half of what we're looking for and then the balance would be placed outside of the U.S. 

<Q - Scott Krasik>: And of the 80-plus stores, how many of those will be the accessory stores? 

<A - Jennifer Pritchard>: The lion's share of them will be in accessories. 

<Q - Scott Krasik>: Okay. So Watch Station is still a 2012 story so to speak? 

<A - Jennifer Pritchard>: Yes. I think that we have a good solid foundation to prepare ourselves for 2012. 

<Q - Scott Krasik>: That's great. And then just any thoughts on operating margins, when we should start to see those 
expand towards the company? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: One thing I would say is as you know, we said 
publicly about five years ago that we were targeting 17% operating income for the company because we kind of think 
that's a good equilibrium number. We can report pretty healthy op income and still invest in the business for future 
growth. I would say we're still in that situation. I think the increase in sales has given us the opportunity to invest even 
faster. 

And what we've done basically is gotten to this point, we want to kind of see what our business model looks like for a 
while. Last year with the huge increases, it was somewhat disruptive to the business and to the business model. We just 
want to let it settle a bit, let the dust settle. Try to understand where we are, but we do think long-term we do have 
operating income expansion as a possibility. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: Scott, just one other 
point on that. Segment basis, you will see that our direct -to-consumers segment delivered about 300 basis points of 
improvement in its overall operating margin contribution to the company. So while it's still below the overall company 
average, obviously we're still at a base of stores that we expect can be much longer – or much larger over the next few 


years. 

<Q - Scott Krasik>: That's helpful. Thanks. 

<A - Jennifer Pritchard>: And Scott, if I could just add one more thing, a comment that you made regarding the 
closing of stores, this will continue to be a part of our process as we go forward. We are looking at the productivity as a 
portfolio so we will always be trying to advance that. 

<Q - Scott Krasik>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Randy Konik with Jefferies & Co. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Randal Konik>: Hey, a quick question. Just on the retail square footage growth on a net basis, what is that 
looking like for 2011? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: I would say it'd be 
similar to the number of stores that we're opening. So going to 80-plus stores on a 364 store base, we're looking at 
around 22%, 23%. 

<Q - Randal Konik>: Okay, great. And then, can we get a little – Mike, can we get a little clarity then if we were 
thinking about the 20% target around for total revenue growth for 2011, how would we break that – how would you 
think we should break that out between North American wholesale, Europe, Asia and retail or direct to consumer? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: I would say the 
expectations are for our international wholesale businesses to grow faster than our North American wholesale business 
and part of that is just the comp that we have to how significant the U.S. wholesale market was in 2010. With much 
larger growth opportunities for us in Asia, obviously where we're less penetrated than Europe. Retail stores would be 
something that would also see a positive change in its mix as total – as part of the total sales due to the fact that we still 
expect to get great comp growth, as well as we're opening up a sizable number of new doors this year. 

<Q - Randal Konik>: Thanks. And then I guess lastly, you made a comment about Michael Kors going more into 
Europe et cetera. Are there any other under-penetrated licensed brands in the portfolio you guys see today whether it be 
in Europe or Asia? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: We actually feel like with our existing brands 
that we can double the watch business over the next five years. We saw growth across every one of our brands and 
including the Fossil brand added over $100 million last year. We think we can it continue at that kind of pace. Kors has 
also added over $100 million. Armani, Michele, Burberry, Marc Jacobs, Diesel, DKNY, all of them had big increases 
and every single one of them looks like they can double or even triple. Especially if you look at what's going to happen 
in Asia over the next several years. We're penetrating in these brands more thoroughly in that market. I think we said 
on the last call that Armani which is over $200 million at this point probably has an opportunity to double or even more 
than that. 

In addition to that, we have the Armani A/X brand which we started putting in the market a couple of years ago that is 
turning at a very fast rate and it looks absolutely explosive to us, so that's another big add-on for us. In addition to that, 
we most likely over the next several years will have additional licenses or brands in our portfolio, so we're interested in 
investing and getting further ahead in the market, really taking market share and expanding globally, putting more 
resources in place to really expedite that whole process. 

<Q - Randal Konik>: Great. I guess lastly how do you guys think about the distribution model in China, owned versus 
distributorship? 


<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: In China, we're actually studying several 
different methodologies. The one thing I would say about Asia that appears to us at this point like we've seen in Korea, 
a lot of it's going to be concessions which they can tend to grow much faster just because they are catching the full 
retail instead of wholesale. 

The operating model is very good also in terms of profitability for us and it also enables us to control a lot of the 
process, the bigger presentation assortments, the sales process, et cetera. So we feel like Asia and China will be largely 
concessions which part of the infrastructure we're putting over there is really enabling us to implement a broader 
concession-based business throughout Asia and I think that's what's going to accelerate the growth. 

<Q - Randal Konik>: Great, thanks guys. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: Thanks, Randy. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Eric Beder with Brean, Murray. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Eric Beder>: Good morning and congratulations. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Eric. 

<Q - Eric Beder>: Could you talk a little bit about – you talked about the leather business and some of the other 
accessories business ticking up, what are you seeing that's driving that? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: In general, the work we've done on the Fossil 
brands and if you look at our Web site Fossil Lifestyle section, you look at our catalog, you go in our stores, the brand 
clearly is making huge progress and getting more aspirational and the communication of that brand continues as we 
increase our catalogs. We also just recently I guess last week we opened a pop-up store in SoHo that you might want to 
visit to really get the feel of the brand. And as we said I think on the last call, the most emotional and probably 
aspirational part of any of our categories is handbags and the leather goods. 

Once the brand gets hotter, it becomes – it's really very viral and it could have a huge change on our accessories and 
handbag business. And that's really what we're working towards. And I think we're seeing that both at retail and in our 
wholesale customers as well. So that's part of what's happening in leather goods. We also are getting a very, very good 
response globally through our stores and Web and catalog on accessories too. So we think there's a big, long-term 
growth track for us. 

<Q - Eric Beder>: Okay. And in terms of the headquarters move, are you going to get rid of the two places you're in 
right now? Are you going to sell those off? What are you doing with the current locations? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: Yeah, we would sell the 
two buildings that we reside in today that we own and take a long-term lease on a facility literally just down the street. 

<Q - Eric Beder>: And how many years do you think that will give you in terms of expansion potential before you'd 
have to do this something like this again? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: We're signing a 10-year 
lease, so we think at least 10 years. And that property has additional parcels of land on it where we could construct 
additional office space if needed. 

<Q - Eric Beder>: Okay. And two other quick ones. How did RELIC do? And are you going to look for further 
licenses or acquisitions...? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: RELIC last year was not one of our faster 
growing businesses but I think we're expecting much, much faster growth this year, both in watches and in accessories. 


And as we've always said, we're very, very interested in long-term market share in our watch businesses and we're 
always looking at what's out in the marketplace and we're talking to people all the time. So I would expect that we will 
have additional brands. 

<Q - Eric Beder>: Great. Thanks and congratulations on a great quarter. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: Thanks, Eric. 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from the line of Robin Murchison with SunTrust 
Robinson Humphrey. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: Thanks and I'll add my congratulations. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: Thanks, Robin. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: And a lot of my questions have been asked and answered. But Mike, will you just elaborate 
a little bit on what you're seeing in terms of supply chain costs? I presume marginally leather and labor and if not if 
you'll just kind of correct that. And also, will you remind us within your inventory there is a lot of shared pieces or 
componentry, so notwithstanding your inventory increase, isn't it such that a lot of it is your componentry so that there 
is not a lot of obsolescence? Thanks. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: On the supply chain side, 
as everyone else was impacted as well, we saw labor costs increase probably 15% to 20% in 2010. And because we 
were moving from stainless steel to mixed materials and other components, the raw material side of that really didn't 
impact us significantly. And with innovation, we were able to move into those new materials that in some cases were 
less expensive than some of the metals and still raise prices. And that's part of why you saw the expanded operating 
margin performance in 2010. As we move forward, obviously, there is discussions on cotton prices that don't affect us 
other than some linings in some of the handbags and some of the small leather goods, but nothing that's significant. 

We would expect that with what's going on in China that we'll continue to see pressure on labor costs increasing and we 
could see prices increase in certain component materials like stainless steel, et cetera. But again I would say if you look 
at our assortment, a lot of the growth is being driven by a lot of the newness in the alternative materials. Although, we 
do expect at some point in time that you'll see a shift back to more modern stainless steel components as well. 

The currency of the inventory remains solid. Our gross margins in our outlet stores are at record levels. So from a 
currency perspective, we feel very good about the overall inventory makeup. And as we discussed on the call, part of 
that increase towards the back of the year was just due to some of the items we have mentioned. But I would say our 
inventories are as clean as they've been and don't expect to see significant changes in how we work through them. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: What about leather? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Go ahead, Robin. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: I know leather is not a huge deal for you guys, but it is – you do have exposure on it and I 
just wondered what you were seeing in terms of leather costs. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, we are seeing increases in the price of 
leather and we think that especially now that the brand has moved up that we can handle price increases in there. And 
we actually have products in the marketplace that are selling very well at higher retails, and we saw that last year as 
well. Having said that, we do have more fabric with leather trim bags in the market also, just to moderate that a bit so 
we're working through that process now. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: The other thing I would 
say, Robin, is if you look at the line future tent what's coming into the market, there's a lot more detail, function design 


built into the product which will support a higher average unit retail which we are expecting to see happen. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Barbara Wyckoff with CLSA. Please go ahead. 

<Q>: Hi, everyone. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: Hey, Barbara. 

<Q>: Hi. Kosta, you talk about Asia kind of being weighted towards the concessions, but how do you see the mix of 
channels including other evolving this year say, in three years out? Is there going to be like 70% concessions, 30% 
owned stores? Is there any wholesale business there? And will China be any different than the rest of the countries? 
And then also second question, just one second is your outlook on jewelry, didn't really hear you mention much about 
it. What's going on with Fossil, Emporio, Diesel, is there a possibility to get a license for Michael Kors here? Thanks. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, as far as our Asia business, as I said earlier 
I think the majority of it is going to be through concessions and our own stores. We do have retail partners around Asia 
right now but I expect the fastest growing part of it is going to be our stores group as well concessions. Korea is an 
example of – it's almost 100% of its concessions at this point. And we're in the process of really expanding those, 
giving them more space and it's a pretty significant opportunity for us. 

We also have a big initiative in Japan to build additional concessions there. China is still somewhat in an infancy stage 
and we're studying the market. But our expectation is it would be – the bulk of it would be concessions or some type of 
partnership concessions. So we're working through that. 

As far as jewelry goes, again we had a very rapid growth last year in jewelry. The Fossil brand in jewelry did extremely 
well and did great in our stores and the other brands that we do all had increases as well, so we're in a pretty good 
position. We do expect that we would potentially have additional brands in jewelry, so we're working through that now 
but we're definitely focused on growing that business over the long-term. 

<Q>: Great, thanks. Good luck. 

Operator 

Thank you. And we have a follow-up question from the line of Scott Krasik with BB&T Capital Markets. Please go 
ahead. 

<Q - Scott Krasik>: Thanks. Mike, you mentioned the impact from share repurchases into the EPS guidance, but 
maybe just talk about you did seem to slow down the pace of buybacks at these levels. Are you interested in 
repurchasing shares and how do you feel about completing the $750 million buyback that you have in place right now? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: Scott, what we talked 
about initially when we went forward with a plan back in September last year was one, executing that plan by the end 
of 2013, and obviously the amount of shares we bought within that four or five-month period represents a pretty 
significant portion relative to the overall authorization levels. 

So we do anticipate to continue to execute against that plan. As we move forward, it would probably be done more on a 
pro rata basis, based upon the time we have left to repurchase the additional $570 million worth that's still outstanding. 
But yes, we do intend to take down that buyback by the original anticipation date of the end of 2013. 

<Q - Scott Krasik>: So just in your plans, what's your year-end share count implied in your guidance? 


<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: In 2011? 

<Q - Scott Krasik>: Yeah. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: We're somewhere in the 
$62.5 million to $63 million -- or 63 million share range. 

<Q - Scott Krasik>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. And there are no further questions in the queue. Management, please continue with any closing remarks. 

Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and 
Treasurer 

Thank you, operator. Should you want to replay this conference call, it has been recorded and will be an available 10 

A.M. Central Time today until 12 midnight Central Time tomorrow by calling 303-590-3030 or 1-800-406-7325 and 
entering passcode 4401355 followed by the pound sign. 
Again those numbers are 303-590-3030 or 1-800-406-7325, passcode 4401355. The conference call has also been 
recorded by Street Events and may be accessed through Street Events' website at www.streetevents.com or directly 
through our website at fossil.com by clicking on Investor Relations on our homepage and download the webcast. 

Finally, should you have any questions that did not get address today, please give me a call. Thanks again for joining us 
today. Our next scheduled conference call will be in May for the release of our 2011 first quarter operating results. 

Operator 

Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes the fiscal year 2010 earnings conference call. You may now 
disconnect and thank you for using AT&T Conferencing. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


