Q4 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Allison Malkin, Senior Managing Director, ICR Inc. 
• Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer 
• Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer 
• Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Mark Quick 
• Michael Kovar 
• Jennifer Pritchard 
Other Participants 

• Neely Tamminga 
• Barbara Wyckoff 
• Anna Andreeva 
• Matthew McClintock 
• Eric Beder 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Fossil Incorporated Fourth 
Quarter Earnings Conference Call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the 
presentation, the conference will be open for questions. [Operator Instructions]. This conference is being recorded 
today Tuesday, February 16, 2010. 

I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Allison Malkin of ICR. Go ahead, ma'am. 

Allison Malkin, Senior Managing Director, ICR Inc. 

Thank you. Good morning. Before we begin, you should be aware that during this conference call, certain discussions 
will contain forward-looking information. Actual results could differ materially from those that will be projected during 
these discussions. Fossil's policy on forward-looking statements and additional information concerning a number of 
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements is readily available in our Form 10-K 
and 10-Q reports filed with the SEC. In addition, Fossil undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any 
forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 

If any non-GAAP financial measure is used on this call, a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial 
measure and a reconciliation of a GAAP financial measure to GAAP will be provided as supplemental financial 
information to this release in the earnings release section under the Investor Relations heading on Fossil's website. 

Please note that this call is being webcast live on Fossil's website. It will be available for replay on the website under 
the Investor Relations heading after the conclusion of this call. 

And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Fossil's CEO, Kosta Kartsotis. 


Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Allison. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. With us today are Mike Barnes, our President and 
COO; Mike Kovar, our CFO; Mark Quick, our Vice Chairman, and Jennifer Pritchard, our President of Retail. We'll 
first give an overview of the quarter and then we'll welcome your questions. 

Well, it's an interesting year to say the least. In some ways, it was one of our best years ever. We would like to take this 
opportunity to thank our more than 7,000 Fossil employees around the world for a terrific performance in a very 
difficult environment. 

At the onset of 2009, we were focused on making the company as efficient as possible on both expenses and inventory. 
At the same time, we set out to increased innovation in our product offerings and to develop new game changing 
product and branding ideas. It was not about price, it was about putting something different into the marketplace that 
will get the attention of customers. You could make the case that right now our product offerings in all brands and 
categories are better than they've ever been. 

We also sought to increase our market share by continuing to invest in our – expanding our retail store base by 
broadening our e-commerce and catalog initiatives and by expanding our shop and shop and concession programs 
internationally. Our overall goal was simple; to capitalize on opportunities while resetting our expense structure. Our 
record fourth quarter results reflect the accomplishments of those efforts. 

To summarize, net sales increased 8% on a constant dollar basis to a record $528 million. Our operating income 
increased 86% to a record $108 million. And our earnings per share grew 49% to a record $1.03 per diluted share. 

Our outstanding fourth results provided a noteworthy finish to what started out to be a very challenging year. For the 
year, our net sales declined less than 1% on a constant dollar basis to 1.55 billion. Our operating income margin 
expanded by 70 basis points to 13.7%, and we delivered record net income and EPS of $139 million and $2.07 
respectively. 

Sales were driven by differentiation and innovation, which was made possible by the advantages of our operating 
model and by our terrific design teams. This model allowed us to test new product on a broad scale, identify trends, and 
react quickly to flow best selling styles to our wholesale partners and to our direct businesses during the quarter. As a 
result, we increased the global sales of Fossil branded product by 9% in constant dollar terms during the fourth quarter. 

Our retail sales proved to be the primary platform for leveraging these growth opportunities. Our Direct to Consumer 
channel reported a 22.7% increase in sales in Q4 with comp store sales up 12.1% globally. Our full year stores comp 
was up 7.8% and included positive comps in all quarters and across the world demonstrating the strong acceptance of 
the Fossil brand and our product offerings. 

Terrific product and branding combined with a great customer experience inside our stores drove the results. Our 
stores, website, and catalog are spreading the Fossil brand message in a very powerful way and it is resonating with 
customers around the world. 

To see the most current view of the brand, we would encourage you to go to the fossil.com homepage and click on 
Fossil Life Style to see our recent catalog, lookbooks, and more information on Fossil. 

The brand continues to be a huge long-term global opportunity for the company as it develops even further as a lifestyle 
brand. In addition to new stores, we increased the distribution of our catalogs and our direct mail pieces and doubled 
our spend through search engines during the quarter. This drove brand awareness in sales, not only in our direct 
channels, but in our wholesale channel as well. 

In addition to the growth in our direct business, we achieved robust growth in our U.S. and other international 
wholesale segments as well. It's also noteworthy that our record performance was achieved in a difficult economic 
environment and at a time when our company is not yet firing on all cylinders. For example, our European performance 
was below other geographies as we had expected. 


On the balance sheet, the company grew even stronger. During 2009, cash balances increased $235 million to 413 
million and inventories remained at healthy levels, down 16% to last year. Our strong financial position will allow us to 
continue investing in our growth initiatives while also capitalizing on opportunities to leverage our global distribution 
platform. 

As we execute our 2010 plan, we realize that the economies around the world are still uncertain and our guidance is 
consistent with that view. We do feel however, that we're in a great position in terms of our brands, our innovate 
product, our business model, and our balance sheet and we intend to aggressively use these advantages to continue our 
positive momentum. 

Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Mike Barnes. 

Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer 

Thanks, Kosta. Good morning, everybody. I'll start with a review of our domestic business where we saw sales increase 
about 9.9% for the quarter with watches up 12.1% and our non-watch categories up 5.7%. Domestic wholesale watch 
growth was very broad-based during the quarter with Michele, Relic, Michael by Michael Kors, as well as certain 
licensed brands being the standouts. 

As Kosta mentioned, consumers responded very favorably to the innovation in our watches, especially the use of new 
and/or mixed materials. This provided some differentiation in our products and enticed consumer purchasing, even 
when in many cases the product was among the higher price points of the assortments. 

Michael Kors watches continues to be our fastest growing watch business in the U.S. wholesale segment. Q4 shipments 
more than doubled, fueled by new doors and great comp results in existing doors. As we've discussed on prior calls, 
although value is important to consumers, having the right styling, regardless of the price is really what drove sales. 
Kors is a perfect example of this as some of our best selling styles were our mostly expensive price points at 450 and 
$495 and the opening price point for Michael Kors is $95. 

Our proprietary luxury brand, Michele, experienced double-digit increases at wholesale shipments for the quarter. 
Michele has been outperforming the overall category of luxury watches in the market throughout the year and this 
continued during the holiday season. Michele's great style and value contrasted to many other luxury offerings really 
led to a strong year for the brand at retail. We expect Michele brand watches to continue to take market share in 2010. 

Relic watches also had a great Q4 as well, and again it was primarily driven by great design and value as our retail 
partners increased the depth of their assortments and added additional promotional goods as well. 

On the accessory side, our business experienced a 5.7% increase in wholesale shipments during the fourth quarter 
driven by strong double-digit increases in Fossil women's handbags, which is the largest business in our non-watch 
accessories category. These increases were aided by the ability to inject our best-selling handbags not only in our own 
retail stores, but also into our wholesale channel as de-stocking gave way to increased order flows in the back half of 
the year. Our Relic brand accessory assortments also continued to be a top performer in its distribution channel 
generating an 8% increase in sales during the fourth quarter. 

Additionally, jewelry also performed well in the quarter as total shipments increased double-digits lead by our Fossil 
accessory jewelry. This is a relatively new category for us in the U.S. market, having just launched a few years ago; so 
we continue to be very excited about the opportunities in front of us. 

Now on to the International Wholesale Business segment; to keep things simple and comparable, all my references to 
sales increases and decreases will be based on constant dollars. In the fourth quarter, International Wholesale net sales 
were essentially flat when compared to the prior year quarter, with the shortfall in Europe being pretty much offset by 
an increase in other International-based sales. 

In Europe, wholesale shipments climbed 5.7%; however, on an incremental quarter basis, this was a marked 
improvement over the 14.3% decline we experienced in the third quarter. Sales volume growth generated in Fossil and 


Kors watches were more than offset by declines in wholesale shipments of various other licensed brands. Despite the 
sales decline, we believe our Europe-based business continues to outperform our competitors and is on a nice upward 
trend. 

Total jewelry shipments declined by 11% in Europe. Strong growth in Armani jewelry was more than offset by 
declines in Fossil, which is our penetrated brand and DKNY as we anniversary the launch of DKNY that began late in 
the third quarter, last year. Jewelry was also up against strong double-digit growth in prior years. Overall though, we 
continue to foresee the jewelry category as one of our strongest growth opportunities on global basis. 

In the leather category, our expansion in Europe continued favorably and we're excited about the long-term potential to 
expand this category throughout the continent. In total, Fossil wholesale leather shipments rose by 15% during the 
quarter with strong sales gains across both women's and men's product lines. We believe the growth for our own store 
base in Europe is continuing to improve the Fossil brand awareness across all categories, leading to further 
opportunities for wholesale expansion. 

Other International wholesale sales increased a nice double-digit, 11%, with particular strength across many of our 
licensed brands within Asia-Pacific, Mexico and Canada. We also made good progress in our jewelry and our leather 
businesses in the segment. However these businesses remained relatively small compared to watches, which allows for 
continued future growth opportunities. 

Although shipments to third-party distributors and to our Spain joint venture, declined by 8.2%, this represented a large 
improvement compared to the 42.8% decline experienced to the first nine months of the year. Our Asia-Pac businesses 
continue to represent our largest opportunity for percentage growth, and we remain confident that our strategies will 
enable us to continue the favorable momentum into 2010. 

We believe markets that we've recently entered such as China, Korea and India, as well as other markets that we've 
been in for a while can become game changers for this region and the company as a whole over the long-term. On our 
direct-to-silver segment, we continued strong performance from the first nine months of the year growing by 22% 
during the quarter, as a result of continued store growth combined with strong comp store sales increases of 12.1% 
globally. 

Our growth engine in this segment is the Fossil accessory store concept, which delivered U.S. and global comp 
increases of 13.2% and 11.3% respectively in a full-price environment I might add. In addition, e-commerce sales grew 
by 9.5% and that was on top of 34% increase last year. Of the 29, full-price accessory stores we opened in 2009, all but 
five were opened outside the U.S. and the majority of these openings were in Europe and Canada where we're 
consistently hitting or exceeding our pro forma targets. 

Our outlet stores which we utilized primarily to clear discontinued product reported comp store increases of 11% 
during the quarter following 7% increase last year. Given the health of our inventory, we significantly reduced 
promotional activity in our outlets, allowing gross margins to expand significantly while also posting these solid comp 
performances. 

Globally, we ended the year with 354 stores and occupied 629,000 square feet, compared to 589,000 square feet at the 
end of 2008. This includes 219 full-price accessory stores, 127 of which are located outside the U.S. and 89 outlet 
locations including 15 outside the U.S. Additionally, we ended the year with 33 apparel stores and 13 multi-brand 
stores. This compares to 324 stores at the end of the prior year, including 191 full-price accessory stores with 104 being 
outside the U.S. and 82 outlet stores including eight outside the U.S., plus the 33 apparel stores and 18 multi-brand 
stores. 

During 2009 we opened a net of 30 stores comprised of 42 new stores with a closure of 12 stores. Currently, we 
anticipate to open approximately 50 new doors or slightly more than last year in 2010 the majority of which will be our 
full-price accessory concept. While we're pleased with the performance of our stores in the U.S. in the fourth quarter, 
which we have seen continue to perform very well into the first quarter to-date, we anticipate the majority of the new 
openings to remain outside the U.S. We will however remain open relative to opportunities within the U.S. 


In addition, coinciding with natural lease expiration dates we also plan to close approximately 28 existing locations 
globally with certain of these stores opening in more productive locations and formats. The net of all of this is an 
increase of just over 2% in total square footage but brining an expected increase of over 10% in total productivity. Our 
priority for 2010 is to increase sales productivity as we further improve store selling metrics with an emphasis on 
conversion. 

At this time, I'm going to turn the call over to Mike Kovar. 

Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks Mike. I'll start off by summarizing our fourth quarter 2009 versus 2008 results from this morning's press 
release. Net sales increased 13.7% or 8% in constant dollars to 527.8 million. Gross profit increased 22.8% to 297.6 
million or 56.4% of net sales. Operating income increased to 86.3% to 108 million or 20.5% of net sales. Net income 
increased 51.2% to 70 million and diluted earnings per share increased 49.3% to $1.03 on 67.7 million shares. 

The sales mix breakdown for the fourth, in order of magnitude was as follows, 30% from European wholesale sales, 
26% from worldwide direct-to-consumer businesses, 20% from domestic wholesale watch sales, 14% from wholesale 
activities in International locations other than Europe, and 10% from non-watch domestic wholesales businesses. The 
13.7% increase in reported net sales for the quarter consisted of the following increases and decreases by category and 
geographic region. 

Sales from our worldwide direct-to-consumer businesses grew 26% to 137.3 million. Domestic watch sales increased 
12.1% to 103.5 million. International-based sales excluding Europe, which primarily consist of export sales to 
distributors, shipments to our Spain joint venture and sales from our Canada, Mexico and Asia Pacific wholesale 
operations increased by 18.7% to 76.1 million. Excluding currency that favorably impacted sales by 4.9 million in 
comparison to Q4 last year, other International wholesale sales grew by 11% during the quarter. 

Non-watch domestic sales, which primarily include our leather, sunglass and jewelry businesses, increased 5.7% to 

53.6 million, and finally sales generated from European-based wholesales operations increased 6.3% to 157.3 million, 
and excluding currency that favorably impacted reported sales by 17.7 million in this segment in comparison to last 
year, European wholesale sales declined by 5.7%. 
Gross profit increased 22.8% over the prior year quarter as a result of increased sales and significantly improved gross 
profit margins. Gross profit margin increased by 420 basis points to 56.4% in the fourth quarter compared to 52.2% in 
the prior year quarter. The weaker U.S. dollar contributed 165 basis points to the improvement. In comparison to the 
prior year quarter, gross profit margins also benefited from reduced levels of low margin sales through off-price 
liquidation channels. This is the direct result of managing our inventories to much healthier levels during fiscal 2009. 
To a lesser extent, gross profit margins were also benefited by a higher sales mix of Direct to Consumer sales, 
improved margins in our outlet stores, and reduced wholesale markdown levels in comparison to Q4 last year. 

Year-over-year, fourth quarter operating expenses only increased by $5.1 million to 189.6 million resulting in a 
significant improvement in operating expense leverage. As a percentage of net sales, operating expenses decreased to 
35.9% in comparison to 39.7% in the prior year fourth quarter. On a constant dollar basis, and therefore excluding $7.8 
million relative to a stronger – or to a weaker U.S. dollar in the quarter, fourth quarter operating expenses actually 
declined by $2.7 million. This decline was primarily driven by approximately 16.2 million of expense reductions 
related to our wholesale businesses inclusive of a $5.9 million net reduction in asset impairment charges when 
compared to the prior year quarter. 

Partially offsetting the decline in operating expenses from our wholesale businesses was an increase in operating 
expenses in our Direct to Consumer segment and corporate costs of 11.1 million and 2.4 million respectively. The 
increase in the Direct to Consumer segment was primarily related to the impact on the fourth quarter of a net 30 new 
stores opened during the fiscal year 2009 period. For fiscal 2010, we expect operating expenses as a percentage of net 
sales to increase slightly. The increase is predicated on a higher sales mix of Direct to Consumer sales, which carry a 


higher SG&A component, but also generate higher gross margins as well, and the normalization of compensation and 
other expenses that we pulled back on in 2009. Operating income in the fourth quarter increased by approximately $50 
million over the prior year quarter, inclusive of approximately 15.5 million as a result of the translation of 
foreign-based sales and expenses in the U.S. dollars. 

Higher gross profit margins and significantly improved operating expense leverage increased operating income to 
20.5% as a percentage of net sales. Other income and expense decreased favorably by $6.3 million during the fourth 
quarter, and this was primarily due to lower mark-to-market foreign currency transaction losses in comparison to the 
prior year quarter. 

Income tax expense increased by approximately 32.7 million based on increased earnings and higher effective tax rate. 
The effective income tax rate for the 2009 and 2008 fourth quarter was 34.5% and 8.1% respectively. Last year if you 
recall our Q4 income tax expense was favorably impacted by a reduction of certain current and long-term tax reserves 
in connection with the completion of previous year's income tax audits. For fiscal year 2010, we expect our effective 
tax rate to be in the 36 to 37% range excluding any discrete events. 

Finally, fourth quarter net income increased by 51.2% to $70 million or $1.03 per diluted share. Q4 diluted earnings per 
share was favorably impacted by approximately $0.23 related to currency, but partially offset by approximately $0.20 
per diluted share as a result of reduced income tax expense during the fourth quarter last year. 

Turning to the balance sheet, we ended the year with cash, cash equivalents, and securities available for sale totaling 

413.2 million compared to 178.4 million at the end of 2008, and we have 8.2 million in total debt. Inventory at year end 
was 245.7 million, representing a decrease of 15.8% from the prior year balance of 292 million. 
While wholesale sales increased by 10% during the fourth quarter, accounts receivable increased by only 1.9% to 209.8 
million. Fourth quarter days sales outstanding for our wholesale segments decreased to 47 days in comparison to 51 
days in the prior year quarter. During fiscal year 2009, we had capital expenditures of approximately 46 million, and 
are expecting fiscal year 2010 capital expenditures of 55 to 65 million. 

As in fiscal 2009, we expect the majority of the 2010 capital expenditures will be related to new store openings, store 
remodels, and the continued rollout of our SAP POS system to our Europe stores. Depreciation and amortization 
expense for fiscal 2009 totaled 39.5 million, and we estimate full year 2010 depreciation and amortization expense to 
increase by approximately 10% as it relates to guidance for 2010. 

As we've discussed in the past, as we continue to grow our retail store base and e-commerce businesses, sales from our 
Direct to Consumer segment increase as a percentage of the total sales mix generally benefiting profitability in the 
fourth quarter as we saw this past fourth quarter, but typically at the expense of the first and second quarter, when due 
to seasonality it's more difficult to leverage Direct to Consumer expenses against Direct to Consumer sales. 

For the first quarter of 2010, we expect reported net sales to increase in the range of 12 to 14% with constant dollar 
sales increasing in the range of 10 to 12%. First quarter 2010 diluted earnings per share are expected to be in a range of 
$0.31 to $0.33 per share. This range includes a projected unfavorable currency impact of approximately $0.02 per 
diluted share. While we expect to see some benefit to operating income from the translation of a weaker average dollar 
in comparison to Q1 last year, the significant strengthening of the dollar since the end of 2009 to the current prevailing 
rates is expected to resolve in mark-to-market losses as we settle unhedged foreign accounts payable balances during 
the quarter. Additionally on a combined basis, a slightly higher tax rate and share count in Q1 this year versus last will 
negatively impact earnings by another $0.02. 

For fiscal year 2010, we expect reported net sales to increase in the range of nine to 11% with constant dollar sales 
increasing in the range of 10 to 12%. Diluted earnings per share for the year are expected to be in the range of $2.25 to 
$2.35, this range includes an unfavorable currency impact of approximately $0.17 per diluted share primarily related to 
the translation impact of an average stronger dollar for the year and also includes a combined unfavorable impact of 
approximately $0.10 per diluted share from an expected slightly higher effective tax rate and share count in comparison 
to fiscal 2009. We're not including any significant mark-to-market losses in our full year guidance as we believe losses 
expected to be incurred during the first quarter will be offset by the benefit of forward contract hedges we have in place 


for the full year. Our forward guidance as always is based upon the current prevailing rate of the U.S. dollar compared 
to other foreign currencies for countries in which we operate. 

In summary, we're proud of our accomplishments in 2009 and are focused on continuing our positive momentum into 
fiscal 2010. We expect fiscal 2010 to represent another year of solid market share gains for Fossil as we capitalize on 
our global operating platform and the strength of our brands. At the same time, our strong financial position and solid 
free cash flow give us the financial flexibility to invest in our future growth and we will continue to evaluate all 
opportunities that lead to increases in shareholder value. 

Now, I would like to turn the call back over to the operator to begin the Q&A portion of the call. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Neely Tamminga with Piper Jaffray. 
Go ahead please. 

<Q - Neely Tamminga>: Great. Good morning, guys, and congratulations. It's just a fabulous drive really, considering 
this environment. Just a couple things here, Mike Barnes, one thing that you made a comment on about improving sales 
per square foot, with an emphasis on conversions that can evoke a lot of different strategies. I'm just wondering if you 
guys could maybe build on that a little bit, and enumerate is it product innovation – I mean, are there some kind of cool 
technologies coming out that can be adapted broadly within the watch category? I've heard, you guys talk about maybe 
the apparel appetite outside the U.S., maybe being a point of conversion improvement, just could you build on that a 
little bit? Thanks. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Sure, Neely. Good morning. Thanks for joining 
us. You know, product innovation is really what's been driving everything for us this year, Kosta mentioned it and I 
mentioned it in the call as well. While we had some great opportunities in opening price points in many of our 
categories, brands, et cetera it was really the innovation, it was the new materials that, was driving the consumer to 
really make the purchases and the great designs that we supply to the market. So we feel like the product is the 
beginning point and that is to help us drive higher conversion rates, the service quality within our own stores is also a 
huge part of that. We have improved our stores considerably over the last couple of years and we're seeing the great 
effects of that. If you look at the store comps that we had on a global basis, it's just really amazing in the environment 
that we had out there. 

We are seeing some improvement also in our apparel stores. We have mentioned that we had a – really a great year in 
our apparel stores, we had a big remodel here in our store in Stonebriar Mall here, just north of Dallas and it's 
performed extremely well ever since we reopened it in the fourth quarter last year. 

So we just think that there's a lot of opportunities out there and we think that Europe may also be a big opportunity for 
us. In fact, we're planning on adding apparel to a couple of stores in Europe this year as well as on our website and we 
think there's a big, big opportunity for major growth in that area in the future. 

<Q - Neely Tamminga>: Mike, would that include the German website as well? 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Yes, the German website was what I was 
referring to. We already have apparel on our U.S. website and it's actually one of the best selling categories that we 
have on that. 

<Q - Neely Tamminga>: Great. Thanks you guys and good luck. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Thank you. 


Operator 

And our next question comes from the line of Barbara Wyckoff with Jesup & Lamont. Go ahead please. 

<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: Hi, everyone. What a great quarter. I have some questions. Could you talk about the 
international opportunity in Michele and what would it take to get more critical mass overseas? And then the second 
question, if you could talk a little about your progress in China? And then lastly, could you give us some color on 
Adidas? How much business did you do in this brand last year versus the prior year? And talk a little about the 
distribution and the future. Thanks. 

<A - Mark Quick>: Hi Barbara, it's Mark Quick, I'll take the question on Michele. We continue to believe that the 
biggest opportunity with Michele is our domestic business. As we noted on the call earlier, we've seen very significant 
increases with our existing customer base. We also think there's opportunity with the more – the smaller independent 
specialty retailers to get growth there. 

Also as you know, we've increased our emphasis on categories outside the watch business with Michele, having 
recently launched both eyewear and handbags. That said, we are working in certain international countries like 
Germany, like the U.K., to gauge the level of potential opportunity for us with the Michele brand intentionally. And we 
will continue to look at that, monitor those results closely to see the level of opportunity that exists for us outside the 

U.S. 
<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: Thank you. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Barbara, on your China question, we think 
there's a huge opportunity in China and this is something that we're studying very closely. I spent some time in Asia, 
during the fourth quarter last year, specifically meeting with a number of companies regarding their strategies on China 
and this is something that we're really going to get focused on. We have been beefing up our team there. We've had an 
office there now for a couple of years and we're really starting to make some progress. 

It's going to take time because China is a big country and it's a complicated country but the overall opportunity there is 
really huge in the long-term and I think that you'll see us make some great strides there this year and going forward as 
well. Our China comp numbers were up actually 16.7% is that the fourth quarter or – in the fourth quarter in our own 
stores our China comp numbers were up 16.7% so we also think that there is a huge opportunity for our Fossil brand in 
that market as well. That – you're going to be seeing a lot of growth in that area. 

As far as Adidas, I'm very happy to say after had having many calls where we struggled with Adidas that we had a 
pretty good year last year. We were up on the full year by almost 7% and the fourth quarter we really hit our stride and 
we were up 51% with the Adidas brand. I think we really have found the DNA of where Adidas needs to live. It's a 
great brand, digital watches are really driving that business, a lot of great design and color is driving that business and 
so it took us couple of years to really get our full stride going there but Adidas is doing very well right now. 

<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: Thanks so much. Congrats. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from the line of Anna Andreeva with JPMorgan. Go head please. 

<Q - Anna Andreeva>: Great, thanks. Good morning guys and congrats on the great quarter. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks Anna. 

<Q - Anna Andreeva>: I was wondering if you can give us a little bit more color on the wholesale channel. I think 
most other manufacturers so far are not seeing a ton of restocking from department stores but obviously you guys had 
very strong results in this channel in the fourth quarter. So do you think we should expect similar double digit increases 
for the balance of 2010 or do you think maybe some of the orders go forward during the holiday that's my first 


question? 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: We had seen through the first three quarters a 
year destocking really across the world at wholesale and distributors and the watch business also was rather tough. You 
can see it all the way from the high end Swiss guys all the way through fashion watches, and the watch business was 
tough. But there was somewhat of a turnaround in the fourth quarter in both the retail and therefore our wholesale 
shipments and we also are seeing pretty strong results through this first part of this quarter also. So we're expecting – 
especially when you consider the fact that we're up again somewhat smaller numbers, we're expecting to get some 
increases this year and as we said in the conference call script there is still an economic situation out there. So we're not 
totally thinking that things are going to turnaround we're going to be back to big growth. But we are in a great position 
in terms of our brands and our designs and we think that even if the environment is somewhat difficult we're going to 
gain market share. So we're hopeful for the rest of the year that we'll do that. 

<Q - Anna Andreeva>: Okay. And a similar question on Europe, you mentioned – you obviously saw some pick up in 
orders in the first – in the fourth quarter. Could you maybe give us some color by country and also what are you guys 
embedding in your guidance for 2010? You certainly are lapping much easier comparisons really all year. Do you think 
Europe ex-currency could be up next year? 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: I think, if you look at Europe that was really the 

– from a wholesale perspective that was the weakest region that we had in the fourth quarter. As we have talked about 
all year along Europe kind of came into this economic mess a little bit later than the U.S. and we expected them to kind 
of come out of it a little bit later and that's what I think that we're seeing. 
We did see some marked improvement. Our distribution business was down a lot less than it had been throughout the 
first nine months of the year. I just think that they're being a lot more conservative on a wholesale basis in Europe right 
now as you see in the news, there are still a lot of issues with certain countries in Europe that have not been resolved as 
of yet, I think that we will see continued improvement in that region though and our own stores really point to that 
because our comps continue to be very positive in Europe in our own stores and our business continues to just get 
stronger over there. So I think that we will see things improve in Europe just at a little bit slower pace than it has in the 
United States and in the rest of the world. 

<Q - Anna Andreeva>: Okay. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Anna if you look at it from a 
guidance perspective, the first half of the year for the U.S. wholesale business is a much easier comp than the back half 
of the year other than for the accessory business where we think there is a comp opportunity in Q3. Obviously with the 
Q4 we had, the growth rate that we are expecting in Q4 in 2010 is going to be a little bit tougher. 

From an international perspective if you recall the second and third quarters last year, our businesses were down 
significantly. So we feel like the middle of the year, for the European and other international segments provide some 
opportunity for us to grow and for Europe specifically we hope that by the time we get to the fourth quarter some of 
these more macro issues sell themselves out in Europe and we can see our business return to a normal level of growth. 

<Q - Anna Andreeva>: Okay. That's great. And I know Germany and the U.K. are your two biggest countries in 
Europe. Did you see an improvement in those regions in the fourth quarter? 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: I would say on a country level basis, Germany 
still was a difficult market. I would say most of Continental Europe was a difficult market. The U.K. we actually saw a 
double digit increase in our wholesale business there and I think part of that is the fact that the pound has got a lot 
weaker over the last couple of months against the euro and some of that may be just people traveling over and taking 
advantage of the currency, but I would say on a continental basis, we saw a pretty consistent performance across each 
country. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: But again, Anna, I would add that in our own 
stores, which we have all over Europe, we had very strong 13.2% comps in the fourth quarter and that came on top of 


almost 13% comp from the prior year. So our own business is doing very well over there. I think the wholesalers are 
being a little bit conservative and I don't blame them at this point, but I think that we will see some improvement in 
Europe as the year goes along. 

<Q - Anna Andreeva>: Okay. That's great. Very helpful. Thanks so much guys and good luck. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

And your next question comes from the line of Matt McClintock with Barclays Capital. Go ahead, sir. 

<Q - Matthew McClintock>: Yeah. Good morning. Just a real quick question. And you just threw out Europe, I was 
wondering if you could provide some more color on how the global 12% comp increase shakes out through the other 
regions? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, I would say we saw it across all 
regions with the U.S. and Europe being the strongest double-digit. Asia comps were up small single-digits but still – 
and that's on a relatively small comp base in Asia. We obviously haven't grown as many stores in that part of the world 
as we have in Europe and the U.S. 

<Q - Matthew McClintock>: Right. Okay. And then the second follow-up question would be European wholesale. 
You talked a little bit about how trends have improved. Have those trends continue to prove through the first quarter? 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: I would say that we're not seeing a significant 
trend difference from what we experienced in Q4. If you look at the guidance we laid out, the expectation is that 
Europe is still going to be a challenging growth opportunity for us in Q1. If you look at last year's performance, Q1 was 
the first quarter that we saw our European business decline on a constant dollar basis and that decline was much less 
than we experienced in the second and third quarters last year. So from a comp perspective, the wholesale business 
would be a little more challenge than Q1, but the comps get a little bit easier in Q2 and Q3. 

<Q - Matthew McClintock>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. And our next question comes from the line of Eric Beder with Brean Murray, Carret and 
Company. Go ahead, sir. And your line is open, Mr. Beder. 

<Q - Eric Beder>: Well, good morning. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Good morning. 

<Q - Eric Beder>: Hi, congratulations. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Thanks. 

<Q - Eric Beder>: Could you talk a little bit about average price? Can you talk about how the fashion has 
differentiated product has driven it? And I know at the beginning of '09 you find lower pricing; are you seeing less 
resistance to higher pricing [inaudible]? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I think what we're seeing is, the customer is responding to 
differentiation, innovation, new materials, new ways of making products both on watches and in leather goods, 
sunglasses, et cetera. So I think what we've been spending time on is really putting the innovation differentiation in the 
market and the customer is responding to it even if it's higher priced. In fact, in the Fossil watch line, our average unit 
retail went up quite a bit. Our best selling styles which are selling extremely well are not at our normal $75, they're at 


95 and 105. So the customer is clearly responding to differentiation; things that they don't have newness, if it looks 
right and if it appeals to them, they're willing to spend for it. 

<Q - Eric Beder>: Okay. Could you give us an update on Armani? How that's doing? And are you looking for – what 
are you looking to do with the cash now? 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: On Armani, Armani actually had – was one of 
the more difficult brands for the full year last year. The customer was really voting for fashion, innovation, new 
materials and Armani is a little bit more conservative traditional brand. We did see a pick up in the fourth quarter 
though as gift giving time came around and people turned back towards more, a little bit more traditional as well as the 
fashion brands. So we saw some improvement in the fourth quarter with Armani and we expect that going forward it's 
going to continue to be one of our best brands. It is our largest licensed brand right now. We expect that to continue and 
to see the brand continue to grow as we go forward. I'll let Mike talk about the cash. 

<A - Michael Kovar>: Yeah, Eric, we also announced today that the board did approve a small buyback authorization 
of $20 million for 2010. The premise of that is to allow us to go out and at least acquire as many shares to offset any 
dilution from our compensation plans and includes stock grants. Additionally you saw we are increasing our capital 
expenditure outlays about 30 to 35% on top of the 46 million. 

With all of that, we will still generate a substantial amount of free cash flow. We're always very opportunistic as it 
relates to adding to the opportunities that are out there. I would say we're seeing a lot more activity in the area of 
acquisition opportunities than new licensing opportunities. I would say the attractiveness of those deals aren't where we 
think they ultimately could be. A lot of our competition is struggling out there, so we're going to just sit back and look 
for opportunities that make sense to obviously increase shareholder value for the company. 

<Q - Eric Beder>: Okay. Congratulations again. 

<A - Michael Kovar>: Thanks. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And we have a follow-up question from the line of Barbara Wyckoff with Jesup & Lamont. Go ahead, please. 

<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: Hi. Can you update us on the results of your Watch Station test stores? And then also the 
Armani Exchange line, has it been shipped now? And I'm just curious how the bookings were. Because this does ask a 
little more fashion and high functionality and pizzazz than versus the Armani Emporio line. Thanks. 

<A - Jennifer Pritchard>: Hey, Barbara. It's Jennifer. 

<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: Hi, Jennifer. 

<A - Jennifer Pritchard>: We're pretty pleased with progress that we've made on the Watch Station stores. As you 
know, we opened some in August of last year and stores in the U.S. exceeded our expectations and continued to be very 
productive spaces so we're – we will continue to pursue that as part of our portfolio in our long-term brand strategy. 
We've also, just recently, at the beginning of December opened our first international Watch Station store and that is 
also exceeding expectations. So we're pretty pleased. 

<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: And Barbara, as far as Armani Exchange, we're 
pretty excited about that part of the Armani brand, because it is different from the EA watches. It's a lot more 
fashionable; it's younger; it's a lot more logo driven, and it's just, it's product that goes across both men's and women's 
product lines. We continue to have a great role out of the brand this year. We did almost $8 million in that brand, and 
we expect to see that continue to be very, very successful for us and add to the Armani portfolio very nicely. 


<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: Okay. Thanks so much. 

Operator 

And there are no further questions at this time. I will turn it back to management for any closing remarks. 

Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Joe. Should you want a replay of this conference call, it has been recorded and will be available from 10 
AM Central Time today until 12 PM midnight Central Time tomorrow. And you can call 303-590-3030 or 
1-800-406-7325; enter reservation number 4205308 followed by the # sign. Again those numbers for the replay are 
303-590-3030 or 1-800-406-7325, reservation number 4205308. 

The conference call has also been recorded by StreetEvents and may be accessed through StreetEvents website at 
www.streetevents.com or directly through our website at fossil.com by clicking on Investor Relations and then on our 
homepage and then on webcast. 

Finally, should you have any questions that did not get addressed today, feel free to give myself or Mike Barnes a call. 
Thanks again for joining us. Our next scheduled conference call will be in May for the release of our 2010 first quarter 
operating results. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Fossil Incorporated fourth quarter earnings conference call. Thank you 
for using ACT Conferencing. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


