Q3 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Allison C. Malkin, Integrated Corporate Relations 
• Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer 
• Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer 
• Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Mark Quick 
Other Participants 

• Neely Tamminga 
• Barbara Wyckoff 
• Randy Konik 
• Ronald Bookbinder 
• Robin Murchison 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning ladies and gentlemen and thank you for standing by and welcome to the Fossil Inc's. Third Quarter 
Earnings Conference Call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the 
presentation the conference will be open for questions. [Operator Instructions] This Conference is being recorded today 
Tuesday November 10, 2009. 

I would now like to turn the conference over to our host Ms. Allison Malkin of ICR. Go ahead, ma'am. 

Allison C. Malkin, Integrated Corporate Relations 

Thank you, good morning. Before we begin, you should be aware that during this conference call, certain discussions 
will contain statements that are projected during these discussions. Fossil's policy on forward-looking statements and 
additional information concerning a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from such 
statements is readily available in our Form 10-K and 10-Q reports filed with the SEC. In addition, Fossil undertakes no 
obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future 
events, or otherwise. 

If any non-GAAP financial measure is used on this call, a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial 
measure and a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to GAAP will be provided as supplemental financial 
information to this release under the earnings release section under the Investor Relations heading on Fossil's website. 

Please note that this call is being webcast live on Fossil's website. It will be available for replay on the website under 
the Investor Relations heading after the conclusion of the call. 

And now I'd like to turn the call over to Fossil's CEO, Kosta Kartsotis. 


Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Allison. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. With us today are Mike Barnes, our President and 
COO; Mike Kovar, our CFO; Mark Quick, our Vice Chairman; and Jennifer Pritchard, our President of Retail. We will 
first give an overview of the quarter and then welcome your questions. 

We are pleased to report third quarter results have exceeded our expectations with 381 million in net sales, generating 
earnings per share of $0.52. Mildly ahead of the guidance range of $0.38 to $0.42 per share. 

During the quarter, retailers continued their conservative approach to inventory investment. But we experienced 
improving sales trends within certain categories in markets and through our own stores. Revenue growth in our 
direct-to-consumer channel increased 22%, growing to 24% of net sales in comparison to 18% last year. Growth in 
retail locations and global comp store sales of 6.4% were the drivers of this result. Our growth in Europe continued at a 
rapid pace reporting a comp increase of 10.7%. We're also pleased to see strong double digit growth in our wholesale 
leather business in Europe, which continues to gain exposure through our growing network of Fossil stores. Europe and 
a number of our international distributor markets continued to lag the U.S. in the economic recovery resulting in an 
overall negative effect on sales in those regions. That weakness resulted in the decline in our global watch sales of 5% 
in constant currency. 

Domestically, however, we are beginning to see improvement with the 2.7% increase in watch sales following a drop 
of 3.5% in the second quarter. Interestingly, the consumer is chasing fashion and is willing to pay higher prices for it. 
This trend is notable in several areas including the Michele watch brand that experienced strong double digit growth 
and in our licensed watch brand Michael by Michael Kors and in our FOSSIL brand where our top sellers were in the 
$85 fashion forward styles versus our entry price point levels of $55. Fortunately we spotted this trend early and have a 
lot of this type of product flowing to the stores right now. 

We feel our assortments of retail are in very good shape and are poised for a very good holiday season. Keep in mind 
the 45% of the watch sales for the year will happen in the next 10 weeks. As previously mentioned, our leather 
offerings did extremely well internationally, domestically our leather sales were up double digits in our own stores but 
were down double digit at wholesale, as retailers ordered very conservatively. We believe this 17% decline in 
accessory shipments during the third quarter represents a rather inconsistent order pattern that we've experienced during 
the first nine months of the year. As our department store customers were trying to bring inventories in line with selling 
trends. We believe the 9.6% decline year-to-date in our wholesale shipments better represents the performance of this 
business. 

We're also up against store growth from last year in both jewelry and cold weather gear that makes this comparison 
more difficult. Going forward we feel confident that as some of the newness in accessories that has been performing 
well in our stores begins to penetrate the wholesale accounts, we will see the sales momentum pick up again. As we 
have mentioned on previous calls, the repositioning of the brand in the few years has been a very successful move for 
us. Fossil as aspirational, affordable brand, rooted in vintage and authenticity, and focused on innovation. This plays 
very well around the world today and is a long-term significant opportunity for the company. 

We are focused on driving this branded message in a big way for holiday. We are expanding our catalog distribution, 
increasing our investment in online search and advertising and continuing to open new Fossil stores. We would 
encourage you to see the Fossil brand positioning by looking at our most recent catalog which can viewed on 
fossil.com. This catalog dropped last week and has been driving substantial sales increases. All in all we feel we're in a 
very strong position for the future, we've seen during the past year the entire company get more focused and more 
efficient. 

Our business model is diversified across multiple distribution channels, geographies and product categories and has 
shown to be very resilient. Our design and sourcing teams are focused more than ever on innovation, execution and 
developing our great brands worldwide. There are lot of exciting things going on in the company even in this relatively 
tough environment. With several significant drivers of near and long-term growth a strong balance sheet and increased 
efficiencies, we are confident in our ability to achieve our 2009 goals and to deliver even greater rates of profitability 


and growth as the economy improves. 

Now, I'll turn it over to Mike for more details. 

Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer 

Thanks, Kosta, good morning everybody. I'll start with a review of our domestic business, where we saw sales decline 
6.9% for the quarter, with watches up 2.7% and non-watch categories down 17.1%. But I would like to reiterate as 
Kosta mentioned we feel that somewhat inconsistent order patterns contributed to this decline and that the high single 
digit year-to-date decline is more representative of this business. 

So, let's kick this off with some additional color on our domestic watch business. During our last call, we indicated that 
while we're receiving stability return to the retail marketplace, there really was no catalyst to encourage retailers to 
increase their purchases prior to when the product was needed ahead of holiday. While this continued in the third 
quarter, we did see an improved and positive trend in our domestic watch shipments versus the second quarter. 

More encouraging is that retail selling has improved from the prior quarter although still down the last year. However, 
we've seen great comp performances for specific brands. In fact several of our brands reported robust growth numbers 
domestically during Q3. Michael Kors and Adidas experienced double digit increases in wholesale shipments as both 
brands continued to add new doors. Michael Kors expanded all doors in Macy's in October and Adidas is launching the 
substantial number of new doors during November. The Michael Kors business was also up significantly on a comp 
basis. Our Fossil wholesale watch shipments continued to decline in the third quarter which we believe partially reflects 
retailers continued preference to manage their inventory conservatively. In addition, there appears to be more of a shift 
from core to fashion products within the watch category, which has a bigger effect on the more mature brands. We've 
had great selling on the new Fossil styles introduced in October and we believe the trend in Fossil watches will improve 
during the fourth quarter. Although there still seems to be some reluctance by some of our key customers to really start 
a major inventory build, we have landed additional goods in many of our best selling key styles so that we can still 
deliver to the selling floor for holiday. 

Within the mass market channel, we continue to achieve solid growth with wholesale shipments increasing by 7.5%. 
We believe this is somewhat indicative of the current trend of trade down by the consumer, continued great product 
development, as well as the result of great support provided by our largest customer in the channel. 

Michele Watches, our proprietary fashion luxury brand, performed very well in the quarter with wholesale shipments 
up 18.4% and remains the best selling affordable luxury brand within its distribution channel, and continues to 
outperform both the store and category performance of the luxury channel. Michele's continued great styling and 
comparative value in contrast to many other luxury offerings out there is driving great consumer support of the brand. 

For our domestic accessory business, wholesale shipments declined 17.1% during the third quarter, reflecting a tougher 
comparison from last year, when we were up 9% comp in Q3. It also included several product introductions and door 
expansions related to our accessory jewelry, Fossil cold weather gear and Fossil 54 handbags. In addition, we 
selectively deemphasized our Holiday Gift program this year, which impacted sales for the category by approximately 

1.8 million in comparison to Q3 of last year. 
However, based upon the selling results we're seeing for both men's and women's leather products in our own stores. 
We're very encouraged about the opportunity Q4 provides. 

Our comps are little easier for the holiday quarter and we don't expect that we'll experience the same level of 
promotional activity as in Q4 last year that increased our mark down contributions and thus lowered our sales. 

To update you on footwear during the third quarter, we launched women's footwear and approximately 100 doors and 
while the results are early, the response has been positive. In addition, we continue to react and build on our men's 
footwear line launched back in spring. 


We continued to be encouraged by selling results on the web as well for our shoe category, where we're driving 
awareness for this product through our Fossil catalog and search terms. 

The business is in its infancy but we continue to see footwear is a solid long-term growth opportunity for the company. 
Now I'll move on to our international wholesale business segment. As always in order to keep things simple and 
apples-to-apples all of my references to sales increases and decreases will be based upon constant dollars. Our 
international sales were negatively impacted by tough economic conditions and difficult comparisons to last year. 

When we experienced constant dollar sales growth of double-digit 12.1% in Q3 last year. In total, our international 
wholesale shipments decreased by 14.5% during the third quarter. With shipments to third-party distributors and our 
Spain joint venture down 19.4 million or 38.7% compared to last year. In Europe, our wholesale shipments declined by 
14.3%, 11.1% excluding the third-party distribution business. These results are similar to the trend we saw in the 
second quarter of this year. 

As previously mentioned, Europe came into this tough economic period after the United States and as such we would 
expect the region to lag on the exit as well. That said, we do see opportunity to slightly improve the trend in our fourth 
quarter shipments. We're well prepared to take advantage of further strengthening in the trend and we'll also remain 
focused on gaining more market share. From product perspective we saw growth in watch sales from Burberry, Marc 
by Marc Jacobs and Michael Kors. But these gains were more than offset by declines in our much larger Fossil, 
DKNY, EMPORIO ARMANI, and Diesel watch businesses. 

Total European based jewelry sales declined by 23.9% as most of our distribution for this category is in our more 
penetrated markets. Additionally, we are comping the roll out of DKNY jewelry in Q3 last year which generated $2.3 
million in sales. We're currently working diligently to focus more on best selling price points and we're driving our 
product groups toward continued innovation for our leading brand Fossil. Notwithstanding the current environment, we 
continue to foresee the jewelry category as one of our strongest growth opportunities globally going forward. 

Leather goods shipments in Europe increased 34.6% for the quarter with fantastic sales growth reported in Germany, 
the United Kingdom and Italy. This is off of a fairly small base as we're just beginning to penetrate this category in 
many markets. However, the awareness for this category is strong as result of our continued retail store growth within 
the region as well as the success of these categories within those stores. We're seeing some great opportunities based on 
our great styling, quality and value. We're also finding limited competition relative to the materials and price points we 
offer. 

During the quarter we experienced strong double-digit growth in both women's and men's leather goods, a trend we do 
expect to continue. Other international wholesale sales decreased by 14.8% primarily as a result of decreased shipments 
to our third party distribution partners and to our Spain joint venture. We were also up against a difficult comparison to 
last year where we experienced a 20.1% increase in third quarter shipments. However, wholesale shipments excluding 
third party distributors from our Asia Pac subsidiaries actually increased by 15.5% driven by expansion into the newer 
markets as well as solid contributions from newer businesses including leather goods, Michael Kors and Marc by Marc 
Jacobs watches. 

The Asia market is our largest market for concessions and we continue to aggressively add to this base which is 
increasing the real estate we occupy in our customer stores and growing our market share. This is also benefiting our 
margin performance as we gain the full value of the retail sale. 

As Kosta mentioned earlier, our worldwide direct-to-consumer segment delivered a solid performance in the third 
quarter. This was the result of a 21.8% increase in the average number of company owned stores open during the third 
quarter, plus constant dollar comp store sales gains of 6.4% globally and a 7% increase in e-commerce sales. Our 
growth engine in this segment, which is the Fossil accessory store concept delivered global comp increases of 2% in 
144 comp stores. Our European accessory stores continued their very strong trend, delivering a 9.5% comp increase 
and this remains our main target market for new store growth in the near-term. 

We experienced a 3% comp decline in U.S. accessory stores during Q3, which represented a sequential improvement 
from Q2. In addition, given the environment and the fact that we have a full price strategy, our results compare 


favorably to the performance of other specialty retailers. And we have seen this trend improve going into the fourth 
quarter. 

In the U.S. our men's and women's leather product categories continued to drive the comp performance. And while 
we've experienced an improvement from the first half of the year, tourist locations are still underperforming relative to 
the total comp base. In the European stores, all categories contributed to the strong sales trend. 

Our outlet stores also continued to post great results, delivering an 8.4% comparable store sales increase in the third 
quarter. As you know our outlet stores are a profitable liquidation vehicle for our discontinued inventory and are 
instrumental to our overall inventory strategy. As we've improved our global inventory position, we've also been able to 
reduce the pressure on pricing in the outlets resulting in four-wall operating margins coming in at 24.5% for the third 
quarter. 

Our e-commerce business continues to show strong growth potential as well. We just completed an upgrade to the site 
in the last few weeks and we're encouraged by the results we're experiencing including a significant increase in visitors 
and higher conversion rates. If you have been to the site lately, you will notice that we now have products on models, a 
vintage campaign and we've added a lot of really cool interactive parts and videos. We've also initiated implementation 
of our social network plan, so you can now find Fossil on Facebook. 

As for the catalog portion of our direct-to-consumer business, we are expanding distribution for holiday and increasing 
our investment in search terms. We believe our holiday catalog that hit just last week is the best we've seen today and 
recent selling results in our stores and on the web are supporting this. We encourage you to take a look at the catalog if 
you haven't yet seen it. 

Globally, we ended Q3 of this year with 342 stores. This includes 208 full-price accessory stores with 117 or 56% of 
them located outside the United States and 88 outlet locations, including 14 outside the United States. Additionally, we 
ended the quarter with 33 apparel stores and 13 multi-brand stores. This compares to 288 stores in the third quarter of 
last year, including 156 full-price accessory stores, 78 of which were located outside the United States and 81 outlet 
locations including eight outside the U.S. plus 33 apparel stores and 18 multi-brand stores. 

During Q3, we opened 18 new stores and we closed five existing locations that would be three outlets and two 
multi-brand watch stores. Through Q3, we have opened 29 new stores, 19 full-price accessory and 10 out of those 
outlets, including seven outside the United States and three new watch station outlet concepts in the United States. We 
closed 11 stores during the first three quarters of 2009. We anticipate opening another 13 stores in Q4 bringing total 
new store openings to 42 for 2009. We plan to close one additional store in the fourth quarter. 

Now I'll turn the call over to Mike Kovar. 

Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Mike. I'll start off today by summarizing our third quarter results from this morning's press release. Net sales 
decreased 6.9% to 381.4 million compared to 409.8 million. Gross profit fell 6% to 210.7 million compared to 224.2 
million, however, gross profit margin increased to 55.3% compared to 54.7%. 

Operating income decreased 10% to 57.4 million or 15% of net sales compared to 63.7 million or 15.6% of net sales. 
Net income declined 3.3% to 35.3 million, compared to 36.5 million and diluted earnings per share decreased 3.7% to 
$0.52 on 67.4 million shares outstanding compared to $0.54 on 68 million shares. 

Combining the double-digit growth in our direct-to-consumer segment, we produced wholesale shipments during the 
quarter. We experienced a significant shift of 550 basis points in the mix of sales from our wholesale segments to our 
direct-to-consumer segment. As a result, the sales mix breakdown for the third quarter was as follows: 18% from 
domestic wholesale watch sales, 13% from domestic wholesale businesses including leather goods, sunglasses, 
footwear, 24% from worldwide direct-to-consumer businesses, 29% from European wholesale sales and 16% from 
wholesale sales in other international locations. The 6.9% decline in reported net sales for the quarter consisted of the 


following increases and decreases by category and geographic region. 

Domestic watch sales increased 2.7% to 68.6 million compared to 66.8 million in the prior year quarter. Other domestic 
sales decreased 17.1% to 49.4 million, compared to 59.6 million in the prior year quarter. Sales generated from 
European based wholesale operations decreased 17.9% to 111.3 million compared to 135.5 million in the prior year 
quarter and excluding currency that negatively impacted reported net sales by 4.9 million in this segment, European 
wholesale sales declined by 14.3%. Other international sales which consist of export sales to distributors, shipments to 
our Spain joint venture and sales from our Canada, Mexico and Asia Pacific wholesale operations decreased 16.1% to 

60.4 million compared to 72 million in the prior year quarter. Excluding currency that negatively impacted sales by 
approximately 900,000 in comparison to Q3 last year, other international wholesale sales declined by 14.8% and 
included a 14.6 million or 46% reduction in shipments to third-party distributors and our Spain joint venture. 
Finally, sales from our worldwide direct-to-consumer businesses grew 20.8% to 91.7 million compared to 75.9 million 
in the prior year quarter. Gross profit decreased 6% to 210.7 million in comparison to 224.2 million in the prior year 
quarter, primarily as a result of a decline in net sales, partially offset by gross profit margin expansion. Gross profit 
margin increased 60 basis points to 55.3% in the third quarter compared to 54.7% last year and this increase is 
primarily the result of the following: An increase in the sales mix of higher margin direct-to-consumer segment sales, 
decreased levels of inventory obsolescence reserves, as a result of reduced inventory levels and a healthier composition 
of inventory in comparison to the prior year. A decline in net sales mix of lower margin shipments to third-party 
distributors and finally, a decline in the sales mix of domestic accessory categories that generate lower gross profit 
margins than domestic watch sales. These increases in gross profit margin were partially offset by a stronger U.S. 
dollar, which impacted gross profit margin unfavorably by approximately 7 basis points – I'm sorry, 70 basis points. 

On a sequential basis, we expect our gross profit margins to improve by more than 100 basis points during Q4 as a 
result of the further weakening of the U.S. dollar since the end of the third quarter and a continued increase in the mix 
of direct-to-consumer segment sales. 

Third quarter operating expenses decreased by 7.1 million to 153.4 million compared to 160.4 million in the prior year 
quarter. Q3 expenses were impacted by a $1.7 million favorable reduction related to the translation of foreign based 
expenses as a result of the stronger U.S. dollar in comparison to the prior year quarter. As a percentage of net sales, Q3 
expenses increased to 40.2% compared to 39.2% in the prior-year quarter, primarily the result of lower wholesale sales 
volumes. On a constant dollar basis, the decrease in operating expenses was primarily driven by approximately 14.2 
million of reductions related to our wholesale business and corporate cost areas. 

Wholesale expense levels during the third quarter benefited from an approximate $3 million shift in marketing 
expenses that we have delayed into the fourth quarter of this year. The wholesale expense savings were partially offset 
by an $8.8 million increase in our direct-to-consumer segment as a result of an additional net 54 new stores opened 
since the third quarter of 2008. We expect fourth quarter operating expenses will be at or slightly below last year's 
levels on a constant dollar basis. 

Operating income decreased to 15% of net sales in Q3 compared to 15.6% of net sales during last year's third quarter as 
a result of the decline in net sales and higher operating expenses as a percentage of net sales. This decline was partially 
offset by increased gross profit margin. In comparison to the prior year quarter, third quarter operating income was 
negatively impacted by approximately $4.8 million as a result of the translation of foreign based sales and expenses in 
the U.S. dollars. 

Other income and expense decreased favorably by approximately $800,000 during the third quarter. This favorable 
variance is principally due to lower mark-to-market foreign currency transaction losses in comparison to the prior year 
quarter. These losses are primarily related to forward contract hedges, settled during the quarter and rates below the 
prevailing currency rates. We expect losses to continue into the fourth quarter as the U.S. dollar has continued to 
deteriorate since the end of Q3. Additionally, other income and expense was unfavorably impacted by a decrease in 
interest income, as a result of reduced yields earned on invested cash balances and compared to the prior year quarter. 


Income tax expense for the third quarter was 18.8 million resulting in an effective tax rate of 34.8% compared to an 
effective tax rate of 38.8% in the prior year quarter. Q3's effective tax rate was favorably impacted by an approximate 
$900,000 reduction in our federal income tax liability resulting from reconciling our prior year tax provision to the 
2008 return that we filed this September. We estimate our effective tax rate for the fourth quarter will approximate 
37%, excluding any discrete events. 

Third quarter net income decreased by 3.3% to 35.3 million or $0.52 per diluted share compared to $0.54 in the prior 
year quarter. In comparison to the prior year quarter, Q3 diluted earnings per share included an unfavorable $0.03 per 
diluted share impact related to the stronger U.S. dollar. This $0.03 impact from currency is comprised of a negative 
$0.04 related to the translation impact of foreign based sales and expenses in the U.S. dollars included in operating 
income, partially offset by $0.01 of reduced transaction losses included in other income and expense. 

Now turning to our balance sheet, we ended the third quarter with cash, cash equivalents and securities available for 
sale totaling 306.7 million compared to 125.2 million at the end of the prior year quarter. We have 8.3 million in total 
debt. During the first nine months of 2009, we generated 126 million in cash flow. Inventory at quarter end was 279.6 
million, representing a decrease of 15.7% from the prior year third quarter balance of 331.6 million. We expect year 
end inventory balances to decrease by approximately 12 to 15% in comparison to fiscal 2008 ending balances. 

Accounts receivable decreased by 19.5% to 184.5 million as compared to 229.3 million at the end of the prior year 
quarter. This decrease is principally due to a reduction in wholesale shipments during the third quarter versus last year's 
Q3. Our day sales outstanding for our wholesale segment was 56 days, which decreased from 62 days in the prior year 
quarter, and this decrease is principally due to a reduction in the sales mix of international based wholesale sales, 
including a reduction in sales to third-party distributors that generally result in a longer collection cycle than those that 
we experienced in the U.S. 

In the first nine months of fiscal 2009, we've had capital expenditures totaling 28 million and are expecting fiscal year 
2009 capital expenditures of just over 40 million. The majority of our fiscal 2009 capital expenditures are related to 
new store openings and to the addition of a global SAP point-of-sale system for the stores. 

Depreciation and amortization expense for the first nine months of fiscal 2009 totaled 30 million and we estimate full 
year 2009 depreciation and amortization of just over 40 million as it relates to guidance for the fourth quarter of fiscal 
2009. As we discussed in the past, as we continue to grow our retail store base and e-commerce businesses, sales from 
our direct-to-consumer segment increased as a percentage of the total sales mix, generally benefiting profitability in the 
fourth quarter at the expense of the first and second quarter when due to seasonality, it is more difficult to leverage 
direct-to-consumer expenses against direct-to-consumer sales. 

For the fourth quarter of 2009, we expect reported net sales to increase at a range of 7 to 9% with constant dollar sales 
increasing in a range of 2 to 4%. Fourth quarter 2009 diluted earnings per share are expected to be in a range of $0.82 
to $0.86, that's compared to our previous guidance for the fourth quarter diluted earnings per share in the range of $0.74 
to $0.80, which we provided during our second quarter call in August. 

Fourth quarter 2008 earnings per share was $0.69. At the prevailing foreign currency rates, we expect our fourth 
quarter 2009 diluted earnings per share range will be favorably impacted by approximately $0.17 per share as a result 
of the weaker U.S. dollar in comparison to the prior year fourth quarter. 

Also it should be noted that our 2008 fourth quarter diluted earnings per share included a benefit of approximately 
$0.20 related to a lower effective tax rate and an unfavorable charge of approximately $0.11 related to trade name and 
store impairment. Accordingly our fourth quarter 2009 EPS range, excluding currency benefits reflects an increase of 8 
to 15% against our adjusted 2008 fourth quarter earnings per share. 

Our forward guidance is based upon the current prevailing rate of the U.S. dollar compared to other foreign currencies 
for countries in which we operate. 

And now I'd like to turn the call over to the operator to begin the Q&A portion. 


Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Neely Tamminga with Piper Jaffray. 
Go ahead please. 

<Q - Neely Tamminga>: Great, good morning and congrats. It's a fabulous outcome on this quarter. Hey, Mike and 
Mike, if you could talk a little bit about your outlook for Outlet, in terms of the inventory levels being down and it is a 
liquidation challenge, do you feel pretty good about the inventory levels that you have to sustain the trends out at 
Outlet? So if you could speak a little bit about that. And then looking at some of your mass channel versus your 
perceived channels, are you seeing any sort of relevant changes occurring at either or preferences for one channel 
within one versus the other or improvement out of one of those channels that'd be helpful. And then for Kosta, if you're 
on – It'd be great to hear from your perspective this trend that you guys have really just nailed for holiday, how that 
may translate into spring business or is this kind of a hit it hot for holiday and it's over, just kind of wondering from 
your bigger picture perspective on the industry how this trends will translate? Thanks. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Neely I'll take the first question as it relates to 
the outlet margins. I'll pass the second question on to Mike and then Kosta can add – answer the last question. As we 
look at our outlet opportunity in the fourth quarter, you have to remember last year, we were pushing a lot of product 
through our outlets in the fourth quarter and also pushing a lot of product through alternative channels at very low 
margins. We're in a much better inventory position going into the fourth quarter than we were at this time last year and 
as we talked about was reflected in an improvement in our outlet margins in Q3, which we expect to continue to 
improve on a sequential basis into Q4. We're in the enviable position of adding a little bit of made for product in the 
stores to round out certain assortments, because we are in such great shape on the wholesale side of the inventory. But 
again this is a minimal percentage of the goods that'll be available in the store and that channel continues to serve as 
our channel for discontinuing our inventories that come out of our wholesale businesses. But all in all we'll see a 
significant increase in our outlet margin performance in comparison to Q4 last year and that has obviously been built 
into the guidance. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: As far as the outlet stores goes there also we have a number of 
things working there, that business continues to be good as the value shoppers out there. One of the things we're doing 
is, as you noticed we have so far this year opened seven outlet stores outside the United States. We have outlet 
operations that we're building around the world including Japan, Australia, in Hong Kong in Asia, and in Europe. So, 
our strategy really is to build a global outlet store operation that will enable us not to have to build too many in the 
United States, because as you know the more you build in the United States, it could have an impact on the brand. 

In the United States, there is a couple of things we're doing, one is that we're going to be opening some larger format 
outlet stores in premium centers. These could be five, six or larger in thousands of square feet that will have our entire 
assortment including a shoe department and an apparel area. So, they are more branded tourist driven locations, but 
we're going to be adding additional square footage there in the United States. Additionally, we have this year opened 
already five watch station outlets in premium centers and they are doing extremely well, and this was an effort really to 
separate some of the other branded product that's in our Fossil outlets and put it in watch stations instead of our Fossil 
outlets. It's a more – it's a better way of branding these environments and these stores are doing very well, so we're 
going to be opening more of them. That will enable us to long-term liquidate as we grow our international business, 
we'll be able to liquidate obsolete product other than Fossil brand through these watch station outlets. So, we're very 
interested in the long-term prospect of the outlets. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: And then question about the new styling. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: As far as, you asked the question about the mass market versus 
the other channels. We are – we're seeing good response in the mass market, but we're – we don't really see customers 
trading down as much as you might think. A part of what we said in the prepared remarks is that customers are 


responding to things they don't already have, new ideas, new materials, new techniques, innovation and sometimes 
those prices are higher rather than lower, but there are a number of things going on. There is innovation in the mass 
channel and new materials there as well. So, we're driving sales there too, but one of the things that happened after the 
economy got tough last year is we decided at that point to spend more time on new materials, innovation. And, our 
product lines are better than they've ever been in terms of new ideas going into the marketplace right now. 

Some of those things we tested in the last several months that did very well, we got big quantities rolling during the 
fourth quarter. Some of these are kind of structural changes in the watch business and we've seen response to new 
materials other than traditional materials, such as traditional stainless steel, traditional leather watches. I think the 
customers are trying to buy something out there that they don't already own and we think that bodes well not just for 
fourth quarter but for next year and onward as well. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, I think Neely, this is Mike two, 
that what I would add to that is we just finished Market Week at beginning of this month and to further answer your 
question the great stuff that we tested that we've got rolling for holiday, is not just for holiday and over. It really fits in 
well with where we're going with the spring lines. And that's probably the most exciting part of it, because we're 
continuing to build up on good things and our customers were very satisfied with the product offerings that they saw 
during market week. So, we think that we've got a great head start moving into spring from holiday. 

<Q - Neely Tamminga>: Great, thanks you guys. And good luck, okay. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Thanks, Neely. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from the line of Barbara Wyckoff with Jesup & Lamont. Go ahead. 

<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: Hi, everyone, good quarter. Can you talk a little bit about the multi-branded stores outside of 
the watch station outlets, that you talked about. I know you've closed a few. What's going on with those and then, could 

– I didn't hear you talk about any trends in travel retail. Is this an opportunity for growing the international business? 
And then could you also talk about what's going on in China? 
<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: This is Mike. How are you doing Barbara? 

<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: Hi, Mike. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: I'll start off with the multi-brand stores. We only 
have a handful of multi-brand stores. I think that the count was 18 that we talked about and we did close a few of those 
in the United States. We still think that there is a great opportunity. You know Kosta mentioned the watch station outlet 
stores that we opened which are multi-brand. 

<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: Right. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: They have done extremely well opening up. We 
are also opening some watch station stores. There is one opening in Singapore pretty soon and we're pretty excited 
about that. It's a great location I think that's going to tell us a lot about how that business is going to move forward. And 
some of the multi-brand stores that we have throughout Asia, there is a handful and then there is another handful in 
Europe have different brandings on them. They are called different names because they were started at different times 
and we didn't really have a global strategy. Now that we have the watch station strategy, we're looking at how we can 
convert these multi-brand stores into a consistent format and really work to drive that business. We think it's still a 
opportunity for the future for a potential big rollout right now. We're focusing on the biggest ideas first, but that is 
something that we'll get back to. 

On the China situation, what's going on is, we're actually putting a lot of focus not only on China but on a lot of the 
markets there what we call the emerging markets and a lot of those are in Asia. When you look at China, India, Korea, 


those are all markets that we've entered within the last couple of years and we feel like there is a big opportunity there. 
I was actually in Hong Kong with Mark Quick a month ago and we were exploring opportunities in China on the 
sourcing side as well as having discussions about how we could move further and faster in rolling out our distribution 
businesses in those markets. I'm leaving again on Saturday to go back to have similar discussions. So, that is an area 
we're focused on and I would say from a strategic planning standpoint, growing these emerging geographic markets is a 
big part of our strategy moving forward amongst other things. 

<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: And then travel retail? 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Travel retail has been difficult during a lot of the 
tough economic times. I would say that we're starting to see some improvement there. One of our largest customers was 
actually in Dallas working with us for two days and then they came to New York market and worked with us for 
another two days and they carry some of our best brands like Burberry and EMPORIO ARMANI. They've launched 
Diesel in there recently. So, I would say that there is an improving trend in the travel retail business right now. It was 
tough during the toughest times, but as things improve, the travel retail is coming back as well. 

<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: Okay. Thank you so much. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Welcome. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from the line of Randy Konik with Jefferies. Go ahead please. 

<Q - Randy Konik>: Yes, thanks. I guess a question for Mike and Mike. Can you just give us – talk a little bit about 
de-stocking cycle and so forth. Can you just give us a little bit more color on how you're seeing the de-stocking cycle 
across the different channels i.e., mass versus department stores by geography U.S. versus international and then by 
product category, just give us some more flavor of the high fashion versus slow fashion watch products than non-watch 
products. Just trying to get a sense of where you guys think it is right now and how do we progress into spring 2010? 

<A - Mark Quick>: Hi Randy, it's Mark Quick. I would say to you largely we have experienced all the de-stocking 
we're expecting. I think retailers have managed to get their inventory in the line with their sales expectation, and are 
beginning to be cautiously optimistic about fourth quarter results. As you know and probably have heard within the last 
60 days probably for the last or six weeks have been really fairly strong performance at retail or improved performance 
at retail. So, as a result we think they are getting more cautiously optimistic about the need to carry inventory and in 
fact we've seen that as a result as we've begun our fourth quarter. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: One thing, I would add to that Randy is that, 
with the de-stocking that took place, one of the steps that we took as a company and I briefly mentioned this in the 
prepared remarks, is we got behind some of our very best selling key styles, and we've got them on hand and ready to 
be able to deliver those for holidays. So, while that the – while our customers have pretty much finished de-stocking as 
Mark Quick said, their inventories are pretty low after the result of their de-stocking and we're prepared to step in and 
really deliver some of the best selling styles. Kosta mentioned the fact that what's really happening right now on the 
marketplace is, the consumer is willing to buy if you give them a great reason to buy, and it's not all price driven. We 
have an opening price point in Fossil that starts at $55, but our best selling style is $85 and by the way it happens to be 
the best selling style we've ever had, I mean it's incredible to see the consumers moving towards new fashion, new 
materials, new looks, new technologies and it's very exciting and we're starting to see a lot of our brands really moving 
quickly and growing very, very fast with big door rollouts. We talked about Michael Kors and how strong that business 
is, Adidas has had just a massive rollout of doors over the past couple of months and still going forward into this 
month. And so there is just – there is a big opportunity as this economy continues to recover for the company and our 
brands. 

<A - Mark Quick>: When you look at our third quarter wholesale shipments this year, keep in mind that last year they 
were buying larger quantities because they had higher plans in the fourth quarter which of course they did make. But 


the stores going into this year are more conservative and in watches as I said earlier, it's 45% of the sales in the next ten 
weeks, things can happen very quickly, we – they're going into it with a conservative inventory plan. We actually 
having our inventories some of our best selling styles we can ship quick and we have been hearing from some of our 
wholesale customers that they're willing to take goods if they need them, if they get good strong sell-throughs as late as 
December 20. So they're all prepared if there is a big season to take more goods in later. 

<Q - Randy Konik>: Appreciate it. So, is it fair to say I mean do you think that the at this point when you look at the 
different inventory levels or you kind of just think about them across the world and across channel distribution, would 
it be fair to say or do you think that the U.S. department store channel distribution is kind of very, very one of the 
lowest in terms of stocking across the different areas you sell to? 

<A - Mark Quick>: When you look at relative to last year their inventories are lower, significantly lower. So they're 
expecting obviously not great things but they're also looking at potentially there could be some upside and they're 
willing to respond to it. 

<Q - Randy Konik>: Got it, no, it's very helpful. Thank you. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from the line of Ronald Bookbinder with Global Hunter. Go ahead, sir. 

<Q - Ronald Bookbinder>: Good morning and congratulations. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Thanks, Ron. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks, Ron. 

<Q - Ronald Bookbinder>: When you look at the global retail real estate market, do you see any reason that you 
would have a slowdown in growth of company owned stores? 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: We have not really finalized the number of 
company owned stores that we would be opening next year. This year we will open in the neighborhood of 42, 43 
stores something like that which is pretty much right in the middle of the guidance that we gave of 40 to 50 stores. 
When we look at the performance of these stores, especially the international stores and especially in Europe, the 
numbers are just really fantastic. I mean when you look at the comp store performance that they are delivering it is 
definitely a business that we are very satisfied with. It's a big growth strategy for us in the future over the coming years. 

We will be continuing to rollout new doors, how many I couldn't say right now, but we're happy with the real estate. 
Especially you mentioned the global real estate, some of the locations that we're able to get especially internationally in 
Europe and secondarily in Asia are just fantastic real estate locations. There is – it's a less competitive landscape out 
there and retail was done on a different basis in Europe as well. It's a lot more consolidated you have these global 
population areas that have 2, 3, 4 million people in them and there is generally a major city of a million people in the 
center of that with two or three high street shopping areas that are just packed the traffic. And if we get traffic, we can 
make the conversions. So, right now we think that it's a big win situation for us on the global retail front and that is 
something that we will continue to look at our strategies ongoing and we will be opening new doors, we just haven't 
confirmed a number yet. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, Ron as we normally do, this is 
Mike. We usually set the expectation on the Q4 call in February for door growth, but what we are seeing as Mike 
mentioned is a great performance in these international based accessory stores that we're opening. And they are coming 
out of the box very strong, they're bidding our pro forma targets, we've got a early mover advantage in those markets 
because we don't see a lot of competition from others in that space. And I would add that if you look at Kosta talked 
about how well newness is being received. If you add that to the level of customer service we have in these stores that's 
one of the reasons we're seeing such a great comp performance, I mean customers are coming in finding the product 
they like and are having a wonderful shopping experience based upon the presentation and the people we have in these 


stores. 

<Q - Ronald Bookbinder>: Okay. And while the, this past summer and I guess fall the white ceramic type watch was 
a very big seller for you guys. What sort of material or style are you talking about that you're so excited about for the 
holiday season? What should we be looking for, and what sort of price point would it be at? 

<A - Mark Quick>: Well, there is a number of materials if you look at Fossil and you see, as you mentioned those 
white plastic watches. There is a number of other things including silicone and other materials and treatments and some 
acrylics and some other plastics that are doing well. You see that also in the other brands like Michael Kors is a good 
example. It's basically it's anything that's a somewhat of a traditional material like stainless steel, core type watches 
have been downtrending and we're very interested to see how those things sell during the fourth quarter because when 
the gift buyer comes out they might buy something more traditional. But what's driving a lot of the sales and lot of 
these brands that are growing very quickly is other materials. 

And as I mentioned earlier it's – people are looking for things that make a difference and sometimes just buying another 
stainless steel watch doesn't, so they are buying a different material. The other thing I should mention is especially for 
Fossil that's playing in our favor is there is a huge global trend towards vintage and obviously that plays to our strength 
because Fossil is vintage, and we're seeing this in our trend forecasting in leather goods and in watches et cetera. So, 
that really plays to our strength and we think that's a very good thing for us for the next several quarters. 

<Q - Ronald Bookbinder>: And just lastly, how much was the impact of the reversal of the obsolescent reserves and 
would you expect that to happen going forward? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I wouldn't say the impact was 
significant. As you know we put up those reserves at the time when we feel like we have a lower of cost to market issue 
on the inventory we own. So, as that product is moved out through our outlet stores or through other channels we 
would then release any reserves attached to it. It wasn't something that significant during the quarter. What we did want 
to point out was on a go forward basis obviously with the inventory being much cleaner and much more current, that 
we don't have the same level of exposure as to margin risk as we saw in the fourth quarter of last year. 

<Q - Ronald Bookbinder>: Okay, thank you and good luck in the fourth quarter. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Thanks, Ron. 

Operator 

Thank you ladies and gentlemen. [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from the line of Robin 
Murchison with SunTrust. Go ahead please. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: Thank you very much. Good morning guys. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Hi, Robin. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: Could you – on Michele, can you sort of talk about the price point strategy? Your third 
quarter sales were really great. Just looking at the handbags, the non-watch category if you will, it looks like your 
AURs are down so did you get some of the pickup from accessory business and if so I would assume it's from higher 
level of UPTs? 

<A - Mark Quick>: This is Mark, Robin. Let me take your question first about the non-watch piece of it. That's still a 
relatively small piece of the total Michele business. But as you've observed we have reacted very strongly to average 
retails in both sunglasses and handbags. We went out and launched this product pre-economic difficulty and discovered 
very quickly that we had reached too high on price point. So, as quickly as we could, we re-engineered both the 
eyewear and the handbag product to get to a more what we saw as acceptable retail, to do volume. That product has 
really just begun to hit the stores now and we're seeing very strong performance in handbags particularly in that four to 
$600 range, where before we had stretched up closer to the $1,000 range. 


Our price point performance change in eyewear has even been more dramatic. If you'll recall, we had product that went 
as high as $1,250 in eyewear. Now we see the sweet spot of that business and we're getting strong reaction at retail 
more in the under $200 price point. We think that's where the customer is looking for this product. And as you know, 
the watch product has always had a history, even though it's a luxury product, of being value. Those price points we 
feel like we had hit it correctly to begin with. We haven't seen much change there at all. Average unit retail on a 
diamond watch is somewhere in the 1,400 to $1,500 range. And as odd as it sounds, we do consider that to be a value 
product in its channel of distribution. And that's one of the reasons we think Michele has the number one market share, 
where we do business with Michele and we're continuing to get strong retail and wholesale performance. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: Okay, great. Thank you. Also, could you guys address the license business? Similar to last 
quarter it's like Burberry, Mark Jacobs and Michael Kors continued sort of on the uptrend and ARMANI, DKNY and 
Diesel, not quite as strong. Do you think that this is just sort of the age of the brand, the fact that those brands have 
been around longer and are operating off of a higher sales base? 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Well, I think there is a couple of things going on 
there, Robin. Number one, clearly where we have less penetrated brands, there is an opportunity to continue to grow 
your business even in a down economic cycle, because you can still open new doors and get the growth that way as 
opposed to having to just sell more units in the same number of doors. EMPORIO ARMANI, DKNY, Diesel, those 
have all been, actually they were our first three licenses. So, I wouldn't call it the age of the brands. I would just say the 
penetration of the brands, because they have been around for quite some time. 

The other thing that I think that would speak to that is, as we've talked about a couple of times, people are voting for 
fashion and different materials and things and a lot of the core products have been weaker than the fashion products and 
you know we do have a lot of core in brands such as ARMANI. So, as Kosta mentioned, during holiday we may see a 
little bit of reversal in people coming back to the core for gift giving, we don t know. But we're prepared either way. 
We've got great offerings in the fashion area for all of our brands. We have added a lot of fashion merchandise and we 
still have some great core styling as well. But some of the newer brands certainly have taken off and done very, very 
well. A lot of that is new door openings and lot of it is just great product offerings. It really always comes back to the 
product. 

<A - Mark Quick>: Robin, I would also add with a couple of the brands we're not seeing as good a performance as we 
historically have. We do believe there are action points we can take that will improve that performance. I would cite 
Diesel as an example, where we've really gone after a greater depth of key item strategy, focusing in on the most 
productive styles. We're already starting to see a positive response there in results and DKNY we've gone back and 
we've energized the fashion offering. We've really worked hard to get an improvement there and our early results in 
fourth quarter where we've shipped that product are very promising. So, just because a brand is mature, doesn't mean 
that we believe we can't get continued growth with it. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: Okay. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: One other thing to keep in mind is, the 
ARMANI is heavily penetrated in our distributor markets, as well as travel, retail and those are very hard hit areas for 
us. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: I'm wondering also if there is – if you guys are seeing any kind of pick-up in, obviously you 
don't sell gold watches, but gold-tone watches? Any pickup in demand? 

<A - Mark Quick>: I would say the one place where we're seeing probably really outside proportion of gold would be 
in the Michael Kors watches. I don't know that we would have seen it as a particular trend, one place or the other. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: I think their ad campaign is really featuring it right now. 

<A - Mark Quick>: Right. 


<Q - Robin Murchison>: Okay. And then also if you – just wondered if you could talk about the U.K. versus – if 
you're seeing any differentiation in terms of the U.K. versus the continent's business. What I had heard was that due to 
the valuation of – the greater value of the British pound versus the euro that you had a lot of – lot of folks from the 
continent flying over in – doing a lot of their shopping in the U.K., where the euro goes a lot farther due to the 
weakened pound, any comment there? 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: We're not really seeing any big difference in the 
U.K.'s performance versus the rest of Europe right now. It all seems to be pretty consistent, and even when we look at 
our own stores which is the best measure that we have it's consistent in the U.K. as it is with continental Europe. So, 
we're not seeing a big difference there. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: Okay. And lastly I just want to make a comment, I want to commend you guys on your 
international store execution. I recently had the opportunity to visit some of the stores and your locations, the store 
presentation, the service, every bit as good as and every bit as well executed, as certainly what we find here 
domestically. There is great consistency in your stores and it's evident that you guys are doing a good job. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks Robin, we appreciate that. 

Operator 

Thank you ma'am. Ladies and gentlemen, there are no further questions at this time. I'm going to turn it back to 
management for any closing remarks. Go ahead please. 

Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you. Should you like to replay this conference call, it has been recorded and will be available from 10 AM 
Central Time today until 12 midnight Central Time tomorrow, by calling 303-590-3030 or 1-800-406-7325 and you 
can enter reservation number 4163978 followed by the # sign. Again those numbers are 303-590-3030 or 
1-800-406-7325, reservation number 4163978. The conference call has also been recorded by StreetEvents and may be 
accessed through StreetEvents website at www.streetevents.com or directly through our website at Fossil.com, which 
we would encourage you to go, have a look at other things on that site as well and you can click on Investor Relations 
on our homepage and then on webcast. 

Finally, should you have any questions that did not get addressed today, feel free to call myself or Mike Barnes. Thanks 
again for joining us today. Our next scheduled conference call will be in February for the release of our 2009 fourth 
quarter and fiscal year operating results. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Fossil Inc.'s third quarter earnings conference call. You may now 
disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 


© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


