Q1 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Allison C. Malkin, Senior Managing Director, ICR Inc. 
• Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer 
• Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer 
• Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer 
• Mark Quick 
Other Participants 

• Neely Tamminga 
• Matthew McClintock 
• Barbara Wyckoff 
• Robin Murchison 
• Anna Andreeva 
• Randall Konik 
• Eric Beder 
• Cliff Greenberg 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Fossil, Inc. First Quarter Earnings 
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded 
today, Tuesday, May 11, 2010, at 8 AM Central time. 

I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Allison Malkin of ICR. Please go ahead. 

Allison C. Malkin, Senior Managing Director, ICR Inc. 

Thank you. Good morning. Before we begin, you should be aware that during this conference call, certain discussions 
will contain forward-looking information. Actual results could differ materially from those that will be projected during 
these discussions. Fossil's policy on forward-looking statements and additional information concerning a number of 
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements is readily available in our Form 10-K 
and 10-Q reports filed with the SEC. In addition, Fossil undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any 
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 

If any non-GAAP financial measure is used on this call, a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial 
measure and a reconciliation of a non-GAAP financial measure to GAAP will be provided as supplemental financial 
information to this release under the Earnings Release section under the Investor Relations heading on Fossil's website. 

Please note that this call is being webcast live on Fossil's website. It will be available for replay on the website under 
the Investor Relations heading after the conclusion of the call. 

And now I'd like to turn the call over to Fossil's CEO, Kosta Kartsotis. 


Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Allison. Good morning everyone, and thanks for joining us. With us today are Mike Barnes, our President and 
COO; Mike Kovar, our CFO; Mark Quick, our Vice Chairman; and Jennifer Pritchard, our President of Retail. 

As reported in our press release this morning, 2010 is off to a strong start with record sales, increasing gross profit and 
operating margins, and record earnings. During the quarter, we saw marked improvement in our two main businesses, 
the total FOSSIL brand and our overall watch business. The improving market conditions, an increasing consumer 
interest in the watch category, and strong comp sales in our Fossil retail stores all contributed to the strong 
performance. 

Specifically, for the first quarter, net sales increased 21.7%, 17.5% in constant currency, to $393 million. We generally 
saw a strengthening of our business on a global basis across each of our product categories. Although this was 
particularly evident in markets where economic conditions were stable and improving like the U.S. and Asia, we also 
experienced noticeable improvements in Europe from the prior quarter. 

During Q4 last year, we began to see a favorable cycle for watches develop in the United States. Our product 
innovations and the clear brand messages across our watch assortments helped capitalize on the trend, leading to 
market share gains last year and continuing into the first quarter. Improving market conditions and sell-through at retail 
has also encouraged our wholesale customers to begin increasing their retail stocking levels, reversing the trend we 
experienced last year. 

The FOSSIL brand also continues to reap rewards, with strong sales growth and increased margins across our total 
stores platform. Combined with our e-commerce and catalog initiatives, our retail store growth is continuing to boost 
awareness of the FOSSIL brand and capture consumer mindshare, resulting in increased sales through both our retail 
and wholesale channels. We therefore continue to focus on our key initiatives of increasing our direct-to-consumer 
footprint, growing our international presence, and utilizing our global design and distribution infrastructure to deliver 
great innovative product to consumers globally. 

Highlights of the quarter included the growth of the FOSSIL brand. Global sales of FOSSIL-branded products 
increased 15% during the quarter in constant currency, driven mainly by increases in our watch and jewelry categories. 
We also grew the global watch sales by 22% in constant currency, with impressive gains across the majority of our 
owned and licensed watch brands. We expanded our global footprint, as evidenced by the 30% increase in 
direct-to-consumer sales, double-digit sales gains in Asia, and strong growth in our FOSSIL leathers business in Europe 
and Asia. Innovative product, a consistent brand message, and a great customer experience drove our sales 
performance. 

Our retail stores delivered comp increases across all geographies, resulting in a 19.4% increase in comp store sales for 
the quarter, which is on top of a 5% comp gain in the first quarter last year. Clearly, these results reflect the strength of 
the brand and our ability to attract consumers, both in new and existing markets. 

We also improved our operating performance, generating a 3.4 percentage point increase in gross profit margin, to 
55.8% of net sales, and a 115% increase in operating income, resulting in an operating margin of 13%. And finally, we 
continue to maintain a strong balance sheet, with significant cash balances, little debt, and inventory that – inventories 
that are lean and current and at levels that are 12% less than last year. 

As we look ahead, we expect our positive performance to continue. Validating our optimism is the continued positive 
momentum in our comp store sales as we begin the second quarter and the very favorable response to our offerings at 
Market Week in New York last week. We clearly are operating from a position of strength. We believe we are uniquely 
suited to capitalize on market opportunities given our global distribution network, our growing direct-to-consumer 
businesses, and our compelling portfolio of brands. 

With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Mike Barnes. 


Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer 

Thanks, Kosta. Good morning, everyone. As you will notice from our press release this morning, we made some slight 
changes to our segment reporting versus previous quarters, as we believe this provides a much more consistent view of 
our businesses across each region and channel. I will continue to offer the same color on our brands, businesses, and 
geographies as I always do, but in this new format. Also, to keep things simple, I'll continue my typical practice of 
providing sales highlights in constant currency. 

As Kosta mentioned, our first quarter sales were led by increases in the watch category at wholesale, principally in 
North America and Asia, and at retail globally. Our North American business, which includes the U.S., Canada, and 
Mexico, experienced a 29.8% increase in wholesale shipments for the quarter, with watches up 50.1%, and our 
non-watch categories up 6.5%. 

While we experienced growth across each market, the U.S. really led the way. The primary driver of our U.S. growth 
was our watch business as a result of great innovation in our product designs across all brands. In addition, we were 
able to capitalize on the favorable watch cycle that began during the holiday season. As watches gained share in the 
broader accessories category, we also gained share in watches, creating a win-win scenario. 

Hence, we experienced solid growth across most of our watch businesses, with FOSSIL, MICHELE, and MICHAEL 
by MICHAEL KORS being the standouts. In fact, our FOSSIL watch business has experienced a significant uptrend 
over the past six months. Great designs, new materials, and the continued value proposition are driving increasing 
sell-throughs across all doors. 

MICHAEL KORS watches continue to be our fastest-growing watch business in the U.S. Q1 shipments were up almost 
200%, fueled by new door growth and great comp results in existing doors. While the average retail pricing for the 
assortment is in the mid-$200 range, consumers continue to focus on owning the innovative styles at all price points, 
including those priced at over $400 retail. The introduction of the brand into our international markets is in the early 
stages right now, and we expect strong growth in Europe and Asia as the brand continues to gain momentum. 

Our proprietary luxury brand, MICHELE, experienced double-digit increases in wholesale shipments for the quarter. 
MICHELE outperformed the overall category of luxury watches in the market throughout last year, and we saw this 
trend continue during the first quarter this year. MICHELE's great brand identity, styling, and luxury value offerings 
continue to be key elements in driving market share gain. 

On the accessory side, our North American business experienced a 6.5% increase in wholesale shipments during the 
first quarter, with increases across each market. While the accessory business in general and handbag business 
specifically saw less explosive growth as compared to watches, retail sell-through numbers, including handbags, across 
all channels were in line or slightly above the overall accessory category. 

Our wholesale shipments for handbags were slightly down, offset by increased shipments for women's small leathers 
and belts as well as the men's leather category. But based on the positive sell item information I just mentioned, we 
expect that handbags will participate in our growth initiatives for the balance of the year. 

Jewelry was another standout category in the quarter for the U.S. I reference the U.S. market rather than North America 
as the FOSSIL accessory jewelry line is created for and sold primarily in the U.S. market. Our FOSSIL accessory 
jewelry offering recorded a 111% increase in the first quarter domestic shipments. The results have been similar to 
what we're seeing in watches, with very nice increases in demand. Jewelry remains a relatively new category for us in 
the U.S. as we just launched it a few years ago, so we continue to be very excited about the opportunities in front of us 
as we continue to expand our market presence. 

We also experienced significant growth in our overall North American distributor, duty free, and travel retail 
businesses. As our partners in these businesses have now normalized their inventory positions from the economic 
disruption we had last year, our shipments more than doubled that of the prior-year quarter. 


Now on to the international wholesale business segment. In the first quarter, our international growth was led by our 
Asia-Pacific region, with shipments up 10.8% in constant currency and a strong performance in many of our markets in 
this region, with Japan and Korea being the standouts. 

As you may recall, Korea had been predominantly a third-party distributor market that we've been transitioning to a 
wholly-owned subsidiary market. As part of this changeover, we accommodated a $4 million product return during the 
first quarter from our Korean third-party distributor. If you exclude the impact of that return, our Asia-based net sales 
would have reported a 24% increase, which gives you a great idea of the dynamic growth we're experiencing in the 
region. Driving sales throughout the region was double-digit growth in FOSSIL watches as well as most of our licensed 
watch brands. 

In addition, we continued the successful expansion of our leather offerings outside the U.S. with growth of 77% in Asia 
during the quarter, including strong performances by both our FOSSIL men's and women's offerings. Obviously, this 
growth is off a small base, but we continue to see the Asia- Pacific region as a significant growth opportunity for the 
categories. 

In Europe, wholesale shipments declined 1.3%, which represented a considerable sequential strengthening in shipments 
from the fourth quarter decline of 5.7% and in line with our expectations, especially given that the continent continues 
to lag the U.S. in terms of economic recovery and it's experiencing other economic uncertainties in certain countries. 
But even in this environment, I can tell you we're continuing to see sequential improvement. Sales have turned 
modestly positive in the second quarter to date, which we're now almost halfway into. Our licensed watch brands 
performed better than our proprietary brands this past quarter, but overall we're very pleased with the uptrend starting 
to emerge. 

Total jewelry shipments declined by 6% in Europe. Increased sales of ARMANI jewelry was more than offset by 
declines in FOSSIL, which is our most penetrated jewelry brand, and DKNY, as we anniversary the rollout of DKNY 
that launched in the third quarter of 2008. Overall though, we continue to foresee jewelry category as one of our 
strongest growth opportunities on a global basis. 

In the leather category, our expansion in Europe continued favorably and we're excited about the long-term potential to 
expand this category throughout the continent. In total, Fossil wholesale leather shipments rose by 22% during the 
quarter, with strong sales gains across both women's and men's product lines. We believe the growth of our own store 
base in Europe is continuing to improve the FOSSIL brand awareness across all categories, leading to further 
opportunities for wholesale expansion. We continue to invest in design, product development, sales and marketing 
teams in this region to broaden our opportunity beyond the limited department store channel this product exists in 
today. 

Globally, our direct-to-consumer segment continued its very strong performance from fiscal 2009, growing by 29.6% 
during the quarter as a result of continued store growth, comp store sales increases of 19.4% globally, and e-commerce 
initiatives. E-commerce sales grew by 26% in the first quarter, strengthening from the 9.5% increase in the fourth 
quarter, and this was on top of a 26% increase in last year's first quarter. We continue to see a great reaction to our 
offerings on the web and in our catalogs. Currently, we operate e-commerce sites in the U.S., Germany, the U.K., 
Singapore, and Australia, and our expectations are to expand this footprint over time. 

However, right now our principal growth engine in this direct-to-consumer segment is the FOSSIL accessory store 
concept, which delivered U.S. and global comp increases of 23.7% and 14.6% respectively, in a full-priced 
environment. Our outlet stores, which we utilize primarily to clear discontinued product, reported comp store increases 
of 22% during the quarter. This is following a 9.2% increase last year. And, with a very clean inventory, we're 
generating record gross margins throughout our outlet channel. 

Easter shifted into March this year versus April last year, which benefited the first quarter. That said though, we're off 
to a very strong start in the second quarter with robust performance in April. In fact, comparable store sales for April 
were up double digits, with this trend continuing thus far into May. And if we look at the March-April combined 
comps, the increase was 15.9%. 


Globally, we ended the quarter with 355 stores and occupied 638,000 square feet, compared to 590,000 square feet at 
the end of the first quarter of 2009. This includes 220 full-priced accessory stores, 129 of which are located outside the 
United States, and 89 outlet locations, including 17 outside of the U.S. Additionally, we ended the quarter with 33 
apparel stores and 13 multi-brand stores. This compares to 325 stores at the end of the prior-year first quarter, including 
195 full-priced accessory stores, with 107 being outside the U.S., and 80 outlet stores including nine outside the U.S., 
plus the 33 apparel stores and 17 multi-brand stores. 

During the first quarter, we open six new doors and closed five existing locations. We remain on track to open 
approximately 50 new doors in 2010, the majority of which will be our full-priced accessory concept. In addition, our 
new store expansion will continue to focus outside the U.S. for now. As we mentioned on our fourth quarter call, our 
priority in 2010 is to focus on sales productivity growth by closing less productive locations, as well as opening new 
stores in great locations. To that extent, our 2010 plans include the closing of about 27 existing locations coinciding 
with natural lease expirations. 

At this time, I'll turn the call over to Mike Kovar. 

Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and 
Treasurer 

Thanks Mike. I'll start off by summarizing our first quarter 2010 versus 2009 results from this morning's press release. 

Net sales increased 21.7%, or 17.5% in constant dollars, to 393.2 million compared to 323 million. Gross profit margin 
rose 340 basis points to 55.8% of net sales, compared to 52.4% of net sales. Operating income increased 115.4% to 

51.3 million, or 13% of net sales, compared to 23.8 million, or 7.4% of net sales. Net income increased 107.3% to 35.9 
million, compared to 17.3 million, and diluted earnings per share rose 103.8% to $0.53 per diluted share on 68 million 
shares, compared to $0.26 per diluted share on 66.7 million shares. 
The sales mix breakdown for the quarter in order of magnitude with comparable prior-year levels was as follows: 39% 
from North American wholesale activities versus 36% last year; 29% from Europe wholesale activities, versus 33%; 
10% from Asia-Pacific wholesale activities, which is relatively unchanged from the prior-year quarter; and 22% from 
worldwide direct-to-consumer businesses, versus 21% last year. 

The 21.7% increase in reported net sales for the quarter consisted of the following increases and decreases by segment: 
Sales from our North American wholesale businesses, which Mike alluded to earlier, now including our U.S., Canada, 
and Mexico operations, grew by 36.3 million or 30.9%, to 153.8 million. Excluding 1.3 million from favorable 
currency comparisons to Q1 last year, North American wholesale sales increased by 29.8%. 

Sales from our Europe wholesale operations increased by 5.1 million, or 4.7%, to 112.5 million. Excluding currency 
that favorably impacted sales in this region by 6.5 million in comparison to the same quarter last year, Europe 
wholesale sales fell by approximately 1.3%. 

Sales from our Asia Pacific wholesale operations increased by 7.1 million, or 22.5%, to 38.7 million. Again excluding 
currency that favorably impacted sales by 3.7 million in comparison to Q1 last year, Asia-Pac wholesale sales grew by 
10.8%. And as Mike mentioned, excluding the sales return from our Korean distributor in the first quarter, net sales 
grew by 23.5% at constant currency. 

And sales from our direct-to-consumer businesses increased by 21.7 million, or 32.6%, to 88.2 million. Excluding 
currency that favorably impacted sales by 2 million, direct-to-consumer sales increased by 29.6%. 

First quarter gross profit margin increased by 340 basis points to 55.8% compared to 52.4% in the prior-year quarter. 
This expansion in gross profit margin, coupled with higher levels of sales, resulted in gross profit increasing by $50 
million, or 29.5%, to 219.4 million in comparison to 169.4 million last year. A weaker U.S. dollar in comparison to the 
prior-year quarter contributed 130 basis points to the improvement in gross profit margin. Additionally, gross profit 
margin also benefited from reduced levels of low margin sales through off-price liquidation channels and an increase in 


the sales mix of higher margin licensed watch products as well as higher margin direct-to-consumer sales in 
comparison to the prior-year quarter. 

We expect continued gross margin improvement over the balance of fiscal year 2010, primarily due to a higher mix of 
direct-to-consumer and wholesale watch sales. Additionally, we expect Q2 to also benefit from reduced levels of 
off-price liquidation sales in comparison to last year. 

As a percentage of sales, first quarter operating expenses decreased to 42.8%, compared to 45.1% in the prior-year 
quarter. Total operating expenses increased by 22.6 million, and included 5.1 million of additional expenses from the 
translation of foreign-based expenses as a result of the weaker U.S. dollar, in comparison to the prior-year quarter. In 
constant dollar terms, operating expenses increased by 17.5 million, primarily the result of our increased sales. 

Our wholesale and corporate cost areas accounted for 7.5 million and 3.6 million respectively of this increase, while 
our direct-to-consumer segment operating expenses increased by 6.4 million. Expense increases associated with our 
wholesale segments were primarily attributable to increased payroll and increased marketing expenses, while increased 
expenses within the direct-to-consumer segment were primarily attributable to our store growth. 

For fiscal year 2010, we anticipated operating expenses as a percentage of sales to remain at or slightly above 2009 
levels. This is primarily due to the normalization of compensation and other expenses that we reduced in 2009, a higher 
sales mix of direct-to-consumer sales which carry a higher SG&A component but also generate higher gross profit 
margins, and further investments to support our current and long-term growth initiatives. 

As a percentage of sales, operating income increased to 13% in the first quarter compared to 7.4% in the prior-year 
quarter. Increased net sales, improved gross profit margin, and operating expense leverage resulted in operating income 
increasing by 27.4 million, or 115.4%, to 51.3 million, in comparison to 23.8 million in the prior-year quarter. During 
the first quarter, operating income was favorably impacted by approximately $5.1 million as a result of the translation 
of foreign-based sales and expenses into U.S. dollars. 

Other income expense decreased unfavorably by 2.5 million during the first quarter, and this decrease was principally 
the result of lower levels of foreign currency transaction gains experienced in this quarter as compared to the prior-year 
quarter, primarily due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against certain foreign currency since the end of 2009. We 
were able to reduce the level of losses associated with changes in currency rates during the first quarter by settling a 
significant portion of our U.S.-denominated payables in Europe through the use of foreign contracts at rates in excess 
of the prevailing rates at the dates of settlement. 

Income tax expense for the first quarter was 15.7 million, resulting in an effective income tax rate of 30.4%. For the 
prior-year quarter, income tax expense was 9.3 million, resulting in an effective tax rate of 35%. The lower effective 
tax rate for the first quarter was the result of a higher proportion of foreign income which was taxed at lower effective 
tax rates, and the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits. We estimate our fiscal 2010 effective rate will 
approximate 35%, excluding any discrete events. 

Finally, first quarter net income increased by 18.6 million, or 107.3%, to 35.9 million or $0.53 per diluted share, 
inclusive of a favorable $0.05 per diluted share impact related to the weaker U.S. dollar. This compares to net income 
of 17.3 million, or $0.26 per diluted share, in the prior-year quarter. 

Now turning to the balance sheet. We ended the first quarter with cash, cash equivalents, and securities available for 
sale totaling 458.2 million, compared to 202.9 million at the end of Q1 2009, and we have 7.9 million in total debt. 
Inventory at quarter-end was 250.3 million, representing a decrease of 12.2% from the prior-year quarter end balance of 

285.1 million. Although our inventories decreased as a result of strong sales, we believe our inventories and sourcing 
resources are well positioned to meet our sales growth expectations for the balance of fiscal 2010. 
While wholesale sales increased by 18.9% during the first quarter, accounts receivable increased by only 3.3%, to 

163.7 million, compared to 158.4 million at the end of the prior-year quarter. Days sales outstanding for our wholesale 
segments for the first quarter was 47 days, which decreased from 54 days in the prior-year quarter, primarily driven by 
a reduction in the sales mix of international-based sales that generally result in longer collection cycles than those 

experienced in the U.S. 

During Q1, we had capital expenditures of approximately $9.5 million, and are expecting fiscal year 2010 capital 
expenditures of 55 to 65 million. We expect that a majority of the 2010 capital expenditures will be related to new store 
openings, store remodels, and the continued rollout of our SAP POS system to our retail stores in Europe. Depreciation 
and amortization expense for the first quarter of 2010 total $10 million, and we estimate full-year 2010 depreciation 
and amortization expense of 41 to 43 million. 

As it relates to our guidance for 2010, for the second quarter we expect reported and constant-dollar net sales to 
increase in a range of 20 to 22%. Second quarter diluted earnings per share are expected to be in a range of 32 to $0.34; 
and we don't expect currency to have a significant impact on second quarter earnings in comparison to the prior-year 
period. 

For fiscal year 2010, we expect reported net sales to increase in a range of 12 to 14%, with constant-dollar sales 
increasing in a range of 14 to 16%, fueling operating margins to 15 to 15.5% in comparison to 13.7% at fiscal 2009. 

Diluted earnings per share for the year are expected to be in a range of $2.55 to $2.65. This range includes an 
unfavorable currency impact of approximately $0.10 per diluted share, primarily related to the translation impact of an 
average stronger dollar for the full year. The $0.10 is also net of expected hedging gains. As always, our forward 
guidance is based upon the current prevailing rate of the U.S. dollar compared to other foreign currencies for countries 
in which we operate, and we have pegged the euro at 1.28 for guidance purposes. 

And now, I'll turn the call over to the operator to begin the question-and-answer portion of the call. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Neely Tamminga with Piper Jaffray. Please go 
ahead. 

<Q - Neely Tamminga>: Great, good morning, guys, and super congratulations. I think they just do everything bigger 
in Texas, including earnings beats. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Neely. 

<Q - Neely Tamminga>: Hey, a couple things, if you don't mind. The watch sales being up 50% and coming largely 
from the U.S., could you dissect that a little bit more with some numbers? It just – maybe talking through units? I think 
you guys started to talk in Q4 about really seeing that unit demand pick up, so maybe getting us to understand that, and 
then giving some of the comp metrics as well, as to the drivers. 

And then just please address – this is a ginormous amount of cash. Just wondering what you're thinking there? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: Well Neely, on the watch side, we – as we talked about on our 
last call, the stuff that's selling is not necessary lower in price. In fact, our best-selling styles in all brands are probably 
the higher-priced things, and that's new ideas, new materials, new innovation, new technologies, et cetera. So we're 
selling a lot of that stuff and additional units just because the market has a tailwind right now. So a combination of both 
higher-priced items and additional units, and we are seeing this in the United States especially. We're starting to see 
some of this start to happen in Europe as well. 

We think, quite honestly, because of the new materials and new ideas and things that are in the market and some of the 
identification of trends that we've seen, that this could be a change that could last for a while, and we're thinking maybe 
ten years or so, that might be a good number. But in any case, we've got a nice tailwind behind us. 

<Q - Neely Tamminga>: That's great, and maybe a little bit on the cash, what you guys are thinking there? 


<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: The one other comment I'd make on the 
watches, Neely, is, as I said in the prepared remarks, we get a win-win situation with a combination of a big uptrend in 
watch category at large; and then within that category, we have data that points to the fact that we've grown more than 
the overall category, so that really creates a big win for us. 

<Q - Neely Tamminga>: That helps. Mike, the cash? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: The cash. 

<Q - Neely Tamminga>: The cash. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: Sort of a high class 
problem, right? We're looking opportunistically. Obviously, as we move forward with our – both our current and our 
long-term growth plans, we'll analyze what feel is best for future actions with regard to cash. We're going to remain 
open to opportunities as far as new license or acquisitions, but right now there's nothing that's in the pipeline from that 
perspective. So that's kind of where we stand. 

<Q - Neely Tamminga>: But you're preferring some form of additive acquisition or something like that, over maybe a 
redistribution? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: Well, I think if you look 
at our historical cash flows and with the earnings growth we're expecting for the balance of this year, and obviously we 
continue to expect to grow earnings over the long term, that we'll continue to generate enough cash to have multiple 
opportunities that would include acquisitions as well as continued share buybacks and other alternatives to reward 
shareholders. 

<Q - Neely Tamminga>: Great. Thanks you guys. Congratulations on a job well done. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: You're welcome. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

You're next question comes from Matt McClintock with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead. Mr. McClintock, your line 
is now open. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Matthew McClintock>: Sorry about that. Good morning, everyone. Great quarter. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Matt. 

<Q - Matthew McClintock>: I guess my first question is, on the last quarter you talked about trends in Europe and 
you said that essentially on the continent, the trends were relatively the same across all the different countries, with 
maybe some strength in the United Kingdom. And I was wondering if you could provide some color regarding Europe, 
that same – the same trends during the first quarter and maybe going into April and May? 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Sure, Matt. Basically, looking at Europe, there's 
a couple things going on. Number one, they kind of came into this economic recession later than the U.S. did, and we 
fully expected them to come out of it later, as we've said over the past calls, and we are seeing that. On top of that of 
course, we see these other economic disruptions that are happening within some countries, especially southern Europe 
right now, and that's probably going to have some effect as well. 

Having said that, we continue to see Europe improve quarter-over-quarter sequentially. As we said, it was down in 
constant currency 1.3% compared to 5.7% in the fourth quarter last year, and as we've moved into the second quarter, 
we've seen that improve to the point where we're seeing modest gains in sales in Europe. So similar to the U.S., we're 
starting to see watches start to really gain some momentum and some heat in Europe, and I think that we're going to see 


that continue through the year. How much it improves and grows, we'll see, but we do feel like we're seeing sequential 
improvement and continuing improvement, and that we will see that help us out. 

The other thing I would point out is that in some of the countries that are having some of the biggest problems, they're 
not our largest markets in Europe. For instance, there's so much talk about Greece right now. We have a third-party 
distributor in Greece and it's a relatively small volume for us, so there's not a big potential for downside there, and most 
of the other southern European markets are the same. We're continuing to see Italy perform pretty well for us. Spain is 
a joint venture for us that's not a consolidated entity. So in most of the markets, they're the larger markets of Germany, 
the U.K., France, et cetera, and we're seeing continued improved performance in those markets. 

<Q - Matthew McClintock>: Okay. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: Matt, this is Mike. I'll 
also add, as we talked about in the fourth quarter with the U.K. primarily being the outlier as far as the performance in 
Europe, U.K. has continued to see increases year-over-year, but we also are seeing increases in some other markets in 
Europe as well in the first quarter, and that's in comparison to most every market other than the U.K. being down in Q4. 
So that sequential improvement is coming through in a lot of different markets. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: One other thing, Matt, I would add to that is, if 
you look at our retail businesses in Europe, again we saw a 7.8% positive comp on top of a double-digit 14.6% comp 
last year. So the strength of our offerings is really good right now, and then that's going to bode well for us. 

<Q - Matthew McClintock>: Great. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

The next question comes from Barbara Wyckoff with Jesup & Lamont. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: Hi, everyone. Great job on first quarter. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: Hi. Kosta, where do you see operating margins going over time? I mean, what would be a 
reasonable goal? And then a second question for you. How do you envision your business model, let's say three years 
from now, sort of penetration by business, geographic distribution. And then, could you update us on China? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: As far as the business model goes, I mean obviously we've got 
two rather large core businesses, our FOSSIL brand totally. As you see from our comps and the growth we've had, not 
just the United States but globally, almost every market we've gone into, we've had a great success with our retail 
stores. And the comps continue to increase. We've had great comps over the last several years as we've improved the 
brand, made it more focused, it's – you go in our stores, you can see it in real life. 

For example, we just modeled our store on Fifth Avenue, which is kind of a flagship for us in New York City. I would 
encourage you to go in the store and see it. It's really terrific. 

You can also see our most recent catalog online, on FOSSIL lifestyle, if you go in and look at it, but you really have to 
see the change in the brand, the more aspirational focused nature of it, to really kind of understand where the FOSSIL 
brand is going. We think this is a huge, long-term, significant global opportunity for us, as the brand resonates around 
the world. 

We have a three-pronged strategy, the web, store, catalog, to communicate the brand. We're doing that in the United 
States. As you know, we've expanded the web activity. We have Fossil websites in Europe and in Asia right now. 
We're going to be testing the catalog in Germany. We're getting increases in traffic in our stores and our websites 
throughout Europe. So the FOSSIL brand is going to continue to grow at a very large – to a very large scale, and that's 
a huge opportunity for us, especially as we have a tailwind behind us. 


And then we have this sort of dominant global watch model, which is – now that there's a tailwind behind it, is a very 
flexible distribution channel; you can see where we have the opportunity with relatively short lead times to capture 
sales and move forward. We've got a lot of identification of trends that are happening. We have a huge amount of 
infrastructure for design and execution that's ongoing, that is very powerful. And both those businesses, we think, are 
going to be very large. 

Where it ends up three years from now and what percent is which? They're both going to grow at a very fast rate and 
we think that it's going to give us a lot of opportunity. 

As far as the operating income percent, we've always targeted that 16.9%, 17. We think that as we continue to leverage 
investments we've made around the world in infrastructure, pay less systems, SAP, et cetera, the margins on these 
categories are very high. We think as we get larger that we can move towards that 16.9 or 17% and we're focused on 
that. We do look at other companies and look at what the operating margin potentials are in retail and distribution 
categories similar to ours, and we think that 16.9 is very doable. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: Barbara, I would also 
add on that point, if you look back to, I think 2006 operating margin levels, 2007, I think we were at 10% as well. So 
we've seen a nice progression over the last three or four years, even in the middle of all this economic chaos; and as we 
alluded to in the prepared remarks, we're expecting operating margins to come in somewhere between 15 and 15.5% 
this year. 

So 2007, when we built a five-year plan, back before the world changed, we kind of targeted 2012, and with that reset, 
I would say that we're probably a year or so away from that, relative to the initial expectation, but obviously we're 
making a lot of progress this year. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Barbara, I'll take your last question about China. 
We continue to see big, big opportunities in China, but not just China, throughout a lot of the Asian region, to the point 
that we mentioned in the remarks that Japan and Korea were standouts in the Asia region. And we've even realigned a 
lot of our resources, and we've put one of our best senior vice presidents, really focused on these big, big opportunistic 
markets like China and Korea, Japan and even India long-term. So we think that we'll see continued development and 
growth in those regions and that they will lead the way in terms of percentage growth as we go forward. 

<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: Mike, why – can you talk a little bit about Japan? Why was Japan so strong? Everyone talks 
about how disastrous the market is, yet your performance was really bucking the trend. What's going on there? 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Well, what we're doing is we've gotten very 
focused on Japan. Out of those markets I just mentioned, we entered places like India, China, and Korea all within the 
last three years, and Japan we've been in for quite some time. But we've really gotten ourself very, very focused on that 
market because we realize the importance of it, and we're seeing some great results there. 

And you can't overlook the fact that we've opened, over the past couple of years, a number of stores in the Japan 
market, and we're seeing that really grow the FOSSIL brand within that market, and we're big – big opportunities to 
grow there, both in the FOSSIL brand and in the watch category in general. So there's just really a lot of opportunity in 
the market that we just haven't penetrated yet, and we felt like we needed to get really focused on that. 

<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: How many stores do you have in Japan? 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: We have five stores. Five comp stores at this 
time, and they comp 


<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: Okay. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: – about – over 15%. 

<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: Wow. All right, thanks. And then, just last question for Mike Kovar. The current liabilities 
went up 82%. What's happening there? 


<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: Current liabilities? That 
would just reflect various accruals. A lot of that could be compensation-related, based upon when payments are made 
on payroll plans around the world. Also just various accrued liabilities associated with the growth in our watch 
business, like increasing warranty reserves, et cetera. 

<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: Okay. Thanks. Good luck. Great job. 

Operator 

Next question comes from Robin Murchison with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: Thanks very much. Good morning, guys. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: Hi, Robin. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: Hi. Okay. So clarification, Mike. Operating expenses at or slightly above last year's levels, 
and you're talking about in terms of a percentage, correct? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: That's correct. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: Okay. And then, will you also talk a little bit about what's going on with handbags? You're 
expecting an improvement or a pick up, but what's going on there? And I don't know if you want to address it as 
RELIC, FOSSIL, or MICHELE, or however; just shed some light. 

<A - Mark Quick>: Robin, it's Mark. I'll take your call on handbags. As you know, the category was a hot, hot 
category for many years, and then the last, oh, probably 18 months it slowed down somewhat as a trend category within 
the total accessories area. One of the things, though, that I would say to you is, our offering continues to update itself. 
We've added important classifications, new looks, and I think the design engine is as strong there as it is in our watch 
area. That said, our retail performance in first quarter in the U.S. has actually been pretty good. We've had double-digit 
increases with our key retail customers throughout the first quarter, so we expect that trend to start to reflect itself in the 
wholesale shipments as well. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: Good. Thank you. And then also, in terms of your watch styles, I think you indicated that 
MICHAEL KORS – that those watches had not moved to Europe just yet, or they were beginning to move over to 
Europe. Is that correct? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, we're starting to put them in different places around the 
world, and we're starting to see the beginnings of trends in different parts of the world, Asia and Europe, where this 
brand is going to be very hot and significant outside the United States as well as the U.S. So it's going to be a very 
long-term, scalable opportunity for the company. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: I guess – good. So tell me this, because you know that – the ceramic watch started with, I 
think, Chanel a few years ago and moved Europe to the States. So are you saying that this big oversized gold tone sort 
of clunky watch started here and is moving to Europe? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: Well, there's a lot of moving parts to it. The ceramic watch has 
been around in the watch market for 20 years in different forms, and I think Chanel made it big and iconic, and that's 
driven awareness of that ceramic category itself, but also the look of that, and that is an ongoing thing. It's happened 
different parts of the world. It's in the United States right now very strongly. We're seeing it in Europe and Asia as well, 
and it's probably a big, long-term, iconic shift in the watch business, and we're capitalizing on that. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: So you're talking about the new styles, right? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: Well I'm talking about ceramic in general. If you look at the 
MICHAEL KORS line, it's not just ceramic. First of all, it's a lot of different materials 



<Q - Robin Murchison>: Right. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: – looks very iconic. Our design teams – we've spent a lot of – we 
put a lot resources, technology, energy, people, on our design teams in the last several years, and it's really starting to 
pay off big. We've got a lot of innovation out there, and they're just – one watch after another is just stronger than the 
last, and it's driving a huge amount of awareness for watches in general and it's capitalizing on the trends that are 
happening in some of the luxury brands such as Chanel, et cetera. 

But MICHAEL KORS has got a lot of different categories that are working in a very strong way, and in addition to 
that, the brand is very, very strong, the awareness is very good, and there's a lot of people out there looking for the 
brand and these products, so we're in a good position. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: Right, no, honestly, it's – when I look out there, a lot of different retail websites and then the 
wholesale websites obviously on back order, I'm wondering how much in sales you're missing, because you just don't 
have enough of these popular styles to satisfy demand? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: Well, the one thing that's interesting about that is, we had – 
obviously MICHAEL KORS grew very quickly last year as well, and we've identified a number of key styles there, that 
we've got pretty large quantities been rolling, and when you – I think we tripled the business in the first quarter, right, 
Mike? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: Correct. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: When you triple it 


<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: Correct. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: – obviously, you're going to run out of some styles, but on 
balance, if you look at not just MICHAEL KORS but how much we grew our watch business last quarter, part of this is 
due to our operating model. We have relatively short lead times on reorders, so as we said in the notes, we saw very 
strong trends in watches in December, and what we're shipping over the last couple months is things that we saw in 
December selling and we aggressively bought back into them. And one of the benefits we have in our business model is 
the watch business does not change as fast as other businesses. It's not seasonally-driven; we don't have a lot of 
seasonal products. The stuff that sold really well in December is exactly the same thing that's selling right now. And 
we're seeing things that have changed slightly, and suddenly in the last six, eight weeks, then those things are going to 
sell 90 days from now when we get reorders back in. 

So part of the reason we're so optimistic on the watch business is we're seeing – it's been broad-based, consistent, it's 
been happening for several months, it's happening in all brands. There's a lot more interest in watches generally. We're 
getting additional resources from the stores that are putting more inventory in and they're putting more salespeople, 
giving it more space. I mean, we are seeing a very positive future for watches over the last several months. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: Okay. And just a couple more if I can, and on currency. In the first – or on the fourth quarter 
conference call, excuse me, you talked about an impact of 17 – a negative impact team of $0.17 due to ForEx changes, 
and I presume – was that also net of hedging similar to – now you're saying that impact is $0.10 net of favorable 
hedging? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: That's correct. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: Okay. And then – so my last question would be this. What is your ability – some pundits – 
I'm sure there's a lot of estimates out there, but it seems like the most popular one out there right now is euro falling to 

1.20. So I mean, do you have any ability – I understand your guidance today talking about the 1.28 and the $0.10 net 
impact. What is your ability to further hedge if the euro does fall to 1.20? 
<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: Well, you're going to be 
forward hedging at whatever the prevailing rates are. So if the euro falls to 1.20, we would have to agree to be – go out 


at 1.20 on contracts, which really wouldn't benefit us obviously. So the power of being able to offset a significant 
decline in the euro is related to the existing contracts we have in place, and as we've said, for the balance of 2010, we 
have about 65% of our expected euro activity covered through forward contracts that are at rates of 1.40 or above. 

So with the euro trading down recently to the 1.27, 1.28 range, when we settle those contracts in the last three quarters 
of the year using these forwards, that will obviously generate settlement gains for us to offset any weakness that's going 
on with the translation due to a weaker euro. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: Okay, all right. Guys, thanks very much, and congratulations. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: Thanks, Robin 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you, Robin. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Anna Andreeva with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Anna Andreeva>: Thanks. Good morning, guys, and congrats on a fantastic quarter. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Anna. 

<Q - Anna Andreeva>: I had a quick question on the gross margins. Could you maybe quantify the impact of a lower 
off-price liquidation sale for the first quarter? And I think you said you expect that to continue to benefit in the second 
quarter as well? So I guess as we look out to the back half, despite what looks like will be bigger currency pressure, do 
you think there's an opportunity to still expand your gross margin? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: To answer your last 
question, yes, and I'll get into that a little bit. To answer your first question, the reduced activity in discontinued product 
sales, so that off-price liquidation channel, contributed about 120 basis points of the improvement in Q1, and we expect 
a level near that for Q2 as well, as that activity didn't really stop last year until we got beyond the second quarter. 

As it relates to margins going forward, as Kosta mentioned, we're seeing a very strong increase in our watch businesses 
around the world. Our direct-to-consumer segment, including our retail store base which has shown great comp growth, 
and we're anticipating solid comp growth for the balance of this year, those two areas are going to continue to drive 
margins favorably. 

In fact, if you look at the first quarter and just at our wholesale businesses, the watch component of our wholesale 
business grew to about 84% of total sales versus 78% last year. And as we've always said, the watch gross margins are 
much more profitable than our typical accessories business, and as a lot of the growth was coming from licensed brands 
– or faster growth, I should say, coming from licensed brands, because all of our watch businesses participated in. The 
watch licenses – or the watch brands, even after the royalty that we pay, are some of the highest margin businesses that 
we have. So we do expect that trend to continue for the balance of the year. 

As we get to the fourth quarter, we obviously see a much larger mix of direct-to-consumer sales through our own retail 
stores and through our website, which historically have the impact of further increasing margins relative to the 
sequential quarter. 

<Q - Anna Andreeva>: Okay. No, that make sense, and that's helpful. And I guess, staying on gross margins, just a 
question on sourcing. I guess most companies are telling us the back half will get a little tougher from the sourcing 
perspective and 2011 could be a bigger headwind. Are you guys seeing similar dynamics in your business or are you 
able to offset that? 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Well, the great thing is that we are very, very 
focused on sourcing right now, and we have spent a lot of time working with our supply chain – across the supply 
chain, up to and including our factories, to make sure that we have orders in place to cover our needs. And we feel 


pretty good about where our inventory situation is and the on-order that we have coming, to really feed a great, growing 
business right now. 

In terms of pricing pressures, there's been some documentation that China raised labor rates, minimum wages, in – over 
the past month or so, and we were in Hong Kong, the executive management group, two or three weeks ago, and we 
had a lot of meetings regarding this. And what we found is that, number one, we're not feeling the pressure as much as 
a lot of people are. Because of the competitive environment and the fact that we wanted to stay on top of things, we 
were actually – our factories were already paying above minimum wage, so they didn't feel the same pressures to raise 
labor as much as a lot of factories that weren't paying over minimum wage at the time. So that was a positive note that 
we took away from there. 

There has been some discussion as well on pricing for certain commodities, such as leather, going up in price, et cetera. 
I think that, with our buying power and our negotiating ability, we're able to keep price increases somewhat to a 
minimum compared to a lot of companies around the world, and offset a lot of that. 

So there may be some pricing pressure coming in the future, but we feel pretty well positioned to deal with that, better 
than most companies out there in the marketplace. 

<Q - Anna Andreeva>: Okay. Okay, that's great. And then just to finally a question, on the new licenses pipeline. 
What do you guys see in the next year or so? And just looking at DKNY, I think that's been the biggest struggle in the 
last couple of quarters. Are you seeing any improvement there sequentially? 

<A - Mark Quick>: Anna, let me take care of the question on DKNY. Actually, we have seen sequential improvement 
since first quarter of 2009. Each subsequent quarter has shown improved performance, and that has continued into first 
quarter of this year. So we're definitely seeing a strong turnaround and, once again, highly influenced by the quality of 
the product offering and the design innovation that our teams are giving it. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: As far as the pipeline for new licenses, Anna, 
we're going to stay opportunistic as always there, and we'll look at anything major that may be available out there. But I 
would have to say, we are very pleased with the performance of our current existing portfolio, both the entire Fossil 
business and our portfolio of watch and jewelry brands that we carry right now. And we've got a big opportunity to take 
what we've got and really grow it – continue growing it at a double-digit pace. So we're pretty happy about that. 

The product offerings we're putting out there and the great brands that we have on a global basis, really driving our 
business. Between the FOSSIL brand, all categories, and between our portfolio of watches and jewelry, we've got a big 
opportunity even organically. And when you put up – put on top of that anything that might come to us from the 
pipeline, there's just big opportunity for this company over the next three to five years. 

<Q - Anna Andreeva>: Okay. Sounds great. Thanks so much, and best of luck for the rest of 2010. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Randy Konik with Jefferies Capital. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Randall Konik>: Yeah, thanks a lot. So just quick question again on off-price. Can you just give us the percent 
change in sales year-over-year to off-price or liquidation channel sales, just year-over-year percent change? And then 
maybe give us some perspective on how far below peak, and I'm assuming peak was fourth quarter '08, in terms of 
where the sales were in 4Q '08, where they are now, how – what's the change there? 

And then on a separate question, you talked about sales growth driven by replenishment orders and the upturn in the 
watch category. So if you just think about just restocking versus strong sell-throughs, how would you weight those two 
drivers to your sales upside in the most recent quarter and the most recent months? Thanks. 


<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer>: Hey Randy, this is Mike. 
I'll take the first question and then I'll defer to the guys on the second question. On the off-price channel, actually from 
Q4 2008 through Q2 of 2009, we saw a similar activity every quarter, at or just over about $10 million a quarter of 
off-price activity. The activity within the last quarter has been less than half that amount, so we've seen a significant 
decrease in the need to get rid of excess inventory. 

As you know, we ended 2008 with an inventory significantly higher than we planned, given that most of those 
inventories came in in August and September for the holiday period, and we didn't have so much of a holiday period 
back in 2008. So we were able to work through that by the second quarter last year, so we should see a more normal 
comparison as we move out of the second quarter into Q3 and Q4. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: As for the restocking question, we're in a situation where the 
sales increases are pretty high at retail and they're putting additional resources behind the watch category, so both 
things are happening at one time. We're restocking and fueling sales growth. 

<Q - Randall Konik>: And are you seeing that restock – that investment in the category in a particular area of the 
category, or is it just more broad-based? Like is it more fashion versus classic or the different price point? Any more 
color there? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: There's specific categories and styles that are selling at very fast 
rates and better than others, and those are the ones we're feeding obviously. So it's really a situation of a growing 
business and growing the amount of space, resources, et cetera for the category. So we're seeing both things. 

<Q - Randall Konik>: And then if you would have to just give us – I guess my last question – if you would just have 
to give us color on what's best performing in your – within your watch segment, is it some sort of color, or some sort of 
strap, fabric or non-leather fabric, non-leather construction or something like that? Can you just give us a little color 
there, and that is it. Thanks. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: I would describe it by saying there's a lot of things and they're all 
differentiated. I would – the best thing probably would be, go to our store and look at the products, and go to the 
department store, look at the different brands. It's a lot of different things. It's pretty broad-based. It's basically a 
response to new ideas and innovation, things that people don't already own. 

There's been kind of this real broad-based more interest in watches that you'll see. If you look at photo shoots and 
runway shows, et cetera, you'll see watches on people's wrists, and you hadn't seen that in awhile. And there's been 
discussion over the last several years, people need – don't need watches because they have cell phones, and we see 
there's an interest in maybe younger people that hadn't worn a watch in awhile and they want one now. Whatever the 
reason is, there's just more interest in watches, and we're seeing it – especially in differentiated brands and materials 
and categories. 

<Q - Randall Konik>: Great, thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Eric Beder with Brean, Murray. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Eric Beder>: Good morning. Congratulations. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Thanks, Eric. 

<Q - Eric Beder>: Could you talk a little bit – we've talked about the higher end doing well in differentiated product. 
What about the mid to lower end? How is RELIC doing? And could you talk a little bit about Watch Station, if – how 
that in terms of expansion here? 


<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: I can talk to RELIC. On the watches – I'll let 
Mark talk to the accessories side, but I get the watch stuff in front of me. We actually had a nice performance in 
RELIC. That business was up in watches in the JCPenney's, Kohl's, and Sears channel, small double-digits or low 
double-digits in Q1. So it's obviously seeing the same lift across the category that all of our other brands are seeing as 
well, and we still like that business. We'll continue to be strong for the balance of the year, but again, it's a limited 
customer base. 

Mark, do you want to talk about accessories and that -? 

<A - Mark Quick>: I would add also on RELIC watch that we experienced at retail similar performance to what we 
saw at wholesale. So the goods were selling through and we expect that momentum to continue. 

Within the accessories category, once again not as strong as what we saw leading the way in watches. The men's 
RELIC performance, I would say, was better than the women's accessory performance, and that, in terms of a net sales 
base, is similar to what we see happening in FOSSIL. So it's pretty much a mirror of the rest of the performance within 
FOSSIL versus RELIC. 

<Q - Eric Beder>: Okay, and how is the Watch Station business doing? 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: For – right now, Watch Station is actually 
meeting our expectations. It's a relatively small business. We have five outlets that are open in the U.S. They're doing 
well and hitting our expectations on a combined basis. And we just recently opened two new regular-priced Watch 
Station stores in Singapore, which appear to be coming out of the box pretty strongly. So we think that Watch Station is 
still a big growth opportunity for us for the future. It's relatively small right now, but meeting our expectations; and 
we're looking forward to developing that concept as we move forward. 

<Q - Eric Beder>: And finally, apparel. You were going to – how is the experimentation – you were going to start 
experimenting with that in Europe. Has that begun, and if it has, what are the initial reactions to that? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. We put apparel in a couple stores that we had space there, 
so we just started that probably in the last month or so. We're going to be opening a store in Germany that's a apparel 
store, similar to what Stonebrier is, so that's going to happen probably in the next quarter or so, and we're looking for 
additional space to do additional tests. 

In addition to that, we also had put apparel on our website in Germany, and as I mentioned before, we're going to be 
doing a catalog in the fourth quarter that will have – we will have apparel in our catalog that goes out fourth quarter. 

We will also be closing a number of our apparel stores that – they've been open ten years, the leases are up, so we're in 
the process of reformulating that. And one of those stores we're actually going to remodel; King of Prussia will be 
remodeled in the next quarter to the Stonebrier model which is – continues to do extremely well. 

So we're basically kind of in – still in this incubator mode, still working on the concept. We're going to open King of 
Prussia, we'll open one or maybe a couple more in Europe. And really emphasizing website and catalog. The apparel 
process, what we say, it's kind of an incubator, it's part of our head to toe Fossil lifestyle brand image, it helps us on our 
website and catalog. It helps us move into new categories like shoes, et cetera. So it's basically a big long-term project 
for us. 

One of the things that we do think is that there's a large opportunity in Europe is, as overserved as the United States is 
in apparel and as difficult as that business is in general, Europe is somewhat the opposite and we do have a very large 
presence there. The brand is extremely strong and we – there's a very large interest in American brands and it could be 
a big opportunity for us. But having said that, it's still pretty much of an incubator for us. 

<Q - Eric Beder>: Great, congratulations. Thank you. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Thanks, Eric. 


Operator 

Our last question comes from Cliff Greenberg with Baron Capital. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Cliff Greenberg>: Yeah. Hi, guys. Congratulations. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Hi, Cliff. 

<Q - Cliff Greenberg>: With the success of the accessory store seemingly in the States and not just outside the States, 
what is your appetite or approach to open or ramping up the opening schedule for stores in the U.S. and outside of 
U.S.? Mike, maybe just review what you're planning to do this year on a gross basis, and then as you look into the 
future, what your opportunity is? 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Sure, Cliff. If you look at this year, as we've 
said, we're planning to open approximately 50 new stores this year, and that is going to be concentrated on outside of 
the U.S. right now. Having said that, we have seen greatly improving performances. You may recall that we kind of 
slowed down the rollout in the U.S. ... 

<Q - Cliff Greenberg>: Right. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: ... after we saw the 2008 stores that we opened 
that didn't come out of the box as strong as we had anticipated that they would. And we wanted to make sure that we 
got better productivity before we continued rolling out in the U.S. 

To be fair to some of those 2008 stores, a lot of them were opened in places like Florida, Arizona, California, et cetera, 
some of the hardest hit places during the recession; and now this year, we have seen these stores improve dramatically, 
and in fact, a better improvement that we've seen in a lot of places. And so we think there is definitely an opportunity to 
resume opening in the U.S. We're going to be opportunistic about that and we're going to take it one step at a time, but 
definitely, the opportunity still exists within the U.S. and certainly outside the U.S., where we have seen consistent 
performance – outperforming the performance that we put out there. So we're bullish on the U.S. opportunity as well as 
the international opportunity. 

<Q - Cliff Greenberg>: Great, thank you. 

Operator 

Mr. Kovar, there are no further questions at this time. Please continue. 

Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and 
Treasurer 

Thank you. Should you want to replay this conference call, it has been recorded and will be available from 10 AM 
Central time today, until 12 midnight Central time tomorrow. And you can call 303-590-3030 or 1-800-406-7325 for 
that recording. Enter reservation number 4284196. Again that number is 303-590-3030 or 1-800-406-7325, reservation 
code 4284196, followed by the pound sign. 

The conference call has also been recorded by StreetEvents and may be accessed through StreetEvents' website at 
www.streetevents.com or directly through our website at fossil.com by clicking on Investor Relations on our homepage 
and then on webcasts. 

Finally, should you have any questions that did not get addressed today, please give myself or Mike Barnes a call. 
Thanks again for joining us. Our next scheduled conference call will be in August for the release of our 2010 second 
quarter operating results. 


Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call for today. Thank you for your participating. Please disconnect 
your lines. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


