Q1 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Allison Malkin, Integrated Corporate Relations 
• Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer 
• Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer 
• Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
Other Participants 

• Maria Vizuete 
• Robin Murchison 
• Anna Andreeva 
• Jennifer Pritchard 
• Ron Bookbinder 
• Barbara Wyckoff 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the first quarter 2009 conference call on the 12th of 
May, 2009. Throughout today's recorded presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. After the 
presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] 

I will now hand the conference over to Ms. Allison Malkin. Please go ahead, madam. 

Allison Malkin, Integrated Corporate Relations 

Thank you. Good morning. 

Before we begin, you should be aware that during this conference call, certain discussions will contain forward-looking 
information. Actual results could differ materially from those that will be projected during these discussions. Fossil's 
policy on forward-looking statements and additional information concerning a number of factors that could cause 
actual results to differ materially from such statements is readily available in our Form 10-K and 10-Q reports filed 
with the SEC. In addition, Fossil undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, 
whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 

If any non-GAAP financial measure is used on this call, a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial 
measure and a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to GAAP will be provided as supplemental financial 
information to this release under the Earnings Release section under the Investor Relations heading on Fossil's website. 

Please note that this call is being webcast live on Fossil's website. It will remain available for replay on the website 
under the Investor Relations heading after the conclusion of the call. 

And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Fossil's CEO, Kosta Kartsotis. Please go ahead. 


Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Allison. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. With us today are Mike Barnes, our President and 
COO; Mike Kovar, the CFO; Mark Quick, our Vice Chairman; and Jennifer Pritchard, our President of Retail. For 
today's call, we will provide an overview of our first quarter of 2009 results and update you as to our outlook for the 
second quarter and the full year. We will then welcome your questions. 

As we announced this morning, our first quarter net sales were 323 million, representing a decline of 2.1% in constant 
dollars. Diluted earnings per share were $0.26, down from $0.43 in the first quarter last year, but well ahead of our 
original guidance. 

Better-than-expected performance from our direct-to-consumer businesses, our Asia-Pac region, and in the mass 
market watches, along with foreign currency rates that were a bit more favorable than originally projected, allowed us 
to easily surpass our previous guidance. As compared to last year, our performance was challenged by headwinds 
stemming from difficult currency comparisons and a wholesale customer base that was focused on reducing inventory. 

In addition, we also experienced lower shipments in markets where we operate through distributors, mainly driven by 
the economic and currency impact on these operators. This was reflected in our international base sales in general, as 
well as in certain brands that are more heavily weighted towards distributor markets. The good news is that having just 
returned from our New York Market Week, we heard pretty consistently that our domestic wholesale customers are 
sensing that the bottom has occurred and some stability is returning to their businesses. And our distributor markets are 
beginning to show some signs of relief as well. 

During the quarter, we continued to advance our strategic goals. Some notable highlights of the quarter included a 5.1% 
increase in global comp store sales, demonstrating the increasing importance and the strong demand for our FOSSIL 
watch and accessory offerings, with each major product category contributing to the comp increase. We also 
experienced robust gains in the leather category, especially in our international base stores, which continue to drive 
comp sales in Europe and Asia ahead of the United States. Leather goods also represent a strong growth opportunity for 
us within international wholesale. The FOSSIL brand continues to be a huge long-term global opportunity for the 
Company. The brand is uniquely positioned to provide great design and innovation, as well as value to customers 
around the globe. 

The Company gained global watch market share, driven by our compelling portfolio of brands, strong design, and value 
proposition. Specifically the FOSSIL brand grew 1.6% globally in constant currency, and MICHAEL KORS, MARC 
by MARC, and BURBERRY all posted solid increases in sales in constant currency during the quarter. 

Our Asia-Pac wholesale sales increased 7.1% in constant currency, and MICHELE, which is in the opening price point 
of the luxury channel, is outpacing the sales performance of other luxury offerings within the space. Importantly, as 
retailers look for ways to increase their connection to the value-conscious consumer, they are increasing the business 
they do with us. They are focused on concentrating their sales with strong-performing brands such as ours. And their 
increased emphasis on value bodes well for continued growth within our portfolio of watch and accessory brands. 

In addition, we are continuing to plant seeds for growth in the future. Our new introductions, including DKNY jewelry 
and men's footwear, are performing well. While small today, we are excited about the long-term potential. We also are 
being presented with many opportunities to open new points of sale in many of our brands and categories. Our 
continuing success will stem from maximizing such opportunities in the current environment, while continuing to 
invest in profitable growth drivers. 

Our focus continues to be on, first, utilizing the great value proposition that all of our brands and categories offer as a 
means to gain further market share as consumers continue to shop for quality and value. We have strengthened our 
opening price point offerings, and this appears to be resonating with consumer and all of our wholesale partners. 

Second, controlling SG&A. During Q1, on a constant-dollar basis and excluding costs associated with new retail door 
expansion, we actually achieved a slight reduction in SG&A in comparison to last year. Additionally, as you will recall, 
we announced cost-saving measures including a reduction of work force during our call in February, which will save us 


approximately $16 million annually, the impact of which will not become apparent until the second quarter. 

And third, we are focused on managing down inventory levels and improving turns, while utilizing our supply chain 
advantages of shorter lead times and owned assembly of facilities to quickly respond to changing trends. While our Q1 
inventory was slightly up compared to last year, we came in slightly lower than planned. By the end of the second 
quarter, we are anticipating inventory growth to be equal to or less than sales growth. 

As we began our second quarter, we expect the environment to remain challenging. We will continue to emphasize our 
key objectives for this year. We do believe we are seeing signs of stabilization with several of our retail customers in 
the United States feeling incrementally better. We also believe that the height of the de-stocking effort has now passed. 
Also positive is that our Fossil retail stores continue to post comp sales increases in April, even after factoring out the 
benefit of the Easter shift. While we continue to experience softness within certain areas of Europe and within our 
distributor business, we remain confident that our diversified global operating model, along with a continued focus on 
inventory and expense discipline, will enable us to achieve our goals this year and position us for increased profitability 
and opportunity in the future. 

And now I'll turn the call over to Mike Barnes for further color. 

Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer 

Thanks, Kosta. Good morning, everyone. 

I'll start with a review of our domestic business. While we saw sales decline 4% for the quarter with watches down 1% 
and non-watch categories down 6.7%, we're pleased with the results compared to the retail landscape in general. Our 
business in the United States was impacted by the overall economic environment, which prompted retailers to trim their 
purchases in order to decrease inventories on the selling floor. 

Despite this de-stocking strategy, some of our watch brands and businesses experienced very nice growth. Growth in 
our licensed watch category in the U.S. was led by MICHAEL KORS, with additional contributions from MARC by 
MARC JACOBS, adidas, and the continued rollout of Armani Exchange. We continued to gain market share and add 
doors within these businesses. We increased market share in watches overall in the first quarter, and we believe our 
portfolio management approach and our strong value proposition and great style innovations are really driving these 
results for us. 

Increases from our licensed brands were partially offset by a decline in FOSSIL watch shipments. FOSSIL watch 
results are more in line with the department store comp results and were also impacted by retailer efforts to manage 
inventory stock levels down lower. But we have some great-looking product in the pipeline, and we're excited about the 
opportunities for the balance of the year. 

Although MICHELE, our proprietary luxury watch brand, experienced a 5.8% decline in wholesale shipments for the 
quarter, the performance at retail was significantly better than the overall luxury channel and better than the overall 
watch category as well. We attribute this to MICHELE's continued great styling and the brand's comparative value in 
contrast to many other luxury offerings, driving the ongoing appeal of the brand. 

Our domestic accessory business experienced a 6.7% decline in wholesale shipments during the first quarter, driven by 
declines in FOSSIL women's handbags, mainly attributed to rebalancing of the assortment as we shift our products' 
focus to a more contemporary vintage viewpoint, which we see performing very well in our own retail stores. 
Additionally, the handbag category in department stores is underperforming relative to the overall comp performance 
of the stores themselves. The weakness in FOSSIL handbags was partially offset by strength in our RELIC leather 
business. We believe that along with our value pricing and attractive styling, we're benefiting from the consumer 
trading down into the RELIC distribution channel. Finally, on a very positive note, the FOSSIL accessory jewelry 
offering continued to perform exceptionally well, with high-double digit increase for the quarter. 


Now, on to the international wholesale business segment. To keep things simple and on an apples-to-apples basis, all of 
my references to sales increases and decreases will be based upon constant dollars. International wholesale shipments 
decreased by roughly 9% during the first quarter. In Europe, the wholesale shipments declined by 6.3%, with growth 
from new and lesser-penetrated offerings and geographies more than offset by declines in our more penetrated brands 
and markets. Our overall watch business in Europe was impacted by a weakening economy. While we did experience 
declines in total licensed watch sales in Europe, we did see growth from BURBERRY and MICHAEL KORS. FOSSIL 
watches, which has a higher penetration in our more mature markets, experienced a decline in shipments for the 
quarter. In Europe, total jewelry sales declined by 12.4% as most of our distribution for this category is in our more 
penetrated markets. Having said that, we're continuing to roll out our DKNY jewelry line that we launched in the back 
half of 2008 and the updated DIESEL line. Notwithstanding the current environment, we continue to foresee the 
jewelry category as one of our strongest growth opportunities globally. 

In leather goods, our expansion in Europe continued favorably, and we're really excited about the long-term potential to 
expand this category throughout the Continent. In total, leather shipments rose by 37.5% during the quarter, with strong 
gains across both women's and men's categories. We believe the growth of our FOSSIL store base in the region is 
continuing to improve brand awareness across categories and will lead to further opportunities for wholesale expansion 
of our leather groups. 

Other international wholesale sales decreased by 14.3%, partially the result of decreased shipments to our third-party 
distribution markets and a reduction in shipments to our Spain joint venture. In Asia-Pac, our wholesale shipments in 
our subsidiary owned markets increase by 7.1%, driven by market share expansion in a few of our established markets, 
as well as growth in new markets, including China, India, and Korea. This is despite the fact that some of our 
established markets are experiencing record GDP decreases. All in all, we still believe the Asia-Pac region represents a 
continued large opportunity for growth. 

Our direct-to-consumer segment delivered solid performance in the first quarter. This was the result of a 31.5% 
increase in the average number of Company-owned stores opened during the first quarter, constant-dollar comparable 
store sales gains of 5.1%, and a 26.4% increase in e-commerce sales. Our growth engine in this segment, which is the 
FOSSIL Accessory Store concept, delivered global comp increases of 4.5% in 110 comp stores. 

European accessory stores delivered a 15.2% comp performance increase and remain our target market for new store 
growth this year. We experienced 4.3% comp decline in the U.S. accessory stores during Q1, which was impacted by 
the Easter shift. We continue to run a full-price environment within our FOSSIL Accessory Stores and have intensified 
our opening price point assortments, which has led to strong increases in unit sales. 

Our outlet stores also had a great quarter, posting an 8.7% comparable store sales increase, while maintaining our 
targeted margin. As you know, our outlet stores are a liquidation vehicle for discontinued inventory and are 
instrumental to our overall inventory strategy. 

Our e-com business continues to show strong growth. As we discussed previously, we upgraded our U.S. site in Q3 last 
year, which we believe has been instrumental to our positive performance given the difficult U.S. environment. Sales 
from our international sites, in Germany and the recent launches in the UK, Singapore, and Australia, continue to grow 
as well. And we anticipate expanding our footprint into other countries over time. 

Globally we ended the year with 325 stores. This included 195 full-price accessory stores with 107, or more than half, 
located outside the U.S. and 80 outlet locations, including nine outside the U.S. Additionally, we ended the quarter with 
33 apparel stores and 17 multi-brand stores. This compares to 250 stores at the end of the first quarter of last year, 
including 118 full-price accessory stores with 60 outside the U.S. and 81 outlet stores including six outside the U.S. 
[inaudible] 33 apparel stores and 18 multi-brand stores. During Q1, we opened seven new doors and closed six. During 
fiscal 2009, we continue to expect to open between 40 and 50 new doors, with the majority of these doors to be opened 
outside the U.S. This expansion will continue to be concentrated on the full-price accessory concept. 

Now, I'll turn the call over to Mike Kovar. 


Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and 
Treasurer 

Thanks, Mike. Good morning, everyone. 

I'll start off by summarizing our first quarter results from this morning's press release. Net sales increased 9.3% to 323 
million, compared to 356.2 million – that was decreased 9.3% – with stronger U.S. being negatively impacted, 
comparable sales, by more than $25 million in the quarter. Gross profit margin fell 12.8%, and gross profit of 169.4% 
or 52.4% of net sales was down compared to 194.3 million or 54.5% of net sales in the prior quarter. Operating income 
decreased 51.5% to 23.8 million or 7.4% of net sales, compared to 49.1 million or 13.8% of net sales. Net income fell 
42.7% to 17.3 million compared to 30.2 million last year. And diluted earnings per share decreased 39.5% to $0.26 a 
share on 66.7 million shares compared to $0.43 a share on 69.8 million shares. 

Our sales mix breakdown for the first quarter was as follows: 15.2% for domestic wholesale watch sales, 16% from 
other domestic wholesale businesses, 20.6% from worldwide direct-to-consumer businesses, 32% from European 
wholesale sales, and 16.2% from wholesale sales in other international locations. 

The 9.3% decline in net sales for the quarter consisted of the following increases and decreases by category and 
geographical region, and these are on a reported basis: Domestic watch sales decreased 1% to 49.1 million compared to 

49.6 million in the prior-year quarter. Other domestic sales, which include our leather, sunglass, and jewelry 
businesses, decreased 6.7% to 51.6 million, compared to 55.3 million in the prior-year quarter. Sales generated from 
European-based wholesale operations decreased 20.5% to 103.4 million, compared to 130.1 million. Other international 
sales, which consist of export sales to distributors and sales from our Canada, Mexico, and Asia-Pacific wholesale 
operations, decreased 20.2% to 52.4 million, which was compared to 65.7 million in the prior-year quarter. And finally, 
sales from our worldwide direct-to-consumer businesses grew 19.8% to $66.5 million, compared to 55.5 million. 
Gross profit margin decreased 210 basis points to 52.4% in the first quarter compared to 54.5% in the prior-year 
quarter. This decrease in gross profit margin was primarily driven by a stronger U.S. dollar, which impacted gross 
profit margin unfavorably by over 300 basis points, and also an increase in low-margins sales throughout price 
liquidation channels. Partially offsetting these decreases in margin was an increase in the sales mix of our 
higher-margin direct-to-consumer segment sales and a reduction in sales mix of low-margin shipments to third-party 
distributors. During the first quarter, as I mentioned earlier, direct-to-consumer sales increased to 20.6% of 
consolidated net sales in the first quarter. This compares to 15.5% of consolidated net sales in the prior-year quarter. 

Total operating expenses of 145.6 million are relatively flat in comparison to the prior-year quarter, and as a percentage 
of net sales increased to 45.1% compared to 40.7% in the prior-year quarter. First quarter operating expenses included a 
$9.6 million favorable impact from the translation of foreign-based expenses as a result of the stronger U.S. dollar and 

1.5 million of non-reoccurring severance charges stemming from various cost-cutting measures initiated during the first 
quarter. On a constant-dollar basis, the increase in operating expenses was principally driven by an $11.4 million 
increase from our direct-to-consumer segment as a result of our store growth in 2008. Excluding currency impact, the 
severance charges, and expenses related to the direct-to-consumer segment, operating expenses decreased by 
approximately $3 million compared to the first quarter of last year. 
Operating income decreased to 7.4% of net sales in the first quarter compared to 13.8% of net sales last year as a result 
of a decline in net sales, contraction in our gross profit margin, and higher operating expenses as a percentage of sales. 
During the first quarter, operating income was negatively impacted by approximately $14.5 million, as a result of the 
translation of foreign-based sales and expenses into U.S. dollars, as the U.S. dollar strengthened significantly in 
comparison to the prior-year quarter. 

Other income and expense increased favorably by 4.4 million during the first quarter in comparison to the prior-year 
quarter. This increase was primarily driven by foreign currency transaction gains compared to currency losses last year, 
and these gains were generated as a result of settling inventory purchases during the quarter through forward contracts 
at rates in excess of the prevailing spot rate. Partially offsetting these currency gains was a reduction in interest income 


as a result of lower average levels of invested cash and reduced yields. 

Income tax expense for the first quarter was $9.3 million, resulting in an effective tax rate of 35%, compared to 36.3% 
in the prior year. For fiscal 2009 we estimate our effective tax rate will approximate 37 to 38% excluding any discrete 
items. Net income for the first quarter decreased by 42.7% to 17.3 million or $0.26 per diluted share and included an 
unfavorable $0.07 impact as a result of the stronger U.S. dollar. 

Now turning to the balance sheet. We entered the first quarter with cash, cash equivalents, and securities available for 
sale totaling 203 million, compared to 205 million at the end of the prior-year quarter, and we had 9.3 million in total 
debt outstanding. Since the end of the first quarter last year, we purchased 2.1 million shares of our common stock for 
about $53.5 million. We've completed our repurchase plan in the fourth quarter of 2008 and currently have no open 
authorizations for future buybacks. 

Turning to inventory. Inventory at quarter-end was 285 million, representing a 7.4% increase from the prior-year 
quarter balance of 266 million and included approximately 4.5 million in inventory as a result of new store openings 
since the end of the prior-year quarter. By the end of the second quarter, we anticipate inventory growth to be in line 
with sales or less than sales growth. 

Accounts receivable decreased by 22.7% to 158.4 million, as compared to 204.8 million at the end of the prior-year 
quarter. This decrease is principally due to a reduction in wholesale shipments during the first quarter versus the prior 
year, as well as the impact of currency translations. Days sales outstanding for our wholesale segment for the first 
quarter was 54 days, which is significantly better than 61 days in the prior-year quarter. This decrease is primarily due 
to a reduction in sales mix of internationally-based sales and distributor-based sales that generally result in longer 
collection cycles than those experienced in the U.S. 

During the first quarter, we had capital expenditures totaling $5.5 million and are expecting fiscal year 2009 capital 
expenditures of 35 to 45 million. A majority of these expenditures will be related to new store openings and the 
addition of an SAP point-of-sale system for our stores, initially for our U.S., Canada, UK, and Australian locations. 
First quarter depreciation and amortization expense was $10 million, and we estimate full-year D&A of about 40 to 42 
million – as it relates to guidance for the second quarter and full year. 

As we continued to grow our retail store base and e-commerce businesses, our sales from the direct-to-consumer 
segment increased as a percentage of the total sales mix, generally benefiting our profitability in the fourth quarter, but 
unfortunately at the expense of the first and second quarter, when due to seasonality it's more difficult to leverage direct 
consumer expenses against direct-to-consumer sales. 

Additionally, as we experienced in the first quarter, net sales and operating income for our second and third quarters are 
expected to be negatively impacted in comparison to the same periods of 2008 as the U.S. dollar has strengthened 
against other major currencies since September of 2008. As a result of this and what appears to be a stabilizing yet 
challenging global retail environment, we are currently estimating reported net sales for the second quarter of fiscal 
2009 to decrease in a range of 8 to 10%, with constant-dollar sales in the range of flat to minus 2. Second quarter 
reported diluted earnings per share is expected to be in a range of 0.18 to $0.20 and includes negative currency impact 
of approximately $0.13 per share related to the stronger U.S. dollar in comparison to last year's second quarter. 

For fiscal year 2009, we are currently estimating reported net sales to decrease in a range from 5 to 8%, with 
constant-dollar sales in a range from minus 3 to positive 1. Fiscal year 2009 diluted earnings per share are expected to 
be in a range of $1.50 to $1.70, which reflects an increase to our previous guidance of $1.40 to $1.60 for the full year. 
This guidance is based upon currency rates slightly below the current prevailing rates of the U.S. dollar compared to 
other foreign currencies for countries in which we operate. 

In summary, we are pleased with the start to the first quarter. We will continue to focus on controlling costs while 
capitalizing on the unique strengths of our business model, such as our value positioning, owned global distribution, 
and compelling brands. We believe we are well positioned to gain market share in this difficult environment and 
improve our profit potential as the economy improves in the future. 


With that, I'd like to turn the call over to the operator to begin the question and answer portion of the call. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from Neely Tamminga from Piper Jaffray. Please 
go ahead with your question. 

<Q - Maria Vizuete>: Good morning, thank you. It's actually Maria for Neely. I just want to say congratulations on an 
excellent quarter. My first question is actually relating to the stabilizing trends at retail. I'm wondering if you can 
provide a little more color on this. Is this is across categories? And then I have just a couple follow-up questions. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: Well, what we have heard – good morning, by the way. In what 
we heard from a lot of our customer base is – the word that keeps coming out over and over again is some stability. 
And I think that as we went through the fourth quarter and to some degree the first quarter, there was so much emphasis 
on inventory. And I think that put a lot of pressure on the business obviously. And what we're hearing is that the 
de-stocking, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, looks to be primarily over as far as being a big deal going 
forward. 

We think that while sales have been very tough, the inventories are more in line with sales right now, and that people 
sense some sort of a bottom, and that they hope to have the stability going forward. I don't think anybody is predicting 
any great sales growth right now or anybody sees great visibility still. But they are feeling like the dark days may be a 
little bit more behind them. And we're hearing this kind of on a across-the-board basis from pretty much all the major 
customers that we do business with in most of the categories, some of the categories are still a little tougher than others, 
but we feel like we're in a better way right now. 

<Q - Maria Vizuete>: Great, thank you. And then I'm wondering if you can provide some color on insider trading 
we've seen recently. And what is the status of the current 10b5 plan? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Hey Maria, this is Mike 
Kovar. Kosta has completed his latest 10b5 plan and does not anticipate filing another plan in the near term. Obviously, 
that is based upon prevailing market conditions that seem to be a little more positive than they were three months ago 
when he started that plan. Tom has approximately I think 600,000 shares outstanding under his last 10b5 plan, and 
based upon 144 restrictions, he should be through that plan in the next several weeks. 

<Q - Maria Vizuete>: Great, thank you. And then I have just one additional question. Could you provide an update on 
the women's footwear launch? Is that still set to go for fall? 

<A>: The women's footwear launch is still scheduled to go in fall. As you know, our practice with new launches is to 
take them very cautiously, course-correct product assortments as we go, and we are very much on track to do that. 

<Q - Maria Vizuete>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. And the next question comes from Robin Murchison from SunTrust. Please go ahead with your question. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: Thank you very much. Good morning. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: Good morning. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: And I have several questions here. So let me start first on MICHELE. I wanted to ask you 
about the handbag and eyewear effort. It looked like the website had quite a bit of product on sale. So what do you – 
how is that handbag effort going especially, and what do you see there, please? 


<A>: Well, let's start with the handbag effort. I would say to you that the first launch of handbags, we were probably at 
a price point that was a little higher than we should have been. So what we're now seeing performance on is our second 
delivery, sweet spots in average retail 495, 595. And the early performance on that second delivery, it's been out in the 
stores for about the last two to three weeks, Robin. We're seeing in the neighborhood of 7% sell-throughs on the total 
new collection, with some of the stronger styles ranging up into double-digit performance. So we're very pleased with 
the slight repositioning we've done in pricing and the reaction we've had at the customer level. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: Okay, and the sunglasses, sort of a similar thing? 

<A>: Exactly a similar thing. There was a very significant repositioning in terms of pricing. So what you might have 
seen on the website would've been first delivery that required repricing. We are through all of that goods now. The new 
sweet spot on sunglasses would be in the 150 to 250 range. And similarly, in what is a difficult product category across 
the board right now, we are experiencing very solid sell-throughs. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: Good, it sounds like a good place to be. Also as long as I'm on product, can you elaborate a 
little bit on your men's – your testing of men's shoes, what you saw, what you learned in the spring? 

<A>: Yeah. We also were, I'd say, fairly satisfied with the performance of our men's footwear assortment. Once again, 
in a relatively small number of doors, sell-throughs on a weekly basis ranged, depending on the corporate group, 
anywhere from mid-3's to 6 to 7% a week. If there's a learning from it, I think our price point strategy is largely correct, 
but on a go-forward basis we will continue to emphasize the casual component of it rather than the dressier component 
of it, as that's where we've had the greatest success and our retail partners feel the greatest opportunity for expansion is. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: Okay. And, Mike Kovar, for you, the language in the press release about effective tax rate 
for the balance of the year, 37 to 38% excluding any discrete events. Just sort of wondering if you would elaborate on 
what constitutes a discrete event – and maybe that includes some of this proposed Obama – whatever Obama's going to 
do with tax rates on the multi-nationals – how you guys are dealing with that or thinking about that? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Yeah, I think we're 
probably a little bit too early to discern anything out of the administration's perspective on what's happening with 
multi-nationals and corporate tax rates. That is not included in our effective guidance for the balance of this year. 

What a discrete event basically is, Robin, is the tax provision is done based upon the actual results for the completed 
period plus a forecast of the remainder of the year results to come up with a provision based upon the income coming 
from a number of different jurisdictions that have different effective tax rates. A discrete event would be anything that 
wasn't contemplated in that calculation of the provision, and it generally has to do with settlements of open audits. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: Okay. And then lastly, I just wanted to see if you would speak to the difference in 
performance, FOSSIL brand versus RELIC brand. We're hearing – there's a lot of talk and chatter in the consumer 
discretionary markets these days about trade-down. And while your FOSSIL brand is not – well, I'll state it this way. 
Your FOSSIL brand is actually, is very competitively priced. Just wondering if you guys feel like you're seeing some 
sort of trade-down effect from FOSSIL to RELIC? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, I don't think there's a trade-down to RELIC. RELIC's 
performance is based on couple things: That channel is doing pretty well, and also the product has looked exceptionally 
good right now, especially in the handbag side. So I think we're doing well because of the product issue. 

There is obviously a big push towards value. And in this kind of turbulent market, FOSSIL is somewhat of a strong 
backbone to a lot of stores' business. And we actually are seeing increasing distribution in FOSSIL. For example, 
FOSSIL watches has been out of Nordstrom pretty much for the last several years as they move towards our more 
expensive brands, MICHELE, KORS, DIESEL, DKNY, Zodiac, et cetera. They have moved FOSSIL out of the back – 
out to the back and out the door, quite honestly. And they've just recently put it back in, and it's doing very well. And 
actually they've added jewelry, FOSSIL jewelry, that's doing very well in their store. And we also are going to have 
leather goods in there, have some now and more coming, that – we've never had leather goods in Nordstrom before. 


So this kind of focus on value really bodes well, I think, across the globe for FOSSIL. It's kind of a safe haven for sales, 
and now that the brand is getting stronger – you can tell from our comps and our global business – now that the brand is 
getting stronger, and is positioned in this modern, vintage, more lifestyle arena, we're getting more opportunities to go 
into places like Nordstrom, et cetera, with not only better product, great value, but a better brand positioning also. And 
I think that's helping us a quite a bit, and it's going to be a huge opportunity long-term. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: Yeah. Excellent execution, guys. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. And the next question comes from Anna Andreeva from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead with your question. 

<Q - Anna Andreeva>: Thank you so much. Good morning. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: Good morning, Anna. 

<Q - Anna Andreeva>: I was wondering if you guys could talk about European wholesale results. I understand the 
currency impact, but organically it looks like things slowed from, what, up 3% in the fourth quarter to down 6. So any 
color you could give us there? Maybe what's going on in your more mature markets? I recall Germany was already 
challenging last quarter, so did that further slow? How was the UK business for you? And what is embedded in your 
guidance for Europe wholesale for the rest of the year? That's my first question. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Well, hi, Anna, this is 
Mike. We obviously saw things slow down in Europe – continue to slow down during the first quarter. The more 
mature markets were the toughest ones, clearly. And I think as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, the distribution 
markets were especially tough for us. The third-party distributors that we do business with – fortunately, much less 
business than a lot of our competitors do – was really tough out there. These guys are generally, they don't have the 
strong balance sheets, they're generally smaller companies doing distribution. And when times get tough and they get 
over-inventoried, their business gets really tough, and they have to kind of shut off the receipts and get things back in 
line before they can continue moving again. So the third-party distribution was the slowest part of our business. 

The more mature markets were next, and then of course the less mature markets weren't hit quite as hard. There was 
also a lot of our business in – the southern part of Europe seemed to be a little bit weaker. For whatever reason, the 
Spanish market economically probably took a much tougher brunt of the bad economy than most of the other Western 
European markets did. So that business was tough as well. 

On the positive note, I have gotten a lot of color from the markets from our managing directors and our senior 
management over there. And they're starting to see things turn around a little bit. I've had some positive responses from 
the UK on how things are looking there right now. And as well I've seen that even though they expected to continue to 
have declines in Germany, that it hasn't been as bad as perhaps they thought it might get. So whether that holds or not 
we'll see, but that's kind of the situation as we see it in Europe right now. 

<Q - Anna Andreeva>: Okay, got you. So what should we expect for Europe, at least organically, in your guidance for 
the rest of the year? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: I think as we said, Anna, 
in February, we're not expecting any significant growth in our wholesale businesses around the world given the 
prevailing environment. We think there's obviously some opportunity in Q4 based upon the fact that we're going to 
anniversary when all of this mess started. But we're still planning our wholesale business as down. 

I would say the one exception to that is our subsidiary markets in Asia-Pacific, which we saw a little over a 7% 
increase in Q1, are still performing quite nicely. And we've got some new businesses that are helping the growth there 
in the form of China, India, and Korea. And in a number of other markets in that region, we're still not up to the 
penetration levels that we have in Europe and in the U.S. 


However, if you look at our distributor markets, as Mike talked about, that business represents roughly 13% of our total 
sales. And during the first quarter, it was down about $13 million. So it was a pretty significant chunk of the sales 
decline as it relates to our international wholesale operations. And we only expect that to improve slightly as we go into 
the balance of – or as we move into Q2. And hopefully by the time we get to the back half of the year, their inventories 
will be much better aligned for taking on some new receipt flow. 

<Q - Anna Andreeva>: Okay, got you. So on the other international bucket, you mentioned Asia-Pac was better, so 
the down 14 organically, sounds like things could be a little better as we get through the year? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Yeah, maybe slightly 
better. The only – we've had some challenges in Mexico recently with everything going on with the H1 virus. As you 
know, Mexico shut its own self down for a week right before Mother's Day, which obviously will impact our second 
quarter. We expect things will stabilize there over time as well as we get through this. But that's kind of our outlook on 
it right now. 

<Q - Anna Andreeva>: Okay, great, got you. And your direct-to-consumer segment, obviously you guys are 
out-comping most retailers out there. Can you talk about what are you assuming for comps for the second quarter and 
the rest of '09, hopefully globally and also in the U.S.? And I think you mentioned the second quarter started off strong. 
Any more color there? 

<A - Jennifer Pritchard>: Yeah, for second quarter, we anticipate that our comps will be – right now global comps on 
a constant-dollar basis will be flat to last year. And obviously by the comment that Kosta made in his remarks, we've 
seen a high single-digit comp trend come out of the month of April globally. For the year, we anticipate on a 
constant-dollar basis about a 2.2% comp store growth. 

<Q - Anna Andreeva>: Okay. Good. And finally, just given the strong cash position, any thoughts on the buyback? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: As we said in the 
prepared remarks, we've currently exhausted all open buybacks, but we'll obviously review our cash for any 
opportunities that are out there as we move forward, but have not committed at this point to any future buybacks. 

<Q - Anna Andreeva>: Okay, got you. Thanks so much. Good luck, guys. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Thanks, Anna. 

Operator 

Thank you. And the next question comes from Ronald Bookbinder from Global Hunter. Please go ahead with your 
question. 

<Q - Ron Bookbinder>: First of all, congratulations on a strong quarter given the environment. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Thanks, Ron. 

<Q - Ron Bookbinder>: I was wondering, given your improving performance and the stability that you're beginning to 
see in the environment and the strength of your balance sheet, have you considered taking advantage of the real estate 
market and revisit your store growth plans going forward? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: Well, we've been watching that environment very closely, and as 
you know, we're opening most of our stores this year in Europe, because we see favorable locations and deals there. 
What we are kind of sensing in the United States is that the market for real estate here maybe is not as realistic yet as it 
might be later and so we're taking advantage of that. We don't need to necessarily open stores in the United States and 
push it; we can move to other places and be opportunistic. So our sense is that potentially we might be in a better 
position a little later, and we're taking that approach. 


<Q - Ron Bookbinder>: And what sort of a difference in rents are you seeing in stores now compared to a year or so 
ago? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: Well, we're obviously seeing – in the United States – we're 
seeing them get more realistic. We just don't know if they're realistic enough yet. And having that situation plus the 
economic environment in the United States with less traffic, et cetera, we're just kind of taking a wait-and-see 
approach. We have a big opportunity in the United States in the stores we've opened here in the last 18 months or so, to 
make them better and stronger, and that's what we're focused on right now. And so that is a – we're making some 
progress on that, and when that occurs, that's going to be a big plus for us. 

As you see, we're getting a very strong response in comps in Europe. Our retail business there is very, very strong, and 
so it's a big opportunity. And it's – in this environment, even though it's somewhat more difficult in Europe, our 
predictability over there in some of the markets are all [inaudible] very, very strong, and we're pushing that market. It is 
a very significant long-term opportunity for the Company to be pushing in Europe and building the brand the way we 
are and getting the kind of brand penetration in all of our categories, giving us opportunities to, as we said in the 
prepared remarks, to push international – or leather goods into the wholesale market in Europe as well. So we're 
making a very strong foothold in Europe that's going to pay off dividends for a long time to come. 

<Q - Ron Bookbinder>: Okay. And you talked about a reduction in shipments to third-party distributors that generate 
lower gross profit margins. Was that planned, and should we expect benefits from that to continue going forward? 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Well, I mean obviously, we didn't plan to have 
reduced shipments to our distributors. We would've liked to had a better business there. But it's just the toughest part of 
the business right now. When things change so quickly – they had the same situation that a lot of our retail partners had 
where they over-inventoried, they overbought. They tend to buy – distributors tend to buy more in chunks than they do 
on a constant flow basis. And so once they bought the inventory, they had to work through the fourth quarter and the 
first quarter to kind of get things back in line. I think regarding how it affects our margins, Mike, you want to speak to 
that? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Yeah, our margins with 
our distributor partners are well below our consolidated margins. We generally average in the 35 to 40% range, selling 
to a third-party distributor. And that varies across each of our brands. But to Mike's point, we do expect that business to 
improve from the performance we saw in the second – or in the first quarter. That business, just to give you a data 
point, Ron, was actually down about 30% year-over-year. And we feel like they've had a chance to get through some of 
the inventory that was ordered in advance of kind of this whole environment changing around them. The other thing is, 
in some of these markets with the U.S. dollar strengthening, it's raised the cost of purchasing for them as well, which is 
part of the problem. 

<Q - Ron Bookbinder>: So when you look at across your customers, who do you feel is in a better position 
inventory-wise, the department stores or your distributors? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Well, I'll let somebody 
else answer that question, but I will call out that the distributor markets only represent about 11% of our global sales. 
So 89% of our business is still done through our own distribution channels. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: I think as far as the inventory position of our 
retail partners and our distributors, everybody got themselves really into the same situation, ourselves included. As you 
recall, we had a double-digit increase in inventory at the end of the year last year. And as we said, we would get down 
to a single – high-single-digits, and we got a little bit below that at the end of the first quarter. And by the – into the 
second quarter, that we're halfway through now, we feel like we will be completely in position, so that our inventories 
will be at or below the sales growth or decline. 

But I think that most of the people that I've talked to, from retail partners, as well as talking to our distribution partners, 
everybody had the same situation, and I would say it's kind of an across-the-board situation, that most people feel like 
the inventories are pretty much in line now with the sales, or pretty close to it. So I think that the worst part of the 


de-stocking effort that was kind of a global thing is pretty much over. And I think that people are buying in line with 
trend right now and that we should not see significant de-stocking going forward. 

Now, I don't expect for them to significantly increase their inventories during the second quarter either, because it's just 
not one of the strongest quarters for our business. And the second half bodes for a much better opportunity for 
increased sales and increased inventories going forward. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: You know, there is one structural difference in that a retailer has 
to have a certain amount of inventory on their shelves available for sale. A distributor theoretically can get their 
inventory down to zero. And they can send us an order, we could ship it to them, and they could ship to their customer. 
They don't need to carry inventory necessarily. 

<Q - Ron Bookbinder>: Okay. You talked about the strengthening opening price points. What exactly did you mean 
by that? Are you taking price points lower, and how does that impact gross margin? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: Well, as we mentioned in the case of MICHELE, even the luxury 
channel is looking at price points differently. They've lowered their opening price in a lot of categories, so it's a couple 
of things. One is that, in some categories like in MICHELE and other businesses, we've actually made the opening 
price lower. So if you look at all our businesses globally, potentially there could be some opening prices that move 
down. And additionally to that, there are some businesses where what we've done is just focused on that opening price. 
Like for – in Armani, for example, we have a group of watches that are very, very strong, that are $175. So potentially 
what we've done is strengthen that, put more of those in the stores, put signs in the cases, and really just kind of 
identify, clearly, to the customer that we have this great price point. And so it's a combination of two things. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Hey, Ron, and on the 
margin question. We've had very little repricing of existing inventory. Most of the stuff that we're looking at 
strengthening the opening price point has been engineered for a normal margin. 

<Q - Ron Bookbinder>: Okay. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: I would add to that comment, because 
sometimes there's a misconception here. The way we engineer our product, our margins are pretty consistent from 
opening price point all the way up. We don't take a lower margin on our opening price point products. 

<Q - Ron Bookbinder>: Okay, great. Thank you very much, and continued success. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Thanks, Ron. 

<A>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. And the next question comes from Kelly Duval from BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your 
question. Hello, Ms. Duval, your line is open. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: Next. 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And the next question comes from Barbara Wyckoff from Guerilla 
Capital Management. Please go ahead with your question. 

<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: Hi, everyone, good job in a tough environment. Can you hear me? 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Yes we can. 


<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, Barbara. 

<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: Okay. I have a couple of questions. Can you talk about the size of the jewelry opportunity 
worldwide, say over the next five years? And then the second question, question for Jennifer, I guess, and Mike 
together, a comment on the four-wall run rate of the new stores, would have been – what's that been for the stores that's 
been open one year versus expectations? And then I guess for Kosta, in first quarter, it was better than expected, but 
what could you have done better in retrospect? Were there missed opportunities? 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: I'll take the four-wall run rate question. As we 
talked about earlier, Barbara, there's a reason we're looking at expanding our footprint outside the United States, 
specifically in Europe, a lot faster than in the U.S., and that's because the performance we're seeing in those stores are 
outperforming our expectations. As we've talked about, our year one four-wall pre-tax contribution has to clear a 15% 
target threshold, and we're finding that to be the case in Europe. As we've stated in the past couple of calls, we're not 
seeing that level of performance in our U.S.-based stores. 

Jennifer and her team have a great operational strategy within the door environment to improve that performance over 
time. You want to add something, Jennifer? Go ahead. 

<A - Jennifer Pritchard>: And that initiative seem to be working well. We've improved the running rate. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: So 


<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: Great. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: – given that we're not seeing the same types of 
deals, as Kosta mentioned, in the U.S. for great real estate as we are in Europe, and the fact that our stores in the U.S. 
that we opened in the last 12 to 18 months hadn't been as profitable as those in Europe, we'll continue to look outside 
the United States for expansion, but continue to work on bettering the performance of our U.S. stores. 

<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: Okay. The jewelry question? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, the jewelry business, as you know, we've been in there 
about five year starting with FOSSIL in Europe, very successful, grew very fast. As we always talk about it, it's kind of 
an add-on to our watch business globally. It's basically sold to the same channels, same kind of branded situation, same 
characteristics for profitability and supply chain, and it leverages all of our infrastructure, including our brands. 

So, as you know, we've done very well with FOSSIL, added on Armani, DIESEL is doing well, DKNY in Europe is off 
to a good start. And there potentially long-term could be additional brands. We also have been successful bringing that 
jewelry to the United States, the accessory FOSSIL jewelry, and that's doing very well. So we think long-term, it's part 
of an add-on to our watch business that's going to continue to grow. 

The other thing that we've talked about in the past is that increasingly the global watch and the global jewelry business 
is there's a demand for brands in that business. And I think that's going to bode well for our future in jewelry as well. 
But we are continuing to think that that's a big opportunity long-term for us. 

In terms of your question of what we could've done better. Well, that's a very good question. We could've done a lot of 
things better. We do see a lot of opportunities out there. The one thing I would say is the Company did I think a 
fantastic job responding to the environment when we saw it happening. Across the entire Company globally, everyone 
pretty much jumped very quickly, cut expenses, got as efficient as possible, really trying to ride out this environment 
and put ourselves in a position where we have a big opportunity. 

What we're seeing I think is as this environment stabilizes a bit, we're seeing opportunities for the Company in many 
different areas, and we think that as the environment changes and consumers start to go back to the stores – and there's 
going to be some capacity taken out the market, I think, which is going to be to our benefit, we are going to do very 
well. 


It's interesting also that some of our competitors are having a hard time. And some of them, in fact, one in the United 
States, one of our watch competitors, their response to the environment was to cut their entire design team, while we're 
focused on more innovation, more product, more design, more strong branding. I mean, we really through this 
environment have not changed our business model. We're continuing to invest in the future. We're building stores in 
Europe, we're continuing to work on the brand. We're getting even more aggressive with web activity and pushing that 
across the globe and continuing to just push our business model as fast as we can and be very aggressive on the 
environment, while getting as efficient as we can. So we think long-term we're in a great position. 

<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. And the next question is a follow-up question from Kelly Duval. Please go ahead with your question, 
madam. Ms. Duval, if your secrecy button is on please ensure that you take that off. 

Okay. Thank you, and the next question comes from Richard Greenblatt from America Capital. Please go ahead with 
your question. And Mr. Greenblatt has now withdrawn his question. [Operator Instructions] 

And we have a follow-up question from Mr. Ronald Bookbinder from Global Hunter. Please go ahead with your 
question. 

<Q - Ron Bookbinder>: Sure. Could you just talk a bit about the global e-commerce? You had talked in the fall about 
ramping up the German website. How is that going? Are you expanding to more countries? If you could just give us 
some color please? 

<A>: The performance out of the German website has been exceptionally strong. It has grown to a percent of total of 
about a quarter of what the U.S. website is currently doing, but we're seeing very strong double-digit increases, and we 
expect an improvement of that platform as we update the U.S. site as well. 

Other international sites have had smaller volume contribution, but we're starting to see some fairly good growth rates 
coming out of them. We want to, in typical Fossil fashion, get those up and running at their healthiest before we 
continue to expand international sites. But the next one we do have on board would be Canada. We think that's a logical 
addition for us, where our brand is well known, and we expect good performance out of that additional site. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: Ron, one thing you might know is that several years ago I guess 
we invested in a very expensive global web platform that is going to enable us to take these websites, e-commerce sites, 
global and they handle multiple currencies and multiple languages. So it was a very big initial investment, and it's put 
us in a position where we're going to be able penetrate these markets pretty well. 

We also, I think, have a huge opportunity to move forward in the United States, in fact we're going to be installing the 
latest 3.0 this year, which will make our site even more dynamic and that'll very quickly go to the rest of the world as 
well. So we think it's a big long-term opportunity for us. Not only in sales, but in marketing, we get – it's our biggest 
marketing vehicle. We do more online customer acquisition than we do in any other form. And that's going to be a big 
continuing process. 

So we have a situation where penetrating the world with stores, adding on websites, and potentially catalogues going 
outside the United States, we have kind of a three-pronged vehicle of brand-building across the world that is also a 
profitable business as well. So we think we're in a great position on that. 

<Q - Ron Bookbinder>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. There appear to be no further questions. Please continue with any further points you wish to raise. 


Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and 
Treasurer 

Thank you, Johnny. Should you want to replay this conference call, it has been recorded and will be available from 10 

a.m. Central time today until 12 midnight Central time tomorrow, by calling either 303-590-3030 or 1-800-406-7325 
and entering reservation number 4062328 followed by the pound sign. Again, those numbers are 303-590-3030 or 
800-406-7325 reservation number 4062328. This conference call has also been recorded by StreetEvents and may be 
accessed through StreetEvents' website at www.streetevents.com or directly through our website at fossil.com by 
clicking on Investor Relations on our homepage and then on webcasts. 
Finally, should you have any questions that did not get addressed today, please give myself or Mike Barnes a call. 
Thanks again for joining us today. Our next scheduled conference call will be in August for the release of our 2009 
second quarter operating results. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the first quarter 2009 conference call. Thank you for participating, and you may 
now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


