Q3 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Allison C. Malkin, Senior Managing Director, ICR Inc. 
• Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
• Mike L. Kovar, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President 
• Mark Quick 
Other Participants 

• Neely Tamminga 
• Matthew McClintock 
• Scott Krasik 
• Anna Andreeva 
• Eric Beder 
• Robin Murchison 
• Ron Bookbinder 
• Taposh Bari 
• Barbara Wyckoff 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Fossil Inc. Third Quarter Fiscal 2010 
Earnings Conference Call. During today's presentation all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the 
presentation, the conference will be open for questions. [Operator Instructions] 

This conference is being recorded today, Tuesday, November 9th, 2010. 

I would now like to turn the conference over to Allison Malkin with ICR. Please go ahead, ma'am. 

Allison C. Malkin, Senior Managing Director, ICR Inc. 

Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Before we begin, you should be aware that during this conference call certain 
discussions will contain forward-looking information. Actual results could differ materially from those that will be 
projected during these discussions. Fossil's policy on forward-looking statements and additional information 
concerning a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements is readily 
available on our Form 10-K and 10-Q reports filed with the SEC. 

In addition, Fossil undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a 
result of new information, future events or otherwise. If any non-GAAP financial measure is used on this call, a 
presentation of the most direct comparable GAAP financial measure and the reconciliation of this non-GAAP financial 
measure to GAAP will be provided as supplemental financial information to this release under the earnings release 
section under the Investor Relations heading on Fossil's Web site. Please note that you may listen to a live webcast or a 
replay of this call by visiting Fossil's Web site and then clicking on Investor Relations at the bottom of the home page 
and then on webcast. 


As a matter of course this morning, the call will begin with prepared remarks from Fossil's CEO, Kosta Kartsotis, and 
CFO, Mike Kovar, after which they and other members of Fossil's executive team will be pleased to take your 
questions. 

Now, I would like to turn the call over to Fossil's CEO, Kosta Kartsotis. 

Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Allison. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining the call today. With us today are Mike Kovar, our 
CFO; Mark Quick, our Vice Chairman; and Jennifer Pritchard, our President of Retail. 

Notably absent this morning is our President and COO, Mike Barnes, who as you know is leaving Fossil after 25 years 
to be the CEO of the Signet Group. We will all miss Mike and wish him well in his next venture. 

Now turning to our Q3 performance, the quarter clearly shows the positive results from the many initiatives we have 
shared with you in the past. We have increased our efforts toward design and innovation, toward brand building, 
geographic expansion and on improving our financial position. We have aligned our resources around our two core 
business units, the Fossil brand and our multi-brand Watch businesses and both have kicked into a higher gear. 

We are seeing increasing momentum in both areas, and we now believe the upside opportunities for both of these are 
larger than we thought just a short while ago. The Fossil brand with its increase in awareness and its unique positioning 
is a huge long-term global opportunity as a head to toe lifestyle brand. And our multi-brand global Watch business is 
also in a unique position to gain market share in a category that is in a significant cyclical upturn. 

As a result of these things, we again reported record results, which even by our measures surpassed our expectations. 
Some of our highlights for the third quarter included: the company had a 40% increase in consolidated net sales, 
measured in constant currency reaching $524 million. Just as a reference point, this is the highest percentage increase 
we've had in any quarter over the last 13 years. 

Other highlights are the global watch sales increased 49%. We had double-digit growth in our Leathers business led by 
women's handbags, which were up 19% in North America. Our jewelry wholesale shipments increased 44% with a 
59%, 38% and 54% increase in North America, Europe and Asia Pac, respectively. Our North American-based 
wholesale shipments increased 50%. 

Our European-based wholesale shipments increased 34% led by our four largest countries, Germany, the U.K., France 
and Italy. And Asia Pac-based wholesale shipments increased 44% given by a more than doubling of our business in 
Korea and strong double-digit growth throughout all our other markets. 

Again back to our two core businesses. The Fossil brand is doing extremely well all over the world. Our objective has 
been to give the brand a more focused point of view and to communicate this globally through our stores, web and 
catalog. To that end, we have accelerated our marketing efforts and will be increasing our catalog mailings from 11 
million last year to 20 million this year and taking it global. 

We also have dramatically increased our web exposure globally and will continue to ramp this up with additional 
search, social media and CRM initiatives into next year. We also plan to accelerate our Fossil store openings next year 
and are working on that now. 

Fossil brand highlights during the third quarter include the following: A 28% increase in Fossil brand sales globally; a 
35% sales increase in Fossil watches worldwide; a 20% increase in global comp store sales in our own retail following 
a 6.4% comp increase in the third quarter of last year. We also had a 19% increase in global comp store sales in our 
Fossil accessories store; the U.S. and Asia Pac were both up 25% and Europe was up 12%. 

We had a 20% comp store sales increase in our outlet stores and generated record gross margins. We had a 63% 
increase in e-commerce sales on top of a 7% gain last year, which was led by a 59% and 79% increase in the U.S. and 


Germany, respectively. And on a trailing 12-month basis, we recorded net sales per foot of $635 versus $516 last year 
in our stores. 

As to our overall Watch business, continued innovation featuring new materials and platforms across all our brands has 
resonated with customers seeking new and exciting looks in watches. Our positive trend in this category is being 
magnified by a favorable cycle in watches which started in the United States at the end of last year and which we 
believe is still in its early phase. 

Additionally, sales trends we are witnessing on a global basis lead us to believe that this favorable cycle is extending 
well beyond the United States. Retailers have definitely taken notice of the trend by placing more emphasis on the 
category. This is manifesting itself in more retail space being allocated to watches, increased open to buy, larger 
marketing initiatives and an additional allocation of staff to service the watch customer. 

As a result, we were able to achieve the following third-quarter highlights in our Watch business. North America-based 
wholesale watch shipments increased 74%, including sales gains of at least 30% across all our brands. Europe-based 
wholesale shipments increased 34% with broad-based growth across all Fossil and licensed brands. And Asia 
Pac-based wholesale watch shipments increased 44% with strong double-digit growth across each of our major brands. 

With nearly all cylinders firing, our increasing profits have afforded us the opportunity to invest more aggressively in 
global marketing, which has resulted in a further acceleration of sales and market share gains. Based on the positive 
results to date, we intend on increasing our marketing spend in the fourth quarter of this year. 

Our profitability for the third quarter was highlighted by a 93% increase in operating income, an almost doubling of our 
earnings per share, and us reaching an operating margin of 21% for the quarter. We also have gotten to an operating 
margin of 17% year-to-date, which as you know has been a significant objective of the company. 

In summary, there are a lot of exciting things and important initiatives going on throughout the company. Although we 
were up against a very solid performance during the holiday season last year, we are expecting a strong fourth quarter 
in 2010. Our growth initiatives are working well. The Fossil brand is growing dramatically and we are utilizing our 
strength and capital resources to accelerate our growth and profitability. 

Given our strong balance sheet and cash flow, we have acquired as of today $130 million of Fossil stock out of our 
recent $750 million buyback authorization, of which 57 million had been completed by the end of the third quarter. It is 
our intent to purchase another $100 million by the time we announce our fourth quarter and full-year results in 
February. 

Before turning the call over to Mike, we would like to thank all of our Fossil team members and partners globally for 
their collective spirit and their ongoing pursuit of excellence. Mike? 

Mike L. Kovar, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice 
President 

Thanks, Kosta. I'll start off by summarizing our third quarter 2010 versus 2009 results from this morning's press 
release. Net sales increased 37.4% to 523.8 million compared to 381.4 million. Gross profit rose 41.8% to 298.7 
million compared to 210.7 million. Gross profit margin increased 170 basis points to 57% compared to 55.3%. 

Operating income increased 94% to 111.3 million or 21.2% of net sales compared to 57.4 million or 15% of net sales. 
Net income increased 93.2% to 68.2 million compared to 35.3 million and diluted earnings per share increased 92.3% 
to $1 on 68 million shares compared to $0.52 on 67.4 million shares. 

The sales mix breakdown for the third quarter with comparable prior year levels was as follows: 39.6% from North 
American wholesale activities versus 36.3%; 26.2% from Europe wholesale activities versus 29.2%; 11.6% from 
Asia-Pac wholesale activities versus 10.5; and 22.6% from worldwide direct to consumer businesses versus 24%. 


The 37.4% increase in reported net sales for the third quarter consisted of the following increases by segment. Sales 
from our North America Wholesale business, which include our operating activities in the U.S., Canada and Mexico, as 
well as sales to our third party partners in South America, grew by 69.2 million or 50% to 207.7 million. 

Excluding about 600,000 from favorable currency comparisons to Q3 last year, North America sales increased by 
49.6%. Sales from our Europe Wholesale operations increased by 25.9 million or 23.3% to 137 million. Excluding 
currency that unfavorably impacted sales by $4.4 million in comparison to Q3 last year, Europe sales grew by 34.5%. 

Sales from our Asia-Pacific Wholesale operations increased by 20.8 million or 51.9% to 60.9 million, and excluding 
currency that favorably impacted sales by 3.1 million in comparison to Q3 last year, Asia-Pac sales grew by 44.1%. 
And sales from our Direct to Consumer businesses increased by 26.5 million or 28.9% to 118.2 million and excluding 
currency that unfavorably impacted sales by approximately 1.3 million, Direct to Consumer sales increased by 30.4%. 

Globally we ended the quarter with 358 stores and occupied 629,000 square feet compared to 616,000 at the end of 
2009. This included 226 full priced accessory stores, 123 of which were located outside of North America and 91 outlet 
locations including 20 outside of North America. Additionally, we ended the quarter with 31 clothing stores and 10 
multi-brand stores. 

This compares to 342 stores at the end of the prior-year third quarter including 208 full priced accessory stores, of 
which 109 were outside of North America and 88 outlet stores including 13 outside of North America plus 33 clothing 
stores and 13 multi-brand stores. During the third quarter, we opened 11 new doors and closed seven. For the fourth 
quarter, we plan on opening an additional eight doors, primarily under the full priced accessory concept leaving us with 
366 doors at the end of the year. 

As a result of increased net sales and gross margin expansion, gross profit increased by 41.8% to 298.7 million in the 
third quarter in comparison to 210.7 million in the prior-year quarter. Gross profit margin increased by 170 basis points 
to 57% compared to 55.3% in the prior-year quarter. The 170 basis point increase was primarily driven by an increase 
in the mix of sales of higher-margin watch products in comparison to leather products, including a greater mix of 
higher-margin licensed watch brands. 

Additionally, component costs associated with some of the new materials that are driving the Watch business are 
slightly less expensive than that of the typical stainless steel bracelet or leather strap watch and we've been able to 
maintain retail prices on these styles and in many cases even raise prices. In comparison to Q3 last year, a slightly 
stronger U.S. dollar unfavorably impacted our third quarter gross profit margin by approximately 75 basis points. 

For Q4, we expect gross profit margin to increase by a minimum of 100 basis points in comparison to Q3 levels. We 
expect our product mix to remain consistent with that of Q3 but will benefit from a greater percentage of direct to 
consumer sales during the holiday quarter. 

We are aware that there has been some concern recently about input costs increasing. And like everyone else, we are 
experiencing some labor costs increases in China, and prices for certain materials such as leather are increasing as well. 
However, labor costs are not a significant component to the overall production costs of a watch and we are confident 
that we can work around other input cost increases without any material negative impact to our existing margin 
structures. 

Our higher-than-expected net sales increase including the 19.9% comparable store sales increase in our retail stores 
group in the third quarter resulted in operating expenses expressed as a percentage of net sales to decrease to 35.8% 
compared to 40.2% in the prior-year quarter. 

In absolute dollar terms, operating expenses in the third quarter increased by 34.1 million as compared to Q3 last year 
and included a $2.4 million favorable reduction from the translation of foreign-based expenses as a result of a stronger 

U.S. dollar. In constant dollar terms, operating expenses in our Wholesale segments, Direct to Consumer segment and 
corporate cost areas increased by $20.8 million, $6.6 million and $9.1 million, respectively compared to the prior-year 
quarter. 

At a line item level, the increase was primarily related to marketing and compensation costs, but we also experienced 
certain variable cost increases as a result of the 37.4% increase in net sales. Additionally, the strong comp sales 
performance in our retail stores resulted in a more than 800 basis point improvement in SG&A leverage in this 
segment. 

As it relates to Q4, with normalizing our spend and certain expense areas back to 2008 levels, and upgrading certain IT 
applications, as well as committing an additional $12 million in marketing to further build global awareness primarily 
for the Fossil brand, we expect that SG&A expenses as a percentage of sales will be slightly higher than last year's 
levels. However, the improvement in gross margin is expected to offset this investment thus resulting in operating 
margin at or slightly above the level experienced in the prior-year quarter. 

Operating income increased to 21.2% of net sales in the third quarter compared to 15% of net sales in the prior-year 
quarter, and this resulted from increased net sales, gross profit margin expansion and a decrease in operating expenses 
as a percentage of sales. During the third quarter, operating income was negatively impacted by approximately $7.4 
million resulting from the translation of foreign-based sales and expenses into U.S. dollars. 

Q3 other income and expense remained relatively unchanged from the prior-year quarter. Foreign currency transaction 
losses from mark to market and hedging activities improved from last year's levels but were offset by an increase in net 
income attributable to non-controlling interests. 

Income tax expense for the third quarter was 39.8 million resulting in an effective tax rate of 36.9%. And for the 
comparable prior-year quarter, income tax expense of 18.8 million resulted in an effective tax rate of 34.8%. The 
prior-year quarter ETR was favorably impacted by a reduction in certain federal income tax liabilities, while the current 
quarter rate included certain discrete events that resulted in a slightly higher rate. 

We are estimating our fourth-quarter effective tax rate at 35%, reflecting the structural rate of the company. This rate 
does not include any additional discrete events. Finally, third-quarter net income increased by 93.2% to 68.2 million or 
$1 per diluted share and this was inclusive of an unfavorable $0.05 diluted share impact related to the stronger U.S. 
dollar and compares to 35.3 million or $0.52 per diluted share in the prior-year quarter. 

Now turning to the balance sheet. We ended the third quarter with cash, cash equivalents and securities available for 
sale totaling 371.6 million compared to 306.7 million at the end of Q3 2009, and we have 8.4 million in total debt. 
During the third quarter, we completed the $20 million share buyback approved by our Board of Directors during the 
second quarter of fiscal 2010 by investing approximately 8.8 million to repurchase approximately 235,000 shares. 

Additionally, on August 30th, 2010, we entered into a 10b5-1 plan for the purpose of purchasing $130 million of our 
outstanding common stock pursuant to the $750 million authorization by our Board in August. We completed the 
repurchase of all 130 million of common stock under this program, representing approximately 2.4 million shares as of 
November 4th, 2010. And as Kosta mentioned, with approximately 57.1 million or 1.1 million shares being purchased 
during the third quarter. 

The inventory at the end of the third quarter was 388.3 million representing an increase of 38.9% from the prior-year 
third quarter balance of 279.6. If you recall, last year's third quarter inventory declined 16% on a 9% decrease in sales. 
Accounts receivable increased by 40.1% to 258.4 million on October 2nd compared to 184.5 million at the end of the 
prior-year quarter primarily due to an increase in wholesale shipments during the third quarter. 

Third-quarter day sales outstanding for our Wholesale segment was 57 days in comparison to 56 days in the prior-year 
quarter. During the first six months of 2010 – that should be first nine months of 2010, we had capital expenditures of 
37 million and are expecting fiscal 2010 full-year capital expenditures of approximately 65 to 70 million. The majority 
of this spend will be related to new store openings, store remodels and the continued rollout of our SAP POS system to 
our retail stores in Europe as well as additional maintenance CapEx. 

Depreciation and amortization expense for the nine months of 2010 totaled 29 million and we estimate full-year 2010 
levels of 41 to 42 million as it relates to guidance for 2010. In addition to the solid beat in the third quarter, we are 
raising our previous guidance for fiscal year 2010 based upon the favorable sales trends we are experiencing. 


Specifically for the fourth quarter, we expect reported net sales to increase in a range of 21% to 23% with constant 
dollar sales in a similar range. 

Fourth quarter 2010 diluted earnings per share are expected to be in a range of $1.26 to $1.30 and this includes the 
$0.02 unfavorable currency impact related to the translation of a slightly stronger dollar compared to last year's fourth 
quarter. Our fourth quarter guidance also includes a $0.04 benefit resulting from our recent share buyback activity. But 
conversely, as a result of our increasing share price, we do expect additional dilution related to common stock 
equivalents to negatively impact Q4 EPS by about one penny. Our guidance as always is based upon the current 
prevailing rate of the U.S. dollar compared to other foreign currencies for countries in which we operate. 

And now, I would like to turn the call back to the operator to begin the Q&A portion. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Neely Tamminga with Piper Jaffray. 
Please go ahead. 

<Q - Neely Tamminga>: Great. Thanks. Good morning and congratulations, you guys. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President>: Thanks, Neely. 

<Q - Neely Tamminga>: Yeah, I just – I was wondering if Kosta could help frame up qualitatively or quantitatively 
his comments about how we're early in on the watch cycle. It's been probably one of the more difficult things for us to 
assess here on the sell side but yet we continue to see strength and adoption of some of the key watch styles that really 
came onto the scene last year. So just wondering if you can either help us frame up what you mean by early and what 
signs you are looking for that momentum to continue to build? That would be really helpful. Thanks. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay, well, you know, obviously we've seen 
these cycles before, as we've said. And it's hard to say how long it'll last except that what we're seeing is very 
broad-based and consistent sell-through metrics across all our brands in the United States especially and we're now 
starting to see that going into Europe. And we had some meetings last week in New York with some of our European 
retailers and they're starting to see this percolation as well. 

A lot of this in the past and it looks like right now has been driven by a major shift in the trend. So if you go back the 
last time this happened to us, which was over 10 years ago, almost every watch we made was a leather strap watch, and 
then the trend changed to stainless steel bracelets. So we changed our line, put it out in the market and we went through 
a several year trend of pretty significant growth. And this has happened to us before, going back 18, 19 years ago when 
the fashion watch business really first exploded. 

So there's a lot of moving parts to it, and it's not just one new material. It's across a lot of different materials, across all 
our brands. Part of what you might say is in the last five years, the Watch business has been relatively flat, somewhat of 
an assortment business. There's been a huge amount of interest in handbags and discussions about the 'it' handbag and 
people were buying handbags every week. There's now a thought process that it's now about the 'it' watch and 
everybody wants to own a watch and they're important in the fashion world. And it seems to be gaining momentum. 

One additional thing I would add is this is being driven by mixed materials, new materials, things that look different. 
There's a reason to buy a watch, and it's not about telling time. And I think it's going to be accelerated increasingly by 
all the Swiss guys that are putting new products in the market especially during this holiday season and these are all 
typically what they're showing for – new for holiday is all mixed material also. So I think the momentum is just going 
to continue to proceed. 

<Q - Neely Tamminga>: Kosta, that's really helpful. Thanks again. Good luck for holiday, and congratulations. 


<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from the line of Matt McClintock with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Matthew McClintock>: Yeah, hi. Good morning, everyone. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Morning, Matt. 

<Q - Matthew McClintock>: So Kosta, with all the strength and the broad-based strength in the Watch business, I was 
wondering if maybe we could shift the topic and talk a little bit about the strength that you are seeing in the Leathers 
business in Europe. First off, could you maybe provide some frame of reference for the current size of that business? 

And then what's the balance of growth in that region between your retail stores and your wholesale partners? And then 
last, bigger picture, in the past you've mentioned that you believe that that market is underserved, particularly in 
leathers. What exactly is driving the strength at Fossil in that region? And is there maybe a – maybe are you seeing a 
general shift of consumer preferences in the European region? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, there's a lot of moving parts to all of that. 
One thing I would say is that as the Fossil brand has gained momentum, it's somewhat – it's more aspirational and 
affordable. It's vintage and modern. It has a stronger, more focused point of view. It's authentic and it's unique and it 
plays all over the world. One of the biggest benefactors of that enhanced image is going to be handbags because it's a 
very emotional, visible purchase for people. 

And I think that is what we're seeing and quite honestly, that's one of the main reasons for our accessory store concept 
being – it focuses a lot of space and windows on leather goods. So what we're trying to do basically is take this idea of 
more aspirational handbags and penetrate the world with it by opening stores and with our Web sites and our catalogs. 
Our stores have actually shown in Europe that they do a bigger percentage of leather goods than our stores there than 
we do in the United States. So the customer is really responding to kind of Fossil type more aspirational mostly leather 
handbags. So we feel it's a big opportunity as we move forward. 

<Q - Matthew McClintock>: Okay. And if I may, one more. Mike, can you perhaps remind us how the company ships 
product? Is that air or container? And does the condensed or small nature of the underlying product limit the impact of 
inflationary freight costs? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President>: Yeah, definitely. We ship 
all of our watches around the world via air, and obviously, the cost relative to the retail value to do that is insignificant. 
Whereas with some of the larger products like handbags, belts, et cetera, we generally use ocean liners for that, and that 
increases a little bit of the reaction time to market. But obviously those items take up a lot more space and it's far more 
efficient to put them on boats rather than planes. 

Matt, I will give you a data point on the Leather business in Europe. We've been talking about the significant growth 
we've had there and just the opportunity to leverage what's happening with our retail stores in that region to really 
broaden the base of the Fossil product assortment beyond just watches and jewelry. But to date, our leather offerings 
for the nine months in 2010 still only represent less than 5% of our Wholesale business there. So we have a huge 
opportunity in front of us. 

<Q - Matthew McClintock>: Great. Thank you very much. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President>: Sure. 

Operator 


Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Scott Krasik with BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Scott Krasik>: Thanks, guys, and let me add my congratulations. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President>: Thanks, Scott. 

<Q - Scott Krasik>: Can you just characterize the department stores and your wholesale customers in the U.S.? Have 
they caught up on the sell in? Are they still adding additional selling space? Are they building more back stock? Are 
the results now based on just the better sell-throughs? Or what's the dynamic in U.S. Wholesale? 

<A - Mark Quick>: Scott, it's Mark Quick. Let me take that question. We continue to see an acceleration of retail 
performance with our department store partners. They are driving that through enhanced stock levels, increased 
physical positions in their stores. They're paying a lot of attention to key operational issues like flow of goods from 
warehouse to store, stockroom to floor in addition to how they're staffing their areas. This has got to be one of the big 
percent increase in volume drivers for them in the stores, not only for the first three quarters based on the performance 
we've seen, but what they're expecting for fourth quarter as well. 

<Q - Scott Krasik>: And generally speaking, obviously you don't know the future, but spring, there shouldn't be any 
let down, it could even increase a little bit more. 

<A - Mark Quick>: Well, we do have some visibility into spring because as Kosta said, we were in New York market 
last week, and we've seen plans that these guys are pulling together because they have to project purchases and 
intentions for spring. And we don't see a significant slowdown coming. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: One of the interesting things that's happened is if 
you look back the last five years, the Watch business relative to GDP has probably been flat and not generally that 
exciting. We've grown because we've gained market share, and we've had some great global growth. But now that the 
stores are putting more sales people, space, inventory, visual marketing behind this because they're seeing huge 
increases, we have -- one of the big department store groups in the United States has actually seen a 100% increase 
year-to-date in watches. So they're getting behind us in a pretty big way and what they're saying is they think this is 
going to continue. 

One way to think about this watch thing is that the Watch business globally is a relatively small industry relative to 
apparel or to telephones for example. So if 1% of the people that were buying apparel or buying a cell phone or a video 
game, 1% of those people decide okay now I want a watch, the impact on the Watch business is huge. And that's partly 
I think what we're seeing out there is an increase in awareness, increasing fashionability of watches can have a dramatic 
impact on the watch category and therefore us, because we have a pretty good share of it. So I think that's partly what's 
happening. 

<Q - Scott Krasik>: That's a good explanation. Then just last, if I may, just remind us are you selling Michael Kors in 
Asia yet? And what's the outlook for your licensed brands in Asia specifically? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: The interesting thing about Kors is that we're 
seeing obviously very dramatic growth and most of that's in the United States. So one of our big initiatives for next 
year is actually to take Kors globally. Because where we do have it, both in Asia and Europe, we're seeing the same 
kind of sparks and sell-through percent that we saw in the United States 12 and 18 months ago. So all our metrics are 
telling us that this Michael by Michael Kors business is going to be huge. 

One other thing I should mention is just in terms of our future growth. The Fossil brand has obviously grown at a very 
fast rate, 28% year-to-date and we're going to accelerate that with more stores and more marketing. It's clearly hit 
somewhat of a tipping point and it's going to grow very quickly. Then as far as our Watch business, we've got the 
cyclical change that is driving the total market up and we're gaining market share in that. And a lot of this is being 
driven by obviously we have what we think are the best brands in the world, in addition to that, the best innovation, 
sourcing and we're putting more new materials in the market than anybody else. So we're gaining market share there 
pretty rapidly. But we're in a unique position to take all these things and go global with them. As we've said, this mixed 
material thing has not really manifested itself very much in Europe yet but we know it's already starting to happen and 


it hasn't really even started yet in Asia. So we have a number of opportunities just in our total Watch business, which is, 
taking Kors global is going to be huge. 

The Armani business is really getting stronger and stronger. We think it has a much larger potential especially in Asia 
and China, than we thought even a year ago. Interestingly, the AX business is on fire and we have a relatively small 
number of doors but the inventory turn is very fast and it's looking somewhat like Michael Kors did two years ago. It 
really looks explosive and it's going to be a big business for us globally. 

The Marc by Marc brand is gaining in importance and we're seeing somewhat of the same kind of sparks, especially in 
Asia and we think it's going to be very big in China as well. And then Diesel, DKNY, and Adidas are all growing and 
are showing even larger global opportunity. In addition to that, we think that in the future we will have additional 
brands through acquisitions or additional licenses. So we think we're in a very good position. It seems like both our 
businesses, the Fossil brand and our total Watch business seem to have hit a tipping point and we think we have a much 
bigger opportunity than we did in the past. 

<Q - Scott Krasik>: All right. Well thanks. I look forward to seeing how far this goes. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President>: Thanks, Scott. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from the line of Anna Andreeva with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Anna Andreeva>: Thanks so much. Good morning, guys, and congrats. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President>: Thanks, Anna, and 
welcome back. 

<Q - Anna Andreeva>: Thanks. Kosta, you mentioned you guys already exceeded your previous operating margin 
goal of 17%. Is there a new margin that you could share with us? Do you guys see margins getting closer to 20% or so 
assuming the strength in the Watch business continues? And I was also curious about the delta in profitability of 
Watches versus Accessories, especially curious, licenses versus your Fossil brand. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President>: Anna, this is Mike. I'll 
take the most part of that question. If you look at the year-to-date operating income margin we've been able to achieve, 
it is in excess of kind of that long-term stated goal that we had of 17%. And obviously, with the fourth quarter ahead of 
us, we'll continue to add to that for the balance of 2010. But as we've always said, 17% was just the target, and as we've 
mentioned previously, once we reach that goal, we would reassess the opportunity on a go-forward basis. And part of 
that will be obviously looking at the opportunity to continue the growth perspective of the company. So we're not 
providing obviously any guidance beyond the fourth quarter of this year, but we'll discuss what our expectations are for 
2011 when we have our February call in the fourth quarter. Can you remind me of your second question? 

<Q - Anna Andreeva>: I'm just curious if you guys could talk about how much profitable of Watches – your 
merchandise margins on Watches versus Accessories and licenses versus Fossil. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President>: Yeah. Generally what we 
find is that Watch and Jewelry margins are much higher than Leather product margins. Generally the Leather Products 
groups are in 40% to 45% range depending upon whether it's a handbag, belt, small leather good et cetera, whereas the 
Watch business and the Jewelry businesses generally starts at 50% plus for the fashion brands. 

And as you move higher up in price, generally the higher margin associated with that brand even after the royalty 
payment. So something like Burberry, Armani, Michael Kors would be some of the highest margin producing brands 
that we have. Michele as well, the highest margin business we have based upon the highest retail value that we have. So 
that's the way I would think about it in terms of the mix. And as we said, the margin improvement year-over-year is 
stemming from the fact that our Watch business is growing much faster than our Leather Goods business and a mix of 


that Watch business is much higher towards some of these licensed brands businesses. 

<Q - Anna Andreeva>: Okay. Okay, that's great. That's very helpful. And just on the store growth plans into 2011, 
you mentioned you would be accelerating that. Just wondering if you could give us a little bit more color on that. What 
kind of growth are you expecting maybe by region and also type of real estate? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, we are working on that now. We do, as I 
said, think we'll have a standard rollout next year. We will probably detail that for you in the next call for the end of the 
year. Right now, we're working on that globally. We think that there's a number of opportunities for us to put stores in 
the United States where we had been somewhat slow in the last couple of years. We think there's now a bigger, broader 
real estate opportunity for us there. 

In addition to that, there's a number of stores that we're putting into Asia, flagship stores in Tokyo and in Seoul and in 
Hong Kong, for example, to help us accelerate our brand awareness in Asia. And then Europe continues to be very 
strong, and we're – as you know, we put some apparel and clothing stores there as a test. We opened one at Wiesbaden 
that's doing very well. So there'll be some of that going on next year, both in Europe and in the United States. So we're 
putting together a strategy and it is going to be accelerated and we'll give you more detail later. 

<Q - Anna Andreeva>: Okay, great. Thanks so much and best of luck for the holiday. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from the line of Eric Beder with Brean, Murray. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Eric Beder>: Good morning. Let me add my congratulations. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Eric. 

<Q - Eric Beder>: Could you give us a little update about the apparel store? I know you guys have been playing 
around with a new format and how are you looking at the apparel stores? And also what do you see going forward in 
terms of the multi-brand or the Watch Station chain [inaudible] around the company? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay, on the clothing stores, as you know, we 
had a number of stores that have been open over 10 years that we're in the process of closing. So I think there was 10 
over the last – over a couple years are going to close. So we're in the process of opening some more. And of course, we 
opened the Stonebriar flagship; it's doing extremely well. We just opened and remodeled King of Prussia, which is 
doing very well. There's a couple more clothing stores going in this year in the United States and I think one more in 
Europe in addition to Wiesbaden. So I would say it's doing well. We're expanding our presence online and our catalog. 
And having said that, it's still kind of an incubator status. We do think that there's a big, long-term opportunity for us 
but we're really just getting ready for prime time and that's the process we're in. 

One thing I should mention is that there absolutely is no intent ever to sell clothing at wholesale. It's basically part of 
our direct channel store web catalog and so we'll limit our exposure on that and move it forward. 

On the Watch Station situation, we have about 10 multi-brand orders from around the world, a couple in Singapore and 
we're continuing to move forward looking at this. It looks very interesting. We have some – a few outlet stores in the 
United States with a Watch Station brand that are doing phenomenally well, and we're kind of looking at that and 
expanding it. And we're going to be putting together a strategy over the next year or so to really look at this business 
closely and see how we roll it out over the next several years. 

<Q - Eric Beder>: Okay. Can we get an update on Michele? And you talked a little bit about M&A or licenses. What 
are you looking for in terms of that? 


<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, one of the things we've done in the last 12 
months or so is really as we said, focus our resources around our two big businesses, Fossil brand and our Watch 
business. So an acquisition or an additional brand would be based on something that leverages that. So an additional 
watch brand maybe that's already existing that we could get from someone else or a new brand showing up, or it could 
be an acquisition of a watch brand. So we're continuing to look at those. 

One interesting thing, and we've talked about this over the last several years, is that each of our brands has a huge 
potential for increasing growth. And we talked about Armani a little bit ago. Armani has the potential some day to be in 
the 200 million range. It could double or even more over the next several years as it really gets penetrated in Asia and 
China. So we're really – we spend a lot of time just focusing ourselves on our existing businesses. 

We do have a couple of brands this year, watch brands that will add $100 million. Fossil brand and Michael Kors will 
both add $100 million in sales this year. So you can see the power of just focusing on our existing businesses. Having 
said that, we're going to be opportunistic, and we're really interested in this total Watch business, us being the big 
player, protecting that position, adding additional brands and just building that out. So we'll continue to do that. 

<A - Mark Quick>: Eric, it's Mark. Let me take your Michele watch question. We're very pleased with the 
performance of Michele. As you know, it is one of the dominant brands in the luxury tier of distribution. Strong, strong 
performance in third quarter that is roughly equivalent to our year-to-date performance, very, very strong double-digit 
increases there. So its wholesale performance is roughly equivalent to what we're seeing in total Watches. And as you 
know, it's done at an average price point with a diamond watch in the range of $1,500. We've introduced a new line of 
silicone strap watches in there that run in the $300 range that we've had very strong performance with as well. 

<Q - Eric Beder>: Final question, is the ceramics still a very hot trend? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Ceramics are doing well but one thing as we 
mentioned before, there's a number of new materials, looks, colors, et cetera. So it's pretty broad-based. This trend is 
not just based on one single idea, which is we think a very good thing long-term. 

<A - Mark Quick>: But ceramic is an important trend, and we've now introduced it as a platform in every brand we do 
business in starting with Relic, where it will retail in the $185 range all the way up through Michele, where the highest 
retail is $2,000. 

<Q - Eric Beder>: Great. And congratulations again. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Eric. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from the line of Robin Murchison with SunTrust. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: Hey, guys. Also congratulations. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Robin. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: Thanks. Listen, I've got about four questions here, so let me start with Mike. You mentioned 
labor. In terms of input costs, labor, leather, wanted to get you to address factory. I also wanted to get you to address 
the implications for the January increase in the U.K. VAT tax. Thirdly, would be infrastructure needs. And then 
fourthly, maybe kind of piggybacking off of Eric's ceramic. We know there has been a trend in the black on black and 
the blue face on the black, and if you could enlighten us on how that's – if that's gaining momentum? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President>: On the input cost side, 
Robin, we obviously have been seeing labor cost increases for some time now since the Chinese government raised the 
minimum wage standard there. And although obviously being a public company and paying minimum wages already, it 
has caused us a slight increase obviously on top of that as everyone else has elevated to that level. 


But again, the input costs on a watch as it relates to labor is not that significant. If you look at a $30 watch, maybe 15% 
of that watch is a labor component and if that's going up 10%, that's a 45% or $0.45 increase in the cost of the watch 
and at the relative retail, it's not significant. And we are in a pretty strong cycle right now for being able to move retail 
prices, especially as we're working with a lot of these new materials and components. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: Mike, I'm sorry, let me be clear, I was asking more about the factories, if there's anything to 
say there, capacity? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President>: Right. I think our – what 
we've done is we talked about the importance of the supply chain and that's something we always have our eye on. And 
it's quite remarkable if you think about where we were last year at this point and the production level of those factories. 

I think Kosta mentioned on the call back in August that in the second quarter we were basically able to double the 
output in watches from our production factories in China compared to where we were last year. So we have the ability 
to continue to ramp up our needs to produce more watches. One thing we've done much better this year is basically 
been able to smooth that production so we don't have the ups and downs and cause those guys grief with having to 
maintain labor forces over the long term. 

So I would say from our planning organization, being more in line with our production organization, the factories are 
far more consistent and far more efficient and have been able to continue to support the types of increases we've been 
dropping on them relative to the Watch business. 

As far as the VAT increase that's going in place in the U.K. in January, we are not expecting to see that significantly 
impact our business. We've been through VAT increases in other countries over the years and generally that has not 
implied any type of decline in the momentum we see in our businesses and we don't expect that to be the case in the 

U.K. as well. 
<Q - Robin Murchison>: Okay. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President>: As far as the 
infrastructure needs, we're always looking forward as to supporting the growth of the business. I did mention in my 
portion of the call that there are some IT infrastructure areas that we're going to bring into 2010 that were otherwise 
planned in 2011. There's about $4 million worth of cost that we will absorb in Q4 as it relates to updating some of our 
software products that is across our global organization. Retooling our needs in terms of some of the equipment we use 
as well. And we just think that we have the opportunity to do that much earlier than we otherwise would have and we're 
bringing that on in Q4. 

I think your last question was more on new trends with ceramics and black on blue and that type of product, Kosta? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, yeah, as I said earlier, we're seeing just a 
reception to newness. It's not a traditional stainless steel or leather and stainless steel watch we're seeing a response to. 
So it's really manifesting itself across many different platforms, materials et cetera. The best thing I would say is if you 
just look in our stores or go online, you can see some of these things and you get an idea of what kind of things are 
working. 

<Q - Robin Murchison>: Thanks, guys. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President>: Thanks, Robin. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from the line of Ronald Bookbinder with The Benchmark Company. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Ron Bookbinder>: Hi. Yes, good morning and congratulations. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President>: Thanks, Ron. 


<Q - Ron Bookbinder>: You mentioned that the mixed material really hasn't hit the European market yet or I think 
maybe the Asian market also. Is Europe just being driven by your expansion in branded watches there? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well I think we have some of this mixed 
materials merchandise in Europe and that's partly what's driving the trend in addition to just the increased awareness 
and the increased fashionability of watches, I think it's hit there first. We don't have as much mixed materials in Asia, 
but where we do have it, we're seeing pretty strong response. So that's partly why we're thinking that there's going to be 

– the cyclical trend is going to be a wave starting in the United States and ongoing and then continue through the rest of 
the world. I think it's a big opportunity for us. 
<Q - Ron Bookbinder>: So is Asia just primarily being driven by the fact that it's an emerging market? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, I think it's obviously a smaller business for 
us with a big upside, so the increases are dramatic. And I think that it has the potential to have these kind of increases 
for a long period of time, quite honestly. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President>: Ron, as you know, over 
the last several years, we've opened up new offices in China, Korea and India and those emerging markets are 
obviously helping the growth in that region. Korea itself was probably half of the growth we saw in the Asia wholesale 
market in Q3, and we're not even fully transitioned in taking that business from a previous distributor and putting it into 
our own hands. We expect that to be completed by the middle of next year. 

But we think there's a huge opportunity to see continued expansion of our business in Europe and continue to increase 
the efficiency of those concessions as we own them. But the growth was very broad-based across all of the markets that 
we're in. We didn't have a single market that reflected a decrease throughout Asia. So it's not only about the emerging 
markets, but what the watch cycle is like for a lot of these existing markets we've been in for 10, 12 years. 

<Q - Ron Bookbinder>: But we still can expect if the growth of the mixed material watch from the U.S. translates into 
Europe and Asia, there could be still some phenomenal growth ahead just in this trend. Is that correct? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, we think that's right. 

<Q - Ron Bookbinder>: Okay. Now, Latin America, are you going to look to expand into some of the emerging 
markets down there? And are you continuing to look at buying third-party distributors and capturing the middleman 
margin? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President>: We do have a substantial 
third-party distributor that services South America for us and our business is on fire down there right now and has been 
over the last couple of quarters. Again, that's coming off a pretty significant decline in the previous year. But the 
business is much larger than it once was. We believe that all of our third-party distributors, at some point in time, 
represent an opportunity for us to take an ownership position in a market. 

I would say at this time South America is not in our plans. It's still a pretty volatile environment from a currency 
perspective. And we're currently comfortable with the relationship we have with our third-party distributor there. I 
would say that Eastern Europe represents some opportunity from acquiring distributors into the future. Again, there's 
nothing in the pipeline there to speak of today. But as we continue to work at those markets and provide them the 
knowledge and the ability to get these markets to a point where we think it makes sense to have ownership, that is 
definitely an opportunity. 

<Q - Ron Bookbinder>: Okay, great, and continued success. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President>: Thanks, Ron. 

Operator 


Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from the line of Randy Konik with Jefferies. Please 
go ahead. 

<Q - Taposh Bari>: Hi, guys. It's Taposh Bari filling in for Randy. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President>: Hi, Taposh. 

<Q - Taposh Bari>: Nice quarter. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President>: Thanks. 

<Q - Taposh Bari>: So I guess our question was around the Wholesale business. So obviously, a lot of success in the 
Watch category. Just trying to get an understanding of how momentum in the Watch category is translating into a 
sell-in or open to buy in the non-Watch business. Obviously, you're trying to make strides in Accessories. Footwear is a 
new initiative. So maybe give us some color on that, if you can. 

<A - Mark Quick>: Well, one of the good things, Taposh, this is Mark, that has been happening in the Leather 
business in Wholesale domestically is we've seen continuing quarter-over-quarter improvement. And what I'm really 
talking is retail performance with our retail partners rather than wholesale performance because I think that's more 
indicative of where we're headed. 

As Kosta mentioned earlier in his remarks, we're working very hard to upgrade the Fossil brand offering in terms of 
quality of material and the uniqueness of design, and I think that's really resonating well. We're having strong 
third-quarter retail performance with leather goods. And additionally, in our own stores, we've seen in the third quarter 
strong comp increases quarter-over-quarter from second to third quarter. So the initiatives we're taking with that 
product is clearly resonating. And as Kosta also mentioned, we have a high degree of penetration in our own stores in 
Europe with Accessory product. 

So that's the reason we believe that we have ability to significantly grow that business outside the U.S. as well. 
Footwear, strong sales increases as a percentage. It's still a very small base for us. But we are seeing encouraging signs 
of sell-through and believe it will be a key element in our head to toe dressing in the Fossil brand. Additionally with 
Footwear, as we've mailed out increased catalogs, it has significantly and consistently been one of the best performing 
parts of our direct-mail effort. 

<Q - Taposh Bari>: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up. Mike, you talked about labor not being a big percentage of 
the total cost of your watches. Can you maybe give us a sense of how big labor is as a percentage of the cost of a watch, 
the cost to manufacture a watch versus the cost of manufacturing an apparel garment? Just some perspective would be 
great. Thanks. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President>: All right. To be honest, 
Taposh, I'd have no idea what the labor content of producing apparel is. Obviously, we buy our apparel from 
third-party and don't own the factory, so we don't have that type of granular information. 

<A - Mark Quick>: I could tell you though on an accessory product, it's very similar to a watch. It represents about 
15% in handbags or any of the other accessory products we would have. 

<Q - Taposh Bari>: Got it. Thanks a lot. And best of luck for holiday. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Taposh. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from the line of Barbara Wyckoff with Guerrilla Capital Management. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: Hi, everyone. Great job. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Barbara. 


<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: Hi. Could you elaborate on your growth in China? The channels, the outlook, how big is the 
market now? How big could it be two to three years out? And then could you comment on your initiatives in India? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Our China initiative started by us opening an 
office there probably four or five years ago and it's probably the biggest opportunity we have and probably the most 
difficult. So we have put a team of people in there and we're using some other resources to really figure out how to do 
this and go about it. Obviously our luxury brands, Armani, Burberry, Marc Jacobs are going to help us penetrate the 
market pretty well. But we're in the process of formulating a strategic plan to go after it in a more aggressive way. And 
we have a number of positions in Asia that we want to hire to really accelerate our growth over there. So we think it's 
going to be pretty significant growth, but we're just trying to figure out the nuts and bolts of it right now. 

As far as India, we have our own subsidiary there. We started that several years ago. It's still relatively small, showing 
very strong results, great group of people there. And as that market develops, we think we're in a pretty good position 
to gain share there and continue to grow, so we're looking at that also. 

<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: Great. Good luck. Thanks. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President>: Thanks, Barbara. 

Operator 

Thank you. I am showing no further questions at this time. I'll now turn the call back over to management for any 
closing remarks you may have. 

Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you. Should you want to replay this conference call, it has been recorded and will be available from 10 AM 
Central time today until 12 midnight Central time tomorrow. And you can call 303-590-3030 or 1-800-406-7325 and 
enter reservation code 437-1695. Again, those numbers are 303-590-3030 or 1-800-406-7325, reservation code 
437-1695. And remember to follow that up with the pound sign. 

The conference call has also been recorded by StreetEvents and may be accessed through their Web site or directly 
through our Web site at fossil.com by clicking on Investor Relations on our homepage and then on webcast. 

Finally, should you have any questions that did not get addressed today, please give me a call. 

Thanks again for joining us today. Our next scheduled conference call will be in February for the release of our 2010 
fourth quarter and full-year operating results. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the Fossil Inc. Third Quarter Fiscal 2010 Earnings Conference Call. Thank 
you for using ACT Conferencing. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 


information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


