Q2 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Allison C. Malkin, Senior Managing Director, Integrated Corporate Relations Inc. 
• Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer 
• Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer 
• Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Anna Andreeva 
• Neely Tamminga 
• Mark Quick 
• Jennifer Pritchard 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Welcome to the Fossil Q2 2009 earnings conference call on the 11th of August, 2009. Throughout today's recorded 
presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask 
questions. [Operator Instructions] 

I will now hand the conference over to Allison Malkin. Please go ahead. 

Allison C. Malkin, Senior Managing Director, Integrated Corporate Relations 
Inc. 

Thank you, good morning. Before we begin, you should be aware that during this conference call, certain discussions 
will contain forward-looking information. Actual results could differ materially from those that will be projected during 
these discussions. Fossil's policy on forward-looking statements and additional information concerning a number of 
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements is readily available in our Form 10-K 
and 10-Q reports filed with the SEC. In addition, Fossil undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any 
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 

If any non-GAAP financial measure is used on this call, a presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial 
measure and a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to GAAP will be provided as supplemental financial 
information to this release under the Earnings Release section under the Investor Relations heading on Fossil's website. 

Please note that this call is being webcast live on Fossil's website. It will be available for replay on the website under 
the Investor Relations heading after the conclusion of the call. 

And now I'd like to turn the call over to Fossil's CEO, Kosta Kartsotis. 

Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer 


Thanks, Allison, good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. With us today are Mike Barnes, our President and 
COO; Mike Kovar, our CFO; Mark Quick, our Vice Chairman; and Jennifer Pritchard, our President of Retail. We will 
first give an overview of the quarter and then welcome your questions. 

We are pleased to announce earnings per share for the second quarter of $0.25, surpassing the earlier guidance of $0.18 
to $0.20 a share. Positive gains in our direct-to-consumer channel, stringent expense management, and more favorable 
foreign currency rates than previously anticipated all factored into our bottom line performance. 

In constant currency, the quarter included a 4.8% increase in global comp store sales fueled by the FOSSIL brand and 
by design innovation across watches, accessories, and jewelry. It also included a 170 basis point increase in global 
gross margin rates, and also a $14 million reduction in wholesale operating expenses as compared to the second quarter 
last year. This is especially significant since we were able to spend less but still move forward with our strategy to build 
the business. We still invested in new stores, new businesses, new technology, and other initiatives that will improve 
our position long term. 

Our net sales for the quarter were 316 million. On a constant dollar basis, worldwide net sales during the second quarter 
decreased 4.8%, primarily driven by an 11% decline in the net sales of the company's wholesale businesses, which was 
partially offset by a 21% increase in our direct-to-consumer businesses. 

In the global wholesale channel, our customers continue to order conservatively, choosing to reduce their inventory 
levels in a challenging selling environment. Several of our overseas subsidiaries faced difficult conditions as well, as 
many of these countries started the recession cycle later than the United States. In addition, our non-owned distributors 
around the world continued to feel the pinch of the economic environment. 

On the retail side our own stores had a more consistent flow of inventory and as a result had a solid comp performance. 
It is especially remarkable since we've been at regular price in a very promotional environment. The FOSSIL brand is 
better than ever and you can see it clearly in our direct channels. We encourage you to go to our stores and see the 
difference for yourself. Also go to Fossil.com and see the branding and assortments. There is a lot there to see: videos, 
animation, our most recent catalog, and terrific innovative merchandise. 

The repositioning of the brand the last few years has been a very successful move for us. FOSSIL is an aspirational, 
affordable brand, rooted in vintage and authenticity, and focused on innovation. This plays very well around the world 
today and is a long-term massive opportunity for the company. 

On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with cash and equivalents up by 59 million to $272 million. Inventory was 
down 12.4%, surpassing our net sales decline and represents a significant improvement from the previous quarter end. 
Our inventories are in great shape and we are focusing on opportunities. Our short lead times will come in very handy 
when the sales trends start to change. 

In closing, we feel we are on a very strong position and we are focused on the significant opportunities ahead of us. 
There are a lot of exciting things going on in the company, even in this tough environment. We have a resilient global 
business model, a strong financial position, significant design resources, and some of the best brands in the world. 
When the economic crisis hit, we focused on getting as efficient as possible on expenses and on inventory. On the 
product side, we focused on value and more innovation rather than less. We have a very experienced, excellent global 
management team that did a world-class job on all these issues during these difficult times. Because of this 
responsiveness, we are in a great position to perform very well over the long term. 

Now, I'll turn the call over to Mike for more details. 

Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer 

Thanks, Kosta, good morning everyone. I'll start with a review of our domestic business, where we saw sales decline 
3.2% for the quarter, with watches down 3.5% and non-watch categories down 2.6%. 


Let's begin with some color on our domestic watch business. During our last call, we indicated we felt some stability 
was returning to the retail marketplace. Since that call, destocking initiatives at retail have eased, but there was no 
catalyst to encourage retailers to be anything but conservative with their inventory management throughout the second 
quarter, as it still remains in the historically slower first half of the year. 

Despite the current economic conditions, several of our brands and businesses reported solid growth, driven by the 
delivery of new product. Michael Kors and Burberry are two great examples that delivered double digit increases 
during the second quarter as these businesses continue to gain market share and add doors. And while our FOSSIL 
wholesale watch shipments were down in the second quarter, the positive consumer reaction to new innovations tested 
in our own retail stores gives us encouragement that we're poised to take advantage of any uptick in consumer 
spending. Having brought our inventories into line with current sales levels and with some great news in the pipeline, 
we feel we are well positioned to improve the trend in our shipments for most all of our brands in the back half of the 
year should the economy permit. 

Within the mass market channel, we continue to achieve strong growth with wholesale shipments increasing by 40%. 
We believe this is indicative of the current trend to trade down by the consumer, continued great product development, 
as well as the result of great support provided by our customers in this channel. 

MICHELE, our proprietary luxury brand, continues to exceed the performance of the overall luxury channel and 
overall watch category, experiencing only a 2.9% year-over-year decline in wholesale shipments for the quarter. This 
represented a solid sequential improvement over the 5.8% decline we experienced in the first quarter. MICHELE's 
continued great styling combined with the brand's comparative value in contrast to many other luxury offerings drives 
great consumer support of the brand. 

As for our domestic accessory business, wholesale shipments declined 2.6% during the second quarter, showing an 
improved performance compared to the 6.7% decline we had in the first quarter. A significant part of this rebound was 
in handbags, which were down only 6.8% versus the 18% decline in the first quarter, and this is in light of what we 
believe to be double-digit comp declines in the overall handbag category in department stores. In addition, our 
domestic FOSSIL jewelry offering continued to perform exceptionally well, with wholesale shipments up 84% for the 
quarter due to both positive comps and continued door rollout. 

Now I'll move on to our international wholesale business segment. As always in order to keep things simple and on an 
apples-to-apples basis, all of my references to sales increases and decreases will be based upon constant dollars. As 
Kosta mentioned, our international sales were negatively impacted by worsening economic conditions impacting both 
our wholesale customers and our third-party distributors. International wholesale shipments decreased by roughly 
15.3% during the second quarter. In Europe, the wholesale shipments declined by 12.1%, with our distributors at a 
minus 20.3%, showing a higher decline than most other countries. 

Similar to our discussions regarding our domestic business last quarter, we feel that things are beginning to stabilize in 
the region, including our base of distributors. As previously mentioned, we felt that Europe came into this tough 
economic period after the US and would lag on the exit as well. So while we do not expect to see significant 
improvement for the time being, we also do not foresee any significant worsening based on the current environment. 
Again, things are feeling a bit more stabilized going into the third quarter. We will continue to plan our sales and 
expenses to trend, but we are again well prepared to take advantage of any economic betterment and we continue to go 
after market share growth aggressively. 

Growth in watch sales from Burberry, Adidas, and Michael Kors were more than offset by declines in DKNY, 
EMPORIO ARMANI, and Diesel. DKNY and EMPORIO ARMANI sales declines were magnified by the fact that 
they represent two significant brands within our distributor base countries. In addition, our reluctance to ship product to 
credit challenged customers and working through the bankruptcy filing and reemergence of one of our principal 
customers in Germany added to our sales declines during the quarter. 

Total European based jewelry sales declined by 18.5% as most of our distribution for this category is in our more 
penetrated markets. We're currently working diligently to focus more on best selling price points and we're driving our 


product groups toward continued innovation for our leading brand FOSSIL. We're also continuing to roll out our 
DKNY jewelry line that we launched in the back half of 2008 and the updated Diesel line, both of which posted a 
strong increase over the prior year. Notwithstanding the current environment, we continue to foresee the jewelry 
category as one of our strongest growth opportunities globally. 

Leather goods shipments in Europe declined 7.8% for the quarter. Despite the decline in the quarter, with the growth in 
FOSSIL retail stores in Europe, awareness for this category is strong and getting stronger. And we're seeing some great 
opportunities to expand our wholesale presence. 

We saw solid growth in women's small leather goods such as wallets and women's belts, and men's leathers as well. In 
fact excluding the German market where we've maintained a leather business for many years now, European based 
leather shipments rose 80% during Q2. Much of the miss in Germany was timing related as the goods continued to 
perform well at retail. Given the performance of leathers in Europe, we still believe that we will end the year with 
positive growth in the category. 

Other international wholesale sales decreased by 20.5%, primarily the result of decreased shipments to our third-party 
distribution markets and to our Spain joint venture. In Asia-Pacific, our wholesale shipments and owned subsidiaries 
actually increased by 5.4%, driven by expansion into the newer markets including China, India, and Korea, which 
continue to represent a significant growth opportunity and a pretty solid performance by some of our more mature subs 
as well. We're aggressively adding shop-in-shop programs in these countries, which is increasing the real estate we 
occupy in our customer stores and growing market share. We believe this investment will pay dividends in market 
share gains once the economy normalizes. 

As Kosta mentioned, our worldwide direct-to-consumer segment delivered a solid performance for the second quarter. 
This was the result of a 27.5% increase in the average number of company-owned stores opened during the second 
quarter, plus constant dollar comparable store sales gains of 4.9% globally and a 7.2% increase in e-commerce sales in 
constant currency. 

Our growth engine in this segment, which is the FOSSIL accessory store concept, delivered global comp increases of 
1.8% in 121 comp stores. European accessory stores delivered an unbelievable 13.2% comp performance increase and 
remain our main target market for new store growth this year. We experienced a 4.7% comp decline in the US 
accessory stores during Q2, which given the environment and the fact that we have a full-price strategy compares 
favorably to the performance of other specialty retailers. 

In the US, our AURs remained unchanged from last year even as we strengthened opening price point offerings in the 
$55 rate range, demonstrating the value of our product assortment across all price points. 

Our outlet stores also had a great quarter, posting a 9.9% comparable store sales increase while assisting in bringing our 
global inventories in line with sales. As you know, our outlet stores are a profitable liquidation vehicle for our 
discontinued inventory and are instrumental to our overall inventory strategy. 

Our e-commerce business continues to show strong growth. As we've discussed previously, we upgraded our US site in 
Q3 last year and we believe that has led to our positive performance despite the difficult US environment. We're 
continuing to upgrade the site for the holiday season. If you've been on the site lately, you'll notice that we have product 
on models, a vintage campaign, and we've added a lot of really cool interactive moving parts and videos. We've also 
initiated implementation of our social network plan, so you will now find FOSSIL on Facebook, which is really great 
for our consumers. 

Sales from our international site in Germany and the recent launches in the UK, Singapore, and Australia continue to 
grow, and we anticipate expanding our footprint into other countries over time. 

Another exciting compound of our direct-to-consumer business continues to be our catalog offerings. They continue to 
just get better and better, and we feel like we have of the best looking catalogs in the industry. We dropped the Fall One 
catalog a few weeks ago, and it may be the best one I've seen yet. I would encourage you to take a look at it if you're on 
the mailing list. And if not, feel free to view it online at fossil.com. 


Globally, we ended Q2 of this year with 329 stores. This includes 198 full-price accessory stores with 109, or more 
than half, located outside the United States, and 81 outlet locations including 10 outside the US. Additionally, we ended 
the quarter with 33 apparel stores and 17 multi-brand stores. This compares to 263 stores at the end of the second 
quarter last year, including 129 full-price accessory stores with 66 outside the US and 83 outlet stores including seven 
outside the US, plus 33 apparel stores and 18 multi-brand stores. During Q2, we opened four new stores and we closed 
none. 

During fiscal 2009, we continue to expect to open between 40 and 50 new doors with the majority of these doors to be 
opened outside the United States and primarily in Europe. This expansion will continue to be concentrated on full-price 
accessory concepts. 

Now I'll turn the call over to Mike Kovar. 

Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Mike, good morning everyone. I'll start off by summarizing our second quarter results from this morning's 
press release. Net sales decreased 10.6% to 315.9 million compared to 353.2 million. The stronger US dollar in 
comparison to the prior year quarter negatively impacted comparable sales by approximately $20 million. Excluding 
the impact of currency, net sales declined 4.8% compared to Q2 last year. 

Gross profit fell 12.1% to 167.2 million or 52.9% of net sales compared to 190.3 million or 53.9% of net sales last year. 

Operating income decreased 35.7% to 22.5 million or 7.1% of net sales compared to 35 million or 9.9% of net sales in 
Q2 last year. Net income fell 33.9% to 16.6 million compared to 25.1 million. And diluted earnings per share decreased 
30.6% to $0.25 on 67.1 million shares compared to $0.36 per diluted share last year on 69 million shares. 

With the double-digit growth in our direct-to-consumer segment combined with reduced wholesale shipments and 
negative currency comparisons, we experienced a shift of 600 basis points in the mix of sales from our wholesale 
segments to our direct-to-consumer segment. As a result, the sales mix breakdown for the second quarter was as 
follows: 17.4% from domestic wholesale watch sales, 12.8% from other domestic wholesale businesses, 25.5% from 
worldwide direct-to-consumer businesses, 28% from European wholesale sales, and 16.3% from wholesale sales in 
other international locations. 

The 10.6% decline in net sales or 4.8 in constant dollar terms consisted of the following increases and decreases by 
category and geographic region. Domestic watch sales decreased 3.5% to 54.8 million compared to 56.8 million in the 
prior-year quarter. Other domestic sales, which primarily include our leather, sunglass, and jewelry businesses, 
decreased 2.6% to 40.5 million compared to 41.6 million in Q2 last year. Sales generated from European based 
wholesale operations decreased 24.1% to 88.3 million compared to 116.4 million in the prior year quarter. Excluding 
currency that impacted sales by 13.9 million in comparison to Q2 last year, European wholesale sales declined by 
12.1%. 

Other international sales which consist of export sales to distributors and sales from our Canada, Mexico, and 
Asia-Pacific wholesale operations decreased 25.5% to 51.7 million compared to 69.4 million in the prior-year quarter. 
Excluding currency that impacted sales by 3.4 million in comparison to Q2 last year, other international wholesale sales 
declined by 20.5%, primarily the result of reduced shipments to third-party distributors. 

Finally, sales from our worldwide direct-to-consumer businesses grew 16.8% to 80.6 million compared to 69 million in 
the prior-year quarter. 

Gross profit dropped by 12.1% to 167.2 million in the second quarter compared to 190.3 million in the prior-year 
quarter. Gross profit margin decreased by 100 basis points to 52.9% compared to 53.9 in Q2 last year. The decrease in 
gross profit margin was primarily driven by a stronger US dollar, which impacted the current quarter margin 
unfavorably by about 270 basis points, and an increase in the mix of lower margin sales to the off-price channels. On a 
constant dollar basis, Q2 margins improved by 170 basis points in comparison to last year's quarter as a result of higher 


margin direct-to-consumer segment sales and a reduction in the sales mix of lower margin shipments to third-party 
distributors. 

During the second quarter, direct-to-consumer sales increased to 25.5% of consolidated net sales in comparison to 
19.5% of consolidated net sales in the prior-year quarter, which benefited comparable margins by approximately 60 
basis points. 

Second quarter operating expenses of 144.7 million represent a $10.7 million decrease in comparison to 155.4 million 
last year. As a percentage of net sales, operating expenses increased 180 basis points to 45.8% versus 44% in the 
prior-year quarter. In comparison to last year, second quarter operating expenses include a reduction of 8.1 million 
related to the translation of foreign based expenses as a result of the stronger US dollar. Excluding the impact of 
currency translation, operating expenses decreased approximately 2.6 million. This was principally driven by a $13.8 
million reduction in expenses related to our wholesale operations and corporate overhead area, which was partially 
offset by an increase of 11.2 million in our direct-to-consumer segment. 

The decrease in operating expenses and our wholesale operations and our corporate overhead areas are a result of 
reductions in certain payroll related expenses including a reduction in workforce during the first quarter of 2009, 
reductions in marketing and other controllable expenses, as well as lower variable costs associated with reduced sales. 
The increase in operating expenses in our direct-to-consumer segment was principally due to an increase in four-wall 
expenses as a result of the increase in the number of retail stores we opened over the last 12 months. 

Operating income decreased to 7.1% sales compared to 9.9% of net sales in Q2 last year as a result of a decline in net 
sales, decreased gross profit margin, and higher operating expenses as a percentage of sales. In comparison to the 
prior-year quarter, Q2 operating income was negatively impacted by approximately 11.6 million as a result of the 
translation of foreign based sales and expenses into US dollars. 

Other income and expense increased favorably by 6.7 million during the second quarter. This increase was primarily 
driven by increased foreign currency transaction gains. As the US dollar weakened during the second quarter in 
comparison to the first quarter of 2009, we recognized currency gains from marking to market our international 
subsidiaries' foreign currency payable balances denominated in US dollars. As we hedge a portion of our currency risk 
through forward contracts, we also experienced a slight gain on these hedges as our contract rates were slightly above 
the prevailing rates of their respective currencies at the time of settlement during the second quarter. 

Offsetting the currency gains in Q2 was a decrease in interest income as a result of reduced yields earned on invested 
cash balances. 

Our income tax expense for the second quarter was 9.6 million, resulting in an effective income tax rate of 36.6% 
compared to our prior quarter rate of 21.4. If you recall, the lower effective tax rate for Q2 last year was a result of a 
reduction in certain income tax liabilities resulting from completed audits. Excluding any discrete events, we estimate 
that our 2009 third and fourth quarter tax rate will approximate 37%. 

Second quarter net income decreased by 33.9% to 16.6 million or $0.25 per share on 67.1 million weighted average 
shares outstanding compared to $0.36 per diluted share on 69 million weighted shares outstanding during the prior-year 
quarter. Second quarter net income included an unfavorable $0.04 per diluted share impact related to a stronger US 
dollar. This $0.04 impact in currency is comprised of a negative $0.11 related to the translation impact of foreign based 
sales and expenses in US dollars included in operating income, partially offset by a $0.07 transaction gain included in 
other income and expense. 

Turning to the balance sheet, we ended the first quarter with cash, cash equivalents, and securities available for sale 
totaling 272.1 million compared to 212.8 million at the end of the prior-year quarter, and we have about 8 million in 
total debt. During the first half of 2009, we generated 92 million in cash flow compared to 11 million in the comparable 
prior-year period once you exclude the prior-year stock repurchases. 

Inventory at quarter end was 250.1 million, representing a decrease of 12.4% from the prior-year second quarter 
balance of 285.4 million. Our composition of inventory is very healthy as we enter the second half of fiscal 2009. 


Accounts receivable decreased by 20.8% to 139.2 million as compared to 175.8 million at the end of the prior-year 
quarter. This decrease is principally due to a reduction in wholesale shipments during the second quarter versus last 
year's Q2. Days sales outstanding for our wholesale segments for the second quarter was 52 days, which decreased 
from 55 days in the prior quarter. This decrease is primarily due to a reduction in the sales mix of international based 
sales that generally result in longer collection cycles than those experienced in the US. 

Through the first half of fiscal 2009, we had capital expenditures totaling 17 million and are expecting full-year 2009 
CapEx of 35 to 45 million. A majority of these expenditures will be related to new store openings and the addition of a 
global SAP point-of-sale system for the stores. Depreciation and amortization expense for the first half of fiscal 2009 
totaled 20 million, and we estimate full-year 2009 depreciation and amortization of 40 to 42 million. 

As it relates to guidance for the third and fourth quarter of fiscal 2009, as we continue to grow our retail store base and 
e-commerce businesses, sales in the direct-to-consumer segment increase as a percentage of the total sales mix, 
generally benefiting our profitability in the fourth quarter at the expense of first and second quarter when due to 
seasonality it is more difficult to leverage direct-to-consumer expenses against direct-to-consumer sales. 

We are currently estimating reported net sales for the third quarter of fiscal 2009 to decrease in a range of negative 6% 
to negative 9%. Third quarter reported diluted earnings per share is expected to be in a range of $0.38 to $0.42 and 
includes a negative currency impact of approximately $0.05 related to the stronger US dollar in comparison to the 
prior-year quarter. 

For the fourth quarter of 2009, we are currently estimating reported net sales to be in a range of flat positive 3% in 
comparison to Q4 last year, with diluted earnings per share in a range of $0.74 to $0.80. Constant dollar sales increases 
for both the third and fourth quarters are expected to be in a range from negative 3% to negative 6%, following the 
current trend of negative 4.8% experienced during our second quarter. This guidance is based upon the current 
prevailing rate of the US dollar compared to other foreign currencies for countries in which we operate and assumes no 
significant changes in our business from the current trend. 

In closing, we believe we remain well positioned to navigate through this turbulent economy and attain our annual 
goals and expect the efficiencies we have implemented to our business practices will enable us to improve our 
long-term profit potential. We possess a strong business model with several unique advantages such as short lead times, 
low product obsolescence, and strong margins. 

In addition, the majority of our international business is operated through our own subsidiaries, which provides us with 
much more control and the continuous ability to service our retail partners in this tough economy. In contrast, many of 
our competitors have a high dependence upon third-party distributors. 

And finally, we offer some of the most sought after brands in the world, each of which is positioned as the opening 
price point within its distribution channel, representing tremendous value to consumers and again well aligned with the 
mindset of consumers today. We remain confident in our strategies and excited about our business prospects in both the 
near and the long term. 

And now I'd like to turn the call over to the operator to begin the Q&A portion of the call. Operator? 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Anna Andreeva from J.P. Morgan. Please go 
ahead. 

<Q - Anna Andreeva>: Good morning, thanks so much. I am trying to reconcile the third quarter guidance a little 
more, essentially on similar sales ex-currency. You guys are guiding for a bigger operating margin deterioration, yet 
your gross margins in the second quarter were a little better, SG&A in much better shape. So couldn't SG&A dollars be 


down in a similar 7% range for the back half or is it now the translation expenses moving the other way for you guys 
and we should think about 2 to 3 million decline in SG&A dollars for the back half? That's my first question. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, Anna. Currency is obviously 
moving in the other direction on us. If you look at where we sit today, I think the prevailing euro rate is right around 
1.42, which is about the rate we entered the third quarter into. And that compares to I think last year the average 
currency rate for the euro was around 1.50 for the quarter. So the spread between the current year quarter and last year's 
quarter is a little narrower than it obviously was in Q1 and Q2 this year. And so we're not expecting the benefit of the 
same level of expense translation as we saw in Q2. 

You are correct in that we do expect our gross margins to hold up on a sequential basis, but it's largely the operating 
expenses. We're not going to get the same type of benefit we got from currency in the first half of the year, 
notwithstanding that we're still obviously maintaining, managing our expense base to lower levels and we're going to 
try and hit targets that we achieved last year without any currency impact. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Yes, we're going to stay very, very aggressive 
about managing our expenses. And as we have said, anything that doesn't have a fixed run rate attached to it, we're 
watching that on a daily basis trying to figure out and continue to move forward in our expense savings. 

<Q - Anna Andreeva>: Okay. So for the expense savings, the 16 million that you guys have talked about previously, 
should we expect excluding the translation maybe two to 3 million decline in SG&A dollars per quarter in the back 
half, is that a rough estimate? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I think if you recall, Anna, the 16 
million specifically related to the annualized savings from the reduction in workforce and other compensation 
adjustments we made in the first quarter. We've always said we're going to continue to manage anything that doesn't 
have a run rate attached to it hopefully to a lower level than prior year given the current sales trends. So that's our 
position right now. We should see an additional three to 4 million in savings on compensation alone for the third and 
fourth quarter of this year, and we're going to continue to manage other experiences – other expenses that are 
controllable to hopefully lower levels. But as Mike mentioned obviously with the retail store base continuing to 
increase, we've got run rates on rents and depreciation et cetera that we really can't impact. 

<Q - Anna Andreeva>: Okay, okay, got you. And just sticking to currency, looking at the other income bucket, you 
guys had a bigger benefit in the second quarter. So should we now expect an operating expense in the third quarter and 
I guess the fourth quarter also based on your forward contracts given the euro now at $1.41, $1.42? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: As you know, Anna, that's a very 
dynamic situation and no one can peg the currency rate at the time of settlement of those US dollar denominated 
payables nor can we peg the currency rate at the end of the quarter when we do the mark-to-market analysis. What I 
would say is that if you look at our euro contracts for the balance of this year, they are currently slightly below the 
prevailing rate of the euro against the US dollar. So from that, we would obviously expect to record some minor other 
expense in that other income and expense category as we would have to mark down those payables to a lower contract 
rate than the prevailing rate. 

<Q - Anna Andreeva>: Okay, okay, got you. That makes sense. And also just to follow up on the fourth quarter 
guidance, it looks like you guys are not expecting a lot of improvement in sales ex-currency. So the operating margin 
improvement, is that mostly a reflection of a currency headwind that you're lapping from last year and also retail 
becoming a bigger piece? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: There is a lot of moving parts in Q4 
as you know. Operating profitability should be impacted favorably by a greater mix of retail in a quarter where we 
make a lot of money historically in retail due to the seasonality of the sales. 

As it relates to the overall earnings for Q4, you have to remember that we did have a very low effective tax rate last 
year. We also had impairment charges that totaled about $0.09 a share. And while we do expect at the current 


prevailing rates to have some benefit from currency in the fourth quarter, there are a lot of different moving parts to 
assess that against. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Yes, also from a sales perspective, we have a 
very clean inventory now. As you recall, we had a lot of discontinued sales in the fourth quarter last year, so there's 
going to be less of that this year. One thing I would say about the fourth quarter also is I know a lot of people are 
talking about expecting big increases in the fourth quarter, an easy comparable quarter, and all that stuff. But as we've 
stated all along, we're going to continue to follow the trend. And until we see a major change in the trend, we're not 
going to step out on a limb and say hey, we're expecting all this big increase to happen. So hopefully the economy will 
be better and the comparables will be better and the four quarter will be better. But we're just trying to be very prudent 
about how we're planning and how we're planning our inventories and our expenses and everything else against the 
trends. 

<Q - Anna Andreeva>: Okay, okay, got you. And on international wholesale, I was wondering if you could talk a little 
bit more on Europe. Are the mature markets, Germany, UK, getting weaker or is it the newer markets slowing or is it a 
combination of both? And what are you guys embedding in your guidance for international wholesale through year 
end? 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: As you saw, Europe clearly got weaker in the 
second quarter from the first quarter. And I think it's pretty clear that they came into this recession later, as we said. 
And we're hearing similar things that we heard when we had the last call about the US feeling some stability. I think 
things are stabilizing somewhat in Europe. The decreases were pretty much across the board. The third-party 
distributors mostly had the largest decreases. And I had a lot of conversation with my management team there over the 
past week or so, and what they feel like is that the distributors were continuing to destock their inventories. And as it 
took us two quarters to get our inventories back in shape, perhaps that's what it took them as well. But now our 
inventory is in great shape. Their inventories are in much better shape as well. And going into the third quarter, they 
feel much better about the third-party distribution business in Europe. 

And our own countries, our own subsidiaries, while we don't expect to see any great movement forward in terms of 
sales there, we do feel like it's more stable than it was during the second quarter. If you look at Asia just to cover that 
very quickly, our own subsidiary companies have done pretty well in this environment over there, having a 5.4% 
increase in the second quarter. And most of the pain was to third-party distributors there. 

We have a couple of situations that again I can identify what's going on. If you look at Korea, which has historically 
been our largest third-party distributor, we're going through a transition process there. As you know, we have opened 
our own office in Korea. We have been shifting that business over starting with the duty-free business and now going 
with the domestic wholesale business. And so while we're building up our company over there and adding locations, 
the third-party distributor, which had been our largest in Asia, is taking down their inventories. So there is a transition 
going on there that affects a lot of that business. 

The other biggest part of the decline in third-party distribution in Asia have been countries that have had some pretty 
rough political times like Indonesia that has had all the bombing action and everything. That has really hurt their 
business there, and Thailand has been pretty tough as well. The other third-party distribution markets I think will be 
coming back during the third and fourth quarter, but we'll continue to see some weakness in Korea and we'll have to see 
what the political situation holds for the other two countries I mentioned. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: Another point on Europe is that as you saw, our stores there are 
really bunking the trend in a tough environment. 

<Q - Anna Andreeva>: Yes, that's great. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: And obviously during this somewhat disruptive time period, 
we've been very aggressive there building stores. They're doing very well relative to the environment, great comps, 
great performance, higher than our pro formas. We also have a significant number, at the end of the year we're going to 
have over 100 stores, just give you an indication is we are year to date running 85% increase in Europe in retail sales. 


So during this tough time, we put something over there that we think is going to be a game changer for the company. 

<Q - Anna Andreeva>: Okay, that's great. Okay, that's it for me. Thanks so much guys and good luck for the back 
half. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Thanks, Anna. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Neely Tamminga from Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Neely Tamminga>: Great. I just want to ask you guys a couple of follow-up questions here. On the inventory, 
totally clean, very good, and I know you guys have short lead times. But could you just walk us through the calendar in 
terms of how quickly you can flow a product back into domestic as well as OUS, and if you see an uptick in trend? And 
then just related to that, what would you expect inventory based on what you know today to be at the end of Q3 and 
then at the end of Q4? 

<A - Mark Quick>: Let me answer the question first about the end of Q3. We expect to see the continued good 
management of our inventory. I would anticipate it would be down somewhere in the mid-teen level relative to last 
year. As you know, we have limited obsolescence, so we can do that fairly inexpensively in terms of reduction, 
although the inventory at this point is really very clean. 

On your question of lead times, that's something we have continued to challenge and I would say with some success 
because of the difficulty of the worldwide economic situation. As a general rule, and I can only give you a general rule 
because as you know we make a lot of different types, different categories of product with significantly differing lead 
times, probably the lowest would be costume jewelry which would run somewhere in the eight-week time period. But 
on average I'd say the number would hit somewhere around 90 days. 

We have been able to challenge that in some instances. But one of the things we've been doing and our reduced 
inventory has given us the ability to do is look ahead and predict as best we can based on current selling, key items, and 
key categories, and we've taken a very, very strong position on what we believe will be the big ideas for third and 
fourth quarter. So we've taken advantage of the reduction in inventory to position ourselves in what we believe are 
going to be the big important ideas for third and fourth quarter. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer>: The other thing we've improved on quite a bit just in general is 
speed to market. Because of our retail position around the world and webs also, we're able to do a lot of testing in our 
stores of a lot of new ideas and get them back into the wholesale market globally a lot quicker. And that's partly what 
we're seeing right now. We've identified in handbags and watches and in almost every category items that we test in our 
stores in this market that did very well and we're showing those at wholesale, and those will be in the wholesale market 
in the next several months. We think that that's going to give us added benefit in addition to the short lead times. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Mark gave you an average lead time of 90 days, 
which is pretty much right on target. But on some of these items that we've already tested and already manufactured, 
for reorders sometimes we can get as short as 60 days on some of our key categories like watches as well. So we can 
affect business still for the remainder of this year. 

<Q - Neely Tamminga>: Okay, that's helpful, and then just a few words maybe from you guys on some of the new 
product launches you've had. I don't think I heard you guys touch on footwear. Just curious how that has gone for you 
and what maybe the prospects are for the balance of the test. Thanks. 

<A - Mark Quick>: I think that would divide itself into two answers. As you know, men's was our first footwear 
launch. That launched in the spring season in a very limited number of doors, as is our typical operating strategy. We 
had good performance on that, but we also had lessons learned on how to improve product. And I believe you will 
continue to see that product improvement in fall of this year. We're beginning to see sampling coming in on spring next 
year. I think the stuff looks even better. 


Women's as you know launched within the last couple of weeks, once again in a very limited number of wholesale 
doors, in our own catalog, and online. I would say to you the reception to the women's line has been particularly strong 
at retail. We have just come back from a market where we were showing spring 2010 and had an equally strong result 
there in terms of reaction to the line. So I would expect for spring 2010 particularly in women's, you'll see a fairly 
significant door rollout. 

<Q - Neely Tamminga>: Great, thank you and good luck you guys. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Robin Murchison from SunTrust. Please go ahead. 

<Q>: Hey guys. This is Brian in for Robin. How are you? 

<A>: Thank you, Brian. Good. 

<Q>: Just a follow-up question on the euro/US dollar. What was the hedge for the second quarter? I think previously 
you guys had said $1.25 for the year? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: When we gave guidance back in May, 
we said at the prevailing rates at that time. I think the euro was trading around 1.35, 1.36. 

<Q>: Okay, so then for the second quarter, the hedge was what, $1.41? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: The average? 

<Q>: Yes. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: It's probably slightly below that, I 
actually have that with me here. 

<Q>: I know the euro, I think the average was like $1.40, $1.41, and what was the hedge that you guys had against 
that? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: On euro based contracts, around 1.40. 

<Q>: Okay. And then what can we expect for the third and fourth quarter? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: We were primarily hedged to the 
level of the exposure for the balance of the year at about that average 1.40 rate on the euro. 

<Q>: Okay, all right, very good. And then just overall, can you give us any commentary on what you're seeing 
domestic and internationally? I know that you guys, I guess the destocking effort is continuing and I mean what can we 
expect in the second half? 

<A - Mark Quick>: I would say that – and I'll take the domestic piece of it, really feels like the destocking effort 
domestically, the retail partners have gotten their inventory levels where they want to be. And I think we will continue 
over the next couple of quarters to see possible very, very slight downward adjustments. But for the most part, we are 
going to see two things happen: a flow corresponding to their sales performance, and then the traditional build for 
holiday during third quarter. 

<A - Michael W. Barnes, President and Chief Operating Officer>: I think we even saw in the second quarter some 
betterment, although down. For instance in the accessories, it was down 2.6%, which was much improved from the first 
quarter. And I think the situation at the destocking is pretty much over. But now they're buying according to their sales 
trends and their sales continue to comp down month after month. So until that stops that's the way they're going to 


continue to buy. 

Internationally, I think the destocking was certainly still going on in the second quarter because they're lagging the US, 
as we mentioned. But as I said, I think we're starting to see some stability there in the European markets and even in the 
European distribution market some stability, with a little bit more weakness still in the Asia distribution markets 
because of the reasons I mentioned earlier. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I would also add from a historical 
perspective, if you look at what we're comping up against in Q3 last year, we had almost an 8% increase in our 
domestic wholesale business in Q3 last year, so the comp gets a little bit tougher versus the 1.5% increase we had in Q2 
last year. A lot of that is surrounding the fact that Michael Kors was adding doors. Our Fifty Four handbag category 
was performing very well on growing doors. FOSSIL jewelry, cold weather were all adding doors, and we're 
anniversarying some of that activity. And even on the international wholesale side, the comps still remain tough in Q3 
and don't get any easier until Q4. And anniversarying the DKNY launch that went on during Q3 and that market last 
year is something we have to get beyond in Q3. 

<Q>: Okay, excellent, and then what is embedded in your overall sales guidance direct-to-consumer comps, can you 
give that? 

<A - Jennifer Pritchard>: Our expectations for Q3 and Q4 are consistent with the performance we achieved in the 
first half of the year. 

<Q>: Okay, excellent. Well, thank you guys very much and good luck. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: All right, thanks. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] There appear to be no further questions. Please continue with any other points you wish to raise. 

Mike L. Kovar, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, operator. Should you want to replay this conference call, it has been recorded and will be available from 10 
AM Central Time today until 12 Midnight time tomorrow by calling 303-590-3030 or 1-800-406-7325 and entering 
reservation number 4118249. Again, those numbers are 303-590-3030 or 1-800-406-7325, reservation number 
4118249. The conference call has also been recorded by StreetEvents and maybe accessed through StreetEvents' 
website at www.streetevents.com or directly through our website at Fossil.com by clicking on Investor Relations on our 
homepage and then on webcast. 

Finally, should you have any questions that did not get addressed today, please give Mike Barnes or myself a call. 
Thanks again for joining us. Our next scheduled conference call will be in November for the release of our 2009 third 
quarter operating results. 

Operator 

This concludes the Fossil Q2 2009 earnings conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 


special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


