Q1 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Allison C. Malkin 
• Kosta N. Kartsotis 
• Mike L. Kovar 
Other Participants 

• Randal J. Konik 
• Matthew McClintock 
• Anna A. Andreeva 
• Scott D. Krasik 
• Barbara Wyckoff 
• Eric M. Beder 
• Robin S. Murchison 
• Alex J. Fuhrman MBA 
• Cliff Greenberg 
• Rick B. Patel CFA 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Fossil Inc. First Quarter 2011 
Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. And following the presentation, 
instructions will be given for the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this 
conference is being recorded today, May 10, 2011. 

I would now like to turn the conference over to Allison Malkin of ICR. Please go ahead. 

Allison C. Malkin 

Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Before we begin, you should be aware that during this conference call, certain 
discussions will contain forward-looking information. Actual results could differ materially from those that will be 
projected during these discussions. 

Fossil's policy on forward-looking statements and additional information concerning a number of factors that could 
cause actual results to differ materially from such statements is readily available on our Form 10-K and 10-Q reports 
filed with the SEC. 

In addition, Fossil undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a 
result of new information, future events or otherwise. If any non-GAAP financial measure is used on this call, a 
presentation of the most direct comparable GAAP financial measure and reconciliation of this non-GAAP financial 
measure to GAAP will be provided as supplemental financial information to our release under the earnings release 
section under the Investor Relations heading on Fossil's website. 


Please note that you may listen to a live webcast or replay of this call by visiting Fossil's website, and then clicking on 
Investor Relations at the bottom of the home page, and then on Webcasts. 

Now I would like to turn the call over to Fossil's CEO, Kosta Kartsotis. Kosta? 

Kosta N. Kartsotis 

Thanks, Allison. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter call. Joining us today are Mike Kovar, our 
CFO; Mark Quick, our Vice Chairman; and Jennifer Pritchard, our President of Retail. 

Continuing the strong momentum in our business from 2010, this morning we reported earnings of $0.86 a share, 
reflecting a 62% increase in earnings on a net sales increase of 37%. Our unique business model and our focus on our 
two core businesses, namely the FOSSIL brand and our multi-brand watch portfolio, have led to sustained rates of 
growth for the company. Leveraging our innovative ideas and materials across our product portfolio, and utilizing our 
global distribution platform to efficiently get the product in front of consumers, has allowed us to amplify our business 
in this favorable watch trend, which we believe is still in its early stages. 

Around the world, consumers are responding enthusiastically to our product offerings, allowing us to accelerate our 
brand-building initiatives, to gain market share, expand geographic penetration and to provide profitable returns for our 
shareholders. Additionally, we have stepped up our marketing expenditures and retail expansion, as well as other 
strategic initiatives in order to take advantage of the opportunities our sales growth has provided. 

During our 2011 first quarter, the most significant contributor to sales growth was our global watch business, which 
increased 44%. Both our FOSSIL brand, as well as our portfolio of licensed global brands contributed nicely to the 
overall increase. Our watch design teams have done a remarkable job of continually offering innovative ways of 
keeping our watch assortments fresh and relevant. And our supply chain teams and assembly facilities have continued 
to do an excellent job of flowing great product around the world in spite of difficult challenges due to the increases in 
sales. 

Examples of what we were able to achieve in sales growth during the first quarter include a 142% increase in Michael 
Kors; a 54% increase in Burberry; a 129% increase in Armani Exchange; a 36% increase in DKNY; an 82% increase in 
adidas; and a 96% increase in Relic; and a 21% increase in FOSSIL. 

We are also very pleased with the ongoing strength and growth of the FOSSIL brand. During the first quarter, sales of 
the FOSSIL brand increased 19% globally, with balanced growth across categories, including a 21% increase in watch 
sales and an 18% increase in non-watch sales. Our non-watch categories, which are far less penetrated globally in 
comparison to the watch category, were led by a 34% increase in FOSSIL women's handbags and a 30% gain in 
FOSSIL jewelry. 

Our direct-to-consumer sales rose 28%, driven by a comp store sales increase of 21.3%, which is on top of a 19.4% 
comp gain last year. Comp store sales for our FOSSIL accessory stores rose 14.7% globally, and included an 18% 
increase in North America, a 7% increase in Europe, and a 25% increase in Asia. Our store expansion is on track to 
open 80 to 85 stores this year with a global focus on expanding our accessory store concept. 

Our e-commerce sales also rose strongly, up about 27% in the quarter. Our retail stores, web, and catalog work in 
harmony to support a unified and focused brand message and distribution platform. In addition to opening these new 
stores, we are launching this year e-commerce sites in Japan, Korea, France, Italy, and Austria. We will also continue 
to expand our catalog distribution globally to help communicate the FOSSIL brand message. 

And to further support these initiatives, we've embarked on a customer relationship management program, CRM 
system, with Phase 1 of this project completed a couple weeks ago. This will allow us to measure our brand-building 
initiatives more efficiently and to develop targeted marketing programs to increase our dialog with the growing Fossil 
customer base. 


In our overall business, we're also pleased to see strong growth outside the United States, as Europe and Asia-Pac 
regions reported sales gains of 34% and 57%, respectively. While both of these regions offer significant opportunities 
for many of our businesses in the short and long term, Asia-Pac perhaps offers the most opportunity due to the dynamic 
changes going on in those markets. Asia today represents only 14% of our global sales and could be a full third of our 
business over time. 

To accelerate our opportunity in this region, we are focusing on aggressively adding retail concessions in established 
stores, principally in China, Japan, and Korea. We have added a number of new management people in these markets, 
and in addition, have sent several Fossil team members to Asia on an ex-pat basis in an effort to accelerate our growth 
there. 

Before Mike goes into detail regarding more information on the quarter, we would like to update you on our situation 
regarding the unfortunate disaster in Japan. Our Fossil team members there were all safe and have shown inspirational 
resolve and determination, as has all of Japan. The events there have slightly impacted our sales in the market, but we 
consider this to be somewhat of a short-term situation, and we feel we have a very significant long-term opportunity 
there. Japan represents about 3% of the sales of the company. 

We also source the majority of our watch movements from Japan. The factories that make these movements were not 
damaged, but were impacted by the infrastructure problems that affected all of Japan for several weeks after the 
disaster. This affected our flow of movements for a time, but the factories have since returned to production, and are 
expected to be at full capacity soon. The companies that make these movements are large, world-class Japanese 
companies that are very determined and very committed to the production of high-quality, innovative watch 
movements over the long term. 

And, although we had a disruption in movement flow from Japan, we had movements on hand in our factories in Hong 
Kong when the crisis happened, in addition to having a healthy level of finished goods inventories in our warehouses 
around the world. The bottom line of all this is that we do not expect the situation to have any significant impact on our 
sales expectations, either in the short or long term. 

In summary, we are very pleased with the strong showing during the quarter on both the overall FOSSIL business ,and 
in the multi-brand watch business. We feel that both of these businesses have kicked into higher gears and are strongly 
positioned for long-term growth. And we would like to thank and congratulate all Fossil team members, partners, and 
suppliers for their ongoing commitment to excellence. 

Now I'll turn the call over to Mike. 

Mike L. Kovar 

Thanks, Kosta. I'll start off by summarizing our first quarter 2011 versus 2010 results from this morning's press release. 

Net sales increased 36.6% to $537 million, compared to $393 million last year. Gross profit rose 37.6% to $301.8 
million, compared to $219.4 million. Gross profit margin increased 40 basis points to 56.2%, compared to 55.8%. 
Operating income increased 80.6% to $92.6 million, or 17.2% of net sales, compared to $51.3 million, or 13% of net 
sales. 

Net income increased 55.5% to $55.8 million, compared to $35.9 million, and diluted earnings per share increased 
62.3% to $0.86 on 64.8 million shares, compared to $0.53 on 68 million shares. 

The sales mix breakdown for the first quarter with comparable prior-year levels was as follows: 38.5% from North 
American wholesale activities versus 39.1%; 28.3% from Europe wholesale activities versus 28.6%; 11.9% from 
Asia-Pacific wholesale activities versus 9.9%; and 21.3% from worldwide direct-to-consumer businesses versus 22.4%. 

In connection with our wholesale operations, sales from our North American wholesale business, which included our 
operating activities in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico, as well as sales to third party distributors in South America, grew 
by $53 million, or 34.5% to $206.8 million, and excluding approximately $800,000 from favorable currency 


comparisons to Q1 last year, North American wholesale sales increased by 33.9%. 

Sales from our Europe wholesale operations increased by $39.3 million, or 34.9% to $151.8 million. And excluding 
currency that favorably impacted sales by approximately $600,000, Europe wholesale sales grew by 34.4%. 

Sales from our Asia-Pac wholesale operations increased by $25.5 million, or 65.9%, to $64.2 million. And again, 
excluding currency that favorably impacted sales by $3.3 million, Asia-Pac wholesale sales grew by 57.4%. 

Highlighting some notable increases from a major product category perspective, total watch sales increased by $117.8 
million, or 46.2%, 44.4% ex-currency, to $372.7 million. 

Drilling down into our global watch business, FOSSIL watch sales increased $19.5 million, or 21.8%, 20.5% 
ex-currency to $108.7 million. Michelle watch sales increased by $3.8 million, or 30.8% to $16.2 million. Licensed 
watch sales increased by $92 million, or 69%, 66.5% ex-currency to $225.5 million; Relic watch sales increased by 
$4.3 million, or 96% to $8.8 million. And on the non-watch side of our business, leather product sales increased $15.8 
million, or 21.1%, 19.8% ex-currency to $90.5 million and jewelry sales increased $8.2 million, or 24%, 23.3% 
ex-currency to $42.2 million. 

Moving to the direct-to-consumer segment, sales from our direct-to-consumer businesses increased by $26 million, or 
29.5% to $114.2 million. Excluding currency that favorably impacted sales by $1.2 million, direct-to-consumer sales 
increased by 28.1%. Constant dollar comps in our retail stores maintained their strong double-digit performance 
coming in at 21.3% in Q1, the 12th consecutive quarterly positive comp, and the sixth consecutive double-digit 
quarterly comp. 

Globally, we ended Q1 with 362 stores globally, and occupied 632,000 square feet, compared to 638,000 square feet at 
the end of Q1 last year. This included 233 full-price accessory stores, 141 of which were located outside the United 
States, and 92 outlet locations, including 24 outside the U.S. Additionally, we ended the quarter with 27 clothing stores 
and 10 multi-brand stores. This compares to 355 stores at the end of Q1 last year, including 220 full-price accessory 
stores with 119 outside the U.S. and 89 outlet stores, including 17 outside the U.S., plus 33 clothing stores and 13 
multi-brand stores. 

During the first quarter, we opened six new doors, including five accessory stores and closed eight doors, four of which 
were clothing stores. For the full year, we plan on opening 80 to 85 doors equally distributed between the U.S. and 
international locations. And from a concept perspective, as Kosta mentioned, we will continue to focus primarily on the 
full-price accessory stores. As always, door growth is predicated on appropriate locations and terms. 

In addition to the eight doors we closed in Q1, we expect to close another 18 to 20 doors over the balance of the year, 
and we believe this strategy to close less productive locations will continue to improve the overall productivity of the 
portfolio. As a result of increased net sales and margin expansion, gross profit increased by 37.6% to $301.8 million in 
the first quarter in comparison to the prior-year quarter. 

Gross profit margin increased 40 basis points to 56.2%, compared to 55.8%. The increase in gross profit margin was 
primarily driven by an approximate 40 basis point favorable impact as a result of a weaker U.S. dollar, an increase in 
sales mix of higher-margin Asia-Pacific-based wholesale sales, and increased gross margins achieved in our outlet 
stores. Partially offsetting these increases in gross profit margin was an increase in the mix of sales of lower margin 
sales to third-party distributors and a sales mix decrease from our direct-to-consumer segment in comparison to the 
prior-year quarter. 

We are experiencing some increases in some component prices and labor. As a result, we could experience some input 
cost pressure over the balance of the year, and as a result, now expect gross margin for the year to be slightly below the 
initial 57% level we guided back in February. 

Q1 operating expenses increased by $41.1 million, compared to the prior-year quarter and included approximately $3.4 
million of expenses associated with the translation of foreign-based expenses as a result of a weaker U.S. dollar. For the 
first quarter, operating expenses expressed as a percentage of net sales decreased to 39%, compared to 42.8% last year, 
primarily the result of a stronger sales performance than we originally expected. On a constant dollar basis, operating 


expenses in our wholesale segments, direct-to-consumer segment, and corporate cost areas increased by $22.6 million, 
$12.7 million, and $2.4 million, respectively. 

Expense growth in the wholesale segments was principally a result of increased marketing expenses throughout all 
markets, as well as door expansion and compensation cost increases more heavily associated with our international 
businesses with a heavy weighting toward Asia. On the direct-to-consumer side, increases were primarily attributable 
to the expansion of our catalog mailings, increased Web-based marketing expenditures, and costs associated with the 
development of our North American-based CRM initiative. 

Operating income increased to 17.2% of net sales in the first quarter, compared to 13% of net sales in the prior-year 
quarter as a result of increased net sales, gross profit margin expansion, and lower operating expenses as a percentage 
of sales. During Q1, operating income was favorably impacted by approximately $1.9 million as a result of the 
translation of foreign-based sales and expenses into U.S. dollars. 

Given the operating leverage generated in Q1, and a slightly improved currency situation over the last 90 days, partially 
offset by the reduction in gross margin expectations over the balance of the year, we believe fiscal year operating 
margins will be slightly better than the original 17% to 17.5% guidance we provided on our call in February. 

On the investment side of things, a significant portion of the $25 million to $35 million strategic spend we discussed in 
the context of our original guidance is still yet to be spent over the remainder of the year. And just as a reminder, 
currency rate changes, as well as deviations from our current expectations in sales mix over the balance of the year 
could influence individual quarter and full-year gross margin and operating margin performance. 

Other income expense decreased unfavorably by $5.6 million during the first quarter in comparison to last year, and 
this was principally the result of net mark-to-market foreign currency transaction losses this quarter in comparison to 
net mark-to-market gains in last year's first quarter. These gains and losses are primarily related to our core contract 
hedging activities. 

Income tax expense for the first quarter was $31.2 million, resulting in an effective income tax rate of 34.9%. For the 
prior-year quarter, income tax expense was $16 million, resulting in an effective income tax rate of 29.9%. We estimate 
our fiscal year 2011 effective income tax rate will approximate 35%, excluding any discrete events. 

First quarter net income attributable to Fossil, Inc. increased by 55.5% to $55.8 million, or $0.86 per diluted share, 
inclusive of an approximate $0.04 diluted earnings per share reduction related to currency. This $0.04 loss represents 
losses of $0.06 from mark-to-market activity included in other income and expense, partially offset by per-share gains 
of $0.02 included in operating income from favorable currency translation rates in comparison to the prior-year quarter. 

Turning to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents, and securities available for sale totaling 
$355.3 million, compared to $458.2 million at the end of Q1 2010, and we have $9.7 million in total debt. In 
connection with our share repurchase program, during the first quarter, we purchased $94.5 million of our common 
stock, representing 1.2 million shares. And since the inception of our $750 million buyback authorization last 
September, we have repurchased approximately $310 million of our common stock to-date. This buyback represents 

4.7 million shares at an average price of approximately $65. 
Approximately $440 million remains open for additional share repurchases in connection with our $750 million 
authorization, and it is our intention to complete this buyback by its December 2013 expiration date. 

Inventory at the end of the first quarter was $402.6 million, representing an increase of 61% from the prior-year first 
quarter balance of $250.3 million. Higher inventory levels resulted from accelerating inventory purchases to 
compensate for the watch sales trends globally while continued smoothing of factory production resulted in a slight 
increase in factory lead times. This smoothing has the impact of increasing inventory during the first half of the year 
when sales are seasonally lower than the second half of the year. 

We expect inventory increases to slow over the balance of the year with projected year-end inventory slightly higher 
than the prior fiscal-year level, against a backdrop of strong double-digit sales growth expected for the full year. 


Accounts receivable increased by 34.2% to $219.7 million, compared to $163.7 million at the end of the prior-year first 
quarter, a result of the 38.6% increase in global wholesale shipments. First quarter days sales outstanding for our 
wholesale segment was 46 days in comparison to 47 days in Q1 last year. 

During the first quarter of 2011, we had capital expenditures of approximately $12 million, and are expecting fiscal 
year 2011 capital expenditures slightly north of $100 million. The planned increase in CapEx levels are related to 
accelerating new store openings and concession buildouts, leasehold improvements related to our new corporate office 
that we will be moving into in late Q3, and also, adding increased infrastructure capacity across our sales, marketing, 
distribution, supply chain, and other back-office functions. 

Depreciation and amortization expense for the first quarter totaled $10.3 million, and we estimate full-year 2011 
depreciation and amortization of approximately $50 million. As it relates to guidance for 2011, we are projecting fiscal 
2011 net sales growth in a range of 21% to 23% with higher percentage net sales increases in the first half of the year in 
comparison to the second half. 

For the second quarter of 2011 specifically, we see net sales increasing in a range of 28% to 30%. Second quarter 2011 
diluted earnings per share are expected to be in a range of $0.70 to $0.73, and includes an approximate $0.09 benefit 
from currency in comparison to Q2 last year. This includes a $0.11 gain in operating income relative to currency 
translation rates, partially offset by an expected $0.02 loss for mark-to-market and other translational currency activity 
reported in other income and expense. 

Additionally, Q2 this year is unfavorably impacted by $0.26 as a result of a much lower than normal effective tax rate 
in the second quarter last year. For fiscal year 2011, we are projecting diluted earnings per share in a range of $4.44 to 
$4.54, which includes $0.10 of favorable currency, including a $0.36 gain in operating income relative to currency 
translation rates, partially offset by a $0.24 loss from expected mark-to-market and other transactional currency activity 
reported in other income and expense. 

Considering shares repurchased to-date, in addition to our expected level of repurchases for the remainder of fiscal 
2011, we are estimating a $0.27 diluted share benefit and comparable year-over-year earnings as a result of a lower 
outstanding share count. However, a higher planned effective tax rate for 2011 in comparison to 2010 is expected to 
unfavorably impact year-over-year comparable diluted earnings per share by $0.29. Our forward guidance, as always, 
is based upon the current prevailing rate of the U.S. dollar to other foreign currencies for countries in which we operate. 

And now, I'd like to turn the call over to the operator to begin the question-and-answer portion of the call. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] And our first question does come from the line of Randy Konik with Jefferies. 

<Q - Randal J. Konik>: Hey, guys, how are you? Thanks a lot. Just Kosta, is there any color you can provide us on 
where you think – you said the watch cycle is in the early stages. How do you think about the watch cycle across 
different geographies, Asia, Europe, and the United States? Any differences in the innings of the ball game in those 
different regions? So that's my first question. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis>: Well, what we're seeing is more of a trend I think than a cycle, and I think it's similar, as 
some of the analyst reports have said, to what happened in handbags several years ago, where there was a five-year 
upward trend where the handbag business grew. It got more space, it got more attention, more resources, more 
salespeople, therefore, landed at a much higher level of business. I think we're seeing the same thing in watches. 

In the United States, we had obviously big sales increases at retail last year. What happened was the store subsequent to 
that gave the category more space, more inventory, and more salespeople, which gave them even higher sales increases. 
The number of our accounts in the United States are actually trending at a higher percent increase this year than they 


did last year just due to the additional space and resources and especially salespeople. 

So as we said before, we saw this start to happen a year and a half ago, I guess, in the United States and continuing I 
think somewhat of a spiral effect as it gets more resources and space, it's trending up even more. There's a lot of 
awareness in watches. It's enabled us to use it as a platform for a lot of new ideas and materials in there. We have a 
very large audience for innovation right now across all our brands, and that's been driving even more sales and 
awareness. We also had said that we were maybe a bit slow in getting that kind of approach into Europe, but when we 
started doing it earlier this year, we saw pretty good sales increases. 

And then of course, we're kind of looking at Asia as a couple things. One is I think the macro overall trend is probably 
much bigger than a watch trend, and we're playing into that in addition to those people being very predisposed anyway 
towards watches. So, we've got several things going on at one time, all of which look like they're in our favor. 

<Q - Randal J. Konik>: Great. And then just my last question, a two-parter, is just on your comment on Asia, getting 
to about a third of the business over time, is there a little bit more clarity you can give us on the comment of over time, 
meaning how fast do you think it will take to get there? And then, can you just give us a little bit more perspective on 
the Asian investment, what types of things are you doing from an infrastructure standpoint to get ready for concession 
growth, et cetera, just getting a little more color on that SG&A spend? Thanks. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis>: I guess you could say, in today's world, if you had a fully mature merchandising company 
that was global, you might say that the sales would be a third Asia, a third Europe, and a third U.S – Obviously, the 
huge changes going on in Asia are – at some point, those numbers will change where Asia probably would be larger, 
depending on what category you're in, and whether it's luxury or what level the business is. Obviously, luxury is going 
to end up, probably already is, a majority of the business, so long-term, we think that we have a big opportunity, and it 
could be a third of the business. 

But the issue we have now is that the U.S. is growing so fast and we're getting big growth in Europe so it's kind of a 
moving target. So, as to say how long it will take us to get to a third, it's very difficult because we're focused on 
growing the entire world, and at the same time, we're putting significant resources in Asia to capture that market. So, as 
to the expenditures we're making there, we have a whole re-organization, a huge org chart that we've been hiring into. 

We've hired a number of key players throughout the region, including some senior management people. And as I said, 
on the comments earlier, we've sent a number of ex-pats there to really accelerate the learning. So, we've sent people 
over there to help train and get people up to speed on our operating model, et cetera. And there's a number of other 
investments that we're making throughout the region to add management and people to manage concessions, open 
concessions, do visual presentations, do the construction and facilitation of fixturing. I mean, there's a number of large 
initiatives that they're focused on over there, and we're supporting them as much as possible. And we're really very, 
very active in the market right now. 

(28:33) 
<A - Mike L. Kovar>: Randy, to add to that, as well and Kosta talked about it a little bit on his part of the call, we are 
continuing to ramp up our e-commerce activities. And we've got e-commerce plans for a number of countries in Asia 
that we think will facilitate the FOSSIL brand in those markets. And we'll also support that in our expanded catalog 
mailings, which we would expect to occur, as well as we get those websites up, so we'll have a similar situation, albeit 
to a much lower base in terms of store, web and catalog to really facilitate the promotion of the FOSSIL brand in that 
region. 

<Q - Randal J. Konik>: Great. Thanks, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I appreciate it. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar>: Thanks. 

Operator 

And our next question does come from the line of Matt McClintock with Barclays Capital. 


<Q - Matthew McClintock>: Yeah, hi, good morning, and congrats on the quarter. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis>: Thanks, Matt. 

<Q - Matthew McClintock>: So, my first question is, maybe could you provide some more color on the trends that 
you're seeing in Europe, perhaps discuss the progression in sales that you saw throughout the quarter? And what are 
you seeing so far quarter to-date in the second quarter? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar>: I think as we've talked about and Kosta mentioned it a little bit on his earlier response to the 
first question, is that because of the distribution in Europe being a lot more diffused than it is in the U.S., and in saying 
that, what we mean is that in the U.S. we sell to a lot of department stores, so it's easy to make big statements, 
merchandise big platforms across a lot of the brands. In Europe, it's a much more fragmented customer base with a lot 
of mom-and-pop shops. 

So the time it takes to roll out these assortments individually versus having the opportunity to talk to one buyer that 
controls 640 stores in the case of Macy's, had us believing all along it would be a little bit longer period of time before 
we saw those trends take root in Europe as well. 

In addition to that, as we've said, the U.S. kind of went into the recession a couple of years ago a little bit quicker than 
Europe did and we expected Europe to come out of it a little bit later, and I think that's playing into it as well. Our 
trends remain solid in Europe. Again, we're seeing it broad-based across all of our brands. The FOSSIL brand store 
growth is still happening there. We're getting great comps. We're seeing significant increases, albeit on a lower base in 
some of our non-watch categories under the FOSSIL brand as well, both in handbags and in jewelry. So, we think that's 
an opportunity that allows us to continue to elevate the FOSSIL brand in that part of the world and should allow us to 
continue the strong growth we've seen there over the last nine months. 

<Q - Matthew McClintock>: Great, thank you. And then one more, if I may. Can you – the increase in inventory is 
pretty significant. I was wondering if you could maybe break it out into the buckets that you outlined. How much of the 
increase, and just maybe rough estimates or just generalizations so we can understand it better; how much of the 
increase is related to the smoothing, how much of the increase is related to accelerating purchases, direct-to-consumer 
growth, et cetera, et cetera? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar>: Don't know that we have it broken out in those buckets, but what we would say, Matt, is that if 
you look at the quarter-end balances, it would definitely be higher finished good levels, primarily due to the fact that 
we're increasing sales at a pretty robust pace. In addition, as we've talked about, the fact that we have allowed the 
production – or the assembly production factories to have more lead time to smooth their production levels out has 
increased the level of finished goods that we carry also in addition to that. 

On top of that, we're also carrying higher raw material costs as we go into the second half of the year. And I would also 
say that if you look at the two-year compare, in the first quarter last year, our sales were up 17% on a 12% decline in 
inventory. So, looking at it from a two-year perspective, we're much more in line with sales and inventory growth than 
we were, reporting a 61% increase on a 37% sales gain. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis>: The other comment we should make is that obviously we're driving very large sales 
increases across the company and across all geographies and businesses. The inventory that we have is actually very 
current, and you can see it in our outlet stores and margins going up; sell-throughs are very high. So, the inventory 
happens to be very, very current. 

<Q - Matthew McClintock>: Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

And our next question does come from the line of Anna Andreeva with JPMorgan. 


<Q - Anna A. Andreeva>: Great. Thanks so much. Good morning, guys. Congrats on a great quarter. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar>: Thanks, Anna. 

<Q - Anna A. Andreeva>: I was hoping to talk about gross margins, just hoping you could break down the impact 
from the third-party distributors in the first quarter. And should we expect that to continue as we go through 2011? And 
what's the magnitude of sourcing inflation that you guys are seeing? Just trying to understand the guidance for down 
gross margins for the year. It just seems like you will be benefiting from the positive mix shift through direct to 
consumer in the fourth quarter, and the mix shift to international as it continues, so it just seems that maybe that 
guidance is a little conservative. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar>: On the distributor side, the increase in the distributor sales above the overall sales increase for 
the company impacted gross margins by about 10 basis points. Again, relatively speaking, that business only represents 
about 10% to 12% of total sales around the world. In the context of the increase, we expect on a go-forward basis, I 
would say that it may be slightly higher than the overall sales guidance that we gave. 

We're seeing a tremendous amount of opportunity with our distribution partners in Eastern Europe, in the Middle East. 
South America is on fire right now as well. I think that business was up more than double in Brazil for the quarter. So, 
it's something that's going to be ongoing and continuing. From a component perspective, as everyone is seeing labor 
prices across the board in China increase, we too are being impacted by that, and there's a long-term trend for that to 
continue. 

I think there was a Wall Street article yesterday that talked about substantial increases in China, labor costs over the 
next five years. And like everyone else, that's where most of our goods are manufactured. From a – other than labor 
costs, we are seeing component cost increases in certain raw materials that are influencing our decision to take down 
our gross margins slightly for the balance of the year. As we've done over the last two years, we'll continue to look at 
engineering our gross margins relative through potentially increasing pricing to keep our margin performance 
consistent, but we have to stay aware of how the consumer is going to react to those situations as we add new 
assortments or new styles to our assortments around the world. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis>: So with these slight differences in margin we think are short term because you're correct; in 
the long term, as we have more Asia business and more retail, our margins over time will go up. 

<Q - Anna A. Andreeva>: Okay, okay, okay. That makes sense. And just looking out to the second quarter, what 
should we be expecting for gross margins? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar>: Well, as we said in the call, something slightly below the 57% level that we guided to back in 
February. Last year, we were at 57.4%, but we had a higher mix of direct-to-consumer sales. I think our 
direct-to-consumer business was almost 24% of the total company in Q2 last year. We're expecting that to be slightly 
lower this year as we start ramping up our store growth initiatives. As we get to the back half of the year, I think you'll 
see that direct-to-consumer will be more of a mix benefit to us throughout the third and fourth quarters. 

<Q - Anna A. Andreeva>: Okay, okay, got it. But conversely, SG&A leverage was much better than expected. Were 
there any timing shifts in the quarter? And I guess could we expect to see similar magnitude as we go forward? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar>: No, no real timing shifts. I would say it's very consistent with what we saw last year, Anna. 
And that anytime we can beat our sales plans, there's a high marginal impact to operating income relative to 17% – or 
57% sustainable margins, gross margins. So, it's just a flow-through impact of that sales beat that's so accretive to 
earnings at the end of the day. 

<Q - Anna A. Andreeva>: Got it. Okay. Okay, that's great. And I'm not sure if I missed this. What were your comps 
by division, just looking for U.S. versus Europe and Asia-Pac? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar>: I think – Kosta, do you have that in your section? U.S., and this is for the quarter, North 
America was up 25.6% for Q3. And that was on a 23.9% – Q1, I'm sorry. And that was on top of a 23.9%, last year for 
Q1. Europe was up 8.1% on a 7.8%. And Asia was up 26.5% on a 13.5% last year. 


<Q - Anna A. Andreeva>: Okay. Okay, perfect. Well, thanks so much. Best of luck, guys. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar>: Thanks, Anna. 

Operator 

And our next question does come from the line of Scott Krasik with BB&T Capital Markets. 

<Q - Scott D. Krasik>: Hi. Thanks for taking my question this morning. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis>: Hey, Scott. 

<Q - Scott D. Krasik>: The first question – a couple questions on Asia. Maybe talk about the brand recognition right 
now for FOSSIL versus your licensed brands, how you would characterize the progress there first? Thanks. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis>: Well, we have, I think, right now about 51 stores in Asia. We just opened a number of 
stores in Japan. And in fact I was in Tokyo a couple weeks ago, saw a couple stores we opened there that are really 
incredible locations, great brand-building. We also are in the process in Japan for example, as – we're going to open an 
e-commerce site there in June and we will start distributing our catalog there. And with the emphasis we have on the 
CRM project, we think that we can go in there in a market like that and really build the brand, especially with these 
stores there, and then add concessions in department stores. 

We think we're in a great position to grow there. So, that business in Japan started with our licensed brands. I think 
Diesel is actually our largest brand there, and all the other brands are – grew pretty readily just because of the brand 
awareness. And we have come as a follow-on and put some FOSSIL stores in the market. I think we have 14 in Japan 
right now. We're building a website and we'll start doing a catalog. And we're getting a great response to the FOSSIL 
brand in general. It seems to be working all over the world. 

The same thing is true in the other markets. So, the plan is to go into Korea and Hong Kong, China, and build stores in 
great locations, then put FOSSIL concessions inside department stores, and then also, accelerate that with e-commerce 
sites. One thing I would mention is that these e-commerce sites we're putting around the world, we will have 10 
FOSSIL e-commerce sites around the world. These are all directly owned and managed out of our existing buildings 
and warehouses, et cetera, and go through our system. 

These are not outsourced. Because we have these companies all of the world, we kind of have an early-mover 
advantage both on retail aisle and e-commerce we're able to do this ourselves to help facilitate the growth. So, if you 
could say in general, the whole idea was to – we go in with a multi-brand portfolio of watches, which gives us 
immediate critical mass, and we're selling products there and, depending on the market, we put resources in the market 
to help build the FOSSIL brand. You can see from the comps we're getting in our stores, and the response to the 
business, they love the FOSSIL brand. And if you look at the long-term demographics of the region, there's going to be 
hundreds of millions of additional people in the middle class, which is really the FOSSIL customer all through Asia, so 
we're very excited about the future. The response to the brand has been very strong. And it's just a matter of just 
building out the network. 

<Q - Scott D. Krasik>: Thanks, Kosta. And when you talk about having concessions, are these mono-brand 
concessions? Are you doing the multi-brand concept yet? And how many concessions are you at, and how many can 
you get to? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis>: So if you look at our business model, we have basically two core businesses, the FOSSIL 
brands, and then the multi-brand watch business. So, in Asia, for example, we're developing a group of people that will 
build the FOSSIL brand, so there will be stores, websites, and concessions, FOSSIL stores inside of department stores. 

We also have a multi-brand watch business in those markets where there will be concessions and potentially Watch 
Station stores in those markets as well. So, in some of the stores throughout Asia, we will have a FOSSIL store inside a 


department store. And in that same-store, we'll have a multi-brand watch concession. And this all ties back in with our 
long-term Watch Station strategy to really study closely how we are as a direct vertical retailer of the watch category in 
really an effort to gain market share, and to communicate the whole idea of fashion watches around the world, and the 
brands that we carry. So, we think the Watch Station idea globally kind of dovetails in with our concessions strategy, 
especially in Asia, as we move forward. So, it's a big, long-term strategy on both the FOSSIL brand and on the 
multi-brand watch business. 

<Q - Scott D. Krasik>: Can you give rough numbers now how many you have, and how many in two years maybe? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis>: Well, we have something like 300 concessions around the world right now, and I think that 
includes our House of Fraser in the U.K. And we have some in northern Europe as well. And we will add hundreds 
more. I mean, that is what the whole infrastructure build in Asia is about. So, there will be hundreds more. China alone 
could be hundreds by itself, so that's partly what the whole strategy is. 

<Q - Scott D. Krasik>: That's excellent. And then, Mike, just lastly, in terms of the investment spending this year, can 
you quantify or maybe identify what pieces are truly one-time or will fall off after 2011? Obviously, you're going to 
continue to add growth in Asia, so. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar>: Yes, obviously, this is an ongoing situation with certain areas of opportunities for growth, but I 
would say that the $7 million that we've estimated that will be spent on the CRM initiative this year, most of that will 
fall off. There'll obviously be an ongoing maintenance charge related to the software of that application as we move 
forward. The new building, about $4 million of that will be a one-time move, write-off of some old fixturing and 
existing buildings that will happen in the third quarter. 

And then, 50% or more of that $25 million to $35 million that we've identified in investment spend is geared toward 
Asia. And I would say over the next couple of years, we could see that as ongoing. 

Again, our investments will be determined based upon how successful we are in moving our businesses forward in each 
of those markets as well. 

<Q - Scott D. Krasik>: All right. Thanks very much. Congratulations. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar>: Thanks, Scott. 

Operator 

And our next question does come from the line of Barbara Wyckoff with CLSA. 

<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: Hi, everyone. Can you hear me? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar>: Yes, Barbara. Yes, great. 

<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: Hello. Yes. Can you talk about how many concessions do you have now by country in Asia? 
And can you talk about the mechanics of how they run? Are they different, China, Japan, Korea, or they have different 
sort of – are they all pretty much the same? And then can you talk about the four-wall margins in your own stores? And 
is there a difference between the legacy versus the new stores? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis>: On the concessions, we don't have the numbers by country, but the way it works is 
basically, we go in and pay a percentage of sales, we own the inventory, and those are our sales people. The great thing 
about the concessions and probably the reason for Korea's growing so fast is we capture full retail. And the operating 
margin on those operations is very, very strong. 

So it's a great way to grow and also, the capture of bigger part of the retail picture and also, to control our own destiny. 
The number one thing is to have our own people and our own visual presentation presented the way we want to with 
the right amount of inventory flowing correctly, and really drive significant sales if it's done correctly, which is what 
we're focused on. Mike, on the four-wall? 


<A - Mike L. Kovar>: Yeah, Barbara, on the four-wall we – go ahead? 

<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: Just – you talk about the four-wall, and then I'll come back. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar>: Yeah, on the four wall, as you've seen over the last two years, we've seen significant 
improvement in the contribution of four-wall margins from our direct-to-consumer business. We've always said that 
with a little store base and with building the infrastructure, we've built to that organization over the last 4, 4.5 years, 
that as we added new store to the base, we would see great returns on our investments there. In fact, in 2010, we 
improved overall operating margin contributions from our direct-to-consumer segment by over 300 basis points, and 
we see that as something to be ongoing. We are focused on productivity as we mentioned. That's why we're obviously 
very open to closing down locations that either don't meet our expectations, our locations that are not the same 
demographic that they were 10 years ago when we opened the store. We're seeing the improvement across all regions. 

I would say from a sales productivity, Europe continues to be the most productive store base that we have, but Asia 
with the comps, it's been able to add on 40% two year combined for the first quarter, is quickly challenging Europe on 
that metric. And the U.S. has obviously improved substantially as well with over – or almost a 50% comp increase on a 
two-year basis. So, overall, we expect the improvement in the operating margin contribution from the 
direct-to-consumer business to be ongoing. And we think that will happen in both in terms of our retail stores, as well 
as from our e-commerce businesses that we're increasing around the world. 

<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: And just totally how many concessions do you have? I don't have it by country, but just 
roughly, rough number, 200, 300? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar>: We have about 300, Barbara, with most of those being in Asia, and they're really spread out 
across each country. I would say highlighting our model in Korea is all concessions at this point in time. At the end of 
the first quarter, we ended up with 58 of those concessions, and there is a total of about 65, so we have about seven 
more concessions that we'll be taking over from our former distributor there over the next couple of months. Japan is a 
market we're focusing on. China is a market we're focusing on. We have concessions in Asia, and Hong Kong, and 
Macao. And then as Kosta mentioned, we operate the House of Fraser store watch department, which is a concession. 
And we have a couple of customers that we operate concessions in the Netherlands and in Austria. 

<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: Okay, thanks. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar>: You're welcome. 

<Q - Barbara Wyckoff>: Great quarter. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar>: Thanks. 

Operator 

And our next question does come from the line of Eric Beder with Brean Murray. 

<Q - Eric M. Beder>: Good morning. Congrats on a great quarter. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar>: Thanks, Eric. 

<Q - Eric M. Beder>: Could you talk a little bit more in depth about what you're trying to accomplish with the CRM 
in terms of – what you're trying to do with the CRM program down the road? How long do you think it's going to take 
to layer that in? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis>: Well, we just finished the first phase of that, which has basically given us what we call a 
single view of the customer. What it's basically enabling us to do is to identify FOSSIL customers and FOSSIL fans 
that are buying from our stores, website or potentially even department stores, so we're compiling information on them 
and trying to identify who they are; and it will help us communicate more efficiently with them, identify what types of 


products they're buying from us, and it also will give us the ability to measure the effectiveness of our different 
marketing programs. So, for example, if we sent a catalog out to a certain region, we can measure the comp store sales 
in our stores from it and really measure the effectiveness of all of our marketing vehicles, including e-mail, store traffic, 
et cetera. So, it's a very robust CRM program that we think is going to have a pretty quick and very strong ROI on it. 

<Q - Eric M. Beder>: In terms of the domestic stores, what's the focus in terms of that? How many of these split – in 
the 80 to 85, how many is going to be domestic, and how many is going to be U.S., how many's going to be 
international? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar>: Yes, as we said, Eric, expectations are about 50% of those will be opened in the U.S. and 50% 
outside the United States. Again, as I mentioned in my portion of the call, we're always subject to having the right 
location and making sure that the terms are what we would like them to be. But I would say our intention is to have 
those stores equally split. This is the first year we've really ramped back up growth in the U.S. because a lot of the 
stores that we opened in 2008 weren't hitting our pro forma objectives. Those stores have substantially improved in 
terms of operating performance over the last two years. And the overall comp situation in the stores, as I mentioned 
earlier, has improved significantly. And we're very positive on adding the U.S. back to the store growth. 

<Q - Eric M. Beder>: And what about the closures? Are most of those going to be in the U.S., or are they also split? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar>: I would say there'll be some across all markets. A number of those are a number of the clothing 
stores that we have that were opened 10, 11 years ago that just aren't in the right locations for how we envision that 
concept moving forward. In addition, we do expect to open some additional clothing stores as well. We're continuing to 
test that model. We talk about Stonebriar being kind of the flagship store. That store continues to amaze us with its 
performance. We just remodeled KOP. We've got a few stores in Germany as well that are doing quite well. 

So we're going to continue to roll out some additional doors on the clothing side. And then we have normal stores that 
we close down and outlets that are just coming upon leases and other stores that may be facing lease termination that 
we don't want to move forward with, or leases or stores that aren't performing to our expectations and we have terms 
that offer a kick-out clause. 

<Q - Eric M. Beder>: Great. And last question, what should we be thinking about in terms of the share count, given all 
the repurchases you've done from Q2 and beyond? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar>: Well, we estimate for the full year somewhere between probably 63.5 million to 64 million in 
the outstanding share count for purposes of diluted earnings per share calculations. Obviously, it's not as impactful as 
we originally thought due to the fact that obviously the stock has kind of gone on a run. And I think when we 
announced the share buyback back in September last year, the $750 million represented 25% of the then-market cap of 
the company. Obviously, it's much less than that with the stock price nearly tripling since that time. 

<Q - Eric M. Beder>: Yeah, it's a nice problem to have. Congratulations. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar>: [Laughter] Thanks, Eric. 

Operator 

And our next question does come from the line of Robin Murchison with SunTrust. 

<Q - Robin S. Murchison>: I'll add my congratulations. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis>: Thanks, Robin. 

<Q - Robin S. Murchison>: I wanted to just clarify or get a little more color. You're not raising prices at this point. Is 
that correct? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis>: We have put a number of new ideas in the market in all categories, watches, handbags, et 
cetera, that have additional details and materials. You'll see in our leather handbags for example, we're much upgraded, 


better hardware, and the retails are higher. So, we're not raising prices on like-for-like. We're just really innovating into 
a more aspirational brand outlook and that's the – average in retail is going up because of that. 

<Q - Robin S. Murchison>: Okay, so, but not on watches, on similar styles or repeated styles versus last year, you're 
maintaining your price points, correct? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis>: We do have some examples of – in our company of where material costs have gone up. For 
example, there is an increase in price in diamonds that may cause us to raise prices in Michelle, for example. So, there 
are some specific circumstances where we may be doing that, but not broadly and not generally across the board. 

<Q - Robin S. Murchison>: Okay, good. And then I think Mike mentioned labor. Just are you seeing anything in 
terms of capacity, or capacity constraints or factory movements or anything along those lines? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis>: Since the business got very strong a year ago, we've had great challenges in just producing 
the kind of quantities that we are needing in the market, so that's been what the initiative has been for smoothing, which 
has had the – it's had the impact of somewhat slowing down our lead time. One thing I would say is our entire supply 
chain in our factories has done an amazing job all through this, and really getting very scientific about priorities, and 
what they're making, and when they're making it, and how they're flowing it. I mean, we've gotten really, really good at 
doing this, so we've been able to minimize the impact of having a longer lead time. 

So for example, during a relatively slow month in the factory that normally we would not be up to capacity, what we're 
producing during that time may be our quick response styles, styles that we know are going to sell for a long period of 
time. And we're reserving space in the factory during peak time, say August, September, for new, fast-selling items that 
we need to be produced. So, we've gotten, I think, very, very good at doing that, which has minimized the impact on 
what the capacity restraints would do to our lead time. 

Now, over the long term, we have a number of initiatives over there to raise our capacity so we can be faster. And the 
labor component of this is, we have had increases in labor. We did last year, this year. I'd say one thing that we saw and 
partly why we're slightly lowering our margin expectations because we're seeing labor prices increase probably more 
than we expected to a certain degree. And we're very willing to pay them because the efficient flow and product is 
much more important than that number. So, we're working through this and we think that over the long term, we will 
have additional capacity. We're very focused on shortening our lead times, which is, we think a strength of the 
company, enabling us to be resilient through good times and bad. And we're just moving forward. 

<Q - Robin S. Murchison>: Thank you, guys. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar>: Thanks, Robin. 

Operator 

And our next question does come from the line of Alex Fuhrman with Piper Jaffray. 

<Q - Alex J. Fuhrman MBA>: Thanks a lot, guys. Just wanted to chat briefly I guess on your different store formats, 
specifically, the clothing store format. You mentioned the KOP store earlier. I was actually at the store about a month 
ago and certainly, it looks great, it's in a much bigger store. My understanding is that these clothing stores have a much 
higher productivity, and they're certainly a small percentage of the store fleet right now. 

So just trying to get a sense of what is the productivity benefit from some of these stores that you've remodeled into 
that concept? And where would you expect the productivity of these stores to come out relative to the rest of your fleet? 
And then kind of thinking about clothing, it seems like intuitively, that's a lower merchandise margin category, but 
probably has a quicker inventory turn, so just trying to get a sense of what the impact of that is on four-wall margins for 
that format. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis>: Well, I'll just give you a perspective on the whole thing. It basically is an incubator, and 
we're studying what this could mean. The one thing that we have found out is that having apparel – clothing in our 


catalog website has been a great brand-builder for us and it's really helped us on our mission to become an 
accessories-based lifestyle brand. You may notice that some clothing brands are now wanting to be accessories-based 
lifestyle brands. The accessories business long term has got so many benefits that that's the right place to be. 

Having said that, we are, we think, getting increasing brand awareness because of our great photography and our great 
shots that we use on our catalog and website. It really communicates the brand very well. The one thing that we said 
earlier is that those stores that we have, there was 31 at the end of last year, we actually had a four-wall profit last year. 
So far this quarter, through the first quarter we had a 17% comp again. The one thing we saw in Stonebriar, as Mike 
mentioned, it's beating expectations. And if you look at a mall or even on the Internet, the apparel business, the 
clothing, business is so much larger than the accessory business. People are shopping for clothing all the time both 
online and in the malls. What we found is that in our Stonebriar store is that we're getting more customers to come in 
the store because there's clothing in there, and what we're selling in fact is more accessories. That store is actually 
doing more accessories business than our average accessory store is. 

So we're basically going through this. We're studying it. We're going to close eight stores this year, probably open 12 to 

15. We'll probably end up at the end of the year about 35 to 40 stores. In addition to that, it's going to stay on our 
website and catalog, and we have a great design team. We've got some new people down there. They're doing a great 
job. And we think it's very additive to the business. It can be a long-term benefit to us. We have seen great productivity 
in those stores, and we're very pleased with the business. And having said all that, it's still an incubator, and we're 
focused on the accessories concept. 
<A - Mike L. Kovar>: Alex, one more point to add on that. This is a category that we only see in our own stores, in 
our own distribution channels. We would never take the clothing into department stores. To your point, that's a much 
messier business, so we'll control it through our own distribution. 

<Q - Alex J. Fuhrman MBA>: Right. That's very helpful. Thanks, guys. And then just kind of curious, I was in 
Central Europe a few weeks ago and was in one of your stores in Vienna, and noticed that it looks like on a couple – on 
a couple like-for-like items in the watch category and women's handbag category, that some of your prices are maybe 
20%, 30% higher in some of these European markets. Would you say that's accurate? And does that translate into a 
higher margin there or is there maybe something on the labor or real estate side that tempers that? 

<A - Mike L. Kovar>: It does translate to a higher margin, and in general in Europe, we probably see prices, excluding 
that on their end, excluding sales tax on our end, at probably a 15% to 20% premium across the broad region. In Asia, 
you could see 30% to 40% premiums in certain markets like Japan and Korea and China. If we look at our retail stores 
around the world, on average, the international stores deliver about a 600 basis point improvement in gross margins 
because of the premium pricing that they're afforded. But, generally, real estate costs are higher in Europe than they are 
in the U.S., whereas in the U.S., we're working within malls. 

A lot of the locations that we build stores in Europe are generally street locations that are individual landlord-owned 
buildings that have been in the family for many of years. Additionally, the labor component in Europe is a little bit 
more expensive, in that it's primarily more of a permanent situation then a lot of part-time or temporary that we find in 
the U.S.. But all in all, the productivity of those stores on a gross margin basis and on an operating margin basis are 
opportunities for us as we move forward. 

<Q - Alex J. Fuhrman MBA>: Great. That exactly answers my question. Thanks a lot and good luck this year. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar>: Thanks, Alex. 

Operator 

And our next question does come from the line of Cliff Greenberg with Baron. 

<Q - Cliff Greenberg>: Hi there. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar>: Hi, Cliff. 


<Q - Cliff Greenberg>: Hi, guys. Congratulations. As you discussed with the clothing store before, can you explain 
your thinking on Watch Station now? It sounds like it has a bigger future in your plans potentially in Asia. So how 
many stores do we have now? When do we start testing this concept of using that for a multi-brand retail strategy in 
Asia or wherever? Thank you. 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis>: I would say it's an incubator as well. I think we have 16 multi-brand stores now, and I think 
we just opened something like eight more. The Watch Station stores in the United States are outlet stores basically with 
an exception of one. And we have just recently hired a new Senior VP to manage that business, who's got a lot of 
experience in single category global retailing, so we're very interested in what the long term of this could be. 

We also are very interested in, especially, in emerging markets, some places like Asia and some other emerging 
markets, they don't have a natural distribution for fashion watches. There's not department stores that carry fashion 
watches. And in those situations, we may be a concession and the concession long-term may be branded Watch 
Stations. There also could potentially be a franchise situation in some emerging markets where we get an investor, 
investment group or some large real estate company to build out some kind of network of Watch Station stores. And all 
these things are, we think, a very long-term part of our strategy to really fill the world with this category and be a big 
market share player in it. And, we think that there is an opportunity for us to present watches in our own environment 
in a very creative and kind of aficionado way that would even give more life to the category and enable us to 
communicate the brands that we have even stronger across the world. 

<Q - Cliff Greenberg>: Got it. So Kosta, in this year are you going to do any of these Watch Station stores in 
emerging markets or Asia? Or you'll start playing around with that next year? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis>: Mostly North America this year. 

<Q - Cliff Greenberg>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

Operator 

And our last question does come from the line of Rick Patel with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Rick B. Patel CFA>: Hi. Good morning, everyone. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar>: Hi, Rick. 

<Q - Rick B. Patel CFA>: Just a quick follow-up on the earlier pricing question. Do you expect – when do you expect 
to take prices higher this year on like-for-like products? And what is your level of confidence your customers will be 
willing to accept those higher prices? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis>: Well, we actually are not raising prices on like for like in very many instances. As I said, I 
mentioned one, which was Michelle, and just to give you the price of diamonds increasing, so there are some key styles 
in there that are ongoing that will have to go up in price just because of the pure increases in diamonds, but across the 
board, we're not raising prices on categories. 

What we're doing basically and we've been doing this for a couple years basically is as we innovate and put new 
materials into the market in all the brands, what we're finding is the customer's willing to spend more for more 
higher-level componentry, detail, and materials. So it's not like for like the same item being more expensive. It's more 
expensive construction details and materials, especially in FOSSIL, where we've have been on this mission to make the 
brand more aspirational. 

We've actually dropped some lower-priced items from the lines in all categories, some things that maybe didn't 
represent the brand the way we want to, so we've actually dropped some lower-priced items. And as we've added more 
expensive materials, details, et cetera, both on the watch side and on the leather goods side, as I mentioned before, we 
have – our leather handbags right now have much more aspirational, heavier hardware. They look much more 


directional and the averaging retails are higher than maybe what we might have sold a couple years ago, which might 
have been fabric and maybe not as much hardware, et cetera. So we're kind of reformulating. We're not really raising 
prices on the same item across the board, with very few exceptions. 

<Q - Rick B. Patel CFA>: And can you talk a little bit more specifically about the trends you're seeing right now in 
terms of innovation and new materials and how well you're positioned to take advantage of those? 

<A - Kosta N. Kartsotis>: Yes, I think you can go on our stores or online and you can see all the new things that we 
have out there. I think the overall impact is that we started putting a lot of these new things on the market last year, got 
great responses to it. And a lot of those things are still selling in very large numbers. We've just added additional new 
materials and new categories that are adding even more sales. 

So I think it's partly what we described earlier in that we have a much larger voice. We have a bigger footprint in the 
stores. Stores are giving more salespeople, the customers are more interested, and therefore they're buying probably 
multiple watches and there's just a lot more interest in the category. And anything that we put in there that's new seems 
to be additive and not necessarily taking away from other categories. So I think we're in a really good position going 
forward. 

<Q - Rick B. Patel CFA>: That's helpful. Thanks a lot, and best of luck. 

<A - Mike L. Kovar>: Thanks, Rick. 

Operator 

And at this time, I would like to turn the call back over to management for any closing comments. 

Mike L. Kovar 

Thanks, Greg. Should you want to replay this conference call, it has been recorded and will be available from 10 AM 
Central time today until 12 midnight Central time tomorrow by calling 303-590-3030, or 1-800-406-7325 and entering 
pass code 4434391. Again, those numbers are 303-590-3030, or 1-800-406-7325, pass code 4434391, followed by the 
pound sign. 

The conference call has also been recorded by StreetEvents, and may be accessed through StreetEvents' website at 
www.streetevents.com, or directly through our website at Fossil.com, by clicking on Investor Relations on our home 
page, and then on Webcasts. Finally, should you have any questions that did not get addressed today, please give me a 
call. 

Thanks again for joining us today. Our next scheduled conference call will be in August for the release of our second 
quarter 2011 operating results. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


