Q1 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 


• Gary Ginsburg, Executive Vice President, Global Marketing and Corporate Affairs 
• David DeVoe, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Richard Greenfield 
• Jessica Reif Cohen 
• Michael Nathanson 
• Doug Mitchelson 
• Benjamin Swinburne 
• Peter Chernin 
• Jolanta Masojada 
• Mark Wienkes 
• Michael Morris 
• Spencer Wang 
• Jason Bazinet 
• Adam Alexander 
• Imran Khan 
• Anthony DiClemente 
• David Bank 
• Alan Gould 
• James Quinn 
• Leah McLennan 
• Marc Hankmann 
• Kenneth Li 
• Georg Szalai 
• Dade Hayes 
• Shira Ovide 
• Robert MacMillan 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the News Corp. first quarter 2009 earnings release 
conference call. 

At this time, all phone lines are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder today's conference call is 
being recorded. 

And with that, I would now like to introduce your opening speaker for today, Executive Vice President, Gary Ginsberg. 
Please go ahead, sir. 


Gary Ginsburg, Executive Vice President, Global Marketing and Corporate 
Affairs 

Thank you, operator. And welcome to our fiscal first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. 

Joining me today are Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and CEO of News; Peter Chernin, President and Chief Operating 
Officer; and Dave DeVoe, our CFO. As is our custom, Dave will begin the call with a summary of the results followed 
by some general commentary from Rupert. Given the lateness of the hour and the fact that so many of us were up late 
last night, we will then go straight to your questions. 

This call is, of course, governed by the Safe Harbor provisions. On this call we will make statements that constitute 
forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These 
forward-looking statement involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors including those described 
in News' public filings with the SEC that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in the 
forward-looking statements. 

Finally, please note that certain financial measures we will use in this call such as EPS and net income are expressed on 
non-GAAP basis and have been adjusted to exclude certain items. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation will be 
posted on our website on our investor relations earnings release page. 

With that, I'll turn the call over to Dave. 

David DeVoe, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Gary, thank you. Good afternoon, everybody. 

As you have seen in today's earnings release, News Corporation reported mixed year-over-year comparisons for the 
quarter ended September 30. Some businesses, particularly SKY Italia and our cable networks, showed continued 
underlying growth. As expected, our film segment declined from its near record prior year performance while our other 
divisions, principally our advertising sensitive businesses, were affected by the economic slowdown and reported lower 
contributions than a year ago. As a result, operating income for this first fiscal quarter declined 9% to $953 million 
from last year's record first quarter of 1.05 billion. 

At our associated entities, we reported equity losses of $359 million in this quarter compared to $246 million in income 
a year ago. This variance is primarily attributable to the inclusion of $447 million in losses from Premiere principally 
representing a write-down of our investment as well as the absence of equity earnings from DIRECTV and from 
Gemstar, both of which were disposed of in the latter half of fiscal 2008. 

Our other income line reflects the gain on the sale of eight television stations and an unrealized gain from mark to 
market adjustments on our BUCS liability. 

The company reported net income of $515 million as compared to $732 million in last year's first quarter. The absence 
of $131 million in results of property sold including DIRECTV, Gemstar and eight television stations contributed to 
this decline. Earnings per share for the quarter was $0.20, a $0.03 decrease from last year's reported earnings per share 
of $0.23. 

Given you should now have a copy of our earnings release, I will not review all of our business segments, however, I 
would like to provide context on the performance of a few of our businesses. 

At our Film segment, operating income declined, as expected, from the near record first quarter of a year ago. The 
segment reported $251 million in operating income, a decline of $111 million from last year's results which included 
the theatrical releases of The Simpsons Movie and Live Free or Die Hard. This year our new releases including Meet 
Dave, X-Files: I want to Believe and The Rocker did not match the results of those prior year's releases. 


Since the end of the quarter we released two titles: Max Payne and The Secret Life of Bees which are both performing 
well. 

At our television stations operating income in the quarter of $54 million declined by $129 million as compared to the 
first quarter a year ago. This result reflects the impact of lower station advertising revenues, a charge at STAR of 
approximately $30 million related to the termination of a channel distribution agreement and the absence of earnings 
from the sale of eight stations in July. These eight stations accounted for revenue and earnings declines of $63 million 
and $17 million respectively. 

Revenues at our remaining stations declined 17% and operating income decreased 44% in the quarter. This result 
reflects the current weak local television advertising markets and in particular the automotive, telecom and movie 
categories. 

At the FOX Broadcasting Network, profits were in line with year ago results as lower programming costs offset the 
absence of results from the Emmy Awards which were broadcast a year ago on Fox. 

Now, moving on to the cable networks where we continued to show very strong growth and operating income 
contributions were up 31% above last year. This is on increased affiliate and advertising revenues. The largest 
year-on-year gains in the quarter were from the RSNs, this reflects higher affiliate rates, from the Fox News Channel 
due to higher rates and additional subscribers and advertising revenue increases. Our international channels performed 
very well as increasing from both advertising and affiliate increases led by our Latin American and European channels. 
Finally greatly reduced losses at the Big Ten Network reflecting their new distribution agreement, all contributed to this 
very strong result. 

Moving to SKY Italia who also posted an extremely strong result, with operating profit of $165 million, a $117 million 
increase from the first quarter a year ago. Roughly $70 million or 60% of this increase relates to the timing of revenue 
recognition associated with our premium soccer packages. In prior years, this revenue would have been recognized 
over the remaining three quarters of our fiscal year since we did not broadcast programming on these tiers in July and 
August. However, this year we expanded our programming on these tiers to run throughout the year, as a result, we 
now recognize the revenue from these tiers evenly over the year. 

Consistent with this programming initiative, ARPU in the quarter averaged €43 as compared to last year's reported €39. 
Other metrics were more in line with year ago results. SKY added 38,000 net new subscribers in the quarter as 
compared to 45,000 in the year ago quarter. SKY now has over 4.6 million is subscribers. Churn was below year ago 
levels and is on track to achieve an annual churn rate of around 10%, and SAC in the quarter was a little under $300 
million which is slightly above year ago levels reflecting increased marketing to support a price increase in the quarter. 

In the newspaper and information service segment, operating income in this quarter was $134 million versus 93 million 
in the year ago period. It's important to recall, however, that last year's first quarter included approximately $100 
million in charges related to higher accelerated depreciation and related costs in connection with our UK printing 
initiative. So excluding these items, operating income declined approximately $60 million, which was principally the 
result of advertising revenue declines. 

In the United Kingdom advertising revenues were down nearly 10% from declines in display and classified advertising 
principally at our quality titles. In Australia, display advertising was about even with the prior year level. However, 
classified advertising revenues declined 7%. This is principally the result of reduced employment advertising. 

Also in the quarter, Dow Jones Financial results have been included with ours since the completion of the acquisition in 
December of 2007. So the prior year reported figures do not include comparative amounts and as a result, our revenues 
benefited in the first quarter of fiscal 2009 by nearly $500 million. The impact of Dow Jones on operating income was 
not significant in the quarter as profits from operations were offset by purchase accounting expenses. 

Shifting to our book publishing segment, first quarter operating income contributions were down $33 million compared 
to last year due to lower sales at our general books group, higher return provisions and reduced third party distribution 
income. Last year's results included strong sales from The Dangerous Book for Boys and distribution profits from the 


release of Harry Potter. 

At our other segment we reported a first quarter operating loss of $101 million, $58 million higher than a year ago. This 
higher loss is primarily due to lower contributions from NDS as well as higher losses at our developing Eastern 
European television businesses. 

At Fox Interactive Media, revenue in the quarter of $220 million were up 17% compared to a year ago as a result of 
higher search and advertising revenue. Operating income contributions were similar to year ago levels, as the revenue 
gains were offset by planned increases in operating and production costs associated with MySpace's domestic and 
international expansion and the additions of new features. 

Finally, let me address our guidance for fiscal 2009. As a reminder, you will recall that we measure this guidance 
excluding from fiscal 2008 results the $253 million in operating profit contribution from businesses or assets sold in 
fiscal 2008 which are no longer included in our ongoing results. Namely, the eight TV stations, the three RSNs sold to 
Liberty and the UK land sale. So as we look at measuring comparisons to fiscal 2009, we are comparing to base of 5.13 
billion in operating profit for fiscal 2008. 

In early August, we indicated that we were anticipating our operating income growth rate for fiscal 2009 to be in the 
4% to 6% range above the 5.1 billion fiscal 2008 adjusted result. Since that time, we have seen a marked deterioration 
in confidence and economic conditions related to the current global financial crisis. The direct impact of this to us has 
been that the advertising environment for local broadcast television has weakened considerably. So have newspaper 
advertising trends in all the territories in which we operate. 

Additionally, the U.S. dollar has strengthened by nearly 20% against the euro and the sterling and over 25% against the 
Australian dollar reducing translated US dollar contributions from our principal international operations. As a result, 
taking all these factors into account and considering that we have only limited visibility into calendar '09 advertising 
and currency trends, we are reducing our fiscal 2009 operating income outlook to now be down on a percentage basis 
in the low to mid teens from the 5.13 billion fiscal 2008 result. 

Looking at the change in our outlook from August to today, roughly 1/3 of the change in this outlook is due to the 
strengthening US dollar. A further 40% of the change is from the challenging advertising markets in our US television 
and our international newspaper businesses and the remainder reflects our view on business trends and the rest of our 
business operations. 

Again, we want to stress that in developing our outlook, we have only limited visibility into trading conditions in the 
second half of our fiscal year. As a result, our outlook assumes that exchange rates and advertising trends remain where 
they are today. While, we are continuing to run our businesses on a lean cost base, we are also intensely focused on 
cost reductions to respond to these revenue challenges. 

And with that, I'd now like to turn the call over to Rupert for some additional comments. 

Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. 

The revised guidance Dave just gave is a clear reflection of the current economic downturn which we believe will 
persist throughout fiscal 2009 and prove extremely challenging to the media sector. I just want to stress that we are – 
this is covering next year, whereas most other media companies have only been giving guidance for the last three 
months of this year. 

But having weathered many down cycles in the past and emerged even stronger, we have prepared ourselves well for 
this cycle. We have consistently maintained a strong balance sheet and a strategic array of businesses. As a result, we 
are as well-positioned as possible to face what may well turn into a prolonged economic slump. We have instituted 
stringent cost cutting measures across all our businesses to operate even more efficiently. We are managing down our 
already lean head count wherever appropriate. 


Given our strong cash position, we are also not going to starve our businesses. And where appropriate, we will continue 
to invest in those businesses and opportunities that represent our next generation of growth. We intend to come through 
this with strengthened and more profitable franchises in all our businesses. We have confidence that the strategy which 
has profited us so consistently this decade will continue to be the right course even in these difficult days, maintaining 
diversified assets at different stages of growth and keeping a strong, yet flexible balance sheet. 

As Dave just mentioned, our businesses across the board are being challenged right now by weakening ad markets and 
our group wide result is further being impacted by progressively weakened foreign currencies when translating these 
results to US dollars. 

There are bright spots to balance the picture. Our cable group continues to perform extremely well with Fox News 
continuing to dominate the cable news market, Fox International channels generating some of the highest margins in 
the international cable industry and the Big Ten Network is poised to break into profit in its second year of operation. 
SKY Italia continues to be a top performer with more than 4.6 million subscribers and our Internet revenues continue to 
grow very well. 

Our film division admittedly got off to a slow start, but we have a very strong holiday slate with Australia, The Day the 
Earth Stood Still and Marley and Me. In the spring, we have two highly anticipated sequels that should do strong 
business: Night at the Museum 2 and X-Men Origins: Wolverine and American Idol and 24 come roaring back in 
January to FOX Broadcasting. 

Finally, we remain convinced in the promise of the breadth of the Dow Jones businesses to give us an international 
platform to deliver specialized financial information that the world's burgeoning middle and investor classes are 
demanding. Indeed, The Wall Street Journal is the only newspaper in America to increase its fully paid circulation year 
over year. 

We also remain convinced that our balance sheet of approximately $5.5 billion in cash, and an average debt maturity of 
more than 22 years will give us much-needed stability. There is little doubt that our businesses will continue to face 
tough challenges in the coming year but we remain confident that our strategy will help us weather the economic storm 
ahead. 

Thank you very much. And now, Dave, Peter and I will be happy to take any questions. Well, almost any questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator instructions]. Our first question, Rich Greenfield with Pali Capital. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Richard Greenfield>: Yeah. A question for Rupert I guess, to start out. News Corp.'s constantly evolved and you 
have entered new businesses such as cable networks that you didn't have a decade-plus ago and you've exited 
businesses where you felt less comfortable like DIRECTV in the US. When you look at your asset mix now, are you 
happy with the overall asset mix? What would you like to add? What would you like to trim? You have obviously been 
involved with something like Premiere. Is that something for expansion? How do you think about businesses that you 
should be exiting given where secular trends are now? 

And then a question that keeps popping up that's related to this is, would you ever consider breaking apart any of your 
businesses, you know, structurally versus keeping them all together? Thanks. 

<A - Rupert Murdoch>: No, we wouldn't consider breaking it up. We think we have a very, very good mix and I don't 
see what we would trim. However, in terms of going forward, I would like to see a much greater emphasis on 
subscriber-based businesses. We are seeing in our cable channels the great benefits of having twin revenues coming 
from both subscribers and from advertisers. So we will be looking to start new channels where there are opportunities. 
And we certainly see that in a big scale internationally. 


<Q - Richard Greenfield>: Where does Premiere fit into that? 

<A - Rupert Murdoch>: Well, Premiere is developing – their management is developing a clear plan for the business. 
At the appropriate time, and once that strategy is developed, we will determine our position in detail. In the meantime, 
we just continue to follow the situation closely. 

<Q - Richard Greenfield>: But you would consider at the right price or the right time buying more of this company to 
expand distribution like you did with SKY Italia? 

<A - Rupert Murdoch>: I don't – we are not at any stage to make a statement like that at the moment. 

<Q - Richard Greenfield>: OK. Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Jessica Reif Cohen>: Thank you. I have a question about the cable networks. Specifically, can you give us a 
sense of where Fox Business Channel is relative to expectations and what kind of losses we should expect? And can 
you comment on the increased competition in India and how you feel your relative position is there? 

<A - Rupert Murdoch>: I don't think we break up the profits of the different channels, do we, Dave? 

<A - David DeVoe>: No, but I think it's safe, Rupert, to... 

<A - Rupert Murdoch>: We can talk pretty honestly about it. Our position is that, yes, it will probably cost us the best 
part of 60 to $70 million this year. We are, you know, fighting very hard for greater distribution. We are achieving it 
slowly. And when we get over 50 million subscribers, we will turn on, you know, a lot more heat. We will turn on 
better programs. And we think we will get, you know, we will be much more aggressive in getting advertising. But I 
think that's another year to two years away. 

<Q - Jessica Reif Cohen>: And India? 

<A - Rupert Murdoch>: India is just fine. Again, we don't break down the figures, but I can tell you this. We are 
STAR-plus advertising is running 20% ahead of last year in advertising. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Michael Nathanson with Sanford Bernstein. 

<Q - Michael Nathanson>: Thanks, a question for Rupert or Peter, when you look at what's happening to the stations 
right now in terms of the fast falling local TV, I wonder if there's anything you can do structurally at your stations to 
improve profitability. Would you add more national programming hours, late night or morning? Is there anything you 
are doing or thinking about to maybe turn...? 

<A - Rupert Murdoch>: We, of course, have many syndicated programs which are national, some we make ourselves, 
some we buy. But our strength, I think, is to keep developing more local news and that separates us very much from the 
hundreds of cable networks that are out there. We saw the benefit of that in this political season where I think the 
industry had an increase of about 20% in political advertising and our stations had a 100% increase. 

<Q - Michael Nathanson>: I guess, Rupert, the way I was thinking about it, if we're looking at the two buckets of 
money, national TV or local TV, clearly national is more resilient. I wondered would make... 

<A - Rupert Murdoch>: No, that's not proving true. You know, we are down in all categories and so are all our 
opponents. We believe in spite of our bad figures here, that we have increased our share of market to a different, you 


know, in different markets by different amounts. And we are doing, you know, as well as we can. Can we do things, 
you know, like merging more back-office functions, things like that? Yes. Slowly, we can. But I don't think you are 
going to see, you know, huge amounts of money there. 

But if you look at, for instance, the automotive: the automotive advertising has represented I think between 30% and 
40% of all business in the local stations and that is down by about 40%. In some cases, like General Motors, down by 
more than 50%. So it's going to take time for that to come back, or to come back from other sources or to be replaced. 
But it's down, also, in financial advertising where they try to concentrate on specific markets. It's down even in movie 
advertising at the moment. So, you know, it's a pretty grim picture for all local television stations across the country, 
whether it's ours or other people's. But we are fighting it very hard every moment of the day. 

<Q - Michael Nathanson>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is from Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Thanks. I guess with the limited visibility right now, maybe we will look out a little longer 
term, Rupert. I believe you said recently – correct me if I'm wrong here, that you'd like to see Dow Jones over time get 
to about $1 billion of operating income and certainly that would prove the value of that deal. Given they just put up 
about breakeven this quarter, could you give us the levers that you think will bridge that gap over – whether it's three 
years, five years...? 

<A - Rupert Murdoch>: Well, the breakeven was because of the – what is it, Dave? 

<A - David DeVoe>: Purchase accounting. 

<A - Rupert Murdoch>: Purchase accounting. But it was certainly down on past year. It's going to take time. As I 
said, we are moving up the subscription rates. We'll be moving them up every year for the next three years. But, you 
know, the fact is people take subscriptions out for a year. So you only get 1/12 of your subscribers up every month. So 
it takes time to work its way through. The advertising is not down a lot. But it is certainly a bit below what we 
budgeted. Like today and tomorrow, I think we are right on budget. Financial advertising, we know what's going on in 
the financial world and they are trying to cut back. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: I guess what I'm asking is -


<A - Rupert Murdoch>: I'd just say here, the big profit-maker is going to be the website. It's the one website that 
people charge for, people are very happy to pay for. We are getting over – I'd better be careful what I say. I'm not sure 
the exact figure, but probably $100 million in subscriptions there and that's certainly over 100 million in advertising on 
that one website. 

And then, of course, that's really only half the business, the paper and the website. The other half is, you know, the 
special news services, the indexes, and various sort of very specialized financial services, which we keep developing. 
Because of the state of the financial industry in this country, we are putting even more emphasis than normal on 
international expansion. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Rupert Murdoch>: And just last – one thing there. From what we really see, the big hope for – in Asia certainly 
is mobile, putting our website on mobile. So there's a lot of work ahead of us there, but we also see a lot of opportunity. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Thank you. 

<A - Rupert Murdoch>: It's never been more important for companies and people to have up-to-date and first-class 
financial information. 


<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question is from Benjamin Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Good afternoon, thanks. I just wanted to ask one question on the guidance and then one 
on the film segment. Just a point of clarification on the guidance, are you assuming currency worsens? Currency trends 
worsen from here or using current spot rates in your low to mid teens guidance? 

And then one business that has actually held up pretty well over the last couple of years and been a nice source of 
growth is syndication on the television studio, domestic but also in particular international. A couple of your peers have 
talked about some deals slipping in -- this fall into next year or further out. Can you comment on that business at the 
Fox Television Studio and whether that continues to hold up pretty well, both in terms of domestic syndication on 
off-net first run and then also what's happening internationally? Thank you. 

<A - David DeVoe>: On the guidance with respect to the currency, we are assuming spot rates as they exist today. 

<A - Rupert Murdoch>: Yeah. Which has affected our guidance, changing guidance by about a third. 

<A - Peter Chernin>: I would say – this is Peter. In terms of the syndication market, we are actually seeing that hold 
up quite well. Our international pricing is still quite robust. We are not seeing any signs of softness. You know, we 
have a couple of big international franchises in 24 and Simpsons and Prison Break, and all those are holding up very 
well. 

And then on the domestic syndication front, we have just, or we have largely completed the syndication of How I Met 
Your Mother, which will go out into syndication next September. And that's probably exceeded our expectations. It 
looks like we are going to do somewhere in excess of $2.5 million an episode between broadcast and cable and barter 
domestically. We are about to go out in syndication with My Name is Earl in the next month or so. 

So, so far I think the syndication world seems to be, you know, a world of haves and have nots. If you have got strong 
product, there's quite a bit of demand for it, especially on the cable front. I think some of the weaker product may be 
getting hurt a little bit more. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Thank you, Peter. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Jolanta Masojada with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Jolanta Masojada>: Thanks very much. I wonder if you could clarify the losses from Eastern European TV in 
the quarter and what your expectations are for ongoing investment in subsequent quarters? And then can you just 
clarify what was the tax benefit on the one time items in the quarter? 

<A - Rupert Murdoch>: We have sold our station in Poland, not finding it a satisfactory area to be. We are continuing 
to do extremely well in Bulgaria. Dave might want to elaborate. 

<A - David DeVoe>: I think she was asking the results of the -- roughly about a $31 million loss in the current quarter 
versus around 15 million loss a year ago, slightly worse than a year ago. I think if you are asking effectively with 
respect to the sale of the TV stations, we utilized – were able to use capital losses to offset that gain. So if you look at 
our effective tax rate, our tax rate is significantly below a year ago, if that's what the question was, Jolanta. 

Operator 


Thank you, our next question is from the line of Mark Wienkes with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Mark Wienkes>: Great, thank you. I was wondering, could you talk to the market for sports rights, vis-à-vis the 
recent deal for the Olympics at SKY Italia and then the ongoing BCS talks, et cetera? 

<A - Peter Chernin>: I would say the market for sports rights still continues to be quite robust. You know, I think you 
are going to see, given the success that NBC had with the Olympics, I think you are going to see fairly aggressive 
Olympic bidding for the next two Olympics. 

In terms of the BCS, we are absolutely right in the middle of that negotiation right now and, you know, don't have 
much to say about it, other than we like the events and we are prepared to pay an appropriate price. If the price goes 
above that, you know, we won't go that far. 

But I think in general, the marketplace for sports rights seems to be pretty robust, and frankly the performance of 
sports, certainly our sports performance both on the cable side and the broadcast side is holding up quite well. 

<Q - Mark Wienkes>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

We have a question from Michael Morris with UBS. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Michael Morris>: Thank you. Going back to the TV stations briefly, it seems that local advertising in large 
markets is significantly underperforming small markets. Given you just kind of rotated out of those small markets, can 
you talk about whether or not this seems to be true and what you think could be driving that? 

Secondly, you have mentioned in the past that the stations serve as the backbone of the network. Can you talk about 
that a little bit more? What's the risk to owning the Fox Network and not having any stations? Thank you. 

<A - Peter Chernin>: I think I'll go first and, Rupert, if you want to jump in. I would say right now we are seeing 
somewhat a little bit greater softness in the large markets, but there's also a certain amount of geographic softness. 
There seems to be more softness up and down the East Coast, in Texas and the West Coast, which sort of coincides 
with the large markets. Some of the smaller markets are in the Midwest, which actually seems to be going a little bit 
stronger. That may have something to do with it. I think the real estate market may be a little bit worse, particularly in 
some of the suburbs of the large markets and that seems to affect us. 

I do think we are at the right number of stations strategically, and certainly as we look at managing our television 
business, we look at it fairly holistically. And we look at a sort of combination of broadcast networks and stations, our 
studio and to some degree, even some of our cable channels where we take advantage of our ability to create new 
programming. I think you want to have big strong affiliates, particularly in those big markets, in order to maximize the 
sort of whole strength of the company as a television business. 

So I don't think we are – I don't, at least in my opinion, I don't think we should be decreasing the amount of stations we 
own or certainly not owning just the network and no television stations. 

<Q - Michael Morris>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is from Spencer Wang with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Spencer Wang>: Thanks. Good afternoon. I just wanted to return to the change in guidance. I believe, Dave, you 
said that about a quarter of the change is related to other business trends you are seeing. I was wondering if you would 
just clarify, is that maybe a slowdown in DVD sales? Is that greater investment spending at other parts of the...? 


<A - David DeVoe>: Peter may want to jump in as well. Partly, it's slightly lower and slower earnings at the film 
company. It's the loss that we have – I don't think, we haven't discussed this, but lower performance on the World 
Series at the network, and just the general effect on the other businesses due to the economic conditions that exist in the 
world today. The World Series – that's a network loss, I'm sorry. 

<Q - Spencer Wang>: If I could follow up with one quick question. I know you said Fox Interactive revenues grew 
17%, could you give us a breakdown of the growth in search versus display? Thank you. 

<A - David DeVoe>: Display is up 16%. Search is down slightly. 

<Q - Spencer Wang>: Thank you. 

<A - Rupert Murdoch>: Up 10. 

<A - David DeVoe>: Advertising is up 16, search is up 10. 

<Q - Spencer Wang>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citi. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Just two quick questions. On the 304 million of other net on the income, can you just elaborate 
on that? And on the equity losses at affiliates, I think you say it's 447 million losses related to Premiere. Is that 
principally the write-down? Should we view that as a one-time? 

<A - David DeVoe>: Yes, it's roughly $420 million and that is the write-down of our investment in Premiere. The 
other is the gain, included in other is the gain on the sale of the stations and the mark to market adjustment of the 
company's convertible securities, BUCS securities that we have outstanding. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Okay, thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question is from Adam Alexander with JB Were, please go ahead. 

<Q - Adam Alexander>: Peter, just one for you. On Fox Interactive Media, I think you made some comments during 
the quarter that it was running ahead of expectations. Just wondering whether this is still the case. And the target of sort 
of 30% revenue growth in this division, how is that sort of tracking today? 

<A - Peter Chernin>: I think we feel that we were quite pleased with our performance in the quarter. And we have 
made a lot of progress in some of the revenue-generating areas, a lot of progress in adding new features, etc. And so 
overall, I think we were feeling a little ahead of expectations. You know, we started off this quarter also feeling good. 
We are beginning, to be honest, to see some softening the end of this calendar year and looking into the first couple of 
quarters, you know, the beginning of next year. And, look, I still believe that we are doing slightly better than the 
marketplace, but it's clear from everybody else that there's a lot of softening in the display advertising marketplace and 
we are clearly beginning to feel some of that. 

So I think still from our own sort of anecdotal appraisal of the business, we are pleased with the progress they are 
making. We think a lot of areas – the launch of MySpace Music, the launch of self-serve ads, the increase in the quality 
and number of advertisers, we are pleased with their progress. But we are just beginning sort of December and then 
moving into January to begin to see some of the softness in the marketplace catch up to us. 

<Q - Adam Alexander>: Do you think the development spend there will slow down for the remaining three quarters? 
Did you take most of that in the first quarter? 


<A - Peter Chernin>: I think we are certainly monitoring our costs very closely, you know. And our costs went up 
almost exactly the same level as our revenues this first quarter, which was about what we felt comfortable with, and to 
the degree that our revenues slow down, we will certainly slow down our spending to keep track of it. You know, we 
are trying to find the right balance between continuing to aggressively grow the revenues of the business in what we 
continue to believe is a growth business and one – there is so much international investment going on. There is so much 
new feature investment going on, and we want to make sure that we keep doing that. 

We still believe this is a growth category and we should be participating aggressively. To the degree we see our 
revenues slow down, we have a pretty good handle – we think we have a pretty good handle on costs right now and we 
will ratchet them down accordingly. 

<Q - Adam Alexander>: Okay, thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Imran Kahn with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Imran Khan>: Yes, hi. Thank you for taking my questions. Two questions. One regarding newspaper where in 
operating profits you are down $60 million adjusted for the accelerated depreciation. Could you talk about what kind of 
cost cutting initiative you can take so that we can minimize some of this decline? 

And secondly, in terms of the Fox Cable Network's affiliate renegotiations, how confident that you can get the similar 
deal that you got in the past for the upcoming deals for Fox News? Thank you. 

<A - Rupert Murdoch>: We are very confident about the Fox News and people are lining up, you know, as the 
contracts come due, they will pay that price because it has a very passionate following. 

As for the savings in The Wall Street Journal, there are many things, they are incremental, a lot of them. For instance, 
we print now in 17 different locations an plants which we own at The Wall Street Journal. Our plan over the next year 
or maybe 15 months will be to close 10 of those and outsource that printing to other newspapers, both the printing and 
the delivery. Each place will average at least $3 million annual savings. So it's going on and we are planning the 
merging of the back offices of The New York Post and The Wall Street Journal. Wherever we can find – these are all 
individually reasonably small amounts of money, but they add up to a lot. 

<A - David DeVoe>: Did you want to tell what we are doing in Australia and the United Kingdom as well, Rupert? 

<A - Rupert Murdoch>: Oh, in Australia and the United Kingdom, yeah, we have had big economy drives which are 

– well, we did it before even the year started. But we are doing it all over again now. And you will see even leaner 
operations in both those places. I am not prepared to say how many people. I know, but I don't want the headlines about 
it. But across the board cuts. 
<Q - Imran Khan>: Got it. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is from Anthony DiClemente with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Anthony DiClemente>: Hi, thanks for taking the question. The question is for Rupert. Rupert, to your credit, you 
actually predicted a lot of deterioration in the environment that we have seen over the summer. I remember a lot of 
analysts and shareholders were at the time clamoring for a big buy-back. The question is, other of your peers are now 
facing margin calls but you are kind of the guy with the cash. You have the dry powder. You could either commit to a 
return of capital to shareholders here at a much cheaper valuation, or you could certainly acquire some distressed media 
assets out there at a steep discount. The question is, do you think that at this time, you know, fast forward a couple of 
quarters from your comments over the summer, that media valuations have bottomed enough to warrant doing either of 


those things? Thanks. 

<A - Rupert Murdoch>: No. I think that we don't want to do anything until we can see – until there's a great deal more 
visibility in the market. I believe that probably there will be some great bargains coming at lower prices than they are 
today. But we don't have anything firmly in sight or in mind there. But we will be ready for it if the right thing comes. 

<Q - Anthony DiClemente>: Thanks. 

<A - Rupert Murdoch>: We are not going to buy back or do anything like that until we can see, you know -- until 
things settle down and we can see forward a long way further. 

<Q - Anthony DiClemente>: If I could -- thank you, Rupert. If I could for Peter, if you could elaborate for us on DVD 
trends that you are seeing heading into the holiday period? Thank you. 

<A - Rupert Murdoch>: It's for you, Peter. 

<A - Peter Chernin>: I would say we are actually in just the last three or four weeks beginning to see quite a bit of 
softening in the DVD business. Quite honestly, more among other studios' titles. We track pretty closely everybody 
else's titles and some of the big titles that have come out in the last three or four weeks have in our opinion 
underperformed what we expected of them. So we are a little bit cautious about the DVD business going forward. Our 
guidance assumes a certain amount of caution. We haven't had a big release in the past five or six weeks, so it hasn't 
really impacted us yet. We certainly have enormous confidence in our retail relationships, our category management of 
Wal-Mart etcetera, so we have some confidence we can outperform the market, but there are some cautionary signs 
coming out of the DVD market in the last three or four weeks. 

<Q - Anthony DiClemente>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of David Bank with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 

<Q - David Bank>: Thanks very much. Thanks so much for the color – the in depth color on the TV business. I think 
you have given us a real sense of how challenging it is on the local side. Could you give us a little bit more color in 
terms of the network side? And, you know, have you seen any sort of material levels of cancellations for the first 
quarter coming in? Have you any real change in the tone of the scatter market...? 

<A - Rupert Murdoch>: Peter might like to answer it but I have just spoken to the sales director a few minutes ago. 
We are having in cancellations of the up-front at worst average. That's to say it's about 3%. And it's really – we are still 
selling, in spite of what one of our friends that posted this morning, we are selling scatter advertising at rates at least as 
good as the up-front. So, you know, we are in surprisingly good shape on the network. 

<A - Peter Chernin>: I would echo that. I think the network business is looking fine. We are obviously cautious, but 
we were probably to be honest expecting worse. The cancellations for the first quarter really come in this past week and 
we were expecting something more serious than we got, which we haven't gotten, so we are feeling good. 

That being said, we are cautious. There's not a lot of visibility into the second calendar quarter yet. And we are going to 
be cautious about that. And scatter is – you know, it's okay. We are selling some scatter and we are selling it largely at 
up-front pricing, a little bit better than that. 

I think the other thing that's important to point out is one of our benefits on the national front is most of our auto 
advertising has enormous sort of promotional integration. Our biggest single auto advertiser in the second half of the 
year is Ford. They are heavily integrated into American Idol. And so I think that the big advertisers tend to look at that 
integration as being sort of bonus or, you know, added value and make that advertising some of the last stuff they will 
cut. 


So far, we look at the national business as pretty good. And just to add on to that, the national cable business is also 
quite good right now, I think benefiting from some of the weakness in the broadcasting business. But the same national 
trends are going there. We are through most of our cancellations which look to be on the low end of normal. And we 
are seeing decent, not great, but decent scatter. 

<Q - David Bank>: Thanks very much. 

<A - Rupert Murdoch>: I would just add to that, I understand that our audience so far in this season while not great, is 
as good as last year's while our competitors have fallen quite a lot. Is that right, Peter? 

<A - Peter Chernin>: I wouldn't say it's as good as last year, given that our ratings are down, I think about 10% so far 
for the season. But they are down less -- they are pretty much equal to CBS and down less than the other guys. I think 
the most important thing is that the gap between us and the number one network, the last I saw was a tenth of a rating 
point. I think at this point last year we were about three-tenths of a rating point. And so we're pretty confident we're -as 
we get 24 and American Idol back on, and we have got some other shows, a show line-up that we are pretty excited 
about, we are pretty confident that we are going to be the number one network again and be the number one network by 
a pretty significant margin. 

<A - Gary Ginsburg>: Operator, this will be our last question, please. 

Operator 

The last question then will come from the line of Alan Gould with Natixis Bleichroeder. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Alan Gould>: Thank you. Rupert, based on what you've heard through the campaign season, I was wondering 
what political changes you think would occur under an Obama administration that would affect News Corp., media 
concentration being one of the obvious ones? 

<A - Rupert Murdoch>: I don't think there's going to be any effort at breaking up existing media companies at all. I 
would imagine that almost under any Democratic Attorney General's department -- Justice Department, that, you know, 
that mergers will get a much less friendly reception. 

<A - Gary Ginsburg>: Operator, we will go into the press calls, please. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Our first question from James Quinn, the Daily Telegraph. Please go ahead. 

<Q - James Quinn>: Thanks. Rupert, you touched earlier on the UK and Australia, further cuts. Could you talk a little 
bit more about the advertising downturn in the UK? 

<A - Rupert Murdoch>: The advertising in the UK? 

<Q - James Quinn>: Yeah. 

<A - Rupert Murdoch>: Yeah, it's strange. In our popular papers, The Sun and News of the World, certainly until this 
week, there's been very little movement. I think The News of the World has held itself fully and Sun might be down 
3%. The losses in the last -- the loss of business in the last few weeks, not in the whole period, but in the last few weeks 
in the Sunday Times and the Times has been a lot more considerable. 

<Q - James Quinn>: And do you see that continuing? 

<A - Rupert Murdoch>: What is that? 

<Q - James Quinn>: Can you see that continuing? 


<A - Rupert Murdoch>: Yes. Well, we don't see any change from it. We hope we can turn it around. 

<Q - James Quinn>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Rupert Murdoch>: It's led by actually the mono advertising and by classifieds and the same in Australia. I don't 
think we are down at all particularly in display advertising or retail advertising, but we are suffering there in 
particularly job advertising, mainly in the small local newspapers. But we are, you know -- it's not a big part of our 
business there compared to our competitors. 

<Q - James Quinn>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Lea McLennan with AAP. 

<A - Rupert Murdoch>: Sorry; the problem with Australia is that, you know, we are down like 6% or something in 
business and 27% in currency. Sorry. 
<A - Gary Ginsburg>: Next question? 
<Q - Leah McLennan>: Hi, can you hear me? 
<A - Gary Ginsburg>: Yes, go ahead. 
<Q - Leah McLennan>: I am just a bit confused about the guidance. I was wondering if you could clarify: it's a 


downgrade in guidance from 4 to 6 to – sorry; I just missed that part; if you could repeat that? Thanks. 
<A - David DeVoe>: We are guiding from low to mid teens down from a year ago. 
<Q - Leah McLennan>: OK. Thanks. 


Operator 

Thank you, our next question... 


<A - David DeVoe>: Actually, it's – excuse me; it's actually down low to mid teens from an adjusted year ago 
operating earnings of 5.128 billion to be specific. 
<A - Gary Ginsburg>: Next question? 


Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Marc Hankmann with Auerbach Verlag. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Marc Hankmann>: Yes, thank you. I have got two questions concerning the German pay TV operator Premiere. 
The first one is how do you estimate the development of the number of subscribers of Premiere within the next 12 
months? And the other one is what kind of content or services do you want to add to Premiere to be successful or what 
kind of content or services should be enlarged? Thank you. 

<A - Gary Ginsburg>: That's really a question for Premiere and not for News Corp. So we will go to the next 
question, please. 

Operator 


Our next question is from Ken Li with Financial Times. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Kenneth Li>: Hi. Given current market conditions I wanted to follow up on a FIM question earlier on. Can you 
give us a more realistic growth rate for FIM revenues in fiscal '09? 

<A - David DeVoe>: I don't think we are prepared to give out or predict a growth rate. We gave out the first quarter 
stuff. As I said, we think we are in a world where we are pleased with how our performance is relative to the market, 
but we also see the market beginning to soften. So I don't think we want to predict exactly where it's going to end up. 

<Q - Kenneth Li>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is from Georg Szalai, Hollywood Reporter. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Georg Szalai>: Thank you. Rupert talked a little bit about how he expects the Democrats to be a little tough on 
mergers. I was wondering if you guys have any issues in the industry you would like the new administration to address 
right now? 

<A - Gary Ginsburg>: We don't currently have any issues before Justice, nor do we anticipate any going forward. 

<Q - Georg Szalai>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is from Dade Hayes with variety. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Dade Hayes>: Hi, just curious about the film studio and whether you are looking at any operating changes just, 
you know, consistent with some of the other moves we have seen from other companies who have gone to fewer 
releases and basically kind of trimmed back a bit? I mean you are projected to have 20 releases in calendar '08. Rupert, 
you mentioned the sequels coming up, obviously...? 

<A - Rupert Murdoch>: I think we trimmed back before other people did and we are very happy with the schedule we 
have. It was unfortunate the timing this year, which is affecting us in that we didn't have anything big this summer. We 
think we have got very big, strong movies next summer. But the profits, probably even including the Memorial Day 
picture, it will be falling into the next fiscal year. 

<A - Peter Chernin>: I would just add to that, look, I think we feel good about our current structure. We feel good 
about the number of movies we are making. We clearly feel good about the management. I think probably the thing we 
are most optimistic about is to see the number of movies by the industry begin to decline, not only from the studios, but 
even more importantly from some of -- I think we are beginning to see a tightening of some of the independent money 
coming in to town and we think that will be the best thing that could happen to the movie business. 

<A - Rupert Murdoch>: A little while ago we were getting hedge funds investing in movies and that's obviously 
going to dry up. The trouble is there are still quite a lot of movies out there that have been made waiting for release. We 
are not going to see the release number of movies going into the market for another few months, I think, because of 
what's in the works at the moment. But I think, you know, this time next year and beyond that, we are going to see 
quite a considerably smaller number of movies, which will be good, you know, and they'll come from the main studios 
and we should get a bigger share of the box office. 

<Q - Dade Hayes>: Okay, thanks. 

<A - Gary Ginsburg>: Thanks, Georg (sic) [Dade], next question. 


Operator 

Our next question is from Shira Ovide with Wall Street Journal. Please go ahead. 


<Q - Shira Ovide>: Hi, thanks. Can you update us quickly on the status of deal conversations with Yahoo!, Microsoft 
or other Internet players? 
<A - Rupert Murdoch>: We have no conversation that I'm aware of, have we, Peter? 
<A - Peter Chernin>: We have no conversations going on. 
<Q - Shira Ovide>: Very good. And just one more for Peter. I believe your employment agreement expires next 


summer. Have you started to work on a new contract? 
<A - Peter Chernin>: We are having conversations. 
<Q - Shira Ovide>: Would you characterize those as sort of preliminary or...? 
<A - Peter Chernin>: I wouldn't characterize them at all. I would characterize them as we are having good, 


constructive conversations, which is -<
A - Rupert Murdoch>: I would characterize them as constructive and friendly. 
<Q - Shira Ovide>: OK. Thanks. 


Operator 

Our next question is from Robert MacMillan with Reuters. 
<Q - Robert MacMillan>: Yes, hello. I wanted to shift to Europe for a moment. I was curious about how threatened 


News Corp. might be regarding a bid from ESPN and Disney for the live paid TV broadcast rights top Germany's top 
soccer games? We heard that Disney and ESPN were going to be bidding for those rights. 
<A - Gary Ginsburg>: That too is a question for Premiere and so we are not going to answer it. Sorry. Take the next 


question, unless you have a follow-up. 
<Q - Robert MacMillan>: No, that's it. Thanks. 
<A - Gary Ginsburg>: Thanks. Go to the next question. 


Operator 

Speakers, at this time we have no further questions in the queue. 
<A - Gary Ginsburg>: Thank you very much, everybody. Have a good night. 


Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, today's conference call is being made available for replay starting today at 6:30 in the Eastern 
Time Zone and running through Saturday November 15th, 2008. You can access our replay service at any time by 
dialing 800-475-6701 or 320-365-3844 and entering today's conference access code of 966140. Those numbers once 
again toll free 800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844 with the access code of 966140. That does conclude the conference call 
for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. 


This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


