Q1 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 


• Gary Ginsberg, Executive Vice President, Global Marketing and Corporate Affairs 
• David DeVoe, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
• Chase Carey 
• Daniel DeVoe 
Other Participants 

• Jessica Reif Cohen 
• Adam Alexander 
• Imran Khan 
• Michael Nathanson 
• Richard Greenfield 
• Jolanta Masojada 
• Doug Mitchelson 
• Benjamin Swinburne 
• David Bank 
• Jason Bazinet 
• Spencer Wang 
• John Janedis 
• Michael Morris 
• Sarah Rabil 
• Barbara Miller 
• Brian Stelter 
• Shira Ovide 
• Claire Atkinson 
• James Quinn 
• Kenneth Li 
• Georg Szalai 
• Richard Morgan 
• Staci Kramer 
• Andrew Edgecliffe-Johnson 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the News Corp. First Quarter 2010 Earnings Release. 
[Operator Instructions] 

I'll now turn the conference over to the Executive Vice President, Mr. Gary Ginsberg. Please go ahead, sir. 


Gary Ginsberg, Executive Vice President, Global Marketing and Corporate 
Affairs 

Thank you very much, operator. Hello everyone and welcome to our first quarter fiscal 2010 earnings conference call. 
On the call today are Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, who's speaking to you from Sydney, 
Australia; Chase Carey, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Dave DeVoe, our CFO. Dave will give a detailed 
presentation of the quarter results, followed by Rupert, who will give his own perspective and color on the quarter, as 
well as what he sees looking ahead. 

We'll then take your questions, first from the financial community and then from the press. But before we start, a little 
legalese. 

This call may include certain forward looking information with respect to News Corporation's business and strategy. 
Actual results could differ materially from what is said. News Corporation's Form 10-Q for the three quarters – three 
months ended September 30, 2009, lists risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ and these 
statements are qualified by the cautionary statements contained in such a filing. 

And with that, I'll turn it over to Dave. 

David DeVoe, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Gary, thank you, and good afternoon, everybody. As you all have seen in our earnings release today, we are pleased 
with the start to our fiscal 2010. While we continue to operate in a challenged economic environment, our first quarter 
operating income increased 9% over last year's level. This improvement is due largely to very strong growth at our 
Film and our Cable Network segments, which offsets declines at a number of our other businesses. 

Net income in the quarter was $571 million. This is an 11% increase over last year's result. And our earnings per share 
for the quarter were up 10% to $0.22 this year, from $0.20 reported a year ago. This increase is driven by higher 
operating income contributions, as well as improved equity earnings from affiliates. Now, I would like to provide some 
additional context on the performance at a few of our businesses. 

At our Film segment, the first quarter operating income was $391 million and this is up $140 million or 56%, over last 
year's result. This very solid performance was driven by the strength of worldwide theatrical results from Ice Age: 
Dawn of the Dinosaurs. As you know, we incurred a substantial amount of this film's releasing costs last year so we are 
recognizing sizable contributions from this record breaking film this year. This film was just released into the home 
entertainment window last week and we expect continued strong contributions for the rest of the year. 

At our Television segment, operating income in the quarter of $38 million declined by 45 million, as compared to the 
first quarter a year ago. This is largely due to lower television station revenues and to a lesser extent reduced Fox 
Network results due to higher prime time programming costs. The station's operating income decreased 26% in the 
quarter, reflecting lower local television advertising, as well as less political advertising as compared to a year ago. 
However, this result which included an increase in our market share is moderately better than our initial expectations. 
And Rupert will comment on our current station advertising trends in a moment. 

Now moving on to the Cable networks, where we continue to show very solid growth with operating income 
contributions up 41%, above a year ago. The largest year over year gain in the quarter were from the FOX News 
Channel and this is due to higher affiliate rates and also additional subscriber growth. Our International Channels from 
affiliate revenue increases, and the Regional Sports Networks, reflecting higher affiliate rates. 

Also note that our STAR operations were reorganized in the quarter and as a result their financial results are now 
included this year and last year as part of this cable network programming segment. STAR reported strong growth, 
particularly from our Indian operations in the quarter. However, these profits from operations were fully offset by $28 
million in restructuring- restructuring-related costs. This compares to a $29 million operating loss at STAR a year ago, 


which was primarily due to the cost from the termination of a distribution agreement. 

Turning to our Italian pay television operations, SKY Italia. SKY had operating income of $128 million in the quarter, 
a $37 million decrease from last year. SKY Italia continues to operate in an extremely challenging business and 
economic environment, aggravated by a significant tax increase on our subscribers. Despite these factors, SKY Italia 
grew local currency revenue by 1% and this is driven by a 5% increase in the average subscriber base as compared to 
the prior year's quarter. This growth is more than offset by increased programming cost due to the larger average 
subscriber base, higher soccer cost, and the addition of 16 new channels over last year. 

In the quarter, gross additions totaled approximately 180,000, which equals the churn, resulting in no change to our 4.8 
million subscriber base since year-end. However, SKY Italia renewed approximately 94% of the $1.2 million annual – 

1.2 million annual contracts that expired in the quarter, which represents over 25% of our subscriber base. SKY Italia 
should be on course for an annual churn rate of approximately 13%, and this rate is consistent with what we achieved in 
the prior year. 
Monthly ARPU in the quarter averaged €42 as compared to last year's €43. And to address the current weak economy, 
various promotions have been offered at SKY to attract new subscribers. In fact, on October 21, we announced a 
complete revamping of our pricing structure to provide greater choice and value to the Italian market. 

SAC in the quarter was approximately €280, and this decrease from the prior year's quarter due to lower marketing 
spend in the aggregate and on a per-subscriber basis. As a result of our subscriber initiatives at quarter-end, over 1.6 
million subscribers were taking at least one premium service such as HD, PVR, or a second box, compared with 
approximately 900,000 subscribers a year ago. And the significance of this is that premium service subscriber churn 
rate was one-quarter of the non-premium service subscribers. Excuse me. 

In the Newspaper and Information Service segment, operating income in this year's quarter was $25 million, and this is 
down more than 109 million from last year's first quarter, and this reflects reduced advertising in all markets that more 
than offset significant cost reductions. While this segment has challenging comparatives throughout the first half of our 
fiscal year, the first quarter results were still in line with our expectations. And despite the first quarter's decline, we 
still expect the full-year results will be down only modestly from what we achieved in our last fiscal year. 

And at our Other segment, we reported a first quarter operating loss of $128 million. This is 27 million higher than a 
year ago. This increased loss primarily reflects the absence of NDS's operating profit this year, due to the partial sale in 
early February 2009. The first quarter year-ago result at NDS was $29 million of operating income. 

In addition, at the Digital Media Group, where we are in significant transition, we reported higher losses, principally 
from lower search and advertising revenues, offset in part by cost reductions from our recent restructurings. In total, 
our revenues declined about – approximately 26% in the quarter. 

And finally, let me address our guidance for fiscal 2010. And as a reminder, just as we did at year end we measure this 
guidance excluding from fiscal 2009 reported results impairment, and other operating charges as well as the $121 
million in operating profit from NDS, which is no longer consolidated in our operating income. As we look at 
measuring growth in fiscal 2010, we're comparing it to a base of 3.44 billion in operating profit for fiscal 2009. 

In early August, we gave guidance anticipating our operating income growth rate for fiscal 2010 to be in the high single 
digit range, above the 3.44 billion fiscal 2009 adjusted result. Since that time we have performed better than anticipated 
in our Film segment on the strength of Ice Age 3, in addition to the U.S. local television environment is firming up a 
little better than we had assumed earlier. However, it's still very early in our fiscal year and we have significant activity 
ahead of us, without clear visibility due to the economic uncertainties. 

For example, key movies, led by Avatar, are yet to be released and the major programs of the Fox Network schedule, 
American Idol and 24 have not yet launched. In addition, it will take longer than expected to achieve our revenue goals 
at some of our Digital Media Group businesses including MySpace. 

As a result, taking all these items into account and excluding the effect of restructured related charges, we're increasing 
our operating income guidance to a growth rate range in the high single to low double digits above the fiscal 2009 


adjusted result. 

And with that I'd like to now turn the call over to Rupert for some additional comments. 

Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Dave. Like Dave, I'm pleased with the quarter's results. The early steps we took to increase market share of 
our leading global franchises are starting to pay off as our restructuring efforts. As I look ahead, I'm seeing encouraging 
trends in most of our businesses. 

At our U.S. television operations, we're seeing marked improvement from last year, when we experienced the largest 
ever year-over-year drop in earnings in our history. Fortunately, we appear to be emerging from the bottom of that 
cycle. While revenues at our TV stations declined 14% in the just-reported September quarter, pacings for the 
December – this current December quarter look promising. Excluding political advertising, October is about flat with 
last year, and November is up, in the mid-teens. These are the best results we've seen in seven quarters. 

Advertising trends at FOX Broadcasting are also encouraging, with scatter pricing above upfront levels and available 
inventory is selling well this December quarter. FOX ranks as the number one premiere broadcasting in adults 18 to 49, 
and is the only broadcast network to see audience gains over last season. Season-to-date ratings are up 16% as against 
the other three networks all being down. 

These ratings reflect the strength of our entertainment franchises, as well as the power of our sports program. ALCS 
ratings are up 35% over the previous year's NLCS, and the World Series ratings are up 36% compared to last year. 

I'm also quite pleased with the renewed momentum at our Film segment. As Dave mentioned, Ice Age 3 posting stellar 
results to become the highest grossing animated film ever outside the United States. FOX Film has proven itself adept 
at expanding its franchises, and I'm confident we will lead the Christmas season, and I'm certain moviegoers will be as 
excited and moved as I was by the storytelling and technology behind James Cameron's 3D film Avatar. 

I'd also like to express how confident I am in our Global Cable Network Programming segment, where operating profit 
is up in excess of 40%. This growth is not an anomaly. Cable now generates roughly half the company's operating 
income and has become the mainstay of the company's cash flow and earnings growth. The strength and durability of 
this global business is no accident. It reflects the unique structure of our franchises, the dual revenue streams, 
well-diversified target genres, and transportability to developing markets with untapped growth potential. 

More than 70% of cable revenues in the first quarter were generated through affiliate fees, which grew 18% over the 
first quarter a year ago. These fees provide stability in volatile ad markets, with the bulk of these revenues locked in 
with multi-year agreements with annual escalators. 

We leverage our strong cable brands and diversified genres to satisfy viewer interests. The power of our brand 
recognition is reflected by consistently strong ratings at FOX News, FOX Sports, FX, STAR, and National Geographic, 
a brand we feel is still very much underexploited. Most important is the opportunity to export the strength of these 
franchises in the international marketplace where we have unmatched competitive strengths. 

First, a deep knowledge of the international marketplace, gained from being the largest distributor of movie, television, 
and news content worldwide. Second, wide-ranging experience in managing pay TV services with significant 
ownership positions in pay TV platforms in Britain, Italy, Germany, Australia, and India. This gives us an intimate 
knowledge of what content works, whom to sell it to, and how to sell it. And the biggest advantage of all, through the 
FOX International Channels groups, we already have an unassailable beachhead, with more than 200 cable channels of 
all sizes and languages in more than 60 countries, reaching nearly a billion people. As strong as our cable channels 
business is today, it still has a lot of room for expansion. In fact, I believe the longer-term opportunity for growth will 
dwarf what we have accomplished thus far. 

As you know, our Digital Media Group is undergoing a significant transition following its restructuring and 
realignment earlier this year. While it is difficult to predict the timeframe in which you will see improved results, these 


efforts have clearly put these businesses on more solid ground for future growth. 

I can't finish without making a quick comment on our newspaper business. Here in Australia, the economy is markedly 
better shape than in the United States, and newspaper advertising trends are picking up sooner than we had anticipated 
just a few months ago. For what it is worth, all our worldwide newspaper and television businesses are having a great 
November. The Wall Street Journal recently surpassed USA Today to become the largest newspaper circulation in the 
United States in spite of strong price increases. On the digital side, wsj.com, boasts more than 1 million paid 
subscribers, which is an important data point as we work to get compensated for our online content from all our news 
service sources. 

So as you can see overall, I'm very confident about both the short- and long-term future of our company. Our industry 
and the economies we are operating in are clearly in better shape than they were a year ago. However, I prefer to 
remain conservative in treating this recovery as still a little fragile. I expect 2010 to be a year of stability that puts us in 
a great position to be ahead of the full economic recovery, regardless of its degree of strength. And we will continue to 
operate smartly and competently under the protection of our strong balance sheet. 

And with that, Chase, David, and I will be happy to address any of your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] And we'll go to the line of Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Jessica Reif Cohen>: Okay, I've got one question for two people. First, with Rupert. Now that you seem more 
confident in underlying business trends, I was wondering if you could update us on your thoughts of returning capital to 
shareholders? 

<A - Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: We don't have any thoughts about doing that. We 
are growing strongly. We are nervous about the future. Our businesses are doing well. But that's really an economic 
question. And I think that we're right to be sitting on this cash. We do have a $2 billion repayment schedule next year 
of debt so it's not as huge as it looks. 

<Q - Jessica Reif Cohen>: Okay. And then to Dave, within guidance could you just update us on what your revenue 
expectations are including advertising assumptions and is there anything in for retransmission factored into the 
guidance? 

<A - David DeVoe, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No, there's nothing for 
retransmission and the advertising assumption is basically slightly better than they were at year end. 

<A - Gary Ginsberg, Executive Vice President, Global Marketing and Corporate Affairs>: Okay, next question, 
please. 

Operator 

And it's from Adam Alexander with JBWere [Goldman Sachs JBWere]. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Adam Alexander>: Good afternoon. Just on – looking back one year, when we downgraded the outlook 
significantly, I think at the time, one-third of that was due to the strong U.S. dollar, which accounted for about 350 
million of operating income. Given the complete reversal in currencies now and the weakness in the U.S. dollar, maybe 
Dave, can you tell us what the impact is on your operating income and what sort of currency assumptions you've got in 
that guidance? 


<A - David DeVoe, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Income to us is still – the 
dollar's recovered but nowhere's near – it's not as weak as it was. So for example in the current quarter, we're affected 
slightly less than $40 million negatively, with respect to advertising – excuse me, with respect to foreign exchange 
rates. And we would expect that to reverse a bit over the remainder of the year since the currency has weakened a bit 
further, particularly against the euro and the Aussie dollar. But to date, it's a negative. 

<A - Gary Ginsberg, Executive Vice President, Global Marketing and Corporate Affairs>: Next question, please. 

Operator 

That's from Imran Khan with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Imran Khan>: Yes, hi. Thank you for taking my questions. In terms of international, cable networks – half of 
your profit comes from cable networks. And in the international market, can you help us understand what kind of 
advertising trend you're seeing in international market? And also how many channels do you think you're planning to 
launch this year? And also maybe give us some color about the margins differentiation between international versus 

U.S. Thank you. 
<A - Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: No, I think the international market for the most 
part is a new growth area. As we see relatively undeveloped markets, and they're all growing – in pay television, I think 
it's certainly double-digit, 15 or 18% on average throughout the world. And we're on nearly all those systems with cable 
channels, and they will grow with those systems and with that worldwide trend. So we're pleased about that. 

How many channels we're gong to start this year? I don't know. I think it's in the area of another 30, but I'd need to 
check that figure. 

<A - Chase Carey>: I guess I'd add to it. I mean, I think the core of our growth is in many ways going to be – we got – 
taking the channels we've got and really driving them to their potential. I mean, one of the great things about the 
international marketplace is you have paid penetration that is in early stages of where we'll ultimately grow to. Unlike 
the U.S., where you've got a relatively mature market in terms of penetration, you've got great upside left in really most 
of the countries around the world. 

And I think the heart of this growth is going to be really taking our big field is National Geographic, FOX, and the 
channels we have, and not sort of adding volume, though we will do that and we'll go into territories as we go, but I 
think the heart of it really is making the channels we have stronger, bigger, and taking advantage of the inherent growth 
in those marketplaces and we really have a leadership position in terms of cable programming. Almost all the places 
we're at, we do expect solid add growth this year. 

But I think in many ways, the international market is going to be driven by the growth of pay television over many 
years. So I think this is the place we see both short and really long-term growth, as pay television matures around the 
world. 

<Q - Imran Khan>: Got it. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question's from Michael Nathanson with Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Michael Nathanson>: I have one for Chase or Rupert. Lately, you guys have been very loud about retransmission 
opportunities for fewer stations. And I wonder without telling us which deals come up, because I know you won't do 
that, can you tell us what percentage of your footprint deals expire in each of the next three years? So, how many 
potential renegotiations could we be seeing in the next one to two, three years for retrans? 


<A - Chase Carey>: Again, you're probably right we're not going to get too far into any of the specifics. 
Retransmission is important for us to have a dual revenue stream for these businesses. Probably over a three-year 
period, the majority of our direct relationships with the distributors, which means the O&O relationships with 
distributors, will come up. There's also a dimension to this that is dealing with our affiliates where there's 
retransmission and that sort of deals with the value of network programming that we provide there, that we have that 
conversation. 

So there really two dynamics – two dimensions to this. But the majority of this will come up over a period that I'd 
probably say would be in the two to three-year timeframe 

<Q - Michael Nathanson>: And then let me just ask Dave a question. I think Rupert said affiliate fees were up 18%. 
It's 70% of the revenue base or so. That implies that advertising was still down in cable for you? Can you talk a bit 
about your cable advertising trends, especially at the RSN level? 

<A - Chase Carey>: Just on the cable side, ad sales were down a bit. We actually expect them probably to be up for – 
up mid high single digits for the year. But for the first quarter probably down, mid single digits. Probably the sports 
area is the one that we're more dependent upon automotive and categories that probably got hit a bit harder. So it's a 
mixed bag across those channels, but I'd say in aggregate, yeah, the cable channels were down a bit. If I look at this 
quarter, you know, I'd probably expect it to be up a bit this quarter. But that's sort of what the first quarter looked like. 

<Q - Michael Nathanson>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And next we'll go to the line of Rich Greenfield with Pali Capital. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Richard Greenfield>: Hi, a question on SKY Italia, just the whole situation in Italy. We've seen the VAT tax 
added, we've seen Berlusconi prevent you from advertising on TV and both sides kind of declare victory when the 
court rendered its opinion in the Milan court today taking action on soccer rights and the whole rye situation. Could 
you just give us a sense of, basically what's going on in Italy and how should we think about it? And then just a quick 
follow-up on something Dave said about MySpace, in terms of I think you said search revenues were actually down 
and I thought we were under the impression that search was fixed through next June. I was just curious what was going 
on there. Thanks so much. 

<A - Chase Carey>: Yeah, I mean in SKY Italia, which I'll touch on first, and I think Dave touched on. In the 
short-term, I guess I'd say we're, we've been dealing with two challenges, a tough economy and a VAT tax, that in 
many ways, is essentially a big price increase. I think our focus in the short-term was to stabilize the business with 
those, in the face of those challenges. 

As we go forward, we feel great about this business. You still have pay television in Italy, that was in the mid 20% in 
terms of penetration. And so, there's enormous upside to where we can take the business. We're continuing, I think 
we're moving forward to take initiatives to continue – as we stabilize it, to go forward, Dave again touched on the 
program packages we've changed. 

We've had this dynamic with the government, and I guess our view over time, we'll get to a place where we're 
competing in the commercial marketplace, not in the – not in the government capital and be able to take this business to 
its potential. We think it has great potential. We feel very good about things we've done. We've got a platform that is 
bumping up at five million subs, and we think pay television has a bright future in Italy. 

<A - Gary Ginsberg, Executive Vice President, Global Marketing and Corporate Affairs>: And the question on 
search. 

<A - Chase Carey>: But the question on search. And what was it -



<A - Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well I think it's quite simple. I can jump in on 
that. The search revenue, I think Dave mentioned that we needn't go much further on it. We have not been making our 
minimum guarantees, so our search revenue will not be what was advertised much earlier, but Dave has covered that. 
Isn't that correct, Dave? 

<A - David DeVoe, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: That's correct. 

<Q - Richard Greenfield>: Thanks so much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Jolanta Masojada with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Jolanta Masojada>: Thanks very much. Just a notch at the comments you made about being pretty conservative 
still on the economic outlook and having the $2 billion debt repayment. Can you just talk about your attitude to 
acquisitions and whether you would be tempted by anything that may come along? 

<A - Chase Carey>: In terms of acquisitions? Look, again, I think our preference is really, in general, to build over 
buy. I think that's historically how we've built value in this company. And whether it was SKY, or FOX News, or the 
franchises, that has been the heart of what we've done. I think that to the degree that there are acquisition opportunities, 
I think we'd be selective and judicious about them and be disciplined, and I think make sure if there's something, it fits, 
I think there are areas we think have growth potential, cable channels, international, the marketplace, where we have 
some unique strengths to bring to bear. But I think if we did, we'd want to make sure we're being disciplined about 
what we acquire, and that by and large, most of the upside comes after – from things we can add to it, not – we're not 
acquiring something, and doing a lot of work to pay for it. 

But I think at its heart we have great growth in the franchises we have. As we look at the businesses we've got here, 
great growth potential in them, I expect that to be what drives our business. And I think that is our focus, and to the 
degree we can find business that we can build to complement them, we will certainly pursue those. 

But selectively, if we see an asset we think we could acquire at an attractive price that fits, I think we'd in a disciplined 
way engage and consider it. 

<A - Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, I would support that. I would say if you 
look at us historically, most of our best profit makers are things we either started from scratch or bought for peanuts. 
When you look at the London Sun, which is a roaring success and very, very profitable right through to the FOX film, 
you know, we in fact paid for the FOX studio about $300 million. And it's now making, just on its film production and 
its television production, nearly a billion dollars a year. So, we are not going to go rushing into huge things unless we 
see really wonderful fits. 

<A - Gary Ginsberg, Executive Vice President, Global Marketing and Corporate Affairs>: Next question, please. 

Operator 

And that will be from Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank. Please, go ahead. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Thanks. I just wanted to follow up on the re-trans question. If you are successful getting – 
let's just pick $0.75 or so for sub and re-trans fees 


<A - Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Don't be so modest. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Just to use a number. Does that fix the broadcast business model as you've suggested needs 
to be done, and do you take that money and put it in your pocket? Do you take that money and invest it in programming 
to try to improve sort of the trend line for the broadcast business? 


And then separately, film's having a really strong year. Is it possible to grow further, and just really given the tough 
at-home video trends, how would you go about doing that, based on what you've seen so far with your tenure at the 
company now? 

<A - Chase Carey>: Well, first on the network and broadcasting, and retransmission. Clearly, it is not sort of a 
one-note song and just retransmission addresses the business. I think you've got an array of things on it, I think we have 
to attack cost of content. You've got changing windows, value of syndication, value of reruns. There are a lot of things 
changing in this business, emerging digital distribution of content. And I think all those things you have to deal with 
and figure out how to be smart about it. 

Look, I think you have – I do think you have to continue to invest in content. I think this is a business where you can't 
survive in the middle. I think it is all about being – leadership and having hits. I think probably business is going to be 
more hit driven than ever and if you have hits, they're more valuable than ever. We've got to be smart about how we 
create those hits. I think we have great platforms to do it. 

I think retransmission in many ways is sort of a building block to sort of go address a lot of those things. I just think it's 
really tough to compete with the cable channel business model of dual revenue stream without having one in 
broadcasting. But from there, there's certainly an array of other things that go from cost to affiliate relations to content 
windows and how do you create events and capture value out of the content you're putting into the broadcast platform. 

So yeah, I do think there are a lot of things you need to continue to build this business. This can be a great business. 
Broadcast networks are still the pinnacle of the content world. They still get, by multiples, the biggest audience with the 
biggest events and whether it's sports or American Idols, or 24s, they are great launching platforms for the best in 
content in television. So, but there's a lot of things we need to do there. So it's not just simply fight for retrans, and fight 
for retransmission. 

I think in the film business, clearly I think the DVD business is maturing and in a decline. I think fortunately we have 
some – we have some sort of distribution mediums that are replacing it. Blu-ray is growing, I think probably more 
importantly and ultimately, in a much bigger way, VOD is emerging. It's not going to be in a year but I think as you go 
out a couple years you'll stabilize that and I think have growth opportunities as you really use the electronic media and 
to create windows and pricing and things that you can't do in hard goods that benefit you. 

I think at the same time the film business is going to clearly benefit in the short-term from a shakeout in production 
volume, just not going to have as many releases in the marketplace and that will help us top to bottom, certainly on the 
revenue side, in terms of capturing windows, and theatrical, and video share of market. 

But equally in terms of cost and being more disciplined, as you go, into a business, that does not have as much free 
money around it. And there's no question we need to get smarter, not just spend, produce, but market films. 

I think our film management team by a long margin is the best in the business. I think they've done a great job. I think 
they continue to do a great job. I think you see that in the results this quarter. I think we feel great about where we are 
and where they're taking it. 

So I think we can continue to really create a leadership position with really smart guys managing a complicated 
business that I think as DVDs mature will have other distribution mediums that replace it. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

And next we'll go to the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Thanks. Good afternoon. Chase, to go back to some of the retrans comments and you 
mentioned your affiliate relationships. Could you see a scenario in the next five to maybe 10 years where all the retrans 
or subscription fees flow through the network and the relationship with the stations goes away effectively and if you 


don't and you see the station's always being sort of a key component of the affiliate retrans flow does it make more 
sense to own more stations? And then maybe for Rupert, any update on the Wall Street Journal .com as well as the 
eReader stuff there was a lot of discussion earlier this year about relationships with Amazon and the Kindle. Could you 
give us an update on that front as well? 

<A - Chase Carey>: On the broadcasting model, I don't see stations going away. I look at them, I think in many ways. 
There's an opportunity to still – to sort of continue to build this model, which really a station at heart to bring the best in 
local programming to a network which puts in place the best in national event programming, and I think that's a great 
mix. And I think it's why we're investing more in news and expanding our news coverage with the ultimate local 
programming on the station side. 

I think in terms of sharing retransmission, we do it on a basis of fairness. What is the value of the marketplace, the 
content coming through these mediums. I think the stations have a important role. I don't see us probably being 
expanding into that. I think we're comfortable where we are, which I think is probably really focused on the biggest 
markets and being a global player I think is probably a better place to really capture. If it be in the markets that really 
set the pace and set the template for the broader business. So I think we're – I wouldn't see us expanding into it. But I 
think long-term, I think we'd like to have a very healthy relationship, if it was between stations and network, and then 
develop in a sense of fairness, what is the value of retransmission and how should it be appropriately shared the 
content. Was there another question? 

<A - Gary Ginsberg, Executive Vice President, Global Marketing and Corporate Affairs>: For Rupert, on the 
Wall Street Journal. 

<A - Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Oh, yeah, on the Wall Street Journal .com, it's 
going well. We're getting the pricing up. Very strongly. I think we'll be announcing some extra developments with it. 
And if they haven't been announced already, I'm not sure, with the WSJ Professional, and which would be a much 
higher price for special disciplines in finance. 

But it's – let me go on from that because of the eReader you mentioned and Kindle. Kindle, look, Kindle is a fantastic 
invention for reading books. It's not much of an experience for newspapers. We were, at least Amazon was charging 

9.99 for a subscription and only paying us 2.99. We've lifted that to $15, which we'll get over $6, 6.50, I think. But it's 
not a great deal, we don't look at it wonderfully. Amazon treats those people as their customers, not our customers 
So there will be other Kindles. They will keep developing and they're a great company. But they're not the only one. 
There'll probably be half a dozen eReaders of some sort on the market this Christmas. They'll all be very early stage, 
black and white efforts. And we'll certainly make ourselves available on them all, provided that we get a fair share of 
the revenue. There's a lot of other work going on on much more advanced models, which I won't go into here because 
it's still in the laboratories. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question is from David Bank with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead 

<Q - David Bank>: Thanks for the color on the local market, and it sounds like you're seeing some nice sequential 
acceleration there. Can you give a little bit of similar color on the network side and while we know scatter pricing's out 
to the upfront, can – upwards of the upfront, can you give us a little bit of kind of scatter over scatter color? Thanks. 

<A - Chase Carey>: David. the network business, is actually for us it's a pretty good story. Obviously the ratings as 
Rupert touched on have been, they've been great. The scatter market is really strong. I always said above, you said it's 
above upfront pricing, probably if anything is a bit of an understatement. I think scatter market is stronger now than it 
was a month or two ago. Again, I guess I qualify it all with sort of saying you still have a market that is shorter term 
than ever and the visibility is shorter than ever, and so it's tough to get very far out in front of it. 


Because a few advertisers are, even while the market's healthier, buying later and looking out and trying to look out 
into the first quarter of 2010, and the like. You don't have the visibility you would have had a year ago but in the 
current market, the scatter market, has, is as strong as it's been, but it requires a bit of a backbone, because it's later than 
ever. So something like the NFL, which do sell well, the ratings in the NFL are great, but it's still the money comes in, 
comes in in a shorter timeframe than it has historically in the past. 

But the national business is solid and there's some categories that are actually quite strong, as we look at key areas like 
electronics and a few others. 

<A - Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I just add that we're being greatly – mostly being 
great aided by our ratings. We're winning without any sensational ratings. We're winning four nights out of seven in the 
key demographics and just having a very solid performance there I think. So we're probably getting a bigger share of 
what is out there, but – and we've never been – I mean, the last four years or five years we've been the number one 
network but we've never been number one so early in the season. Normally, we runabout third or fourth right up until 
the start of American Idol ,and we're already number one this year. So I think we have every reason to be pleased with 
our people and what they're – and the job they're doing. 

<A - Chase Carey>: Yeah, I'd say, from management, if you quantify it a little bit, you took the September quarter, we 
were probably at the network level down low to mid-single digits year-on-year and if you look into this quarter, we will 
clearly be up from a year ago. 

<Q - David Bank>: Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Our next question's from Jason Bazinet with Citi. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Just a few months ago, I guess this is a question for Mr. Murdoch. A few months, it seems that 
the situation was pretty fluid in the Australian pay TV market. I was just wondering if you could update us on and give 
us a sense of the dynamic there and whether you think there's any role for News Corp. given your stake in FOXTEL 
and FOX Sports. Thanks. 

<A - Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, we're very happy at the progress of 
FOXTEL and which we have the right to appoint the management but we only earn a quarter of it. FOX Sports is very 
profitable and nice but we only own a half of it and that's about the picture. 

There's endless talk going on with the new setup with the private eye Telstra of the government talking about putting in 
a broadband network to every single home in the country for $40 billion or something. It's all in flux. That's all I can 
tell you. 

But certainly I mean FOXTEL will continue the only question is whether we can improve our position within that. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Okay, thank you very much. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to the line of Spencer Wang with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Spencer Wang>: Thanks. The new management team at MySpace and FOX Interactive has been in place for a 
couple of quarters now. Can you update us on what the new strategy is to re-stimulate growth there? And then Chase, 
you mentioned earlier there are a lot of changes in the business with respect to windows and the value of reruns and 
syndication. In that context, could you envision a future where News Corp. sheds some assets and materially alters the 
asset mix of the company? Thank you. 


<A - Chase Carey>: I guess on the MySpace question I think what we got was we got a big spread, a bit wide and thin 
and I think what we're focusing on is sort of the heart of our business going forward really being a social network 
around key content sites. We're not trying to compete with Facebook. We're not trying to beat Twitter. We're trying to 
create a unique expertise. And in terms of sort of social networking around key content sites, and I guess particularly 
like music, video, and gaming. I think we're probably furthest along in music and I think we've taken steps that, give us 

– that point us in the right direction. It's clearly still a work in progress. 
We're still losing traffic. So it is still a business going through this transition as we try to focus on those. But I'd say 
that's the heart really is creating a leadership position in terms of social networking around – focused around key 
content areas, like music. 

I think in terms of the windowing question, I think probably it's more what would have to be done and what's happened. 
By and large most of the practices today are probably not that different than they've been. I think they've probably it 
would be interesting, always gets a little hung up on hanging onto its old practices, but clearly the value is reruns and 
the historical windows of waiting five years for syndication I think will change. I think people have to start to move and 
are trying to develop those things. I'm not sure that connects to disposing of a business. I think you always want to be 
looking at what you're doing and where you are. Right now if I looked at the mix of businesses, certainly I mean the 
content channels, platforms, geographic mix, I think it gives us some unique strengths that we can build and develop. 
Was there another? Okay. 

<A - Gary Ginsberg, Executive Vice President, Global Marketing and Corporate Affairs>: No. Next question, 
please. 

Operator 

And that's from John Janedis with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. 

<Q - John Janedis>: Hi. Thank you. You guys made reference to softness at the RSNs over the past couple of 
quarters. You talked about auto earlier, can you give us more detail on what you're seeing on the ad front in 
sports-related programming at the RSNs, the Big Ten, and FOX. Thanks. 

<A - Chase Carey>: I think rating-wise it's okay. I think in terms of ad sales. It's actually even this quarter. I think we 
expect. And the quarter ended December will be up a touch, on ad sell. I think the automotive category has gotten a bit 
better in some places, and the first quarter was a tough one for ad sales but we do expect it to be up a touch on the year, 
and up a touch in the second quarter. So it certainly is better. I guess I would point out in the RSNs, if all our 
businesses, it is the one that is largely driven by the affiliate – the affiliate fee side. 

So we have businesses, so if you look at the mix of affiliate fees and ad sales, it is a business that is probably at the sort 
of high end of the percentage of certainly for us, by a significant margin, high end driven by the size of affiliate fees, 
really driving the bottom line of the business. But we certainly had a tough first quarter and it's a bit better in the 
second quarter. 

<A - Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I guess to expand a little. I think on the RSNs, 
they're very local and the automotive there comes very largely from sponsorships from the big local car dealers and 
they were having a very, very rough time in this quarter, under consideration. It seems to be easing up now. On the 
national – pure national front, direct expenditure from the Fords and the General Motors, and so on, and the Toyotas, 
that seems to be coming back, not to its old level but it is certainly better. Clearly better. Is that right, Chase? 

<A - Chase Carey>: That's right. That's an accurate statement. 

<Q - John Janedis>: Thank you. 

<A - Gary Ginsberg, Executive Vice President, Global Marketing and Corporate Affairs>: Operator, we'll take 
one more question from the financial community and then we'll go to the press. 


Operator 

Okay, then we'll go to Michael Morris with UBS. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Michael Morris>: Hi, thank you. On the television station side, there was a pretty surprising impressive number, 
up mid teens in November. Can you give us some more color on that in terms of what categories you're seeing 
strengthen and maybe a little bit of whether you – maybe how much is coming from the strong ratings that you're 
enjoying at the network level, so how much is you taking share in the markets, how much is money coming back in and 
then also on the network side, as you look out between this quarter into the next quarter, what's your level of concern 
about there being a glut of inventory available, given the lower upfront sellout, and have you seen any cancellations yet 
as you look into that quarter? Thank you. 

<A - Chase Carey>: I think if you look at November, there are a number of categories that are pretty positive, certainly 
movie, I think fast food, financials. 

<A - Gary Ginsberg, Executive Vice President, Global Marketing and Corporate Affairs>: Autos are improving. 

<A - Chase Carey>: Certain – autos improved certainly sequentially improved significantly. So there are a pretty wide 
range, some are stronger than others. [inaudible] 

Some other voice coming in here, not sure who it was. So it's actually a pretty wide range, certainly the ratings are 
helping. We've got some of the – we have the World Series helping us in markets like New York, where New York, 
Philly certainly helps those stations. So it's a pretty good, it is a pretty good mix of categories that are driving it. 

<A - Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: It's been steady each month it has gotten a little bit 
better until finally in November it's great. Just a word of warning, the comparisons are going to be getting easier and 
easier. It was about this time last year when the bottom fell out of the business. So to beat last year's figures, in the next 
few months, should be pretty easy. Because everybody – business just stopped. That's when we really took the big hit. 

<A - Chase Carey>: And the other caution is sort of again back to the visibility point. If you look out a couple months, 
you still have a ways to go. If you looked at November a month ago, we still would have had a ways to go. Money is 
coming in very late in this process, which does make it more difficult than it – probably ever to forecast out in time. 

<A - Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think internally, for internal purposes, we're 
going to start looking more at comparing how we are today compared to two years ago rather than one year ago when 
we were clearly in a financial crisis. 

<A - Gary Ginsberg, Executive Vice President, Global Marketing and Corporate Affairs>: We'll go to the press, 
operator. 

Operator 

Certainly. I'll just give a quick reminder for the media. [Operator Instructions] And one moment, please for our first 
question. And that will be from Sarah Rabil from Bloomberg News Please go ahead. 

<Q - Sarah Rabil>: Hi, Rupert, I was hoping you could update us on the comments you made about NBC at the annual 
meeting. And I was wondering if as the Comcast talks, or NBC, you're still watching closely, is it something you're still 
looking at and how you might look to get involved with NBC? 

<A - Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: No, we're not interested in NBC as such. I was just 
saying, look, when things come around, we kick the tires. But we're not in any talks with anybody at the moment. 

<Q - Sarah Rabil>: Thank you. 


Operator 

And we'll go to Barbara Miller with ABC Radio. Please go ahead 

<Q - Barbara Miller>: Hello, can you hear me? 

<A - Gary Ginsberg, Executive Vice President, Global Marketing and Corporate Affairs>: Yes, we can. Go 
ahead. 

<A - Daniel DeVoe>: Hello? 

<Q - Barbara Miller>: Hello, can you hear me? 

<A - Daniel DeVoe>: Yes, we can. 

<A - Gary Ginsberg, Executive Vice President, Global Marketing and Corporate Affairs>: Let's take the next 
question, operator. 

Operator 

Certainly. We'll go to Brian Stelter with the New York Times. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Brian Stelter>: Thank you. There was much talk in the past three months about an agreement between News 
Corporation and General Electric to limit the attacks between FOX and MSNBC. Is News Corporation continuing to 
seek to limit those attacks? And on a related note, do you view the tensions with the White House as being good for 
business for FOX News? 

<A - Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, on the first thing, we did not start this abuse, 
which we thought went way beyond – it was personal and went way beyond – not on me, but on others, and it was 
finally we had to allow people to retaliate. And the moment they stop, we'll stop. We don't believe in it. We don't think 
it's good business. 

As for tension with the White House, no, I think they've overplayed it and it's probably been good for us in terms of 
ratings. But in fact we – it was very interesting when they – I don't know what prompted it, probably tempers I think, 
when they tried to bar us from a pool press conference. And all our competitors, ABC, CBS, NBC, immediately went 
to the White House and complained and said this was not the way to treat anybody in the media. I suppose they thought 
they might be next. So we don't really have any continuing problem there at all. We cover them, and they have said 
publicly, that we are absolutely fair in our reporting of the White House. They just don't like one or two of our 
commentators, which I understand. 

<Q - Brian Stelter>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Shira Ovide with the Wall Street Journal. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Shira Ovide>: Hi, thanks. I was interested in whether you are still in the running for the Travel Channel? 

<A - Chase Carey>: We're not going to comment on any sort of specific properties that we haven't – we haven't to date 
publicly commented on. So I think we'll probably just leave that as is at this point. 

<A - Gary Ginsberg, Executive Vice President, Global Marketing and Corporate Affairs>: Next question, please. 

Operator 


And we'll go to Claire Atkinson with the Broadcasting & Cable. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Claire Atkinson>: Hello, I was interested to know how Comcast's likely acquisition of NBCU changes how you 
deal with Comcast given that they are likely to own a broadcast network that will rival FOX's? 

<A - Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, we'll treat them on those levels as 
competitors. Whereas, as a cable company, and in a sense, they're partners. They distribute our properties and distribute 
them very well. We have good relations with them. And for that matter we have good relations with NBC but we 
compete very vigorously in the marketplace. 

<Q - Claire Atkinson>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll go to James Quinn with the Daily Telegraph. Please go ahead 
<Q - James Quinn>: Hi, chaps. Rupert, last time, at the end of the last quarter you talked about charging news and 

paper websites by the end of the current financial year, by the end of June. Could you give us an update on how that 
work is going? 
<A - Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: No. We are working all very, very hard, but I 

wouldn't promise that we're going to meet that date. 
<Q - James Quinn>: Right, okay. What's the delay? 
<A - Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: With everything. 
<Q - James Quinn>: Say again? 
<A - Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I'm not prepared to comment on that at all. 
<Q - James Quinn>: Okay. 
<A - Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: It's a work in progress and there's a huge amount 


of work going on. Not just with our sites, but with other people. 
<Q - James Quinn>: Sure. 
<A - Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Like your company. 
<Q - James Quinn>: Indeed. Thanks. 


Operator 

And we'll go to line of Ken Li with the Financial Times. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Kenneth Li>: If I understand you correctly, Chase, given that most of the contracts for retrans are expiring in the 
next three years, do you think FOX could do better than the 200 million or so that CBS said it could generate by 2011? 

<A - Chase Carey>: Again, I'm not going to get into projections. I think we have great programming at FOX. We 
think it adds great value. You can look at what some of the channels, ESPN at the extreme, regional sports channels, 
even the USA and TNT's got major untouchment about what you think FOX is worth. It probably is actually worth 
significantly more than we would look for but I'm not going to get into sort of what I think probably at this point are 
discussions, private discussions, between parties and starting to quantify it. I think we'll have those discussions in 
private first, before we do it in public 


<A - Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I just – to stress what Chase said, just look at what 
ESPN gets and what its total audience is. It's a very important channel. But how many hours of viewing is there on 
ESPN for the average cable company for which they pay $4 a month and compare that with FOX. I'm not suggesting 
we're going to get $4, but we have to have some sense of relativity and values. 

<A - Gary Ginsberg, Executive Vice President, Global Marketing and Corporate Affairs>: Next question, please. 

Operator 

And that's from Georg Szalai from the Hollywood Reporter. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Georg Szalai>: Thank you. Hey Chase, you mentioned that it's a good thing that there are fewer film releases in a 
year compared to the past. 

<A - Chase Carey>: Can you speak up a little bit. We're not hearing you very well. 

<Q - Georg Szalai>: Can you hear me now? 

<A - Chase Carey>: Yeah. 

<Q - Georg Szalai>: Thank you. Chase, you mentioned that it's a good thing there are fewer film releases in a year. Do 
you think there's going to be further thinning out current levels or do you think we already kind of at the same level at 
this stage? 

<A - Chase Carey>: Release, I mean, I'm not sure I heard all of it but I think in terms of releases, I think it has – 
declined into this season but I think you'll see further – I think you will see declines as you go forward. Obviously, you 
have the lag time when some of the production money started to dry up from third parties and the like, that probably 
does affect releases still looking forward. 

<A - Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: [inaudible] 

<A - Chase Carey>: – money out there before. It's not there now. 

<A - Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: No, and as far as FOX goes, all you can say, it's 
got a very promising slate of pictures coming up for the next 18 months. It's a very dangerous thing to predict how 
they'll do. 

<A - Gary Ginsberg, Executive Vice President, Global Marketing and Corporate Affairs>: Next question, please. 

Operator 

And we'll go to Richard Morgan with The Deal. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Richard Morgan>: Yes, Rupert, when you say that you're not in talks with anybody at the moment, could you 
sort of clarify that or put it in context regarding the Travel Channel, particularly in light of the cash flow debate going 
on, your interests in the National 


<A - Chase Carey>: The Travel Channel – we have agreements on the Travel Channel so we're not going to comment 
on the Travel Channel. A disclosure. We're not going to comment on disclosure on it. We have disclosure obligations 
and we're going to abide by them. 

<Q - Richard Morgan>: Thank you. 

Operator 


And we'll go to Andrew Court with the Guardian Please go ahead. 

<Q>: Yeah, Hi, can you tell us whether the Wall Street Journal is profitable at the moment? 

<A - Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes 

<Q>: It is. 

<A - Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Barely, but yes. 

<Q>: I noticed it increased its circulation slightly but it still increased it in the recent ABC figures. And pretty much 
everyone else was down. What magic did you work to get the circulation up there? 

<A - Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: We produced a better newspaper. 

<Q>: I mean, did that -


<A - Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I'm sorry, but it's as simple as that. 

<Q>: Was there a lot of marketing spending that went on to get -


<A - Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Not at all. Well, nothing more than in the past or 
nothing extraordinary. 

<Q>: All right, thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll go to Staci Kramer with ContentNext Media. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Staci Kramer>: Hi. Rupert, Chase. Could you please give a little more on how you see the Digital Media Group 
playing out over the next year? You've talked about the idea of entertainment destinations, how does that fit in with 
what you're doing? And also, how does that fit in, if at all with what you're trying to do on the pay side for the 
newspapers? 

<A - Chase Carey>: I'm not sure I got all that, but I think I got part of it. Again, I think in terms of what – where we're 
going with MySpace. I think that beyond what I said, I sort of described, the content arena, is we're looking to develop 
an expertise and a following in social networking around, I think what that – it is – we are in a state of transition. And 
really it's a work in progress. So I think probably to sit here and say we've got a clear vision of what it looks like in 12 
months is probably just not where we're at. 

I think we've gone through significant changes in terms of layoffs and restructuring and new management. They've 
been in place for a quarter or plus. I think we've done a good job getting in the right direction, but it is still very much a 
work in progress. We're probably further along in probably the music category is the one, I think we're the furthest 
along in, but it is – but I think it is a work in progress, and I would not be able to sit here and say we have a vision of 
what this is going to look like in 12 months. I think we know some of the things – some of the things we think are 
opportunities and we're trying to – and we're pursuing them but we'll see as it goes along. 

I guess I got to know – I don't know whether there's a pay wall in question, but really, the pay wall question, it's not 
related to MySpace. They're not, they're really not – they're really two separate initiatives. I think largely in digital I 
think on the one hand, we have a digital world. Fundamental question of, as we create content, the content we create 
whether it's news content, entertainment content, sports content, how do you distribute that content in a digital world 
and the pay wall initiative's all part of that and how we're distributing our content, I think that's one just sort of major 
strategic thrust for us. 

I think there's then another is how do we compete in the digital world that is not a direct extension of our content. 
Those two connect in places but I think the MySpace initiatives are really much more competing first and foremost in 


this digital universe. It's not a direct extension of our content and again, MySpace over time clearly would have 
opportunities to work with our franchise but right now the pay wall initiative is a very different one and really not 
connected in its independent of our MySpace initiatives. 

<Q - Staci Kramer>: And Rupert, that $900 million guarantee from Google was extremely important in terms of 
rationalizing MySpace back when it was made. How far short are you going to fall in the 900 million? 

<A - Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I don't know if I want to quantify it. I don't know 
but I would think – I'd be guessing to answer that, but it will be a real figure. 

<A - Chase Carey>: It will be significant. It will – touch over half, but it will be – this year. 

<A - Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Certainly will pay – it will drop 300. 

<Q - Staci Kramer>: [inaudible] 

<A - Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: It was tied to very high guarantees which we have 
not met. 

<A - Chase Carey>: It's something, Rupert, around 10% or something like that of the total. It's not -


<A - Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: [inaudible] 

<Q - Staci Kramer>: Okay so [inaudible] 


<A - Gary Ginsberg, Executive Vice President, Global Marketing and Corporate Affairs>: One last question, 
operator. 

Operator 

Certainly. That would be from Andrew Edgecliffe with the Financial Times. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Andrew Edgecliffe-Johnson>: Okay, thank you. Can you update us on your plans for the Dow Jones indexes? 
There's been some reporting that you've had approaches of interest in that. Do you intend to keep full control or partial 
control? 

<A - Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: We intend to keep absolute control of the name 
and the content of the index. Whether we merge it with another index company or something is another matter. And is 
something I can't comment on at the moment. 

Gary Ginsberg, Executive Vice President, Global Marketing and Corporate 
Affairs 

Thank you everybody for joining the call. If you have any further questions, please call us in New York. Teri Everett or 
Jack Horner will be happy to answer your queries, and have a good day. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this conference is available for replay. It starts today at 6:30 p.m. Eastern and will last until 
November 14 at midnight. You may access the replay at any time by dialing 800-475-6701or 320-365-3844. The 
access code, 118492. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now 
disconnect. 


This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


