Q2 2008 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Larry Polizzotto, Vice President, Investor Relations 
• Michael J. Ahearn, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman 
• Jens Meyerhoff, Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Vishal Shah 
• Mark Heller 
• Stephen O'Rourke 
• Stephen Chin 
• Michael Molnar 
• Timothy Arcuri 
• Nick Allen 
• Satya Kumar 
• Robert Stone 
• Sanjay Shrestha 
• Sam Dubinsky 
• Mark Bachman 
• Jonathan Dorsheimer 
• Pearce Hammond 
• Al Kaschalk 
• Dan Ries 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day everyone and welcome to the First Solar Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being 
webcast live on the Investor Section of First Solar's website at www.firstsolar.com. At this time all participants are in a 
listen-only mode. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Larry 
Polizzotto, Vice President of Investor Relations for First Solar Incorporated. Mr. Polizzotto, you may begin. 

Larry Polizzotto, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us for First Solar's fiscal second quarter 2008 
conference call. Today after the market closed the company issued a press release announcing its fiscal second quarter 
2008 financial results. If you did not receive a copy of the press release, you can obtain one from the Investor Section 
of First Solar's website at www.firstsolar.com. 

An audio replay of the conference call will also be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of the call. 
The audio replay will remain available until Friday, August the 1st, 2008, at 8:59 PM Mountain Standard Time or 

11:59 PM Eastern Daylight Time, and can be accessed by dialing 888-266-2081 if you are calling from within the 
United States or 703-925-2533, if you are calling from outside of the United States and then entering access ID number 

1255716. A replay of this webcast will also be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of the call and 
will be available for 90 calendar days. If you're a subscriber of FactSet, you can also obtain a written transcript within 
two hours. 

On the phone in Germany are Mike Ahearn, Chief Executive Officer; Jens Meyerhoff, Chief Financial Officer; and 
Bruce Sohn, President of First Solar. Mike will begin the call with an overview of the company's achievements and 
progress during the quarter. Jens will then provide an update of the second quarter 2008 financial results, an update to 
the financial guidance for 2008. We will then open the call for questions. 

I want to remind you that all financial numbers reported and discussed on today's call will be based on Generally 
Accepted Accounting Principles. The company has approximately one hour for today's call. During the Q&A period, as 
a courtesy to those individuals seeking to ask questions, we ask that participants limit themselves to one question and 
one follow-up question. 

Now, I'd like to make a brief statement regarding forward-looking remarks that you may hear on today's call. During 
the course of this call the company will make projections and other comments that are forward-looking statements 
within the meaning of the Federal Securities laws. The forward-looking statements in this call are based on current 
information and expectations and are subject to uncertainties and changes in circumstances and do not constitute 
guarantees of future performance. These statements involve a number of factors that can cause actual results to differ 
materially from those statements, including the risks described in the company's most recent annual report, Form 10-K, 
and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. First Solar assumes no obligations to update any 
forward-looking information contained in this call or with respect to announcements described herein. 

Before I turn the call over to Mike Ahearn, I'd like to mention that during the third calendar quarter of 2008 the 
company will be speaking at the following conferences: first, the Pacific Crest Technology Conference in Vail, 
Colorado on August the 5th, 2008; second, Citigroup's Technology Conference in New York City on September the 
3rd, 2008; and finally, Cowen's Clean Energy Conference in New York City on September the 10th, 2008. 

It's now my pleasure to introduce Mike Ahearn, CEO of First Solar. Mike? 

Michael J. Ahearn, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman 

Thank you, Larry, and thank you for participating in First Solar's Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Call. Our focus for 
2008 remains unchanged as we continue to ramp capacity at our new production facilities, drive operational excellence 
and cost leadership and further develop market opportunities within Europe and for large utility scale PV system 
deployments in the United States. During the second quarter of 2008 we continued to make strong progress toward 
these goals. 

Second quarter production was 114.1 megawatts, representing an annualized line capacity of approximately 48 
megawatts per line, which is a 5% increase over the first quarter and a 30% increase year over year, resulting from 
continuous run rate, yield, and efficiency improvements. 

Conversion efficiency increased 10 basis points sequentially to an average of 10.7% for the quarter. Net sales for the 
second quarter were $267 million, generating GAAP net income of $69.7 million or $0.85 per diluted share, and cost 
per watt was $1.18 and included $0.06 of KLM ramp cost. In addition, we recently produced our 500th cumulative 
megawatt. 

The construction of our Malaysian manufacturing center is progressing well. Plant One ramped better than expected 
and contributed $47.4 million to our second quarter net sales. We anticipate Plant One to reach full capacity during the 
third quarter of 2008. Plant Two construction and equipment qualification have been completed and we expect the 
production ramp to commence during the third quarter. We also expect revenue shipments from Plant Two on 
successful completion of our product qualification tests in the beginning of the fourth quarter. Plant Two is scheduled 
to achieve full capacity by year end. Plants Three and Four are progressing well, although as of today we are too early 
in the process to quantify any potential upside. 


Turning to the market, in Germany revisions to the feed-in tariff law have brought greater certainty to the market, 
although steeper digression rates will make project economics more challenging for the industry over the next several 
years. In response to the lower feed-in tariff for free field projects, we expect our German customers to gradually begin 
shifting higher proportions of their First Solar deployments in Germany from free field to rooftop systems and to 
pursue opportunities increasingly outside of Germany. 

We expect to see increasing sales in Italy over the balance of 2008 and 2009 as several of our customers with long-term 
contracts begin to serve this market. In addition, we recently entered into a 17-megawatt contract that establishes a new 
business relationship with Enel, the largest utility in Italy. 

We also anticipate sales growth in France. The French government has been considering an increase to its feed-in tariff 
program and we believe First Solar is well positioned in the French market with our existing customer relationships. 

In Spain we're following discussions within the Spanish government concerning revisions to the Royal Decree. We 
don't have much to add outside of what's been reported and we can't predict the outcome of these discussions. 
However, our new term exposure to the Spanish market is limited. We continue to believe Spain can be an important 
market over time due to its abundant sunshine and unmet need for renewable energy. 

In the US as previously stated, our 2008 goals are to establish pilot projects that will enable us to validate and 
demonstrate the cost and performance of utility scale PV systems in the US and to establish business relationships with 
US utilities that will enable us to expand project volumes in future years. We've focused our efforts on California due 
to investor-owned utilities' large unmet demand for solar power in order to comply with that state's renewable portfolio 
standards. 

During the second quarter we made significant progress on our US market goals. We recently announced a 7.5 
megawatt AC pilot project in Blythe, California, which First Solar may expand at its option to 21 megawatts AC. First 
Solar will construct and finance this project and sell the power to Southern California Edison under a long-term power 
purchase agreement. Recently we received approval from the California Public Utilities Commission and anticipate 
starting construction in the first half of 2009 subject to an extension of the Federal ITC. 

We also recently announced a 10 megawatt AC project in Nevada with Sempra Generation, a subsidiary of Sempra 
Energy, which First Solar will construct adjacent to an existing combined cycle plant. The project is expected to be 
completed by the end of 2008. 

Finally, we announced a two-megawatt AC rooftop project in Southern California, which we believe will be the largest 
rooftop PV system in the US. First Solar has supplied the design and hardware for the system which will be owned 
directly by Southern California Edison. Construction has commenced and Southern California Edison expects to 
connect the PV power plant to the grid in September of 2008. 

These pilot projects enable First Solar to validate various system designs, product applications, and business models 
that have the potential to dramatically lower solar electricity prices in the US and to develop business relationships with 
two of the leading utilities in California. 

So in conclusion, Malaysia Plant's One and Two are progressing better than planned. We continue to see strong 
execution by our operations team at our existing plants, and our entry into the US utility segment is proceeding on plan 
with three important pilot projects currently underway and significant business relationships established with two 
leading US utilities. 

With that, I would now like to turn the discussion over to Jens Meyerhoff, our CFO, who will discuss our second 
quarter 2008 financial results and an update to our guidance for 2008. 

Jens Meyerhoff, Chief Financial Officer 


Thank you, Mike, and good evening. Net sales for the second quarter of 2008 were $267 million, an increase of 70.1 
million, or 35.6%, over the first quarter of 2008, and an increase of 189.8 million compared to the same period of 2007. 
The increase in net sales was driven by the ramp of Plant One in Malaysia contributing $47.4 million, increased line 
throughput and customer mix of approximately $13.3 million, and the further strengthening of the euro contributing 
$9.4 million. ASP per watt rose to $2.57, up from $2.45 in the first quarter of 2008 primarily driven by favorable 
foreign exchange rates. 

Gross margin for the second quarter was 54.2%, up from 53% in the first quarter of 2008. Gross margin benefited from 
favorable foreign exchange rate trends, increased conversion efficiency, higher module run rates and lower material 
cost. This was partially offset by a ramp penalty of $6.4 million, or 2.6%, associated with the ramp of our first plant in 
Malaysia. 

We maintain an average 50% hedge of our expected net income over a rolling 12-months period composed of forward 
contracts and our ability to naturally hedge. For the remainder of 2008, 54% of our expected 2008 euro-denominated 
net sales have been hedged at an average exchange rate of $1.50 per euro. Given the natural hedge at our Frankfurt 
Oder facility, approximately 73% of our expected 2008 earnings are hedged at this point. 

Cost per watt was $1.18, up from $1.14 in the prior quarter due to $0.06 of Malaysia 1 ramp cost, $0.02 of foreign 
exchange impact for expenses at our Frankfurt Oder plant. This was partially offset by increased throughput, lower 
material cost and lower labor cost in Malaysia. Manufacturing cost per watt included $0.03 of stock-based 
compensation in the second quarter. 

Operating expenses were 56 million in the second quarter versus 46.2 million in the first quarter of 2008. Excluding 
plant start-up cost, operating expenses were 51.4 million in the second quarter, up from $33.4 million in the first 
quarter. The increase of $18 million is a result of increased labor and infrastructure investments to support our 
continued growth with the main drivers being hiring and compensation expenses of 7.4 million, increased stock 
compensation expenses of 3.4 million, an increase in R&D-related expenses of 1.7 million and 5.5 million of various 
other expenses. 

Plant start-up costs decreased by 8.1 million sequentially to 4.6 million in the second quarter as Plant One in Malaysia 
commenced production and we continued to incur start-up expenses of Plants Two through Four. Plant start-up 
expenses will increase sequentially in the third and fourth quarter of 2008 due to the pending start-up of these plants. 

Operating income for the second quarter was 33.2% of net sales, or 88.7 million, compared to 29.5%, or 58.1 million, 
during the first quarter, and 5.8 million during the same period of 2007 and included $15.4 million of stock-based 
compensation expenses. 

Interest income for the quarter was $4.9 million, reflecting an average pre-tax yield of 2.9% and compared to $6.7 
million in the first quarter of 2008. The decline in interest income was driven by lower interest rate and an average 
portfolio maturity of less than 90 days. 

Net income for the second quarter of 2008 was $69.7 million, or $0.85 per share on a fully diluted basis, compared to 
$46.6 million, or $0.57 per share on a fully diluted basis, in the first quarter. Our tax rate for the second quarter of 2008 
was 25.8%. 

Cash and all other marketable securities decreased by 47.8 million to 661.2 million in the second quarter. Cash flow 
from operations during the second quarter of 2008 was $59.2 million and was impacted unfavorably by an increase in 
working capital of $59.8 million of both revenue growth and the actual pending start-up of our various plants in 
Malaysia. We spent $160 million in capital expenditures during the second quarter against deprecation of $13.4 
million. 

This brings me to our updated guidance for 2008. For 2008, we expect to sell 470 to 485 megawatts based on our 
demonstrated second quarter run rate and expected production from Plant One and Twp at our Malaysian 
manufacturing center. We expect net sales of 1.175 billion to 1.225 billion subject to comp store mix, foreign exchange 
fluctuations and the ramp of our second plant in Malaysia. We expect plant start-up cost of approximately $37 million. 


Stock-based compensation is estimated at 60 to $62 million with approximately 20% allocated to cost of goods sold. 

Our GAAP operating margin is expected between 31 and 33% subject to our net sales. Our tax rate for 2008 is expected 
to be approximately 27%. Year-end 2008 fully diluted share count guidance remains unchanged at an estimated 83 to 
84 million shares. Capital expenditure for the year is expected to be approximately $550 million. 

This concludes our prepared remarks and we'll open the call for questions. Operator? 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Vishal Shah from Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - Vishal Shah>: Yeah, thank you very much. Congratulations on a great quarter. Can you please talk about some of 
the potential factors involved in your decision to expand manufacturing beyond your four factories in Malaysia? And I 
have a follow-up after that. 

<A - Michael Ahearn>: Yeah. Thanks, Vishal. Well I think basically we're looking at production volumes in relation 
to market demand, and of course what we are saying is that we've been able to increase the throughput on our existing 
production lines more significantly and faster than initially conceived and bring up the new lines at a faster rate. So 
we've got a lot more volume flowing through now that's basically alleviated some short-term need to build more 
factories. At the same time, we've got an ongoing effort to identify sites and work through qualification and planning 
issues. We don't have a set timeframe, but we continue to look at market demand in relation to existing production, 
throughput gains and try to balance all the considerations. So we don't have anything to announce today, but we're 
constantly evaluating that. 

<Q - Vishal Shah>: Great. Thank you. And just on the US market, based on your experience so far, how do you see 
the market developing? What kind of model do you think works best? And how much dependent is it on the ITC? 

<A - Michael Ahearn>: Well our focus of course is right now on utilities in the US that are under renewable portfolio 
and standard obligations. I think there's a couple of – there's several potential models here that could make sense. One 
is we're calling the IPP model: build, own and operate a solar generation plant, sell the output under a long-term power 
purchase agreement, or some combination of that and a spot market offering, to a regulated entity under an obligation. 
That's one model. There's another one where you build and deliver a turnkey system to a regulated utility that then 
owns it and puts it in its rate base. There's probably a third channel to market where you're providing a turnkey system, 
or some element of that, to an unregulated affiliate of a diversified energy company. And I think any of these models 
could make sense depending on given geographic market or utility situation and depending to some extent on how the 
investment tax credit is structured going forward. So in the pilot projects we've actually piloted all three of those 
models, and we think it's important to have a tool box and some flexibility to see how these thing evolves. 

<Q - Vishal Shah>: Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Heller from Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Mark Heller>: Thanks. Great quarter. First a clarification, did you disclose what the shipments were? I know – I 
think production was 114 megawatts. What was shipments? 

<A - Jens Meyerhoff>: Shipments were 103.2 megawatts. 

<Q - Mark Heller>: Okay. And I guess on the ITC, if it's not extended, is there sort of like a backup plan for those 
modules? 


<A - Michael Ahearn>: I think there's a couple of things that could happen here, Mark. We might get between now 
and the end of the year – well we might get the eight year, or multi-year extension passed, but short of that it's 
conceivable to have a one year extension that will buy time post election to think through and consider something that's 
multi-year nature. If that doesn't occur, I think there is some projects that will go forward independent, have an 
investment tax credit and allow some of the early relatively lower volume work to continue. In our case, we would 
continue to serve the European markets. We don't have massive volumes of solar deployment planned in the near term 
in the US. I think basically we'd continue to focus on Europe and react a little bit to how the US situation unfolds. 

<Q - Mark Heller>: And one more question if I could, the line throughput was 48 megawatts last quarter. What do you 
think is the long-term target for that? 

<A - Michael Ahearn>: Well there's not a really a long-term target. I mean the way the – our culture and our approach 
is really built on a continuous improvement philosophy that basically says if we're at 48 megawatts now with – what 
constrains us from reaching a higher annual throughput rate? And that really tells us where to focus our efforts in order 
to alleviate the constraint that will bring us to the next level. So we're continuously improving trying to refocus and set 
the bar higher and continuously improve, and the efforts here in bringing up in Malaysia Plant One as it was and in 
driving, that's line throughput, are really a tribute to an incredible team. I mean these guys have done is nothing short of 
amazing, but it's a relentless sort of a continuous focus that they've got on continuing to raise that number. 

<Q - Mark Heller>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve O'Rourke from Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Stephen O'Rourke>: Thank you. Good afternoon. You announced the 10 megawatt project very recently. How 
should we think about modeling this type of business with the utility? For example, with respect to your core gross 
margins? 

<A - Jens Meyerhoff>: So, Steve, I think at this point in time we have not disclosed any details around the economics 
around this project for a simple reason, that we deem these project the pilot projects, and these pilots actually are 
geared towards validating our capability, our cost estimate, our execution capability around this new part of our 
business either we historically have not executed under. So we would like to have the opportunity to actually complete 
this pilot project. That's what they're intended to do. And as those complete, and we can fine tune our models, I think at 
that point in time we probably can give you more clarity. Obviously the guidance I gave on today's call includes the 
small impact of any of these projects. 

<Q - Stephen O'Rourke>: Fair enough. And then one quick follow-up. How many RFQs from utilities are out for bid 
now? And what's the aggregate size of those RFQs if you add them all up? 

<A - Michael Ahearn>: Well in California, which has really been our focus, there's a RFQ cycle that has recently been 
completed, and I can't tell you the total volumes but I'm certain that total aggregate volumes are in excess of a gigawatt. 
So those are all – the RFPs have been submitted now in response to those that are under consideration. And at least thus 
far in California it's worked on an annual cycle along those lines. So next year, come around May or so, we'd see 
another set of RFQs rolling out. In the other states, I think it really – it varies I think quite a bit state by state, that hasn't 
been our focus so far. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Stephen Chin with UBS. 

<Q - Stephen Chin>: Hi, thank you, and congratulations on the great execution there. My question is, what would you 
say the approximate revenue run rate of Malaysia Plant One will be when it reaches full capacity? And how much 


larger can we think of Malaysia Plant One -- how much larger is Malaysia Plant One in terms of revenues compared to 
say the Germany Oder plant? Thanks. 

<A - Michael Ahearn>: Well the run rate of our facility in Malaysia, we'll be running at the same rate as our facilities 
in Frankfurt Oder and in Perrysburg. So we ran at a rate of about 48 megawatts this quarter, and our expectations is that 
we would match that run rate sometime in the third quarter and see the full benefit of that throughout Q4. Of course 
that would generate the same revenues since the product out of Malaysia is being shipped into those same markets in 
which the Frankfurt Oder and Perrysburg volume is going. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Molnar from Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Michael Molnar>: Good afternoon everyone. 

<A - Michael Ahearn>: Michael. 

<Q - Michael Molnar>: Question on a related question before. When you think about owning the power versus 
manufacturing the module, I realize these are pilot projects, but as you think about it going forward over the next 
several years what kind of returns do you envision for the business? Is it going to be a similar hurdle rate on return on 
capital? Or do you think you might adjust that given the differing risks between owning the power and manufacturing 
module? Just trying to get a bigger picture view of how you might think about your hurdle rates as you make 
investments. 

<A - Jens Meyerhoff>: Yeah, I think if you look at it, right, we always articulated a goal to earn the 5% EVA spread 
over our average weighted cost of capital. And under the module business that number was 20%, so 15 plus 5. So we 
strive to continue to operate targeting this type of EVA spread. One thing you could, however, see as the financing of 
this project is quite different and the balance sheet of this business will be structured differently from a module 
business, that the weighted average cost of capital hopefully would be lower than the 15% in order to succeed. And 
then you add a 5% targeted EVA spread. So that's what we would strive to structure the economics around. 

<Q - Michael Molnar>: Okay. And as you think about this type of business going forward, what do you think you 
bring here in terms of an advantage over others that are going to try to do similar things on the installation side? 

<A - Michael Ahearn>: Well I think – I mean if you start with the module and the low-cost position around the 
module and then as we expand vertically into engineering procurement construction to a fuller build out of the turnkey 
system, we make most of our money on the module as opposed to a system integrator that needs a larger margin to be 
profitable. So I think there's an advantage going in, but then the ability to design the system and optimize it for cost and 
performance and then drive continuous improvements in throughput rates on the construction build much like what 
we've done with the factories through a Copy Smart process, we think will result in some pretty significant all-in cost 
reductions as well. So there's a variety of things that go into a lower turnkey system cost that we think we can drive. 
Volume of course relates to – yields purchasing discounts if things materialize the way we envision it. 

I would say on the project finance piece, right now the way that the tax code is structured, you're really looking at a 
tax-oriented investor to own the lion's share of the equity in whatever entity holds these projects long term. We don't 
see that being First Solar, at least for the foreseeable future. So you would probably should assume that there's a 
tax-oriented investor taking the bulk of the equity at a relatively modest yield along the lines of what you see in wind 
projects for example, and First Solar holding some residual interest. Usually that's a flow through interest under a flip 
structure or something along those line and it's got a carried return element to it. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Timothy Arcuri from Citi. 


<Q - Timothy Arcuri>: Hi guys, thanks a lot. Two things. First of all, can you give us some idea of what the 
incremental cost per watt is out of the new facility? 

<A - Jens Meyerhoff>: So at this point in time I think we're probably far enough where we can confirm the previously 
guided $0.20 per watt benefit. We're not fully ramped yet. We're fine tuning, but I would say we're comfortable with a 
$0.20 benefit. 

<Q - Timothy Arcuri>: Okay, Jens, thanks a lot. And then, can you give us some idea, Jens, when you think about '09 
what do you think about in relative to the total utility market? And what do you think your share of that market might 
be? I am just trying to figure out what the split would be of your revenue of utility versus non-utility? 

<A - Jens Meyerhoff>: Yeah, I mean honestly I think it's probably today we're probably not in the position really to 
start our 2009 guidance, so I think if you give us one more call usually we start to get into '09 guidance with the third 
quarter earnings call. So a quarter ahead of us and we'll probably give a little more detail on that call. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Nick Allen 3204 from Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Nick Allen>: Yeah, thanks for taking my call. Could you talk a little bit about the capacity factor that you're 
expecting from utility projects in Southern California on the heels of the Southern California Edison filing that 
indicated 27%? Which seems to be high compared to even tracking systems that get maybe 22 to 24%? 

<A - Michael Ahearn>: Yeah, I haven't seen that filing, Nick, or at least the reference to the 27%. That seems high to 
me too. I would have said low 20s in California. That's what we typically would see. 

<Q - Nick Allen>: Okay. And as a follow-up, 10.7% was the efficiency blended. Was there a premium efficiency? Or 
higher efficiency coming out of the Malaysia factory versus the rest of the lines as a whole? 

<A - Michael Ahearn>: Well the efficiency of 10.7 is just an average. We obviously have a distribution around that 
range of output from the different factories. Malaysia, starting up with our Copy Smart approach, is matching the 
performance of the other facilities from an efficiency perspective. So similar distribution coming out of Malaysia as 
from the other two facilities. 

<Q - Nick Allen>: Great, thank you so much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Satya Kumar from Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Satya Kumar>: Yeah, hi. Question on German pricing. Given the greater-than-expected decline in the feed-in 
tariff and the shift to roof top, how should we think about pricing for new contracts if you were to enter into some in 
Germany? And I think you guys have a put option to sell your excess panels to your current customers. How that sort 
of change if the market shifts to roof top? 

<A - Michael Ahearn>: I don't imagine we're going to see an abrupt shift. I just think as the – and we don't know this 
for a fact, but as these rates come down for feed-in tariffs it's reasonable to assume that our customers in search of 
higher profit margins will naturally tend to gravitate toward the higher feed-in tariff rates. So that would be commercial 
roof top in Germany and then projects in some of the other EU markets at the higher radiance level. In the short term 
we don't see – I mean if you look at the balance of 2008 and '09, we're not seeing evidence of anything happening right 
now along those lines. But I would imagine gradually that would occur. I don't think that will impact put options or 
anything of that nature in 2008, or pricing for that matter under the long-term contracts. 


<Q - Satya Kumar>: Okay, that's helpful and quick follow-up. Jens, can you give us some color behind the increase in 
inventory and receivable days as to what's driving that? 

<A - Jens Meyerhoff>: So obviously the receivables have increased as a function of the revenue growth from Q1 and 
to Q2, so that's the primary driver there. Increase in inventories is driven, I mean we're bringing up four plants in 
sequence here, so we're building up inventory in order to support that ramp. And obviously every plant you bring up, 
right, will hold to certain amount of width, so you get a step function just out of that. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Rob Stone from Cowen & Company. 

<Q - Robert Stone>: Hi, guys. A point of clarification, Jens, on your comment about the lower cost in Malaysia, I 
think you said in the past when fully ramped it could be $0.20 cheaper than Ohio. How does Germany compare to Ohio 
at the moment? Give us a sense... 

<A - Jens Meyerhoff>: So Germany is slightly favorable to Ohio for essentially two reasons, it's the four-line versus 
three-line operations. And underlying the financing in Germany we have lower depreciation due to the government 
grants we received. 

<Q - Robert Stone>: It's less than a 20% benefit versus sort of your blended cost per watt on the prior plant? 

<A - Jens Meyerhoff>: Well, so again what I would say, I mean what we guided was a $0.20 benefit over the US 
production cost driven by labor. I think we feel comfortable at this early stage of rate to confirm that and I think as the 
plant comes to full production, I think we'll give you an update on the final number and obviously economies of scale 
wise. 

<Q - Robert Stone>: But mainly labor at this point with 16 lines running for a side-by-side there, there should be a 
significant scale benefit as well? 

<A - Jens Meyerhoff>: So there is a scale benefit, we have not articulated that scale benefit over 16 lines for the 
simple reason that this is the first 16-line operation we are bringing up, Rob. But you would assume that you get some 
efficiencies out of your fixed cost. At the same point in time, keep in mind it's essentially a four independent module, 
so it doesn't scale overall on tariff-fixed cost of plants because it's a fixed cost. 

<Q - Robert Stone>: One more quick housekeeping question, it seems like your tax rate guidance is down slightly for 
the year, any color on that and any thoughts... 

<A - Michael Ahearn>: Actually the color around that hangs together a little bit with the faster bring up of the 
Malaysian plant. Malaysia provides for accelerated depreciation in year one and we are starting to see some of those 
benefits, which essentially have significantly reduced the taxable income of 2008 which was not yet subject to a tax 
holiday. 

<Q - Robert Stone>: Great. 

<A - Michael Ahearn>: Okay. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Sanjay Shrestha from Lazard Capital Markets. 

<Q - Sanjay Shrestha>: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. First of all, congratulations here on a great execution. Quick 
question, when we think about 2009, you guys have an existing long-term contract with 6.5% annual ASP reduction, 
but you obviously have been getting such a great traction with your ramp up and there's a lot of talk about supply 
demand and balance during 2009 in the broader industry. How do you see ASP dynamics play out for you guys, given 


that you're already a cost leader in the market? Do you actually in fact have a chance to even step it up? Do you see that 
decline even being faster in '09? How should we think about that? 

<A - Michael Ahearn>: Good percentage of our plant sales in 2009 are subject to those long-term contracts, Sanjay, 
where the pricing is already locked in. 

<Q - Sanjay Shrestha>: Right. 

<A - Michael Ahearn>: So I don't think we will see – the balance of the module that aren't under long-term contract 
will either be added to existing long-term contracts put into the US in utility projects or put into Europe in some of 
those markets. So I don't see a lot of downward pressure in respect to the EEG digression rate on our pricing practices 
in 2009. I think it's going to be driven more by what we'll put in some of the new markets we're expanding into, those 
types of issues. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Sam Dubinsky from Oppenheimer. 

<Q - Sam Dubinsky>: Hey, guys, just a couple of quick housekeeping questions. Did you guys sell any wafers into the 
spot markets, any modules to the spot market this quarter? Or were all of it long-term contracts? And also just... 

<A - Jens Meyerhoff>: Essentially as you know, we're not really a participant in the spot market, so all modules were 
sold through long-term contract in Europe or as Bruce mentioned, we're starting now for this year obviously to sell into 
some of these utility project. 

<Q - Sam Dubinsky>: Okay. And on the cost per watt, did you guys disclose what the cost per watt was in the 
Malaysia products only this quarter with the start-up cost? 

<A - Jens Meyerhoff>: No, what we did mention was that the overall cost per watt was impacted unfavorably to the 
tune of $0.06 due to the start up. But we really don't break out the cost on a per plant basis. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Jesse Pichel from Piper Jaffray. Sir, your line is open. Please check your 
mute button. 

<Q>: Yes, hi. Can you give us a little more color on the gigawatt RFP in California? This is Pritesh on Jesse's behalf. 
I'm sorry. 

<A - Michael Ahearn>: Gigawatt RFP, no, I think the question was what give us a feel for the volumes of RFQs that 
you're seeing in the utility markets in the US. And I was just 

commenting that in California those RFQs tend to be put out sometime around the May, June timeframe on an annual 
basis by all of the utilities that are under RPS obligation and I didn't have the exact number, but I was estimating that 
the aggregate volumes bid in under those this year exceeded a gigawatt in the aggregate, you know... 

<Q>: Thanks for that. Also regarding the sourcing of glass in your Malaysian facility, is that on track? And are you 
seeing any difficulties sourcing the glass for the Malaysian facility? 

<A - Michael Ahearn>: No, we haven't. As Mike mentioned earlier when we look at citing a facility one of the criteria 
that we have is that we ensure that we've got the supply chain lined up and ready to go to supply the facilities, so that 
we can generate the modules and get them out to our customers and that was exactly the case with Malaysia. 

Operator 


Our next question comes from Mark Bachman from Pacific Crest. 

<Q - Mark Bachman>: Great execution, guys. Mike, can you just go back through your guidance for the second 
Malaysian factory? Specifically, do you expect any revenue units to come from Malaysia too in Q3? I know you said 
you're going to enter production, but you expect to sell anything out there? And did I hear you correctly that Malaysia 
too will be in full production at least 48 megawatts in Q4? 

<A - Michael Ahearn>: So, what we said, Mark, is that we do not expect any revenue out of Plant Two during the 
second quarter even though it's starting production due to the long term reliability tests we're conducting for the 
product, for the product call. And what we said is that essentially we would complete the ramp by the end of the year. 
So I'd really rather -- I want to you to look at Q1 of the first quarter of all run rate for KLM Two. 

<Q - Mark Bachman>: Okay. And then, Jens, question for you, superior out performance on margins but it was 
nothing like that you guided the street. In fact, if you take a look at the way that Frankfurt ramped, you took about a 
700 basis-point hit on ramping that factory, and I think a lot of people were led to believe that maybe you could do a 
little bit better than that but the margins would be significantly down, yet you outperformed here by about 120 basis 
points on the gross margin line. I know some of that is coming from revenue, but can you reconcile your results versus 
the guidance you gave us? 

<A - Jens Meyerhoff>: Yes. I mean, I think so to clarify I think on our guidance, we stated that the dollar the, absolute 
dollar impact, on Malaysia will be slightly below that of Frankfurt Oder. On a percentage basis, given the much higher 
revenue that we were running at already, given the output of both Perrysburg and Frankfurt Oder, that impact would 
have been always lower. But now the benefit that we've seen here is that the ramps, as production volumes increased 
more rapidly due to an absolute fall of execution, and that allowed us to absorb more overhead at that factory and 
essentially therefore provided you with a better gross margin. Obviously also foreign exchange growth is pretty 
significant benefit to the gross margin line, driven by better pricing. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Jon Dorsheimer from Canaccord Adams. 

<Q - Jonathan Dorsheimer>: Hi, thanks, and great quarter. First question is, we look at the utility market, Mike, I was 
wondering if you could -- if we look at the correlation between peak radiance and peak load, it is a very high 
correlation. And I'm curious as you are starting to do these pilot projects with the utilities, what the trigger point is in 
terms of the cost per kilowatt hour that utilities are trying to achieve adding solar to their portfolio? 

<A - Michael Ahearn>: I think it's in flux and it's a moving target. But if we just talk about California for a second, the 
California program has a market price referent, which is a benchmark that is calculated by the California Public Utility 
Commission. And it's calculated with reference to the marginal cost of gas generation, on the theory that solar is 
primarily displacing peak, which is primarily gas generated. And so there's a calculation that's made periodically on this 
market price referent based on gas generated costs. And then there are time of use factors applied to that to estimate the 
marginal cost replacing various pieces of the load, so peak, shoulder peak, off peak, so forth. 

In -- late last year that MPR stood at a slightly under $0.12 a kilowatt hour. It's undergoing revision now and we think 
that electricity prices, conventional prices including gas, are moving up and those higher costs, driven by commodity 
cost and fuel cost, inflation, those higher costs aren't yet reflected fully in electricity rates or in this market price 
referent. So that's why I say I think it's in flux right now. As we bid on these things I think we're in an environment 
where we're essentially competing against what other technologies, and companies are bidding, including concentrated 
solar thermal and in most of those cases nothing's actually been delivered. This is all on a forward basis. So we're 
seeing bids in the 12 to $0.15 kilowatt-hour range. And so I think you need to be in that range to do high-volume utility 
projects in California. But I guess I would add that this is very market and location specific and I think it's moving, and 
we're really trying to figure it out ourselves. But our going assumption for purposes of these projects I think has been 
that 12 to $0.15. 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Pearce Hammond from Simmons & Co. 

<Q - Pearce Hammond>: Yes, thank you for taking my call. Just a quick question, what market opportunities do you 
see in Japan for First Solar? 

<A - Michael Ahearn>: I don't know. We haven't engaged deeply in Japan. I think at a macro level, I mean Japan has 
high electricity costs, fairly good at radiance and you might rank it in the top tier of sort of crossover markets where 
non-subsidized solar electricity could be economically sensible, sooner than other areas. But there is of course a lot of 
other issues in Japan relating to real market penetration. So we have not looked at that deeply in the last year and a half 
and we spent a little bit of time prior to that and I think it's an interesting opportunity we can look at in the future. 

<Q - Pearce Hammond>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Al Kaschalk from Wedbush Morgan. 

<Q - Al Kaschalk>: Good afternoon, guys, or evening, strong execution again. Just trying to -- on some of the -- most 
of my questions have been answered but to follow-up on the strong execution in the revenue guidance. You're now up a 
couple 100 million from your initial guidance for '08 which is fantastic, but I was wondering if you could comment on 
where that demand is coming from more so than just the US and Germany and in particular customers or, I know it will 
be utilities, but any additional color around that? 

<A - Jens Meyerhoff>: Well, I would say generally these volumes are through our key partners under these long-term 
contracts throughout 2008 and as they have in the past and as you know, these key customers are active. We still have a 
very high concentration of revenues in Germany as Mike mentioned in his remarks. We start to see the broadening out 
with growth coming out of Italy in addition to that. So that's essentially at this point in time -- France obviously has got 
strong relationships, drivers with respect to both the EDF EN, especially EN. So essentially we're leveraging that very 
strong customer base to penetrate, and that's where we still see the strong demand. Obviously that strong demand is 
aided by pricing rise that's very competitively and significantly below market price. 

<A - Larry Polizzotto>: Well, Lena, we have time for one more question. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Daniel Ries from Collins Stewart. 

<Q - Dan Ries>: Hi. I'm glad I got in under the wire. When you mention the US projects you mentioned rate base to 
regulated utilities. Can you say what portion of the market you think that will prove to be in the long run? And you 
mentioned that the reference price is often based on gas generation. Do you have any estimate for the peak or capacity 
currently in California? 

<A - Michael Ahearn>: Okay. Well on the first question, I think it's hard to know how much of the solar market would 
eventually be owned by utilities in rate base. I think it depends first on a change to the federal investment tax credit that 
will permit regulated utilities to take the investment tax credit. Currently they're not permitted to do that. In the 
proposed legislation, they would be. There's been a change made with respect to the production tax credit that would 
allow utilities to take that. So we assume that will happen one way or the other. That will clear one road block. But then 
I think the next issue would be whether regulators will permit utilities to put these assets in rate base or ask that they 
procure the power instead. And there are a number of issues that have to be worked through there and I think that's 
going to vary state by state. 


And then the third consideration would be, what's the utility or the diversified energy company's model for making 
money. They might prefer to do this through rate basing assets. They could take a different tack and use on an 
unregulated affiliate to be in a development business and essentially own and operate and make money on the return on 
project equity or some combination. So I think we're just in such an early stage right now that we're going to have to 
wait and see how the tax code gets clarified and how regulators begin to look at this and then how utilities view their 
business models around solar. And so that I think is why it's very important to be flexible. If we had a business model 
that required a PPA structure or pretended to create a lot of value around financial engineering, I think that would be a 
fairly high-risk proposition when it comes to the utility business. 

<Q - Dan Ries>: And that relates to my other follow-up, is this -- is the rate base -- is putting the asset into the rate 
base, is that common in Southern Europe where you have relationships with Enel or EDF? 

<A - Michael Ahearn>: No, not at all. In all the markets we're operating in in Europe, they're using a feed-in tariff 
structure. So there's a surcharge on a rate payer's bill, that money is essentially put into a pool and the pooled money is 
used to reimburse the utilities for purchasing the power directly from private generators at a premium price relative to 
there wholesale generation cost. So it's really the utilities in Europe, the regulated entities are sort of administering 
these feed-in tariff programs, but they're not making any money on it at all. If they want to make money than what 
they'll do is they'll form a subsidiary. So with Enel it's the Enel subsidiary and in EDF's case, its EDF EN, which stands 
for Energies Nouvelles. That's their renewable subsidiary. They own a piece of that, not a controlling piece. So that's 
pretty much the market to date in Europe. It's not rate based at all and nor has wind in the US or elsewhere been rate 
based. So I think this should be a relatively new approach. 

Michael J. Ahearn, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman 

Okay. Thank you for joining us today. Operator, do you want to complete the call? 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the conference and you 
may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2008, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


