Q3 2008 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Larry Polizzotto, Vice President, Investor Relations 
• Michael J. Ahearn, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
• Jens Meyerhoff, Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Mark Heller 
• Vishal Shah 
• Robert Stone 
• Stephen O'Rourke 
• Bruce Sohn 
• Tim Arcuri 
• Nick Allen 
• Satya Kumar 
• Kelly Dougherty 
• Jesse Pichel 
• Michael Molnar 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day everyone and welcome to the First Solar Third Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being 
webcast live on the Investor Relations section of First Solar's website at www.firstsolar.com. At this time all 
participants are in listen-only mode. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. 

I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Larry Polizzotto, Vice President, Investor Relations, for First Solar 
Incorporated. Mr. Polizzotto, you may begin. 

Larry Polizzotto, Vice President, Investor Relations 

[audio gap] the company issued a press release announcing its fiscal third quarter 2008 fiscal financial results. If you 
did not receive a copy of this press release, you can obtain one from the Investors section of First Solar's website at 
www.firstsolar.com. In addition, we are posting to the IR website for the first time key quarter statistics and historical 
data and financial and operating performance. This will allow us to discuss in more detail some of the analytics in this 
call. 

An audio replay of the conference call will also be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of the call. 
The audio replay will remain available until Friday, October 31, 2008, at 8:59 PM Mountain Standard Time, or 11:59 
PM Eastern Daylight Time, and can be accessed by dialing 888-266-2081 if you are calling from the United States, or 
703-925-2533 if you are calling from outside of the United States and entering ID access number 1288925. A replay of 
the webcast will be available for 90 calendar days approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. If you are a 
shareholder of – a subscriber to FactSet, you can obtain a written transcript within two hours. 


With me today are Mike Ahearn, Chief Executive Officer; Jens Meyerhoff, Chief Financial Officer; Bruce Sohn, 
President of First Solar. Today, Mike will begin with an overview of the company's third quarter achievements, then 
provide a market update and an assessment of the economy and current credit crisis impact on our business. Jens will 
provide you with the third quarter 2008 financial results, updated guidance for 2008, and provide guidance for 2009. 
We will then open up the call for questions. 

I want to remind you that all financial numbers reported and discussed in today's call will be based on Generally 
Accepted Accounting Principles. The company has allocated approximately one hour for today's call. During the Q&A 
period, as a courtesy to those individuals seeking to ask questions, we ask that all participants limit themselves to one 
question and one follow-up question. 

Now, I'd like to make a brief statement regarding forward-looking remarks that you may hear on today's call. During 
the course of the call, the company will make projections and other comments that are forward-looking statements 
within the meaning of the Federal securities laws. The forward-looking statements in this call are based on current 
information and expectations, and are subject to uncertainties and changes in circumstances and do not constitute 
guarantees of future performance. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ 
materially from those statements, including the risks as described in the company's recent report on Form 10-K and 
other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. First Solar assumes no obligation to update any 
forward-looking information contained in this call or with respect to the announcements described herein. 

Before I turn the call over to Mike Ahearn, I'd like to mention that we have decided to limit our participation at 
conferences during the fourth quarter and postpone our Analyst Day to a future date to remain highly focused on our 
business. 

It's now my pleasure to introduce Mike Ahearn, CEO of First Solar. Mike? 

Michael J. Ahearn, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

Thank you, Larry, and thank you for participating in our third quarter of 2008 earnings call. We continued to perform at 
high levels throughout the third quarter. Third quarter production was 137 megawatts, up 20% quarter-over-quarter and 
97% year-over-year. This represents an annualized capacity of 49.3 megawatts per line. 

Net sales for the third quarter were $348.7 million, up 30.6% quarter-over-quarter, resulting in net income of $99.3 
million or $1.20 per diluted share. Cost per watt in the third quarter was $1.08, including $0.04 of KLM ramp costs, 
representing a 9% decline quarter-over-quarter. We continue to solidify our position as the lowest cost manufacturer in 
the industry. 

The startup of our Malaysia manufacturing center continued to progress on plan. Plant One is operating at steady state 
and performing well. Plant Two product qualification tests were completed successfully and product shipments have 
commenced, and we expect to reach full capacity for Plant Two by the end of this year, ahead of our original schedule. 

We generated $41.6 million of free cash flow in the third quarter, while continuing to fund high levels of growth. Our 
cash and investments grew to $729 million. And today, we announced a total of 625 megawatts of contract volumes, 
including contracts with European customers totaling 525 megawatts, and contracts with a US customer totaling 100 
megawatts. This represents a total of $1 billion of revenue at an assumed exchange rate of $1.15 per euro. 

We've been diligently assessing how the negative economic events unfolding worldwide could impact our markets and 
our business going forward. I'd like to share our findings to-date with the understanding that this is an interim report 
and our findings and conclusions could change as the dynamic financial and economic conditions continue to evolve, 
and their impact on the solar industry becomes clearer. 

Let me start with the status of the subsidy programs that drive the vast majority of the industry demand. During the past 
three weeks, we have met or spoken with officials at each of the major feed-in tariff programs in Europe including 
Germany, Italy, France, Spain, The Czech Republic and Greece. In addition, we've talked to officials in the other 


markets served by our European customers including South Korea, Ontario, Canada, California and New Jersey 
regarding their programs. 

Although subsidy programs are political in nature and therefore inherently unpredictable, discussions with these 
political and regulatory authorities have confirmed that there are no plans to cut programs in any of these markets and 
that material near-term subsidy reductions across these markets are unlikely. There are several reasons for this. First, 
any significant reduction in these programs could result in job loss and reduced economic activity at a time when local 
economies cannot afford it, and in fact seek stimulus. Second, the cost of the solar programs is generally modest in 
relation to other programs and largely factored into existing electricity rates. And third, those countries that felt the 
need to moderate growth, mainly Germany and Spain, have already modified their programs, while the remaining 
countries are still in the ramp stage. 

We believe these subsidized markets offer opportunities for further growth and we plan to continue diversifying into 
them from our strong market base in Germany. At the same time, we continue to drive to open new markets that do not 
depend on traditional PV subsidies and can offer significant long-term growth, such as the California RPS market for 
utility scale generation. 

We've also reviewed the adequacy of capital availability in Germany to finance solar PV projects that use our modules 
in light of the current credit market conditions. Approximately 70% of our 2008 module volumes will be deployed in 
Germany and we estimate that at least 60% of our 2009 module volumes will be deployed in Germany. We have 
several – should say seven customers based in Germany. 

Over the past three weeks we've met with the German Ministry of the Environment, KfW, which is the German 
reconstruction bank, and a number of German banks that we believe represent the leading lenders to solar projects in 
Germany. We have also spoken to a variety of European banks that have been active in financing solar projects across 
the rest of Europe. 

In Germany, solar project loans typically have been made on terms that include interest rates of approximately 5%, 
leverage ratios of 70 to 80% and loan maturities of 12 years or more. These favorable loan terms have been facilitated 
by an indirect subsidy provided by KfW. Under this program, KfW provides funding for solar project loans that are 
originated by banks to finance projects owned by German equity investors, and the KfW program applies to projects 
located throughout the EU, not just in Germany. 

Effective January 1, 2009 in a modification unrelated to the current economic issues, KfW intends to consolidate and 
simplify its programs and will provide for project financing up to €10 million per project, which is generally sufficient 
to fund projects up to 4 megawatts approximately in size. Prior to this modification, the KfW programs had a combined 
€10 million per project limitation, but also had an exception process to enable approval from larger fundings. And it's 
our understanding that this exception process will be removed as of January 1, 2009. 

Based on our customers' 2009 projected market and application mix, we estimate that approximately 85% of our 
Germany volumes in 2009 will continue to be fully eligible under the revised KfW program, and the remainder will 
need to be financed outside of the KfW program. 

So, turning to the credit market outside of KfW, although German bank lending has slowed, some regional and national 
banks continue to lend to established developers and integrators. Among active lenders, we believe interest rates are 
currently ranging from 7 to 8% with most projects requiring syndication. We are also seeing evidence that state 
government-backed financial institutions are becoming involved in providing Solar project loans and that small local 
banks not negatively impacted by the credit crisis are making relationship-based loans for local projects in some areas. 

In total, the credit situation in Germany, aided by the liquidity provided by the KfW program, appears adequate as of 
today to support our planned 2009 sales into the German market, even though constraints and inefficiencies could cause 
some of our customers operating outside the KfW program to experience near-term delays. 

The availability of project equity in Germany is more difficult to assess. Historically, the equity market has been a 
fragmented market dominated by individual and high net worth investors and small pools of fund investors, with 


institutional investors providing financing to some of the larger projects. Fully levered pre-tax returns in Germany have 
traditionally ranged from 6.5 to 8%. 

In attempting to assess where equity returns may move in 2009, we've found the information to be highly anecdotal and 
uncertain. As a base case, we're assuming that any increase in equity returns would not impair the sale of our modules 
at current price levels. And we base this in part on the resiliency built into our module prices today and also on our 
expectation from moderate equity return adjustments based on the low risk nature of solar project revenues and cash 
flows based on the cash flows resulting from highly predictable long-term solar generation and national laws that 
assure sale of 100% of the solar generation at attractive prices over an extended period of time. 

However, because of the uncertainty over how the capital costs and availability will evolve in 2009, we also believe it's 
sensible to model a contingency scenario in which First Solar provides financial support to enable higher project 
returns if needed to support the market. The effects of our contingency plans are incorporated into our guidance that 
Jens will be sharing with you in a few minutes. 

We've also reviewed the adequacy of project financing in the rest of Europe. Approximately 25% of our 2008 project 
volumes will be deployed in European markets outside of Germany in 2008, and we estimate that up to 40% of our 
2009 project volumes may be deployed in these markets. We have nine customers based outside of Germany serving 
the European markets. 

Most of our volumes sold into Germany are deployed by customers who typically develop projects and sell them to 
third-party investors. Like contracts, most of our volumes sold in the non-German European markets are deployed by 
customers who act as independent power producers. Under their business models, independent power producers 
generally own and operate solar generation projects for the long term and finance them with a combination of debt and 
their own equity. 

Our review indicates that solar project lending outside of Germany has essentially stopped for the time being. However, 
we believe most of our IPP customers have adequate funding to bridge lending delays into 2009, and we assume that 
neither these delays nor higher debt costs will impair project economics for our customers at First Solar's current 
module prices. We base this assumption in part on the resiliency provided by First Solar's module pricing, the current 
contracts, and also on the relatively high equity returns that can be achieved in European markets outside of Germany 
due to favorable combinations of irradiance and feed-in tariff rates. 

As part of our review, we also assess the financial and execution capabilities of our customers. It's been our practice to 
partner with customers based on their abilities to develop and execute upon multiyear pipelines of business in 
diversified geographic markets. We work closely with our customers and allocate additional module volumes to them 
over time based on the visibility of their pipelines, our understanding of their execution capabilities and other strategic 
considerations. Although no business is immune from pressure under the current financial conditions, and we do 
observe some variability in the financial health of some of our customers, we believe our customer base on the whole is 
sound and able to execute the planned volumes in 2009. To-date – and we've identified potential financial risks in our 
customer base that represent approximately 15 to 20% of our planned sales into Europe in 2009, and we've identified 
the demand to reallocate such volumes if the need arises. 

We have also considered the potential effects of module oversupply on our business in Europe, and specifically the 
possibility that some analysts have recently suggested that marginal oversupplies may force unplanned reductions in 
the prices charged by First Solar. To put this issue in perspective, First Solar's long-term contract price in 2009 is €1.54 
per watt, which is substantially below the current market level of crystal and silicon module prices and likely below 
most suppliers' estimated cash cost. We do not envision a realistic scenario in which crystal and silicon modules would 
be able to achieve cost levels that enable competitive pricing with First Solar's existing contract prices, and we 
therefore assume that any price competition is unlikely to have a sustained impact on First Solar. 

In fact, strong customer demand continues for our modules at current price levels, as evidenced by the agreements we 
announced today with European customers. And I'll just summarize this briefly, we amended our existing framework 
agreement with Ecostream to add 370 megawatts under pricing and terms consistent with our existing framework 


agreement. Ecostream is a subsidiary of Econcern, a Netherlands based company that provides sustainable energy and 
energy conservation products and services. Ecostream operates in multiple solar markets and has captive sources of 
equity finance as well as significant debt financing capability. 

We amended our existing framework agreement with EDF EN to add 75 megawatts under pricing in terms consistent 
with our existing framework agreement. EDF EN is a publicly traded affiliate of CF, one of the largest utilities in 
Europe. 

We entered into a 25 megawatt agreement with Sorgenia, the fourth largest utility in Italy to deploy ground-mounted 
systems. The Sorgenia agreement adds to our existing agreement with NL, to form a strong utility customer base to 
support future growth in utility scale projects in Italy. 

We entered into a 40 megawatt agreement with UB to support planned project development with a specific financial 
sponsor. And finally we expanded our contract with Phoenix Solar by 15 megawatts to serve specific identified 
opportunities in Italy in 2009. 

Turning to the US, the recent extension of the 30% ITC through 2016 removes the major market uncertainty, and 
combined with a number of state RPS programs, positions the US utility segment for strong long-term growth 
prospects. In the short-term, our review indicates that the traditional investors in tax equity, financial intuitions have 
largely stopped participating. We assume some of these investors will return to the market in 2009, but the timing and 
future cost of this funding is difficult to predict. The possibility of more expensive tax equity and its impact on solar 
electricity prices, for both new and pending projects, remains a major uncertainty going into 2009. 

The recent ITC extension broadened the potential investor base for US solar projects in two ways; first, the ITC has 
been extended to regulated utilities; second, the alternative minimum tax treatment has been eliminated, making the 
ITC available to corporate investors. We believe opportunities exist to tap both of these new resources in order to make 
solar project equity more robust and less costly in the US over time. 

And entering into the US utility market, First Solar has taken a diversified approach that includes working directly with 
utilities and utility affiliates as well as pursuing PPA structures with financial investors. We are continuing to make 
good progress in entering the US utility markets. We have executed a framework agreement with Edison Mission 
Energy, a non-regulated developer subsidiary of Edison International. The framework agreement creates a strategic 
relationship between First Solar and Mission under which Mission and First Solar will work together to develop large 
solar utility projects within the United States for identified customers. 

Under the agreement, First Solar will provide design – I should say will agree to provide design engineering, 
procurement and construction services for such projects, subject to the satisfaction of certain contingencies and entering 
into definitive agreements for these services for each project. By combining Mission's extensive track record of power 
project development with First Solar's low cost systems and construction capability, we believe we've created a 
powerful engine for future growth in the US utility segment. 

The 2.4 megawatt DC roof-top project we previously announced in Southern California Edison has been completed. 
We are on-plan to completing the 12 megawatt DC project that we are currently constructing for Sempra by end of 
year, providing important validation of our EPC capability. We also remain involved in a number of discussions to 
expand our relationships to serve the utility market. 

In addition to expanding our presence in the utility market, we also announced an important expansion of our business 
model, our entry into the US residential market through a strategic alliance with SolarCity. First Solar and SolarCity 
have entered into a five year 100 megawatt module purchase and supply agreement, and in addition First Solar has 
invested $25 million in SolarCity in exchange for a minority equity interest in order to help fund SolarCity's expansion 
into new geographic territories and market segments. 

SolarCity is a market leader in the residential system integration business in the US. It operates in California, Arizona 
and Oregon, and has plans to expand to additional geographic markets in 2009. The company operates a business 
model that drives continuous cost reduction and strong economies of scale. SolarCity and First Solar share a common 


goal of making solar electricity an affordable option for homeowners and businesses. 

So to sum up, our market view for 2009, we expect that approximately 85% of our contract volume in Germany can be 
fully financed through KfW under attractive loan terms. We assume solar projects will remain an attractive equity 
investment in Europe due to predictable low risk revenue and cash flow streams. To hedge the risk of higher than 
expected equity return requirements, we're developing plans to provide financial support to enable the market if 
necessary, and then including the impacts of these plans in our 2009 guidance, we believe most of our European 
customers outside of Germany have sufficient balance sheet strength to bridge any near-term project delays and to 
comply with their obligations under our take-or-pay contracts. We assume they will continue earn attractive returns on 
solar projects even if debt costs increase. We have identified potential financial concerns within our customer base that 
impact 15 to 20% of 2009 volumes, and we've identified demand that could provide a reallocation of these modules to 
other customers if the need arises. 

As the industry cost leader, we are already priced well below completing products and continue to experience demand 
for our modules at current price levels. We view the US utility market as an attractive market over the next several 
years and we are establishing the foundation for this next phase of growth. 

And finally, we are expanding into distributor generation markets in the US and have formed a key alliance with 
SolarCity to begin implementing our strategy. In times as uncertain as these, our assessment of the risks and 
opportunities and our strategies and plans could change quickly and dramatically. Our business philosophies however 
will remain constant, and are worth repeating briefly. 

First, we favor long-term visible pipelines of demand backed by take-or-pay contracts, framework agreements or other 
structures that establish long-term business relationships. We have been willing to trade-off short-term opportunistic 
profits for the visibility and market positioning provided by our long-term approach. 

Second, we match production capacity to bottoms up visibility into demand for our modules. Our strategy has always 
been to expand production incrementally to match attractive market demand. By matching capacity to demand, rather 
than building production capacity on speculation, we've avoided taking excessive risk with expansion capital or 
knowingly putting ourselves in a position that requires us to deviate from our preferred markets and customers simply 
to fill in a new factory of orders 

Third, we manage our finances prudently. With a rapidly growing technology oriented business, it is not always easy to 
balance the demands for growth and development within the financial discipline and soundness. At First Solar striking 
this balance has always been part of our culture. We achieved profitability in 2006 at an annual production rate of 75 
megawatts, one of the lowest breakeven points in the history of the industry. We've consistently avoided taking on 
excessive leverage, and we've maximized our networking capital position with rapid payment terms under long-term 
agreements. We have focused on achieving positive free cash flow as soon as prudently possible. 

And finally, we are grounded in reality and we take a pragmatic approach to risk. We do not knowingly ignore 
uncertain events that could meaningfully impact our business, but rather attempt to identify them, convert them to 
opportunities where possible, and mitigate them where appropriate. We've always tried to be transparent with our key 
stakeholders with regard to our views and approach to the business and its risks. 

So with that I would now like to turn the discussion over to Jens Meyerhoff who will discuss our third quarter 2008 
financial results, update the financial guidance for 2008 and provide First Solar's 2009 financial guidance. 

Jens Meyerhoff, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Mike, and good afternoon. Net sales for the third quarter of 2008 were 348.7 million, an increase of 30.6% 
over the second quarter of 2008. The increase was primarily driven by continued strong demand supported by the ramp 
of Plant One in Malaysia, and higher line throughput slightly offset by currency fluctuation as the euro declined 
sequentially from $1.56 in Q2 to a $1.51 in Q3. 


Manufacturing cost per watt for the third quarter was $1.08, down 9% quarter-over-quarter and included $0.04 of 
Malaysia ramp cost and $0.03 of stock-based compensation expenses. Excluding these expenses, core manufacturing 
cost per watt are now at $1.01 and I expect it to continue decline with the ramp of our plants in Malaysia, Cost per watt 
also benefited by $0.02 from the declining Euro. 

Gross margin for the third quarter was 56.1%, and benefited from the significantly lower production costs offsetting the 
unfavorable impact of the Euro decline and the ramp penalty from our plant in Malaysia. Gross margin is expected to 
decline sequentially due to the further decline in the Euro exchange rate and continued ramp penalties from bringing up 
production capacity in Malaysia in the fourth quarter. 

Operating expense growth slowed in the third quarter, a trend we expect to continue through the remainder of 2008 and 
into '09, as we are reaching infrastructure scale in most areas. Operating expenses excluding plant start-up costs were 
16.9% of net sales in the third quarter. Plant start-up cost increased by $1.7 million, sequentially, to $6.3 million in the 
third quarter, as Plant Two in Malaysia commenced production and we continue to incur start-up expenses for Plant 
three and Four. 

Operating income for the third quarter was $130.2 million or 37.3% of net sales and included 17.3 million of 
stock-based compensation expenses. The third quarter continued the strong underlying operating leverage in our 
business model with variable margins remaining about 70% and an incremental operating margin of over 50%. 

Net income for the third quarter of 2008 was $99.3 million, or $1.20 per share on a fully diluted basis, and included 
$5.3 million of interest income at a tax rate of 25.4%. Cash and all other marketable securities increased by 68.2 
million to 729.4 million in the third quarter. We generated 41.6 million of free cash flow and expect to be free cash 
flow positive in 2009. 

Cash flow from operations during the third quarter of 2008 was 137.3 million and was impacted unfavorably by an 
increase in working capital of $30.8 million driven by both revenue growth and the actual impending start-ups of our 
various plants in Malaysia. We spent $95.7 million on capital expenditures during the third quarter against the 
depreciation of 16.9 million. 

Before I get to the specific guidance for the fourth quarter of 2008 and the year of 2009, I would like to explain the 
underlying assumptions and potential risks we are trying to address with this guidance. Starting with foreign exchange 
rates; for the fourth quarter 62% of our expected net sales are hedged and an exchange rate of $1.46 per Euro. In 
addition, our natural hedge brings the net income hedge ratio to 77% for the fourth quarter. We assume an average 
exchange rate of $1.20 to the Euro for the unhedged portion of our Q4 guidance. 

For 2009, 26% of our expected net sales are hedged at an average rate of $1.42 per Euro. In addition, our national 
hedge brings the net income hedge ratio to 33% for 2009. Since we layer our hedges, net income for the first and 
second quarter of 2009 are hedged at 52% compared to the second half of 2009 at 12%. We assume an average 
exchange rate of $1.15 per Euro for the un-hedged portion of our 2009 guidance, bringing the overall assumed average 
Euro exchange rate to $1.22 per Euro for 2009. For 2009, a $0.01 fluctuation in the Euro impacts our revenues by 
approximately $11 million, and our operating income by approximately $10 million. 

Risk number 2 addressed in our guidance is the cost of capital to finance project. While our near term liquidity 
shortages could impact certain markets, our guidance assumes the general availability of capital for reasons outlined by 
Mike earlier, but we expect the cost of such capital to be as much as 200 basic (sic) [basis] points above 2008 levels. 
We had evaluated project economies in different market segments based on these assumptions and we are prudent to 
have incorporated contingencies. However, we do not expect these contingencies to reduce the economics of our 
long-term contracts, but these contingencies could have an impact on our financial statements due to certain accounting 
requirements. With that, let me go to our guidance for 2008. 

2008 net sales are expected to range from 1.220 billion to 1.240 billion, subject to customer mix, foreign exchange 
fluctuations and the ramp of our second plant in Malaysia. We expect annual plant startup cost of approximately 34 
million unchanged from our prior guidance. Stock based compensation is estimated at 61 to $62 million for 2008 with 
approximately 20% allocated to cost of goods sold, consistent with our prior guidance. 


GAAP operating margin for 2008 is expected between 34 and 35%, subject to the net sales and foreign exchange rate 
assumptions. Our tax rate for 2008 is expected not to exceed 26%, down from the 28% on our prior guidance. Year-end 
2008 fully diluted share count guidance remains unchanged at an estimated 83 to 84 million shares. 

Capital expenditures for the year remain essentially unchanged at approximately $540 million. This concludes the 
guidance for 2008 and let me with that address our guidance for the fiscal year 2009. 

We expect net sales of 2.0 to 2.1 billion for 2009, subject to customer mix, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, credit 
market conditions and the ramp of Plant Three and Four in Malaysia. We expect plants startup costs of 13 to $18 
million, and stock-based compensation at a range of 80 to $85 million with approximately 20% allocated to cost of 
goods sold. 

Our expected GAAP operating margin for 2009 is between 34 – 33 and 34% subject to net sales. Our tax rate for 2009 
is expected not to exceed 11%, as we benefit from our long-term Malaysian tax holiday. Year end 2009 fully diluted 
share account guidance is an estimated 84 million shares. 

CapEx for the year is expected to be approximately 325 million for the investment and the completion of our Plant 
Three and Four in Malaysia and our Perrysburg expansion and various infrastructure needs. 

This concludes our prepared remarks, and we open the call now for questions. Operator? 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes to us from Mark Heller of Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Mark Heller>: Thanks. Jens, I was wondering if you could update us on the company's current – total current 
backlog, both in megawatts and sales at this point. 

<A - Jens Meyerhoff>: For 2008 or for 2009? 

<Q - Mark Heller>: Going forward in total. 

<A - Jens Meyerhoff>: I think in total, I think the total backlog for the company right now on the long-term contract is 
at approximately $6.3 billion. 

<Q - Mark Heller>: And that assumes what exchange? 

<A - Jens Meyerhoff>: That assumes an exchange rate of $1.15 consistent with the guidance we gave. 

<Q - Mark Heller>: Your outlook for the utility market in the US, do you think it's an '09 opportunity for you guys or 
is it more looking at 2010 and beyond? 

<A - Michael Ahearn>: It's always been planned 2010 and beyond just because of the timelines involved in getting 
through permitting and approval processes, the RFP processes and so forth. So, there are small volumes planned as we 
continue to do these pilot projects and do the formative work, but we are thinking second half of 2010 is when larger 
volumes would start. 

<Q - Mark Heller>: And just a sort of a housekeeping question; it seems like production was 136.5 megawatts, but 
how much were sales in megawatts? 

<A - Jens Meyerhoff>: So I think you get all the statistics I think on our website there, Mark. With respect to ASPs 
and production volumes sold, we will not guide to that or share that information going forward as it ties into pricing, 
and pricing is becoming a much more competitive discussion going forward and we are probably going to like to keep 
that to ourselves. 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Vishal Shah from Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Vishal Shah>: Thanks for taking my question. Jens, I wanted to just ask you about your guidance for 2009, your 
operating margins. It looks like given your cost structure is going to improve significantly as you ramp Malaysia, and 
you've – as you've demonstrated that. But it looks like your operating margin guidance is flat to maybe slightly down 
for next year. Can you maybe help us understand some of the moving parts there? 

<A - Jens Meyerhoff>: Yes, I mean I would say generally, right, a big driver of that is obviously the decline in the 
Euro that we factored into the 2009 guidance. By applying a $1.15 exchange rate for the un-hedged portion, that 
obviously puts a sequential decline into both, the revenues on a one for one basis but then also gross margin and 
operating margin. I think – I would like to remind people that on many calls prior to this one, we've always highlighted 
the benefits that the Euro provided at exchange rates of $1.50 to $1.60. So here we've taken a conservative stand. We 
are not experts on predicting foreign exchange rates, I don't know who is, but that's essentially the underlying 
assumption there. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Rob Stone of Cowen and Company. 

<Q - Robert Stone>: Hi, guys. Jens, the 2009 tax rate is a lot lower than we were assuming, I think the Street was too. 
Can you comment on what the sustainable tax rate might be – so out in 2010 and in the next couple of years? 

<A - Jens Meyerhoff>: So, the tax rate is – so if you look at the 2000 (sic) [2009] tax rate it essentially takes into 
account the full benefit of the tax holiday, and obviously with having all capacity up and running in Malaysia, right, 
that on a pro rata basis becomes very meaningful. So now, as we move into these outer years Rob, you could assume 
that if we never were to repatriate any cash, which in the near-term we don't believe will be the fact, that we would 
remain in these low-teens. However, if we were to decide to repatriate cash back into the United States, and then such 
repatriation would be taxed at a US tax rate, driving the effective rate up. We would obviously advise you of such plans 
on a going-forward basis. 

<Q - Robert Stone>: So for the next couple of years it probably stays in the low-teens? 

<A - Jens Meyerhoff>: Yeah, we assess the need with respect to the global liquidity requirement, and where the cash 
is needed on an ongoing basis. I think through '09 right now that assessment has resulted in an answer where we do not 
believe that repatriation is required. 

<Q - Robert Stone>: One question if I may. I am a little bit puzzled by the contrast between your comments about 
contract extensions where you say that they've essentially been extended under the same terms that we were all aware 
of before, and yet you have elected not to provide details regarding ASP in the future. So since your annual 6.5% 
decline in Euro pricing was already well known, unless you are changing that, which it didn't sound like you were 
intending to say, why are you no longer going to disclose? 

<A - Jens Meyerhoff>: Well I would say, I think pricing I mean I believe we are probably one of the very few 
companies across various industries that have been giving this type of level of detail. And generally, I would say that 
that disclosure has not served us too well in negotiations as we move into new markets and open up new customers, and 
therefore we want to be slightly more guarded. I – you shouldn't imply anything around the long-term contract out of 
that change. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes to us from Steve O' Rourke of Deutsche Bank. [Deutsche Bank Securities] 


<Q - Stephen O'Rourke>: Thank you. Good afternoon. Jens, you gave a capital spending number in '09 that would 
include the build-out of Malaysia Three and Four and the Perrysburg facility. In this environment, how are you thinking 
about further expansion? And for a decision that you make in '09, what would be the lead time from that decision to 
bringing a factory into production? 

<A - Jens Meyerhoff>: So since I have Bruce here with me, I will probably tackle the first part of your question and 
then let Bruce talk to the timing. So, I would say, I mean generally we obviously, as we mentioned before, we, on a 
consistent basis, try to map demand and supply and that has resulted historically in decisions to build more capacity 
out, primarily against long-term commitments coming from our customers as Mike mentions. I don't think we have 
changed; our profile has not changed, that is an ongoing process. So now, I would say given where we are standing 
today, this may not be today the right time to build out massive capacity, even though I think we always maintain a 
stage of readiness and optionality to do so. But I think the next few weeks by themselves will give us more clarity 
around the situation in the market, and especially the liquidity situation around the credit market, and from thereon I 
think we can resume the process on the lead times, a thing that Bruce will explain to you. 

<A - Bruce Sohn>: Yeah, typical lead times Rob (sic) [Stephen] would be that – about five to six quarters between the 
time that we actually break ground and the time that we begin shipping, in this environment probably limited 
predominantly by our ability to actually construct and depending on the exact location where we chose to site the 
facility. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Timothy Arcuri of Citigroup. [Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.] 

<Q - Tim Arcuri>: Hi. Two things. I guess, first of all, has your concept of grid parity and really how you price, has it 
changed, given that we've seen natural gas prices get cut in half during the last few months. Does that make you – when 
you are signing these contracts, does that make you have to get any more aggressive with your ASP profiles into the out 
years? And then I had a follow-up question. Thanks. 

<A - Michael Ahearn>: No, it doesn't have any impact on these kinds of price discussions at all Tim. In Europe – in 
the European markets, the discussion – the market demand is really driven by the feed-in tariff rates, which are fixed by 
law and don't respond or modify in relation to changes in gas prices or anything else. And so, our customers – that 
whole channel for that matter, is really gauging economics of the feed-in tariffs and the planned digression rates in the 
tariffs. So some variables there, I think would have more to do with cost to capital. In the US, I don't think it really has 
worked that way, either – I mean the RPS programs are in place, the targets are there, the pipelines and the whole 
process of securing business works on a long-term basis. In California, they set a market price reference periodically 
that will update for changes in forward gas prices. But it's not a – it isn't a very immediate reactive market in that 
fashion. So we don't see that – have not seen that as an issue. 

<A - Jens Meyerhoff>: And for the same time we really didn't see a benefit out of the rise, or a temporary rise to $13 
gas prices either. 

<A - Michael Ahearn>: Yeah, it's true. 

<Q - Tim Arcuri>: Of course, right, okay. And then Jens, just last thing for you, so it looks like the CapEx next year is 
a lot less than I actually thought it would be. I guess that seems to imply that there is not going to be any spending on 
anything beyond Malaysia next year. So if that's the case, then what's the earliest that we could expect to have 
production out of the next fab? It would seem that even the first half of 2010, if you are not spending anything in 2009, 
you probably wouldn't even get any production out of a new fab in the first half of 2010? 

<A - Jens Meyerhoff>: Yeah, I wouldn't imply – I mean what we're implying right now in the CapEx guidance is to 
cover both the Perrysburg expansion and completion of Malaysia. If it – I would not imply out of this guidance that we 
have decided not to build another plant in 2009, we just haven't announced one. And at the time when we believe is the 
right time to announce it, we would obviously update that guidance. The comment around being free cash flow positive 


in 2009, will tolerate a significantly higher CapEx number than the one underlying our '09 guidance. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is from Nick Allen of Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Nick Allen>: Hi. Can you talk a little bit more about the contingency plans regarding your other customers that 
may affect accounting in 2009? 

<A - Jens Meyerhoff>: Well, I would say probably at this point in time we will not talk about this in too much detail, 
Nick, honestly. I mean, fundamentally right now as we assess our pipeline, we believe that the economics are robust 
under the current long-term contracts. So, this is essentially more or less a contingency scenario around either unique 
customer-specific scenarios and circumstances, or will provide contingency against, maybe unlikely but possible, 
significant further deterioration of the cost of capital. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is from Satya Kumar of Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Satya Kumar>: Yeah, hi thanks. Jens, can you talk a little bit about the cost reduction. The efficiency seems to 
have plateaued around 10.6% plus-minus? Can you talk a little bit about where your balance of system costs are now 
for large projects in Germany, and how much progress you are making towards getting that down to the dollar-per-watt 
target, and how we should think about the efficiencies improving over the next few quarters? 

<A - Jens Meyerhoff>: I would say, so essentially, obviously, the dollar target does not necessarily apply to Germany, 
because the balance of plant costs in the German and European markets are predominantly managed for our customers 
there as them being the integrators. So our long-term target to get to $1 per watt on the balance of plant side essentially 
applies to our own efforts of designing our own solution, optimizing the construction process and gaining economies of 
scale. And that obviously is combined with the ability of the module to have a higher watt and higher conversion 
efficiency. So, I would say based on what we've learned out of our pilot project, we've not only seen I think in some 
cases that we outperformed our initial estimates, but also that we learned a lot that indicates to us that there is a 
significant opportunity to further lower the balance of plant costs. 

Operator 

Thank you. Next we will hear from Kelly Dougherty of Macquarie Capital. [Macquarie Securities, Inc] 

<Q - Kelly Dougherty>: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Previously, you've been talking about focusing just on the 
US utility. And so I am wondering if you can give us a little bit more insight into your decision to enter the residential 
market? Obviously, credit is tough and the housing market, specifically in California is a little bit difficult. So I am 
wondering what you found so compelling about the market, or perhaps it was the opportunity to invest with SolarCity 
itself? 

<A - Michael Ahearn>: Yeah. Kelly, we've actually been – we've been talking to SolarCity, following them and 
talking to them for about 18 months, and thinking about our strategy for entering the distributed generation side of the 
market in the US. And we started with utility scale because that plays very well to our core business and our strengths, 
and we saw an opportunity to hit a price point on these large projects. But the distributed side of the market in the US, 
we think is going to be very significant. The problem is it's highly fragmented, and until that 30% ITC was extended, 
you just had no visibility into whether there would be a market over the next several years that would warrant investing 
the resources and time. So as the ITC was extended, we started to refine our thinking a little bit, and we believe 
SolarCity provides a way through a partnering relationship for us to drive some pretty significant growth into the 
distributed side. We think there is price elasticity in some of these markets that hasn't been tapped with higher cost 


modules, and we think that SolarCity is very good at things that we don't want to do, which is aggregate demand and do 
the hand-to-hand work with the end-user in the trenches. So, it's an alignment that will allow our business model to 
work and we think we can expand market and move away from subsidy dependence, just like we're doing on the utility 
side. 

Operator 

Thank you. We have time for two more questions from the phone. This one from Jesse Pichel of Piper Jaffray. 

<Q - Jesse Pichel>: Thank you for taking my question. Can you talk a little bit about efficiency improvements on the 
horizon and what significant milestone should we look for? 

<A - Bruce Sohn>: Hi Jesse, this is Bruce. Yeah, so efficiency, we – internally we maintain a roadmap that really 
looks at the gamut of opportunities to improve the performance of the modules, ranging from transmission of the live 
end of the module, the conversion of the light into current and then giving it outside of the modules through the back 
contact. And we continue to have a range of engineering solutions that should allow us to continue to improve the 
performance of the module over time. 

As we've stated many times before, these improvements tend to be event driven. They don't occur in individual 
quarters, particularly, nor do they come out linearly as perhaps a growth rate or something like that might look at. 
Nevertheless, we believe, we are still on track for our long-term plan to achieve our long-term financials, given the 
roadmap that we have laid out for ourselves and the rate at which the engineers are able to deploy and qualify new 
improvements. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our final question comes from Michael Molnar of Goldman Sachs. [Goldman, Sachs & Co.] 

<Q - Michael Molnar>: Good afternoon and thanks for taking my question. Just a quick one, as most of my questions 
have been answered; the longer term goal of $0.70, a lot production cost from 2010 to 2012, I think. First, can you tell 
us, given that we are getting very close to 2009, any color on if that's likely to happen more towards the beginning or 
end of that goal? And second, if you can remind me if that includes or excludes stock-based comp costs? 

<A - Michael Ahearn>: Yeah. It includes the SBC. And no, we don't give anything that granular, Michael. I mean I 
can state that we are continuing to track to all the milestones that would get us to that level within that timeframe. So in 
that respect we continue to feel confident, but we wouldn't provide that kind of guidance or visibility right now. 

<A - Jens Meyerhoff>: I mean maybe with some – given some more visibility into this. We have multiple plants that 
are producing at this point in time at a sub $1 level. 

Operator 

Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your questions and for your participation in today's conference. This 
does conclude our program and you may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 


or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2008, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


