Q2 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Scott Lamb, Vice President, Investor Relations 
• Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Andy Kaplowitz 
• Gary Nedelka 
• Umberto Della Sala 
• Barry Bannister 
• Franco Baseotto 
• Michael Dudas 
• John Rogers 
• Steven Fisher 
• Will Gabrielski 
• Jeffrey Spittel 
• Sameer Rathod 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is James and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome 
everyone to the Foster Wheeler Second Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to 
prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator 
Instructions]. Thank you. 

It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Scott Lamb, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin 
your conference. 

Scott Lamb, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Well, good day everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our news release announcing the financial results for the 
quarter was issued this mooring and has been posted to our website at fwc.com. The presentation that we'll use this 
morning has been posted in the Investor Relations section of our website. 

Before turning to the discussion, I need to remind you that any comments made today about future operating results or 
other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation 
Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ substantially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of 
factors that could cause actual results to vary is contained in Foster Wheeler's annual and quarterly reports filed with 
the SEC. The company's Form 10-Q is being filed with the SEC later today. 

On the call today from our office here in Zug are Ray Milchovich, Chairman and CEO; Umberto Della Sala, President 
and Chief Operating Officer; Franco Baseotto, Executive VP, CFO and Treasurer; and Gary Nedelka, who is CEO of 
our Global Power Group. Also participating for Q&A; Peter Ganz, Executive VP and General Counsel; and Lisa Wood, 


VP and Controller. 

After our prepared remarks, we'll have time to take your questions. And I will turn the call over to Ray. 

Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Scott. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'd like to walk you through our prepared 
slides on the quarter and then we'll go to Q&A, if I could ask you to turn to page three. Q2 2009 highlights. 

We enjoyed fully diluted EPS on an adjusted basis of $0.98 per share above the $0.93 per share for the average quarter 
of 2008. We had adjusted net income of $124 million with adjusted EBITDA of $164 million, which is equivalent to 
181 million excluding the impact of approximately 17 million of unfavorable currency translation or said another way, 
we had 2Q 2009 EBITDA excluding the impact of currency, which was actually higher than the average quarter of 
2008. 

We had record level of scope backlog in the E&C Group, excluding the impact of currency translation. It was 
equivalent to $1.98 billion, excluding the impact of approximately 218 million of unfavorable currency translation. And 
we had 15.2 million man-hours in backlog which is the second highest ever quarter in E&C. 

Turning to page four, Q2 2009 details. We had Q2 adjusted net income of $124 million, Q2 adjusted EPS of $0.98 
above the $0.93 for adjusted average quarter of 2008. Q2 results were driven by strong EBITDA in both operating 
groups, particularly offset by 17 million impact on EBITDA from currency translation versus the average quarter of 
2008. We did this while enjoying excellent commercial and operating performance in E&C and GPG. 

Turning to page five. Now, turning to the E&C Group. We had Q2 EBITDA of $131 million, above the average quarter 
of 2008 excluding approximately 14 million of unfavorable currency translation impact versus the average quarter of 
2008. We had outstanding execution and capture of profit enhancement opportunities, and we had EBITDA margin on 
scope revenue of 27.1% versus 24% for the average quarter of 2008. 

Page six, E&C Group, new orders and backlog. In terms of our market view, as we stated before, we have an extensive 
prospect list with numerous examples of projects moving forward. We're also seeing a level of competitive pressure 
that's somewhat more pronounced than this time last year. To update the mega contracts and prospects that we 
highlighted in the past. I'll go through the projects. 

Project number one; the Ecopetrol refinery upgrade. The contract was awarded in Q4 of 2008 with a full release; we 
now see potential on this contract for additional work. 

Project number two; the contract was awarded. We achieved a limited release in Q4 of '08 and we booked more than 
200,000 hours in Q2 of '09. And in late July, we received full release to proceed with the fee. This is obviously not 
been included in backlog since it was not booked until July and we have not yet press released this booking. 

Project number three; the Paradip grassroots refinery in India, contract has been awarded. It's fully booked in Q1. 

Project number four; the contract has been awarded. We've achieved limited releases in Q4 of '08 and Q1 of '09 and 
we've had more than 300,000 hours booked in Q2 of '09 and we expect additional releases in Q4 of '09. 

Project number five; we have a potential client decision on a feasibility study expected in Q4 of this year. 

Project number six; we've submitted the bid. We expect an award decision later this year. 

Project number seven; the FEED has been awarded to another contractor. However, the EPC is still available to Foster 
Wheeler. 

Project number eight was awarded to another contractor. 

Our prospect list includes many more projects, additional mega prospects as well as numerous medium to small 
prospects as well. 


Page seven; looking at E&C Group in terms of new orders in Foster Wheeler scope. We actually have enjoyed a 16% 
increase in new orders booked in average quarter 2009 versus average quarter 2008, which is shown by the graph 
below. 

Page eight; Global E&C Group backlog in Foster Wheeler scope. We actually, as we closed the quarter, enjoyed record 
$1.98 billion in backlog, if we exclude the impact of approximately 218 million of unfavorable currency translation. 

Slide number nine. Global E&C Group man-hours and backlog; at the end of the quarter, we were at our second 
highest-ever quarter shown by the graph below. 

Slide number 10. Now, turning to our Global Power Group and their performance in Q2 of '09. Q2 EBITDA in GPG 
was at $54 million. This is modestly below the average quarter of 2008, due to lower revenues and an unfavorable 
currency translation impact of approximately $3 million. Q2 reflects – Q2 results rather reflect outstanding and 
commercial and operational performance. EBITDA margin on scope revenue was at 19.5% versus 14.1% for the 
average quarter of 2008. 

Turning now to page 11, Global Power Group new orders and backlog in Q2. Global demand for solid fuel boilers 
remains very weak, especially in North America and Western Europe. However, we anticipate client decisions on 
several solid fuel boilers contract in the second half of the year. We have prospects in Asia, Eastern Europe and South 
America. Given our Global leadership position in CFBs, we expect a very high win rate assuming these projects 
proceed. An example would be, that last week we received notice of award for 55-megawatt CFB in Poland. Even with 
such wins however, market conditions are likely to remain challenging for the power business. 

Turning to slide 12. Global Power Group, new orders in Foster Wheeler scope, Q2 orders reflect weak global demand 
for solid fuel boilers which is clearly shown by the data below. Slide number 13, Global Power Group backlog and 
Foster Wheeler scope we had a sequential quarter decline due to weak level of new orders as is shown by the data 
below. 

Turning now to Foster Wheeler cash. We enjoyed a strong cash position at the end of Q2 of '09 with $878 million of 
cash in the company. 

Turning to slide 15, key takeaways from the quarter. In summary, our Q2 performance was simply an excellent quarter 
or net income, EBITDA, E&C scope new orders, and E&C scope backlog. In terms of outlook, in our Global Power 
Group, we expect EBITDA on scope revenue margins to be in the 13 to 15% range for the full year of 2009. Backlog 
could begin to rebound in Q3 and Q4 with anticipated new boiler orders. 

In terms of our E&C Group, we expect EBITDA on scope revenue margins to be between 21 and 23% for the full year 
of '09. And once again, our prospect list is rich and out market position is very strong. 

At this point, we would deal with your questions. Scott? 

Scott Lamb, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Okay. Operator, go ahead and do the polling, please. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. We'll take our first question today from Andy Kaplowitz with Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: You hear me, okay. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Just fine, Andy. 


<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: So Ray, it almost sounds like you're getting maybe a little bit more cautiously optimistic 
about some international power awards, am I reading that right. I know you've talked about them in the second half of 
the year before. So maybe it's just in the second half of the year now, but any more optimism around international 
power market? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: No. The prospects that we're tracking for 
the second half are ones that had been on the radar screen actually since we entered the year, assuming they proceed 
and we think they will. We have what we think is a reasonable expectation for bookings and therefore backlog. But no 
Andy, it would be – what we're looking at the second half does not reflect a positive change over what we anticipated 
six months ago. 

<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: Okay. That's fine. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: And so – I mean, that business is 
performing very, very well unfortunately that market is very weak. 

<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: Are the customers that you're talking at least feeling any better about financing and the ability 
to give you this business? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I don't think – the constraint is not 
financing, the constraint is the need for additional power and the ability to get solid fuel plants permitted. Those are 
more of the constraints I would say than financing. Gary, would you agree? 

<A - Gary Nedelka>: Yeah, I would agree that, that's what we are seeing at this point. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. 

<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: Okay great. And then, obviously, very high margins in both of your segments and E&C, I 
mean the question that I think we have is you mentioned in the release that things are a little more competitive out 
there, how do you think about your ability to sustain margins close to where we are given the competitive environment? 
Can you win some of these big Middle East or Asian projects going forward and sustain the type of the margins that 
you have? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Umberto. 

<A - Umberto Della Sala>: Well, certainly there is more competition in the market, specifically when it comes lump 
sum turn key as we have seen in some projects in the Middle East, but there are other projects which are not going to be 
bid on a lump sum turn key basis, there are projects in which there would be a scheme which, if properly performed 
would allow us to get incentives and to get profit enhancement opportunities. So 409, I believe we have said that we 
still see the margins in the range of 21, 23%. And at this point I don't think that we are going to give any indication on 
what's going to be the margins 2010 and going forward. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Andy, if I just add what Umberto said, I 
mean, number one, knowing what we booked year-to-date we're not unhappy with the margins that we're booking. And 
secondly, what I would say is we're not winning everything. Or said another way, if we see something that we have to 
be overly competitive to win, we simply don't do that. And we're very happy with the bookings and backlogs that we've 
been able to generate in E&C first half of Q2. Is it tougher? It's tougher. Is it more competitive? Yes. But are we 
satisfied with how we've done in the market? The answer is yes, because I mean, the bookings and backlog numbers 
speak for themselves. So I think we're happy with the margins that we booked. And I think we're going to be very 
happy with 2010. 

<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: Great. And then Ray maybe just if you could tell us, did you book the Iraq FEED in the 
quarter or in 3Q or do we not get that granular? 

<A - Umberto Della Sala>: No. Not yet. 


<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: Not yet. 
<A - Umberto Della Sala>: No. 
<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: Okay. Great. I'll get back in queue. Thank you. 
<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: You're welcome. 


Operator 

Next we'll hear from Barry Bannister with Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Hi, I noticed that I believe you raised your EBITDA E&C margin guidance. Previously, I had 
written down 20 to 22 and now you're saying 21 to 23. Is that correct? And did you raise your GPG EBITDA guidance 
as well from last quarter? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Franco? 

<A - Franco Baseotto>: Yes, Barry, you are correct for both points. And I think it's a good indication of how 
successful we continue to be in terms of booking, and how excellent is our execution. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: And I think primarily Barry, it's driven by 
the performance of Q2. In my view in terms of capturing all the potential that's there to be captured in a period, I think 
Q2 of '09 is the best operating quarter we've ever had. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Yes, it's a great quarter and -


<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: And it has had an impact on, just on a 
blended rate, how we see our year and that was primarily the driver for moving our full year expectation up to what it 
was. It was just an excellent quarter. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: That's great. And then just to clarify, your Global Power Group, 13 to 15% EBITDA margin 
guidance, what was the old guidance again? 

<A - Franco Baseotto>: 10.5 to 12.5, Barry. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Okay, so that's a great increase. And given the narrowing of crude light/sweet versus 
heavy/sour spreads and the surplus of distillate out there, are you seeing slower demand for either aftermarket or new 
releases related to coking and other refining products that you provide? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: We haven't seen that yet. I happened to be 
in Houston last week with our group and because of what you just mentioned, I questioned them on that, and the 
answer is not yet. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: So, Troy is still fairly bullish and --? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. So far, yes. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: And then lastly, your fixed E&C scope 15% portion of the backlog was actually very low. 
How does that compare to a year ago and are you seeing a pressure to go towards LSTK, particularly from Eastern 
Asian E&C firms? 

<A - Umberto Della Sala>: Well, let me – I'll answer the last part of your question, Barry. For the time being, it's only 
Middle East and actually it's only certain companies in Middle East. We are not seeing the same trend to lump sum turn 
key in other parts of the world. 

<A - Franco Baseotto>: And going back in terms of comparison with the quarter year ago; that percent was 27%, so, 
yes, it went down. And then, I would also like to add most of that 15 and a good portion of the 27 was actually fixed 


price service contract rather than true blue lump sum turn key contract. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Okay, great. Thank you very much. 

<A - Umberto Della Sala>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

Next we'll hear from Michael Dudas with Jefferies. 

<Q - Michael Dudas>: Good afternoon gentlemen. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Good afternoon, Michael. 

<Q - Michael Dudas>: For Umberto or Ray, could you characterize the amount of FEED work that you're looking at 
or inquires to do such work today versus six to 12 months ago? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: We'll defer to Franco. 

<A - Franco Baseotto>: I think we have not had any material change in the amount of FEED work in our backlog both 
in terms of absolute value as well as in terms of relative weight in our backlog and as we report it, that number has 
increased, it's actually almost doubled compared to the end of Q2 '08. So we are still seeing a strong portion of our 
backlog that is between front end and study contracts. 

<Q - Michael Dudas>: Thank you. Gary, after the second half when get to see the results of whether clients will 
release projects or not in your business, going forward, do you think the characterization of the market will be whether 
to do CFB versus another type of solid fuel technology or gas, or is it just the overall lack of power demand that we are 
seeing in the mature economies. And if that's the case, could that get offset by the expectation for increase in power 
demand in the developing economies? 

<A - Gary Nedelka>: A lot of questions all rolled into one. Yeah, I think the important part is to make a differentiation 
between the developed countries and the emerging countries. And in the developing countries I think it's going to be 
more driven by the overall power demand as opposed to choice of technology, as we go forward. And in the emerging 
markets like we talked about Eastern Europe and Southeast Asia, they we're looking where we still should be able to 
enjoy some advantage with the CFD for particular applications. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I mean Michael, just to add what Gary said, 
I mean, to go – to experience the sheer meltdown in global GDP growth as we've experienced over the last handful of 
quarters. It just simply takes the pressure off of the installation of additional electric capacity being built, and I think 
that's fundamentally the issue that we're suffering in GPG, and unless and until that reverses itself and changes I think 
we are going to continue to suffer as we have. 

Now the prospects we are looking at the second half are situation-specific based on certain geographies and needs that 
have been identified and we're very happy about those, it's just not enough to give us a robust backlog to sit behind that 
business to allow that business to perform as they have in the past. Fair, Gary? 

<A - Gary Nedelka>: That's true. These are site-specific projects as opposed to part of an overall trend in any one 
market. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, exactly. 

<Q - Michael Dudas>: Understood. Thank you. Final question Ray, now that we're anniversarying the beginning of 
the meltdown of the global economy, could you discuss a bit about the outlook for acquisitions and the asking price for 
some of the companies that you're looking at currently? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I'd say the willingness of companies to sell 
is not materially different than we saw a year ago, it's pretty situation-specific. And I would say that the pricing is – I 


don't think Franco any different in terms of expectations on the part of the sellers than it was a year ago. Do you... 

<A - Franco Baseotto>: I --. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I don't think so. I haven't seen a huge 
change in terms of expectations in the space that we're looking at, Michael. 

<Q - Michael Dudas>: And any change in your strategic rationale towards these acquisitions? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Not at all. I mean we're pretty consistent. 
Not at all. 

<Q - Michael Dudas>: Thank you gentlemen. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from John Rogers with D. A. Davidson. 

<Q - John Rogers>: Hi, good morning. Can you hear me okay, I'm on my cell, I apologize. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Just fine, John. 

<Q - John Rogers>: Okay. Ray or anybody, could you give us a little bit more color on the margins? I mean we saw 
much better margins in the second quarter and I guess, I want to just understand, was it better margins because of flows 
out and execution on current work? Or are you seeing better pricing in the market than you went into the year 
expecting? Or is it just more work than you're expecting and thus spreading it over your cost better? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I'll refer to Franco. 

<A - Franco Baseotto>: I think it was mostly actually very good execution on contracts that generated in the quarter, 
good number of profit opportunities and both business group were actually very good at using all of those profit 
opportunities. Most of the profit upside came actually from cost side, rather than from the revenue side. I hear we had 
some incentives, but most of the profit potential was really risk management and therefore contingency conversion and 
cost saving and that's not any more complicated than that. It was a very strong quarter, good opportunities, that's both a 
function of cycle that portfolio contract and life cycle time of that portfolio and our ability to capture those 
opportunities. 

<Q - John Rogers>: Do you have the same opportunities to have exceptionally better margins in the second half of the 
year? I mean, the guidance you've given would suggest that margins are down a little bit – were down certainly from 
the second quarter, are just those opportunities aren't out there or you just don't want to bake them at this point? 

<A - Franco Baseotto>: First off, as we have said many times, these opportunities don't happen in a linear fashion out 
there. So you would expect and if you look back at our historical, both business group you do expect volatility in our 
margin and the accounting is just reflecting the last cycle of the contract and that's what happens when you execute a 
diversified portfolio. 

In term of guidance, if I look for instance at E&C, we had an average for the year margin year-to-date of 23%. We are 
guiding a range of 21, 23. So I would say that there are not material changes in terms of the profit opportunity that we 
see in the second half of the year compared to the first half. 

<Q - John Rogers>: Okay. Thank you. That's helps. 

Operator 

Next we'll hear from Steven Fisher with UBS. 


<Q - Steven Fisher>: Hi, good afternoon. Can you just – following on that question, at this point, do you have any 
visibility into the incentive opportunities or lack thereof as you go out into 2010? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I would say at this point, they're not 
materially different than what we have seen in the past, because we don't have enough visibility into 2010 to really 
make a judgment at this point. 

<Q - Steven Fisher>: Okay. That's fair. And then can you give us a sense of how much the E&C scope bookings were 
new contracts versus release of work on contracts that are already somewhat in backlog? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I don't know that we've actually got that 
data at our fingertips. But I would say that there was no material difference in terms of new awards versus additional 
releases on existing awards, and in fairness, we don't really care. I mean the point is what we care about is the booking 
that will give us an opportunity to liquidate in the future. And we said consistently that by the nature of our work, we 
have contracts that may be released in three, four or five segments and we are not troubled by that. So to us, we don't 
care. But I don't necessarily know that we have got... 

<A - Franco Baseotto>: But the concern is, is the new business transacted in the market and is that reflecting in the 
quarter. I think the answer is yes. We don't disclose the exact composition of our booking. But certainly the majority of 
the Q2 bookings were new order rather than growth or increase in existing backlog. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: And to go a step further. Q2 was an 
excellent booking quarter in E&C without one mega booking in the mix. So we had a very good and solid booking 
quarter without a mega booking in that quarter in E&C, which I think is a distinct positive for the momentum in that 
business. 

<Q - Steven Fisher>: And did you say you had the full release now of project number one because I think earlier you 
had only booked a small portion of it. 

<A - Franco Baseotto>: You are referring number one or number two. 

<Q - Steven Fisher>: Yeah, number one, Ecopetrol. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, we're fully released. 

<Q - Steven Fisher>: And did that happen this quarter? 

<A - Gary Nedelka>: No. We booked that in the fourth... 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: We booked that in the fourth quarter. What 
we see now as we reported is the potential for additional work. I think that was the development in the quarter. 

<Q - Steven Fisher>: Okay. I thought you had only released a portion of it back in the fourth quarter, but I could be 
wrong on that. And then just on the power bookings lastly. 

<A - Umberto Della Sala>: Sorry, this is Umberto. To be clear on Ecopetrol, we have not booked the entire scope of 
the project. We have booked the FEED of – even if the project – the concept for fees run over into part EPC and part 
E&C. We have not booked EPC and the E&C portion, yet. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: So we're fully released on the FEED, which 
is what was announced. 

<Q - Steven Fisher>: Got it. That's helpful. 

<A - Umberto Della Sala>: Yes. 

<Q - Steven Fisher>: And just on the power bookings. I mean, it sounds like you got the second half started with the 
Poland booking. Can you give us some sense of confidence on the timing? Are you expecting these to be spread over 


the next four months or will they be at the end of the year? Or could they have even slipped into 2010? 

<A - Gary Nedelka>: What we're looking at right now is over the short term – near short-term the Poland project 
would be included in our bookings. And there is another project that we've been selected for and we're in the process of 
negotiating the contract for two 220-megawatts CFBs in Vietnam. And we would expect that we would be able to get 
that finalized here in short order, certainly by the end of the year. 

<Q - Steven Fisher>: Okay. And so it sounds like there could be a pretty. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Those two are obviously either certain or 
reasonably certain. 

<A - Gary Nedelka>: That's right, that's right. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. 

<Q - Steven Fisher>: And so it sounds like there could be a pretty wide range of sizes of these projects you are talking 
about? 

<A - Gary Nedelka>: Yes, yes. They're both CFB projects, which has been our strength, but they are different, pretty 
different application and sizes. 

<Q - Steven Fisher>: Okay. Great, thanks a lot. 

<A - Gary Nedelka>: Sure. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from Will Gabrielski with Broadpoint AmTech. 

<Q - Will Gabrielski>: Sure. Thanks. How is it going? Nice quarter. Few questions for you, first on Ecopetrol that 
comment, does that refer to additional scope opportunities on the projects you are working on now, or additional 
projects opportunities within that same client? 

<A - Umberto Della Sala>: Both. 

<Q - Will Gabrielski>: You said both, I am sorry. 

<A - Umberto Della Sala>: Yes. 

<Q - Will Gabrielski>: Okay. Thank you very much. Going back to the margin question, last quarter you talked about 
the release of some contingencies potentially creating some visibility for better margins throughout the year and close 
out, your confidence level today on the remaining two quarters and your visibility is still as good as it was or can you 
provide some color on the timing? 

<A - Franco Baseotto>: I think in terms of our confidence on the margin, clearly, since we have a quarter behind us, 
our guidance is firm now than it was a quarter ago, but really nothing materially changed with respect to the '09 outlook 
expect that slightly upward increase in our margin for both of our business groups. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: But, I mean, in fairness, consistent with 
what I said before, Will, the only thing that's materially changed is the performance in Q2. I mean the reason we 
changed the margin outlook for the year is because I mean in fairness, we nailed it in Q2. So that moved the blended 
rate of the year up. Now, what we typically do is forecast what we think is reasonable performance based on how we've 
performed in the past. We simply did better than that in Q2, so that moved the year up. 

<Q - Will Gabrielski>: Okay, thank you for that. If you touch on FX, back at I think your Analyst Day when you 
initially talked about 2009, you'd highlighted a potential $60 million negative impact to operating income from 


currency. Can you guys provide an updated number of what that might look like today based on the moves we've seen 
in some of the currencies over the past few months? 

<A - Franco Baseotto>: Yes, with respect – that was related to our E&C group. 

<Q - Will Gabrielski>: Yes. 

<A - Franco Baseotto>: And the first half was more or less in line with that guidance because the unfavorable 
translation for the first half was 27 million. For the second half, assuming that rates remain at the levels that were in 
effect at the end of June, we could probably see an improvement in the order of magnitude of 15 million. 

<Q - Will Gabrielski>: Okay, 10 to 15 million? 

<A - Franco Baseotto>: Pounds, yes, 15 million, that's mainly the Pound versus the previous. So the 60 million of 
unfavorable translation would be calculated now with the same methodology and would be 45 million for the full year, 
of course. 

<Q - Will Gabrielski>: Okay, great. And we haven't seen that flow through numbers yet is what you're implying. But I 
think we were basically at 30 million for the first half of the year, so the impact of the currency swing we'll start to see 
this quarter? 

<A - Franco Baseotto>: We have 27, it was 14 and 13. 

<Q - Will Gabrielski>: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you very much for that. It's a comment on what Ray said on a 
question the fact you guys were able to book such significant amount of scope E&C work without a mega project. Can 
you comment a little bit about sort of from a man-hour standpoint, obviously, we know what the number was, but what 
was the – the billings rate on new bookings and what drove that this quarter and it would appear to be maybe 25 to 30% 
higher than it was last quarter and how do you see that trending going forward based on regionally some of your 
prospects? 

<A - Umberto Della Sala>: Listen. We generally don't provide information on our billing rate because we are in a 
competitive environment. So we will prefer not to disclose this type of information. And there is no golden rule in 
terms of billing rate. Each project is different based on the competitive environment that we have to face. 

<Q - Will Gabrielski>: Okay. But did FX play a role in the dollar value that I calculated increasing quarter-to-quarter? 

<A - Franco Baseotto>: I think Q2 to Q1 there has been a positive impact from FX on the bookings, certainly. But 
again, I believe the other comment I would offer is another indication, quarterly activity is really not necessary 
indication of a trend in our space. We should look at longer-term averages, but yes some of the improvement is 
associated to foreign exchange. 

<Q - Will Gabrielski>: Okay, great. And lastly, just – so obviously the baseline of non-mega project work is 
impressive and it kind of underscores the fact that you can grow your business with or without mega projects, scope 
E&C backlog and I was wondering if, when you guys think about the business going forward, does the market seem to 
improve to a point where you can continue to see that level of activity on a quarterly basis of non-mega projects then 
lumping at a mega projects here and that will give you the big bumps quarter-to-quarter. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: What I would say, Will is look at what we 
said about E&C market consistently over the last four quarters. And in my view, we have not been as negative as the 
tone has been. We've been – I mean we said consistently it's more competitive than it was a year ago, but we've 
consistently resisted the temptation to talk about how much worse the E&C market was. 

We've said consistently we have a very robust prospect list, clients are being calculating, but we feel that they have the 
tendency to foresee. What's happened over the last four quarters is we book consistent with that. So I mean what I 
would say as opposed to being more positive, we've been less negative than perhaps the tone has been, and we remain 
bullish on the E&C business. Because we booked very, very well, we're performing extremely well and we've got a 
strong and robust prospect list. We have some new mega opportunities and a number of medium and smaller size 


opportunities. So we continue to be bullish about that business. 

<Q - Will Gabrielski>: All right. Thank you guys very much. Congratulations again. 

Operator 

We now hear from Jeff Spittel with Natixis. 

<Q - Jeffrey Spittel>: Close enough. Good morning guys. Question about the LNG markets. I know you've 
commented in the past few quarters that was one of the end markets that seem to be holding up reasonably well. Could 
you give us an update on what you are seeing on the ground in the Asia-Pacific region and sounds like a lot of projects 
are kind of progressing toward a final investment decision in the same timeframe. Are you seeing any change in terms 
of customer appetite or maybe an increasing sense of urgency to move through with these projects? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I would say, I go back to what we stated 
before about this market. We've been very optimistic about future opportunities in this market that's why the work 
we're doing in Australia with Woodside is extremely strategic with us – to us. We continue to see a strong appetite on 
the part of clients to proceed with these projects. They are very large and very complex. So the decision-making 
process is understandably meticulous and we continue to be very, very bullish about the LNG market generally and our 
growing position in that market. 

<Q - Jeffrey Spittel>: Okay. On the flip side of that could you walk us through I guess your end markets in the E&C 
Group, any areas where the competitive pressures are particularly acute right now? 

<A - Umberto Della Sala>: Probably the area where the competitive pressure is very high is in the pharma market, 
mainly because that the level of investment is very, very low. And this is probably the area where we have seen very 
high pressure on market. There are examples in lump sum turn keys in which we have seen the contract with Koreans 
becoming extremely aggressive. Nothing new, nothing new, we've seen it in 2004, 2005. But as I said earlier there are 
other opportunities in which there is less competitive pressure and there is more appreciation by clients for the value, 
which we can provide. 

<Q - Jeffrey Spittel>: Okay. 

<A - Umberto Della Sala>: May be I should comment on projects we lost in Middle East where certainly we have 
seen very, very aggressive behavior of certain Korean and Japanese contractor. Now, I believe we submitted and I am 
referring to their contract to buy – it is our technology which of course we know very well. We submitted I believe a 
very competitive bid, very well prepared. And I maintain my position that probably we're the best company in the 
world to be able to estimate the cost of our own technology. But we found and competitor was much more aggressive. 
So the only thing we can say, wish them good luck. 

<Q - Jeffrey Spittel>: Nothing wrong with being disciplined. Okay. Thanks guys. I will turn it back. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: So that represents a chain, and that's a win 
that we very much would like to have had. But in fairness, we don't wanted at that number. So it is what it is. But that's 
different from a year ago. Now the good news is we are able to book the business without it. But we would very much 
like to have had it. 

<Q - Jeffrey Spittel>: Understood. Thanks you very much. 

<A - Umberto Della Sala>: You are welcome. 

Operator 

We have a question from Sameer Rathod with Macquarie. 


<Q - Sameer Rathod>: Hi. Just wanted to get an update on Pluto 1, how that was progressing and if you had any 
comment on – what the current status of Pluto 2 was? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Pluto 1 is progressing very, very nicely. I 
will be in Karratha in Perth week after next again to spend a week with the client and our project team there. We are 
progressing very, very well at site. We are on schedule, on budget. And so far still good on what is been a very 
complicated and very fast track project. 

In terms of Pluto 2, I have no new information, I suspect that that will be something to discuss when I am there, the 
week after next, but at this point I have no new information what we've had before. So I would say things at Pluto are 
very, very good but it's something that we pay attention to weekly because it's very important to us and our very valued 
clients there. 

<Q - Sameer Rathod>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

We have a follow-up question from Andy Kaplowitz with Barclays Capital 

<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: Ray, so I know you've been bullish for the last several quarters on E&C. I guess the question 
that I have is, has anything surprised you about the E&C markets, maybe has pricing held in a little better than you 
would have expected or was competition a little worse than you would expect and any color there? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Great question – has anything surprised 
me? Let me answer then I'll turn to Umberto and ask him because he is a level closer than I am. I've been surprised at 
how successful we've been booking the business while staying disciplined commercially. So in other words we haven't 
won everything and we lost some things we would like to have won. But frankly if you'd said to me we wouldn't be 
able do that a year ago and be at record levels this time this year that's a positive surprise to me. 

So I mean, I was bullish latter part of last year because I didn't feel the things would turn that negative. As I said earlier, 
I think I was right about that and I'm quite a bit of surprised at how successful we've been keeping the business booked 
and staying commercially disciplined. Umberto, what would you say? 

<A - Umberto Della Sala>: No. Actually, we expected increase in competitive pressure – some level of increased 
competitive pressure that's the national consequence of the financial crisis and some of the investment being postponed. 
But we expected it and I believe that we have managed it well in the market, so no major surprise there. 

<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: Scope revenue actually rose in the quarter. And again, I know it's lumpy but I can't help but 
thinking you started up Paradip and you're still working on Pluto for the remainder of the year. So I know you don't like 
to give guidance around quarters and stuff, but if I look at the revenue, have we sort of steadying the tide of revenue 
coming down a bit for the next couple of quarters, and then of course, we have to continue to book the business for 
2010? But I'm just wondering about that. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Andy, I know you don't know this but if we 
give you guidance on revenue, and we've already given you guidance on margins, guess what you can calculate. 

<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: I can always try. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I understand. I just want you to know we're 
paying attention. 

<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: Okay. All right, that's fair. And then you didn't talk at all about it and you've talked about it in 
the past about power that you may restructure over time. Are we still thinking about what we're going to do there? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: We're in process. The guys here have done 
a great job staying very close to what's there, and taking actions so far this year and that's something that's on the 


agenda for the second half of this year. We've got some heavy lifting to do with regard to making sure that we're 
optimizing that business given the loads that we anticipate next year. So that – it's unlikely that we're done yet. 

<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: Got you. Thank you. 

Operator 

Barry Bannister with Stifel Nicolaus has our next question. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Yeah, hi, it's Barry Bannister of Stifel Nicolaus. Just Ecopetrol is an interesting company. It's 
a top 40 worldwide oil company. It's not a small player at all, and they need to upgrade those two refineries. I know 
you got the fully booked FEED on Barrancabermeja refinery. But when you spoke of additional work and particularly 
the other refinery, are you looking at packages on the other refinery, whereby that project is also moving forward in 
addition to your existing FEED work on Barrancabermeja? 

<A - Umberto Della Sala>: Well, it's – by the way that on Cartagena is the other refinery. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Right. 

<A - Umberto Della Sala>: There is FEED work proceeding by others. You know that there are potential changes in 
the ownership of the refinery referring to the Cartagena refinery. And there could be also some changes in the overall 
scheme of the two refineries to include the integration of the two refineries, the ownership change proceeds. And we 
are looking at opportunities also in Cartagena. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: So the two refineries being more integrated might open up more scope for you to continue to 
work on that. 

<A - Umberto Della Sala>: But everything is related is linked to the decision of Ecopetrol on the final ownership of 
Cartagena. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Okay. And I did not see Foster Wheeler on the Jubail Coker. Actually you did not win that, or 
I don't if he even did, the Yanbu list, I am reading a list of names like SINOPEC Engineering, Samsung Engineering, 
TR of Spain, is there a reason why on some of these large Saudi refinery projects we are not seeing Foster Wheeler, for 
example, to continue, on PetroRig 2, Andy Allen had mentioned in the analyst meeting that was a prospect, but then I 
didn't see Foster Wheeler in any of the work there as well? 

<A - Umberto Della Sala>: Now, first of all Barry, we did bid the Jubail Delayed Coker. This is the project I was 
referring to when I was commenting about our loss. So we did bid. Now on the other one, when we looked at the bidder 
list, we looked at the nature of the project that we bid and we decided we had to spend money somewhere else. I mean 
these are very expensive bids and when we look at the decision whether to bid or not, we look at also the possible 
success rate. So and by the way on the Conoco – on the Yanbu project, the qualification process took place many 
months ago, at that time we decided not to bid. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Right. And [inaudible] you did become the co FEED so there is presumably work there. So 
not a problem. Thanks for the input. 

<A - Umberto Della Sala>: Thanks you. 

Operator 

We'll move on to Rick Johnson with Thai Capital. 

<Q>: Yes, thank you. The average power margins in the first half were quite strong and your guidance for the year 
implies second half margins down significantly versus the first half. Is that what you intend to communicate? 


<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. 

<Q>: And the driver of that will be lower backlog, lower orders? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. We are – that business is suffering a 
very weak market and we are comfortable with the guidance we have given for the full year. 

<Q>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

We have a follow-up from Steven Fisher with UBS. 

<Q - Steven Fisher>: Great. Just come back to the incentives in the quarter on the E&C side and I'm sorry if you cover 
this aspect if already. But, Ray, last quarter you had mentioned that you'd hope to convert the bonus opportunities in 
Q2, Q3 and Q4. And so I'm wondering if you can comment on how the Q3 and Q4, opportunities theoretically 
compared to what the opportunities were in Q2? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. Let me go back to Franco's answer 
to question similar to this earlier. The E&C margins in Q2 were primarily contingency conversion and cost reduction 
rather than incentives converted. And in terms of the contract mix or opportunity mix that exist in the second half we 
see no material change from what we had in the first half in terms of opportunities and products. But let's be clear, the 
second quarter was much more contingencies not spent and converted to profit or cost reductions turned into profit as 
opposed to incentives earned in E&C. 

<Q - Steven Fisher>: Okay. That's clear, thank you. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, it appears there are no further questions at this time. I'll now turn the call back over to Ray 
Milchovich. 

Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you everybody for joining us. We'll talk with you soon. 

Operator 

That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


