Q1 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Scott Lamb, Vice President Investor Relations 
• Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Andy Kaplowitz 
• Michael Dudas 
• Umberto della Sala 
• Steven Fisher 
• Joe Ritchie 
• Barry Bannister 
• Franco Baseotto 
• Gary Nedelka 
• John Rogers 
• Will Gabrielski 
• Jeffrey Spittel 
• Martin Malloy 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Kamal, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to 
welcome everyone to the Foster Wheeler First Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on 
mute to prevent any background noise. 

After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. 

It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Scott Lamb, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin 
your conference. 

Scott Lamb, Vice President Investor Relations 

-and has been posted to our website at fwc.com. The presentation that we will use today has been posted in the Investor 
Relations section of our website. 

Before turning to the discussion, I need to remind you that any comments made today about future operating results or 
other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation 
Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ substantially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of 
factors that could cause actual results to vary is contained in Foster Wheeler's annual and quarterly reports filed with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission. The company's Form 10-Q will be filed with the SEC today. 

Joining us on the call today are Ray Milchovich, Chairman and CEO; Umberto della Sala, President and Chief 
Operating Officer; Franco Baseotto, who is Executive VP, CFO and Treasurer; Peter Ganz, Executive VP and General 


Counsel; Lisa Wood, VP and Controller; and Gary Nedelka, who is CEO of our Global Power Group. 

After our prepared remarks, we will have time to take your questions. I will turn the call over to Ray. 

Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'll start with highlights of Q1. Our net income and earnings per 
share were obviously below our average quarter of 2008 due to reduced EBITDA in both business groups. We had 
significant impact from non-operating items, mainly unfavorable currency translation relative to the average quarter of 
2008. 

We had four unfavorable operating items, primarily lower volumes of work, less favorable timing and mix of contracts, 
and under-absorption of cost. In addition, we had a higher effective tax rate versus our average quarter of 2008. We 
enjoyed two new records in our Global E&C Group, new orders booked in terms of scope revenue for the quarter and 
number of man-hours in backlog at the end of the quarter, and we continued to enjoy strong commercial performance 
and project execution in both business groups. 

Turning to page two and going into a higher level of detail on the quarter. Our Q1 adjusted net income declined 44% 
from the average quarter of 2008 to $74.6 million. Our adjusted EPS of $0.59 per diluted share was down 37% from 
our average quarter of 2008. The key driver was a drop in EBITDA in both business groups versus the average quarter 
of 2008. Specifically, we had approximately $29 million of non-operating items mainly currency translation in Global 
E&C. 

We had approximately 38 million of unfavorable operating items, specifically volume, mix, timing and 
under-absorption of costs. To be specific, however, even though the $38 million are operating items this was not a lack 
of operating performance. These are simply the effects on our operations due to normal events inside the portfolio as 
well as volumes drop-off because of the markets. 

And finally, our net income was impacted by approximately $4 million due to a higher effective tax rate, 19.8% in Q1 
versus an average quarter of 2008 of 15.6%. As we look at the remainder of 2009 and the portfolio mix of contracts we 
have in operation, we expect the tax rate for the balance of the year to be in the very low 20% range. 

Turning to page three. Specific to our E&C Group, our Q1 2009 EBITDA was 40% below the average quarter of 2008. 
Approximately $21 million of non-operating items, mainly unfavorable currency translation, impacted the business 
versus our average quarter of 2008. Approximately $32 million of unfavorable operating items versus our average 
quarter of 2008 broken down as follows: $17 million of timing and mix, $9 million of an impact for reduced volume 
and approximately $6 million volume-related under-absorption of cost. 

Now let me speak more specifically about those three categories that make up the 32 million. As we look at the 
operating performance in Q1 and specifically what made up the $17 million drop that we categorized as timing and 
mix, there's absolutely no performance issues inside here. However, because of the timing of the contracts in operation, 
we had far fewer opportunities to convert contingency to profit, or to close out jobs and enjoy bonus opportunities on 
specific contracts in Q1. As we look at the balance of the year, we've seen a more normal contract mix that we expect 
to enjoy in Q2 through Q4. 

In terms of the $6 million of volume-related under-absorption of costs, we had two specific examples in Q1 of project 
teams waiting the release to work on specific contracts that were awarded when we began the quarter or were awarded 
inside the quarter. These project teams were dedicated to those projects. The releases were delayed and therefore, we 
had an under-absorption of people that had to be committed to those projects and that – since then, have begun to 
perform productive work on those contracts. 

Turning to the next page. In terms of Global E&C, new orders and backlog in Q1. We had a record level of new orders 
booked in scope revenue in number of man-hours and backlog. In terms of the market, we continue to see some 
slippage on timing of client decisions, some competitive pressure and a phased release of signed contracts. 


To be specific, on the mega contracts and prospects that we've been speaking to you for some time, I give the following 
update: Project #1 is the Ecopetrol refinery upgrade. The contract was awarded in Q4 and we've currently received a 
full release to proceed. In terms of Project #2, the contract was awarded. We have a limited release that we enjoyed in 
Q4 of '08, a much larger release that we received in April, and we expect additional large releases in the balance of '09. 

In terms of Project #3, the Paradip grassroots refinery in India. As we previously announced, the contract was awarded 
and fully booked in Q1. Project #4, the contract was awarded. We received limited releases in Q4 of 2008 and Q1 of 
2009 with expected additional releases through the balance of 2009. 

Project #5, it appears that that award decision will not be made until 2010. Project #6, we expect an award decision 
later this year. Project #7, the FEED was awarded to another contractor. The EPC is still available to us. And finally, 
Project #8 was awarded to another contractor. 

Now, to avoid any confusion, we report on these eight mega contracts and prospects, because we previously disclosed 
the major impact that they could have on our 2009. However, I don't want it to be misunderstood that these contracts 
are the only contracts that make up our year. We have many, many, many other contracts and prospects that we follow 
that routinely get won or delayed or lost that impact the profitability of the business, but they're of a much smaller scale 
than the eight that we reported on here. 

When I go to the next page, we deal with the E&C Group new orders in terms of Foster Wheeler scope. What you see 
here is that we booked $713 million of scope in the E&C in Q1. This is a 36% increase over the average quarter 
bookings that we enjoyed in 2008, and an all-time record quarter for E&C. If we look at backlog in terms of Foster 
Wheeler scope at the end of Q1, we had 1.611 billion of scope in E&C backlog. If we turn to E&C man-hours in 
backlog, this was at an all-time record level of 16.2 million man-hours exiting Q1 of '09, up 29% from where we ended 
Q4 of '08. 

Turning now to our Global Power Group in Q1. Their Q1 2009 EBITDA was 18% below the average quarter of 2008, 
approximately 5 million of non-operating items, mainly unfavorable currency translation impacted their quarter, and we 
also had an unfavorable impact of lower volumes versus the average quarter of 2008. 

In terms of new orders in backlog in Q1, we've seen a lower level of new orders in backlog due in part to the fact that 
client award decisions for 2009 solid-fuel boiler prospects are skewed towards the second half of the year. We also 
suffered the removal of $134 million from backlog due to the client termination of twin CFB projects in Louisiana. In 
terms of the market tone for the served markets, they continue to be soft, especially in North America. The weakness in 
the global economy, political environmental sensitivity regarding solid-fuel-fired boilers, and a decline in natural gas 
prices, increasing the attractiveness of that fuel competing with coal and other solid fuels, all of this combined to 
impact the softness of the solid-fuel market. 

We also see a major – we also enjoyed a major step forward with regard to this business in the Indian market in that we 
signed a licensing agreement for PC boilers in India, which remains still subject to approval by the Indian government. 
If approved, and we assume that it will be, this will enable us to offer product into the Indian market and to specific 
Indian customers. 

In terms of the Global Power Group, new orders booked in terms of Foster Wheeler scope, we booked $93 million in 
Q1, well below the average of 334 million per quarter in 2008 in Global Power, reflective of the weakness in this 
business. In terms of backlog in Foster Wheeler scope, we finished Q1 with $801 million in backlog behind the Global 
Power Group. 

Turning to our cash position. We remain with a very strong cash position exiting Q1 of '09. Our cash position was at 
802 million at the end of the quarter. This reflects unfavorable currency translation impact of 21.6 million relative to 
Q4 of 2008. We did not purchase shares in Q1 under the existing buyback program. 

Turning to our wrap-up page for our Q1 2009 key takeaways. We continue to enjoy strong commercial performance 
and project execution during Q1 in both business groups. Our outlook for our Global Power Group: demand for 
solid-fuel boilers remains weak. We're pursuing several international boiler prospects that could reach award decisions 


in the second half of 2009. We're encouraged by the Indian licensing agreement and the future potential that it could 
offer. 

We expect EBITDA on scope revenue margins to be in the 10.5 to 12.5% range for the full year 2009 in the Global 
Power Group. And the quarterly EBITDA run rate for the balance of the year will be somewhat sensitive to the size, 
timing and quantity of new boiler orders yet to be realized in that business. 

Turning to our Global E&C Group, the prospect list remains robust, but clients are taking longer to reach decisions, and 
then, offering – often releasing job in phases. We're also seeing increased competitive pressure in that business. We had 
non-operating items, mainly currency translation, which is likely to be unfavorable relative to '08 if exchange rates 
remain at Q1 '09 levels specifically for the British pound and the euro versus the US dollar. 

We expect EBITDA on scope revenue margins to be between 20% and 22% for the full year of '09. And quarterly 
EBITDA run rate for the balance of the year we expect to benefit from improved timing and mix and improved cost 
absorption in the final three quarters of the year. As mentioned earlier, we expect the tax rate to be in the very low 20s 
for the balance of the year. 

At this point, we'd be happy to take your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Andy Kaplowitz from Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: Good afternoon, guys. Can you hear me okay? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Just fine, Andy. 

<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: Great. I just want to be clear on what happens over the rest of the year in E&C. I mean, it 
seems you're talking about the 32 million impact in the quarter. Ray, do we get that back each quarter in the rest of the 
year? Is that kind of what you're saying or is part of that what we expect to get that? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: That's specifically what I'm not saying and I appreciate the question. The 32 million, if I 
break into its component parts, there was some what we believe are very specific to Q1 issues. For example, the 6 
million of volume-related under-absorption, we've not experienced that ever before that I can remember and certainly, 
not to this magnitude. But what we've seen because of client delays and teams dedicated to specific projects, we were 
forced the hold teams that couldn't liquidate because award decisions were delayed. 

Now, we don't expect that to reoccur as we go through the rest of the year and we certainly don't expect it to occur to 
that magnitude. The 17 million of timing and mix, when we looked inside what happened there and we were very, very 
granular when we did this because we were looking for a performance drop-off, it simply wasn't there. 

What was is – it was a clean quarter but there was just a remarkable absence of profit upside opportunities that we've 
enjoyed now for years as we've got project executions to a certain level in the business. And we just didn't have project 
closeouts where we have the opportunity to win bonuses, and we didn't have the opportunity to actually convert what is 
normal contingency to profit because we weren't at the life cycle on contracts whereby we had removed the risk and 
therefore, the opportunity to convert the contingency to profit. 

When we saw the margin impact of that in the first quarter, it caused us to look in a very detailed way at what we saw 
in operation in Q2, Q3, Q4 to look at what we thought a reasonable margin expectation was for the balance of the year 
and that supported the margin guidance that we've just provided. So, we do not see a repeat of what we saw in Q1 for 
the balance of this year for those reasons, Andy. 

<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: Got you. I think that's clear. Ray, in terms of your confidence level around these international 
Power bookings, I remember last quarter you had talked about no real push to get these projects to go forward on the 


Power side. Obviously, the world maybe looks like it's a little better than it was a couple of months ago, but still we're 
faced with relatively weak global GDP. So, can you talk about your confidence level around these bigger awards? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Well, I mean, the awards that we have on the radar screen for the rest the year in Power. 
Let me just say this, we have what I think is a reasonably conservative view of what we're likely to book. So, it's pretty 
easy to make the objective when you have a pretty conservative view of what you think will be available and I think we 
do. 

So I think we've got Global Power very reasonably centered in terms of our expectations given the weakness of that 
market. And so I mean, I don't see huge risks that we have a very optimistic expectation there because we don't. 
Because we just don't see the prospects. And the prospects that we think that we're likely to book, we think it's highly 
probable that we will book them and win them if they proceed. 

The E&C side we see very different than that. I mean, the E&C side remains – in my view, we've got a very good 
prospect list. We've got very good prospects on the horizon. The surprise there has been the delay on the part of clients 
of making decisions even based on the timing that we've gotten from them. So, it's not as if we don't have prospects on 
the E&C side, we've prospect-rich on E&C side, but what we've seen is just a slow decision-making process on the part 
of client. 

So, the markets supporting the two businesses are at very different places. The Power market unfortunately is a market 
that is very cold for us right now. E&C side, we're very positive about the market. We're very enthusiastic with the 
market. It's just that the we suffered delays in clients making decisions on that side. 

<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: Ray, one quick follow-up on the Power side, it seems like your new guidance for EBITDA 
over scope revenue reflects that conservatism over the rest of the year's since you did put up a good margin quarter in 
Power this quarter, is that correct? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Well, I think the margins that we're suggesting we'll be at for the rest of the year reflect 
the quality of the backlog behind the business, which I think is a credit to the guys running that business and the work 
that they've done and the operating performance that we expect out of that business. We're – the markets are cold 
supporting the business. The guys running the business are doing, in my opinion, an excellent job running the business. 

So I feel pretty good about those margins and the volumes that we think we'll generate because we have a pretty 
conservative view of what we're going to book. So, I feel pretty good about forecasting what Power will do the rest of 
the year. 

<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: Thank you very much. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Yeah, thank you, Andy. 

Operator 

Our next question is from Michael Dudas with Jefferies Company. 

<Q - Michael Dudas>: Good morning, Ray, everybody or good afternoon, rather. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Hello, Michael. 

<Q - Michael Dudas>: Oh yes, good afternoon. Ray, want you to follow up on your discussion about increased 
competitive pressure. Couldn't you isolate how it is relative to your end market and businesses and we're talking E&C 
here? And also, relative to front end type work and traditional EPC opportunities for Foster Wheeler? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Okay, well, I mean, what I would say, Michael, is if we see – I mean, let's face it, E&C 
has been a great place to be for the last three, four years. 

<Q - Michael Dudas>: Correct 


<A - Raymond Milchovich>: I mean, for all of us, not just Foster Wheeler, for all of us. It was a high-growth area and 
it was great place to do business. Now, with some projects being cancelled, not projects that we were involved with but 
other projects in the business being cancelled, and some projects being delayed, you've got a fixed amount of capacity 
pursuing fewer business opportunities. 

So just by the nature of that we're seeing additional competitive activity on prospects that we didn't see over the last 
three, four years. Now, frankly, we're still having a very, very high success rate winning what we think we should win, 
and getting what we think is naturally ours, but we have to be mindful that there's just more competitive pressure than 
there was before. But I don't think that should be a surprise to anyone. 

We have the same amount of capacity pursuing what – and the result are fewer opportunities. But I wouldn't overplay 
that. Let's face it. What we went through the last three, four years was as good market as I've ever experienced in my 
entire career. So, it doesn't get much better than that. So, I'd tender that a little bit. I'd balance that a little bit. 

In terms of reason to look at the future, the prospect list that we see is as strong as we've ever seen it in the whole 
period of time I've been with the company. And there are a mixture of smaller prospects and very, very large prospects 
that the company is qualified for today that frankly, three, four years ago Foster Wheeler wasn't even on the radar 
screen for. So, we're very confident about that. 

In addition to that, I'll have Umberto speak about just the concentration of FEED work, but we have a strong segment 
of FEED work today which obviously positions us – for two reasons. It gives us reason to believe that clients intend to 
roll the FEED into EPC which provides future opportunity but it also positions us to leverage the FEED into EPC 
because we're doing the FEED. So, Umberto, you want to just add to that? 

<A - Umberto della Sala>: Yeah, just a comment, in terms of FEED man-hours today we have in our backlog almost 
twice the amount of man-hours we had in 2007 and we're running in the last quarters at very high level of FEED 
man-hours. Which as Ray said is a good indication that there are still – clients are still looking at investments and for us 
there are excellent opportunities to convert into full EPCM. So, from that point of view the market is still strong. 

<Q - Michael Dudas>: Duly noted, Ray, and I assume on that doubling of FEED hours versus two years ago, do you 
anticipate the win percentages to be as good or because your competitive position and your skill sets have become 
better, will you be a little bit more choosy in how you go about converting the FEED into your EPC work? 

<A - Umberto della Sala>: Listen, I don't see today any reason to believe that our success in converting to EPC is 
going to be much different from what we enjoyed in 2008 and 2007. 

<Q - Michael Dudas>: Thank you. Ray, I'm sorry, my final 


<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Just to reinforce that, Michael. The reason is, is we have to be mindful of the markets 
we're in. The '09 market is different than the '07 market. And we've got ourselves effectively dialed in, and we'll do 
what we need to do to win. And I think we've proven over the last number of years that we can do that a very 
commercially responsible way. But we're simply reporting to you that the market's different and the market's changed 
because we think it would be incomplete of us not to report that. But the market is what the market is and we think we 
can play in this market, and we're pretty upbeat about the opportunities that are there. So, that's the way I would look at. 

<Q - Michael Dudas>: Ray, that's well said. One final just quick follow-up, as you look at your client base and the 
potential projects out there, could you maybe talk about ability of the clients to go back and recalculate capital costs 
and how that may or may not impact the ability of the project list to move forward at a better rate then we would've 
thought otherwise? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: I think, Michael, as much as the clients delaying awards frustrates us because we take 
the example of first quarter where we had under-absorption and teams waiting. And we don't like to do that. Because 
that's just not the way we run our business. But if I'm the client and I've gone through this very rapid capital cost 
escalation over the last three to four years, I mean, we have to put ourselves in the client's shoes, it's very natural for the 
client to want to make a very responsible buying decision. 


And clients have really wanted to make sure that they're not, for the sake of a six-month delay, they're not buying at a 
cost that could be 10%, 15% higher than it needs to be and I can understand that. 

So I really think that once the global economy gets more stable and there are some signs that may be occurring, and 
once clients are convinced that by proceeding, they're not going to leave 10, 15% of value on the table, we believe that 
the prospect flow could begin to flow better, because there seems to be a sincere desire on the client part to proceed 
with these projects. 

So that's about the way we see things and frankly, if I put myself in the client's shoes, I can understand why they're 
behaving in some cases the way they are. And what we have to do is we just have to have the patience to let the natural 
commercial process see its way through until the prospects become booking. So, it's maybe a frustration to us as we try 
to run our business efficiently, it shouldn't surprise us. 

<Q - Michael Dudas>: Well said, Ray. Thank you very much, gentlemen. 

Operator 

The next question comes from Steve Fisher with UBS. 

<Q - Steven Fisher>: Hi, good afternoon. Ray, if you back out Paradip I'm assuming you had booking somewhere 
close to the fourth quarter of '08 scope levels in E&C? Is it fair to assume that fourth quarter level is a stable run-rate 
for the normal flow of business or is there no such thing? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Well, I mean, I don't think any one quarter unless it's purely coincidental reflects a 
run-rate. All we have to do is look at E&C bookings over the last two years, three years, four years, five years and 
they've moved quarter-to-quarter and we consistently have said that that's simply going to be the way we book the 
business. 

And when you look at the size of these contracts today, just take a look at the size of Paradip. As much as we were very 
happy with the size of the booking, we're very happy with the booking quarter, we're very happy with the backlog, we 
can't book four Paradips in four quarters in a row. We just don't have the capacity to do it. 

So by their nature, we're going to see a variability of booking. And what I would say is the better way to look at this is, 
is a smoothing in a run-rate over a period of time. And frankly, at this point, we intend to maintain this E&C business, 
we intend to maintain the position that we've earned in the marketplace, and we intend to book this business. But there's 
going to be quarter-to-quarter variability and hopefully we can do a good job of explaining that. 

<Q - Steven Fisher>: Okay, that's fair, and then, on Paradip, how quickly can that project ramp up and when would 
you expect it to hit peak revenues? 

<A - Umberto della Sala>: It is ramping up now. Now, you should consider in our mind probably we're going to 
liquidate 20 – 25% of the entire man-hours which we have booked. So, you are going to see the major impact in 2010 
and beyond. 

<Q - Steven Fisher>: Okay. So, sounds like between 2010 and 2011 you're at your peak there? 

<A - Umberto della Sala>: Exactly. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: But 25% in '09 is not an insignificant amount. 

<Q - Steven Fisher>: Sure. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Yeah. 

<Q - Steven Fisher>: Right, and then, a similar question and my first one on the Power side of things, wondering what 
work you did book in Power in the quarter? I know you had the Solar contract but what else – what kind of projects did 
you book in there and just wondering if there is a sustainable kind of base level, minimum level of work that you'd 


book in Power in a quarter? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Well, I think what we need to remember on the Power side is even though the new 
boiler build market is very cold, there's a services level of business, the term services, plant maintenance, major 
maintenance, small capital projects for existing clients' business both in North America and in Europe and in Asia that 
is a relatively substantial size in that business that goes on. And that's book and burn business, that's business that we 
typically book and burn immediately. And that business booked. 

We also have our build-own-operate plants inside there that create a constant level of EBITDA stream in that business 
as well. So, when we talk about the market supporting the business, we're talking about the new boiler build, but there 
is a term services segment that's reasonably significant and there is the build-own-operate EBITDA that's inside that 
segment as well. 

<Q - Steven Fisher>: Great. Just lastly, there was a power project you mentioned in February that you said you might 
know a decision on within four to six weeks and that could take '09 either way. Did you hear a decision on that one yet? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: We did not. 

<Q - Steven Fisher>: Okay, so that's still potentially to come? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Yes. 

<Q - Steven Fisher>: Okay, great thanks, a lot. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Thank you. 

Operator 

The next question comes from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Joe Ritchie>: Good afternoon, everyone. Just a quick question first on the E&C scope, EBITDA margins, I think 
you were 20 to 22% run-rate for the year. Can you help us understand, you booked 18.4% this quarter, help us 
understand how you get the 20 to 22? Is it mostly the contingencies, how much of a lift are you seeing from the Paradip 
award since you haven't started to burn off much of the work there yet this year? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Joe, the major issue to get from this quarter's margins which were unusually low 
because of the reasons I mentioned is 17 million of timing and mix, and $6 million of volume-related under-absorption. 
We do not intend to have that the rest of the year. And the way you mitigate the 17 is you go back to a more normal 
mix of contracts in operation that we've enjoyed in 2007, 2008 and we look at, not that we hope that they'll be there, we 
see them in the backlog. And so we intend to be able to convert the contingency, convert the bonus opportunities that 
are there in Q2, three and four. 

And as I mentioned earlier in my prepared remarks, when we saw Q1, which was obviously a negative surprise to us 
and we closed it, we kept looking for the absence of performance. It was not there. So, we looked at the portfolio that 
we expect in the subsequent quarters, and so the 17 is not repeating. The same with the under-absorption, we had two 
specific cases of large contracts and large teams on accelerated schedules ready to proceed and we were delayed 
starting. So, we have teams with no contract to liquidate to, we do not expect that to continue. And those two things 
primarily, really had a negative impact on the margins in Q1. We do not see a repeat of that for the balance of the year. 
And that's the reason we are confident guiding you to the margins that we've suggested for the year. 

<Q - Joe Ritchie>: Okay, I guess, is there any way you can tell us whether the Paradip award specifically whether that 
falls within your guidance range of 20 to 22%, or did you see some compression when you booked that award? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: The Paradip liquidation that Umberto mentioned before, just a moment ago, to the 
question, we've got the Paradip liquidation in the margins that we've guided you to for the year. 


<Q - Joe Ritchie>: Okay, I guess I was just trying to get some more incremental colors as to whether you have started 
to see those margins come down on the newer projects that you are booking? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: No this is – let's be clear, this first quarter issue is not a new bookings margin 
compression issue. It is not and it's not that we're unhappy with the IOCL margins, because we're not. This is a function 
of hundreds of contracts in the portfolio and the timing of those contracts and the opportunities to convert contingency 
to profit and bonus to profit. The opportunities just weren't there in Q1. This is not a competitive pressure forcing 
margins down issue, it's not that. And we wanted to make sure that we – we were concerned that the market may 
conclude that from the first quarter margins. It is not – that's not what this is about, is not. 

<Q - Joe Ritchie>: Okay, great thanks for that color. On the – switching over to the Power side you booked a strong 
margin this quarter of 15.8%, how sensitive is that 15.8% or your – I guess, how sensitive are your margin expectations 
for the rest of the year to that big potential Power project that you expected to book over the next, call it, two quarters? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: The good news – the bad news in the Power business is that the market's cold. The good 
news is, we have very low expectations for new bookings for the rest of the year, which means that the majority of the 
work we're going to liquidate in Power for the rest year is already in backlog. So, our ability to forecast margins for the 
year is pretty high, because it's not booking related if you will. So, the majority what we intend to liquidate is already in 
backlog. So, therefore, we've very comfortable forecasting those margins. 

<Q - Joe Ritchie>: Okay, good. And you mentioned when you were going through your eight mega projects that you 
had done a release on, I believe, it was Project #2 in April. You had mentioned to us last quarter that if you got full 
release on projects two and four that you'd book approximately 2.4 million man-hours on those two projects. Can you 
give us a sense for how much or what percentage of a release you actually got in April on Project #2? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: I just don't have that data. Basically what's happening is we're being released enough to 
continue to work at the speed the client wants us to work at. So, I mean, there's plenty left to release. It's just that 
they're giving us enough to keep us working at the rate they want us to work at but there's plenty left. So, it's not a big 
number, if you will. I mean, if they were going to release half the contract, they'd release all the contract. You follow 
me? 

<Q - Joe Ritchie>: Yeah, I follow you. But has your expectation changed at all in terms of being able to book the full 
contracts for both those projects by the end of the year? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: The expectation hasn't changed because we've gotten no reason from the client to 
believe that the client doesn't intend to finish the project. Now, what the client may choose to do is release us a quarter 
at a time, which means we'll end up doing the whole contract. We'll end up liquidating the whole amount. We'll just 
never enjoyed the big burst of putting it in backlog at a point in time for reasons that we totally don't understand why 
they might release it that way but for whatever reason they're choosing to do that. 

<Q - Joe Ritchie>: Okay, great, and then, one last question is, was the Iraq refinery included in part of your scope 
booking this quarter? 

<A - Umberto della Sala>: No. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Umberto is saying no. 

<Q - Joe Ritchie>: Okay, great. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: The answer is no. 

<Q - Joe Ritchie>: All right. Thanks for answering my questions today. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Thank you. 

Operator 


Our next question comes from Barry Bannister with Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Hello, gentlemen. Since year-to-date the euro is a little weaker and the sterling's a little 
stronger. Originally you guided to 60 million of negative currency for the year, it sounds like you're probably still on 
that figure? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: I defer to Franco. 

<A - Franco Baseotto>: Yes, Barry, I think Q1 is in line with the yearly expectation that we have given I guess a 
month ago. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: And then, you mentioned 134 million removed out of backlog from a twin Louisiana CFB, 
but my understanding is that that twin CFB was delivered to the clients in Central Louisiana, so why did you remove 
backlog? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Gary, are you on? 

<A - Gary Nedelka>: Yes, Ray. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Would you like to handle that please? 

<A - Gary Nedelka>: Yeah, sure, sure. We actually have two – had two CFB projects in Louisiana. This particular one 
was awarded to us last year and that's the one that had been suspended and now terminated by the client, not the one 
that was delivered over the course of the last three years. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Okay, and then, the one that was delivered over the course of the last three years was that the 
same client as the February 2009 that got deferred a little bit? 

<A - Gary Nedelka>: No, no, no. That one actually is fully delivered and is in the late stages of construction and 
looking to start-up later this year. There's been no delay in that one. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Okay, and then, just, Ray and Umberto, one for Ray, one for Umberto, just on a more top 
down basis, you're a company that specializes in low-grade fuel upgrades but high-grade fuel was cheap recently, it's 
getting more expensive thankfully. And, so my question would be to some degree has this lull in backlog and orders 
been attributable to the rapid pull-back in high-grade fuels causing the prospects for low-grade upgrading to be less 
attractive to the energy producers? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Not at all. We've seen absolutely no reduction in the demand for low-grade fuel 
upgrading, not at all. That business remains very, very strong for us. 

<A - Umberto della Sala>: As a matter of fact, Barry, a large portion of what we have in the backlog is related to 
low-grade fuel upgrading. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Okay, great. I just was wondering about new orders slowing, and that's caused the backlog to 
-

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: It's a very good question, and I understand the foundation of the question but for us, 
Barry, not at all. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: And then, just lastly, Umberto, you've been in this business a long time, and I've looked at a 
couple of cycles, very long cycles over a long period of time, and what I've noticed is that after commodity prices peak, 
the producers tend to overbuild and overspend, and the new wrinkle in this cycle was the denial of capital because the 
problem was a capital crisis. 

So they were unable to spend when they probably would have spent, had this been anything like the last two cycles. 
You said you had a record amount of FEED, which really struck me as very interesting. It indicates that they are 
willing to spend, that's almost all they know is to spend and yet that makes you a leveraged play on the reopening of the 
financial markets, it's really a financing issue. So, is that your impression, or do you have different one? 


<A - Umberto della Sala>: No, this is my impression but you should also consider, Barry, that a large portion of what 
we have in our backlog in terms of FEED is for national oil companies and less for international oil companies. And 
national oil companies tend to invest, being driven not only by the economics of the project, by a number of social 
consideration – this applies to many national oil companies. So, it's the combination of the two factors. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: But you wouldn't deny that even on national oil companies, the closing of financing windows 
has had a significant impact on some of their large projects, particularly downstream which they often JV with 
international oil companies? 

<A - Umberto della Sala>: Yes, yes. I'm assuming that you're referring to the quartz refinery well in Kuwait probably. 
But that was cancelled not only for financing issues, as you know. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: As well as the petrochemical operation? 

<A - Umberto della Sala>: Yes, yes. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: But, Barry, I'd say in addition to those issues, we have clients who remain extremely 
bullish on the future demand for products being produced, that if projects are let today, those projects won't be 
producing product for four, five years. It's just that clients have become, in some cases, unnerved, and somewhat 
cautious, because I mean, we're in a period of negative GDP growth. 

It doesn't change their long term view, but one can understand why they would go into a period of pause. But those 
same clients remain bullish on a long term view, which would cause them to do a FEED, which they know will take 
perhaps six months, nine months to give them a clear picture on the economics of the project, and it buys them an 
option on entering EPC at the conclusion of the FEED. 

So I see the FEED man-hours consistent with what is a client view of long term supply-demand balance for the 
commodity being produced. So, I can make sense out of the FEED man-hours being let and being executed. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Right, it just sounds like a financing issue as well. Okay, I'll get back with you later, thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from John Rogers with D. A. Davidson. 

<Q - John Rogers>: Hi, how are you? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Hello, John. 

<Q - John Rogers>: Just follow-up on a couple of things, first of all, in terms of the record level of man-hours on the 
E&C side, should we see those, does that imply record levels of burn-off as – later this year? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: No, I don't think it implies record level of burn-off, it's just that IOCL was the largest 


<Q - John Rogers>: Yeah. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: – contract ever booked by the client, by the company, rather, I'm sorry. And it's also – 
it's obviously a multiyear contract. So, I don't think – we can't man up to try to burn it off in two years, it's just not 
possible to do that. So, no, it doesn't imply record level of liquidations this year but what it does do is provide a very, 
very good base and a very large project for Redding and their subsidiaries to work on for the next three to four years. 

<Q - John Rogers>: Okay. So, it's just a little bit longer, extends out further? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Yes. 

<Q - John Rogers>: And the other thing that – you'd touched a little bit on some of your end markets, the upgraders 
and things, but can you spend just a minute talking about the various end markets, gas upstream-downstream, what – 


any general thoughts you're seeing there as opposed to by client? 


<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Well, I think a major market where clients remain optimistic about the long-term view is 
the demand for natural gas from LNG. 
<Q - John Rogers>: Yeah. 
<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Clearly, that is a market where clients consistently talk about very optimistic growth 


rates on the demand side, with projects being awarded being much less than the perception of future demand. As we 
mentioned to the question from Barry, we continue to see a very, very robust business in the heavy crude conversion, 
low-grade crude conversion product line that we have globally, we continue to see that. 

Where else would you see, Umberto? 
<A - Umberto della Sala>: Well, the petrochemical, with the exception of few projects, we see a slowdown. 
<Q - John Rogers>: Right. 
<A - Umberto della Sala>: Pharma not much, the usual as more projects – some service-side projects, and the oil and 


gas the portion which we serve it's kind of steady. 
<Q - John Rogers>: Yeah. 
<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Steady but at a very reasonable level, John. 
<Q - John Rogers>: Okay. So, the next opportunities on the mega project side, I mean, would they be more likely on 


the LNG in the upgrader side? 


<A - Umberto della Sala>: It could be on the LNG, it could be on the upgrader side. Actually, I would say that they 
are the most probable <
A - Raymond Milchovich>: Yes, for us 
<A - Umberto della Sala>: – for us. 
<Q - John Rogers>: Yeah, okay, and then, just finally, on the acquisition front, could you give us an update there? I 


mean, have you identified targets or still looking in the market, are you seeing more opportunities? 
<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Yes. I mean, we just closed an acquisition that we announced. 
<Q - John Rogers>: Right. 
<A - Raymond Milchovich>: On the upstream side. Relatively small, but very strategically important to us. We're 


pursuing a couple other opportunities, one of which is getting very close to a potential close. And if we continue to do 
that, then we're very systematically here going to generate a much larger critical mass on the upstream side that will 
help us begin to accomplish the objective that we had there, which was diversify our product lines, and gain critical 
mass on the upstream oil and gas side. 

<Q - John Rogers>: And are these – sorry, go ahead. 
<A - Raymond Milchovich>: So, no, I mean, if we close this year what I expect to close, we will have a much more 
productive year on the M&A side in '09 than we have in the two prior periods. And it just simply took us this long to 


get the kind of traction that we wanted and to get the prospects and to be able to bring the prospects across the finish 
line on the M&A side. So, I'm cautiously optimistic that we're going to have a much improved year there. 
<Q - John Rogers>: And are these likely to be larger transactions than what we've seen so far or just more of them? 
<A - Raymond Milchovich>: More of them, not larger, more of them. 
<Q - John Rogers>: Okay, great. Thank you. 



<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Thank you, John. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Will Gabrielski with Broadpoint. 

<Q - Will Gabrielski>: Thank you very much. In terms of the – start off with the share repurchase program, you guys 
didn't buy back any stock in the quarter. Is that cash preservation, waiting for acquisitions, are there other plans to buy 
back stock going forward? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: We continue to keep that option open, but it was primarily for the reasons that you 
mentioned. Dry powder for M&A, and as we've mentioned before, we're going to be very conservative on the cash 
balance we keep in this financial market, and we want to make sure that we keep a very good balance there. But we – 
it's an option we keep open as we go through the rest of the year. We just discussed that with our Board this morning. 

<Q - Will Gabrielski>: Okay, thank you. In terms of specific to Australia, specific to LNG, obviously, you've already 
talked about that a little bit, but last week there were some pretty positive news points out of Woodside related to Pluto 
2, Pluto 3 and you had spoken at the Analyst Day about Pluto 2, Pluto 3. I know I like to travel over there a lot as well. 
So, I'm curious, how is the relationship, any changes in timing relative to your past expectations, and any color you can 
give on that particular opportunity? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: I travel there a lot as well. I'll make my sixth trip there in the last seven quarters in two 
weeks. Things on Pluto 1 from the client perspective are going very, very well. We see that reported in the last week 
from the client. I intend to be with the client in two weeks at the site in Karratha and in Perth. 

I'm hopeful that when I'm there, I'll get a clearer picture on timing, but at this point I don't have anything new to report. 
But we're very happy with our position, the client seems to be very happy with our performance on what has been a 
very logistically challenging project. And I think we're very well positioned there. 

<Q - Will Gabrielski>: Okay, and then, generally outside of that, there are a number of large LNG opportunities this 
year. Are you guys limited on the capacity side, if you're counting on a Pluto 2/Pluto 3 project at some point in the next 
12 months? Or are you capable as it is today, to go out and bid on additional LNG opportunities? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Not only are we not limited to Pluto, and we're obviously reserving capacity for Pluto 2, 
because – not that we're taking that for granted from the client's perspective, but we owe that to the client in terms of 
loyalty to that client, and the work that we've done there. So, we're making a provisioning capacity for Pluto 2. And not 
only are we not limited, we're actually pursuing other LNG business as well, and were last year, and are now. So, no, 
we're not limited. 

<Q - Will Gabrielski>: Okay. And I would assume that that additional LNG business is not amongst your eight mega 
projects that are currently listed in the Q1 slides, right? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: It is not, but once again, it's important to me that the eight mega projects aren't 
misunderstood. We simply identified those a couple of quarters ago as highly impactful on our '09, but 


<Q - Will Gabrielski>: Yeah, that, that was what I was suggesting just to clarify 


<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Those are not the only very material opportunities sitting in front of the business, and in 
a quarter or two or three, prospects can lose momentum, but others can gain momentum. And in that period of time, 
others have gained momentum, so there are other opportunities that we're pursuing that weren't originally included on 
that list and therefore, we've not reported on those. 

<Q - Will Gabrielski>: Great, thank you. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Yeah, okay. 


<Q - Will Gabrielski>: No, it's very helpful. Lastly, if you could talk a little bit – obviously it's great to focus on mega 
projects here, mega projects there but I think one of the things that Foster has done a really good job of over the past 
year or two is forming some framework agreements and getting some early traction in countries like Algeria, Libya, 
also Iraq now. Just from a strategy standpoint can you walk through some of those opportunities? Are those markets 
better competitive markets for a company with your capabilities, and what are you expecting out of those markets, and 
with a clear focus obviously here on Algeria as well as the Sasol relationship? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: I will defer to Umberto because he's our expert in those geographies. 

<Q - Will Gabrielski>: Thank you. 

<A - Umberto della Sala>: Will, let's say we have focused our attention on certainly on North Africa, which does not 
include only Algeria but it includes also other countries like Libya. So, we have increased our sales presence there. We 
have bid in project there. They could be active market. We're also looking at West Africa, countries like Senegal, 
Cameroon, which could give us good opportunities. 

<Q - Will Gabrielski>: But I mean, like with Sasol for instance, can you explain the agreement in a little more detail, 
so I could understand kind of the size of your opportunity there? And do you guys have right of first refusal or you 
view it as the strategic EPC partner on every Sasol project regardless of who Sasol's partner is? How can we think 
about that relationship in kind of 


<A - Umberto della Sala>: I don't believe I can disclose all the aspects of the agreement we have with Sasol. Certainly 
we see a lot of projects, a lot of work in South Africa and outside South Africa working with Sasol on their technology. 
And so we're a preferential relationship with them when it comes to their technology. But I don't think I can go into the 
details of the relationship. But you are right, we see substantial amount of business is coming up in South Africa, and 
possibly China. 

<Q - Will Gabrielski>: Okay. And just a follow-up. I know somebody had already asked about the Iraq refinery 
project, but there was also an Iraq oil terminal project. Do you guys have that in backlog exiting Q1? 

<A - Umberto della Sala>: Yes, yes. 

<Q - Will Gabrielski>: Okay great. Thanks, guys. 

<A - Umberto della Sala>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Jeff Spittel with Natixis Bleichroeder. 

<Q - Jeffrey Spittel>: Good afternoon, guys. If I could follow-up I guess on your comments related to Barry's 
question. If you looked at the business toward the end of the year last year when things were obviously pretty 
challenging and you looked at your client behavior in the E&C market, is it fair to say that financial considerations and 
conservatism on their part were at the top of the list of concerns that were leading to project deferrals and measured 
releases? And as you look at the business today, has some of that started to abate to the point where you could say 
they're being a little bit more opportunistic, and they're looking at capital cost recoup as their primary driver, or why are 
they looking at measured releases? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: It's the great question. It's hard to generalize, because specific clients – I mean, it's hard 
to generalize with all clients in a generalization because there's very different reasons why different clients do what 
they do. I would say in the fourth quarter, there was much more concern about what was taking place in the global 
economy, and therefore, what was going to happen to commodity prices for input cost to projects, then than there is 
now. 


I would say today there is beginning to be some level of cautious optimism that the world GDP has – negative growth 
is bottoming, and is actually going to begin to rebound, which – that thinking wasn't there in the fourth quarter. And I 
would also say that it would generally seem to me that clients now believe that – there's less concern on the part of 
clients that if they let a contract today, they're going to pay 20% too much, than there was in the fourth quarter. 

So I think there's been a material difference in their view in those two areas, which I believe is the point you were 
touching on in your question, which is a very good question. 

<Q - Jeffrey Spittel>: No, thanks, that's very helpful Ray. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Not to say that we've got clients right where they were in the fourth quarter of '07, first 
quarter of '08 that's not it. That's not the case at all. But I'm hopeful that the worse of this may be very rapidly behind 
us, because the big question is, when do we hit bottom? 

<Q - Jeffrey Spittel>: Sure, no, I appreciate that and as an unrelated follow-up, looking at the agreement in the GPG 
with India, I understand that you're waiting on the government. If things were to proceed according to schedule there, 
are we talking potentially 2010 when we can start to see the first of the order flow from that agreement? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: I just don't know because I mean, we've got projections. But my experience is 
projections are one thing, you learn a market when you begin to transact business in a market. 

<Q - Jeffrey Spittel>: Sure. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: So what we need to do is get government approval, and then, the people in our sales 
group who are optimistic about what we might be able to do in terms of penetrating that market get the opportunity to 
deliver on what they've suggested they can deliver. Now, we'll find out once we start to transact business and we look 
at real prospects. So, I think it's premature to say. 

<Q - Jeffrey Spittel>: Okay, understood. Thanks very much for the color. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Martin Malloy with Johnson Rice. 

<Q - Martin Malloy>: Good morning. Could you explain in terms of the dollar of scope backlog per man-hour, why is 
decline so much for the E&C group over the last 12 months? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: I'm might ask Franco to add some color to that. 

<A - Franco Baseotto>: Martin, I think most of the decline that I believe you refer to particularly in Q1 '09 is really for 
solid reason rather than bookings margins reason and in particular, the big bookings in terms of man-hour that we just 
did in Q1, and for the Paradip project has a significant component of man-hour which are going to be executed of our 
Indian Engineering Center, which has a lower cost base and therefore, lower revenue in terms of scope revenues as 
measured with respect to those man-hour. So, you should not read in that trend really a booking margin issue, it's really 
more of a portfolio issue than anything else. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Now let me just stop and reinforce a couple of points that Franco made. Our concern 
was that you would look at the information and conclude what you just questioned and IOCL is not a margin issue. It's 
a cost base issue of man-hours to be liquidated because of the high amount of Indian content that was sold in the 
contract which impacts the revenue unit but does not imply lower margins. Is that clear? 

<Q - Jeffrey Spittel>: Yes, thank you. And next question, the cancellation that occurred in the Power side in the first 
quarter, were there any cancellation penalties that you booked? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Gary? 


<A - Gary Nedelka>: No penalties were booked. We reduced our backlog appropriately in the first quarter but there 
was no penalties involved here. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Understand we have a contract with a client, and I might say that we have what I think is 
a very well-written and a very good contract with the client and the client's chosen to cancel, we accept that. But we 
will now go into settlement discussions with the client and we'll settle but are there concerns we have about that? The 
answer is no. Right, Garry? 

<A - Gary Nedelka>: That's correct. 

<Q - Jeffrey Spittel>: Thank you 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz with Barclays Capital 

<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: Just two quick follow-ups if I could, the – just back to Iraq refinery, there's been a ton of press 
on it, but you didn't book it. So, I don't know if you can talk about it, Ray, but maybe the overall opportunity for this 
refinery in Iraq and why it hasn't been booked yet? 

<A - Umberto della Sala>: Well very simple because we have to follow very strict rules to be able to book a contract 
and because we have to make sure that not only we have a contract but the contract is fully operational, which means 
that all the provisions to be able to be paid on time should be there and we are not yet at that stage. So, the contract is 
signed but we need to fulfill certain technicalities to make sure that the contract is fully operational. 

<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: Umberto, any visibility on when you'll do that or I'm pushing too much? 

<A - Umberto della Sala>: I think you are pushing too much. 

<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: Okay. And just on the other income, it was a little bit lower than we had modeled. Is there 
anything that happened in the quarter with the equity income on the two JVs you have and can we expect a pick-up as 
we go throughout the year? 

<A - Franco Baseotto>: Andy, this is Franco. Equity income was a bit lower than the average of the prior year but 
that's really timing and as I look at our other income forecast for the year, I think we still maintain. We don't see 
material variances with anything – likely upwards, compared to '08. 

<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: Great. Thank you very much. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Barry Bannister with Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Guys, if I look at your second quarter '05 to second quarter '08, E&C scope backlog per 
man-hour, it was about US $133 and as of 1Q '09 it's down three quarters in a row to $100 a man-hour. It's about a 25% 
decline and to me that looks almost entirely like the fact that's your largely a Reading and continental European 
engineer that got slammed by currency. So, that decline in backlog man-hours and US dollars would you attribute most 
of that to currency? 

<A - Franco Baseotto>: I think, Barry, you're right. It's partly currency but partly it's portfolio as well because we have 
grown and in terms of relative weight of our portfolio the Asian operation and our Indian Engineering Center that's 
contributing also. But if you look so back in time, certainly part is currency and type of contractors, Umberto is now 
saying, in terms of some of the contracts that we did have in 2005. 


<A - Raymond Milchovich>: But, Barry, if we go back to 2005 and we look at the size of Asia Pacific for us, the size 
of India and the number of lump sum turnkeys that we had in the portfolio at that point that Umberto reminds us of, in 
addition to currency, there have been material changes in the fabric of the company since then. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Right, and if I look at Saudi Aramco, that company's run like a lot of international oil 
companies and they every explicitly have stated and they have very good management that they intend to embark on a 
Saudization where engineers going to EPC will have to partner with a Saudi E&C firm. 

You mentioned you're also targeting Libya which has recently said that but they change their mind frequently on what 
they're going to do. What is your local E&C business plan to essentially become more local to obtain the E&C work? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: We're very aware of Aramco's desires on a go-forward basis because they're a key client 
of ours. We're very aware of their desires with regard to Saudization. We have a Saudization plan with local partners, 
two specific instances that come to mind, and we will be well positioned to meet or exceed the Saudization 
requirements on us and to stay in very good stead with Aramco. I happened to be in Saudi Arabia just five weeks ago 
working on that very issue with the people on the ground there. So, we're very well positioned there. I can't speak to 
requirement in Libya but I'll turn to my Libyan expert. 

<A - Umberto della Sala>: Well, yes, we know about the Libya requirements. We're looking at it – honestly, Barry, I 
don't know where they're going to be for tomorrow for the day after tomorrow. But we again we know Libya very, 
very, very well. We have contacts in Libya, and so we are ready to start if this really materializes, really they show that 
they are serious about it. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Thank you, Barry. 

Operator 

We'll take our final question from Will Gabrielski with Broadpoint. 

<Q - Will Gabrielski>: Hey, thanks. A follow-up on the dollars per man-hour question, because I was going to 
actually ask that, but maybe a little more clarity could be derived from, what did the dollars per man-hour look like on 
BP Whiting for instance? If you could just give some color on that versus Paradip just maybe some geographical 
comparisons, or just some color? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: We're not prepared to disclose that specificity by contract Will. 

<Q - Will Gabrielski>: Okay. Can you give some color – just marginally higher, meaningfully higher? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: We could but we won't. 

<A - Umberto della Sala>: Right, the cost base in the US operating unit is certainly higher than the cost base in the 
Indian operating unit. So, by that measure of course, the selling rate is higher, but I don't think we are ready to discuss 
margin or revenues by single contract because we can't imagine that. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Will, let me just say this. We've grown tremendously in India. We have a very cost 
competitive operation in India. We used it to be competitive with IOCL and we won it obviously and we have a very 
high concentration of Indian content, which gives us a cost advantage on what was a very competitive situation. 

That's obviously very different than the cost base with which we did BP Whiting. So, I think the spirit of your question 
and the essence of your question, you're right on point. But we're not going to disclose that level of specificity by 
contract or even by geography. We're just not going to do that. 

<Q - Will Gabrielski>: Okay. Just – and I don't remember what quarter you guys had this slide going back to it may 
have been late '07 or early '08 but obviously everybody was expecting a massive CapEx shift from downstream to 


upstream and if you look at the mega projects you just booked in the quarter, obviously that's a downstream project and 
the forecast for oil demand this year et cetera have all had their impact. But so looking out 12 months, and then, say 
three years when you talk to clients do you still see that type of shift happening towards the upstream and how has that 
impacted kind of your acquisition strategy over the last few quarters? And has it altered your plans at all because 
obviously it seems that a fair number of the projects on your mega project list and a number of the projects I'm tracking 
are still downstream projects? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Well they are but let's put that in perspective. We've traditionally been and continue to 
be a very downstream-oriented company. 

<A - Umberto della Sala>: I think a midstream. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: A midstream yes. So, if – just so we're clear, we account for LNG liquefaction in 
midstream, along with some other business. So, today we are a very strong downstream company and becoming a 
much stronger midstream company. But I wouldn't say, Will, that we see a shift in demand and spending from those 
two segments to upstream. What we see is an upstream segment that appears to be very attractive. 

We see the same people with whom we compete in midstream and downstream; it's business that we understand, it's 
clients that we are very well positioned with. So, it's a natural growth area for us because it's growth in a segment that 
we understand with clients that we know and geographies that we know. But never have we intended to say we want to 
pursue that segment because we think there's going to be a shift in spending from downstream and midstream to 
upstream, it's just that we see steady spending in upstream which we find very attractive. 

<Q - Will Gabrielski>: Okay. And lastly, there has been some comments from competitors this quarter about 
petrochemical activity increasing in Asia and I think I've heard you guys kind of mention that as potentially one of the 
bigger opportunities you're looking at. Have you guys seen that same level of increased activity, I don't know how you 
really define activity but are you getting any sense that projects are moving forward in Asia a little more quickly than 
maybe you would have two or three months ago? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Well, first of all, I'll let Umberto deal with the specifics of that, but let's be clear. We've 
seen a very robust chemical and petrochemical market for the last three years. So, it's not as if things are just starting to 
move. If you look at Foster Wheeler's business in those segments over the last three to fourth quarter years, we've been 
up significantly from where we were in the periods prior to that. 

Now in terms of the future from today in that area, I might defer to Umberto on specifics that he sees in Asia-Pacific. 

<A - Umberto della Sala>: Will, honestly we don't see a substantial dramatic change in the petrochemical business. As 
I mentioned we see few prospects for large projects going ahead in Middle East, in the Far East and we think we are 
very well positioned to get the award for those projects. But I will see and I think it is similar to the one we saw three 
years ago. 

<Q - Will Gabrielski>: Right. So, I mean, essentially like, I guess the real question I'm asking and I guess you have to 
assume the premise is true also, but that there had been a slowdown in Asia petrochem activity which I'm not entirely 
convinced there has been a material slowdown in this industry despite the fact that stocks are down 60 to 80% across 
the board. So, from that standpoint, I guess if my premise is wrong that you had seen a slowdown, right, you can't see 
an uptick but you are still seeing a healthy level of activity in Asia, is that a fair statement? 

<A - Umberto della Sala>: Yes. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: We've enjoyed what is a very strong market and we've not seen a material change up or 
down in terms of demand in that market. 

<A - Umberto della Sala>: And by the way you know that we are working currently on the major petrochemical 
investment in that area. 

<Q - Will Gabrielski>: Great. And that's kind of those I was referring to. Okay. All right, great, thank you, so much. 


<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Thank you, Will. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, it appears that there are no further questions at this time. I'll now turn this call back over to Ray 
Milchovich. 

Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you. Well, hopefully we've done a very good job of describing the quarter. Let me just make one summary 
comment to try to put this in perspective. And I would say taking a step back and what we've seen of late and especially 
what we've talked – we talked a lot about the markets. 

Even though we see some impact on the strength of today's markets and client behavior in terms of award timing as a 
result of what's taking place in the world on macro level, if we look at Foster Wheeler's position, the strength of the 
prospect list and what we see as client demand for projects on a go-forward basis, we remain very optimistic about our 
position and about the position of this business when we get through currently what we're experiencing in the market 
today. 

Thank you very much for joining us and we look forward to seeing you soon. Thank you. Bye, bye. 

Operator 

That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


