Q3 2007 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• W. Scott Lamb, Vice President, Investor Relations 
• Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
• Umberto Della Sala, Chief Executive Officer, Global E&C Group 
• David J. Parham, Executive Vice President, Global Sales and Marketing 
• Franco Baseotto, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President 
• <Q > 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Margie and I'll be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the Foster Wheeler Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. 

It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Scott Lamb, VP of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your 
conference. 

W. Scott Lamb, Vice President, Investor Relations 
Good day, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Our news release announcing third quarter 2000 results was issued this 
morning and has been posted to our website at fwc.com. The presentation that we'll use on this call has also been 
posted in the Investor Relations section of our website. 

Before turning to the discussion of our financial results, I need to remind you that any comments made today about 
future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the 
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ substantially from such forward-looking 
statements. A discussion of factors that could cause actual results to vary is contained in Foster Wheeler's annual and 
quarterly reports filed with the SEC. The company's Form 10-Q for the third quarter of 2007 will be filed shortly with 
the SEC. 

Joining me on the call today are Ray Milchovich, Chairman and CEO; Umberto della Sala, President and Chief 
Operating Officer; and Franco Baseotto, who is Executive VP and CFO. Also here with us are Peter Ganz, Executive 
VP and General Counsel; Lisa Wood, VP and Controller. And we also have two members of senior management from 
our Global Power Business, Gary Nedelka. He is President and CEO Foster Wheeler North America Corp. and 
manages our North American and Asian Global Power Operating unit. And Dave Parham is Executive VP of Global 
Sales and Marketing in our Global Power Group. After our prepared remarks and the accompanying presentation slides, 
we'll have time to take your questions. 

Now, I'll turn the call over to Ray. 

Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Scott. Good morning, everyone, and thank you very much for joining us. I'll now turn to our prepared 
remarks in the presentation that Scott spoke about a moment ago and ask you to turn to page 3. 


As we look at Q3 2007 highlights of the company's performance, reflected inside the performance is just very simply 
continued strong operating performance throughout the company. Specifically, we set quarterly records in net income, 
earnings per share, EBITDA, backlog measured in scope, and bookings measured in scope. Specific to our Global E&C 
Group, we had record level of quarterly scope bookings, and our EBITDA in E&C was the second highest quarter level 
in company history. 

Turning to our Global Power Group, our EBITDA in the third quarter of 2007 almost tripled that of Q3 of 2006. And 
inside the results for Q3 of '07 in Global Power, we included $14 million of favorable settlements of project claims. But 
it should be noted that this $14-million gain is a result of our global team that actually works on these claims and I'd 
like to recognize the performance that they delivered to help us post this gain. 

The market conditions that support both business groups remain very strong. And today's announcement of a 
two-for-one stock split in my view simply reflects management's confidence in the outlook at Foster Wheeler. 

Turning to page 4, if we look at the volume of our business in terms of scope revenues, in Q3 of '07 our volume grew 
approximately 19% from the year-ago period to $865.3 million. 

Turning to page 5, when we look to adjusted consolidated net income, adjusted per the footnote below, we had an all 
time quarterly record which more than doubled the net income level of Q3 of 2006. 

Turning to page 6, when we look at adjusted diluted earnings per share, once again adjusted per the footnote below, we 
set a new quarterly record and more than doubled that of the EPS level of Q3 of 2006. 

Turning to page 7, looking at adjusted consolidated EBITDA, once again adjusted by the footnote below, we had a new 
quarterly record of $170.3 million, which once again more than doubled that of Q3 of '06. 

Now turning to page 8 and in moving to bookings and backlog – And let me just go back to what we told you when we 
closed the second quarter of 2007. And as I recall, some of you were concerned about our booking level in Q2 and 
concerned about our ability to book the rest of the year. We told you at that time we weren't at all concerned about 
booking this business, and we told you we expected a strong second half. With that, what you see here is, in the third 
quarter, we posted a record level for E&C and for the total company in terms of scope bookings, E&C booking 781 
million of scope in the quarter and in all of Foster Wheeler booking a billion, 84 million, once again in the quarter, in 
the third quarter of 2007. 

Turning to page 9, in terms of consolidated scope, this was also at a new record level as we exited Q3 of '07. We had 3 
billion, 39 million of scope in backlog at the end of Q3. And also to deal with what we thought was a misconception on 
the part of some of you coming out of Q2 in terms of the type of backlog that Foster Wheeler has to support the two 
businesses, we've done some additional analysis. And I'd like Umberto della Sala to speak to just briefly the fabric of 
the backlog that we have supporting the businesses coming out of Q3. Umberto? 

Umberto Della Sala, Chief Executive Officer, Global E&C Group 

Yeah, basically I think we have a very, very good portfolio of projects in our backlog, ranging from conceptual to full 
EPC. And as a matter of fact, the EPC work we have in our backlog exceeds 70%. And if we then move to page 11, 
page 11 represents a good example of projects that we have in our backlog. 

And as you can see, they range from large EPC projects for ExxonMobil, for GSK, for Petronor, which is a Drexel 
company, to FEED for large petrochemical complexes and gas processing facilities. So I should say that these represent 
from a [inaudible] scope of work the projects in our backlog and geographical diversification type of clients, it's a very 
good portfolio. 

Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 


Very good, Umberto. Thank you. Let me ask you to turn just briefly back to page 10. In terms of the business groups, 
we look at Q3 '07 EBITDA. For the E&C Group, they continue to perform excellently with EBITDA in the quarter up 
64% from the year ago period with EBITDA in E&C at 129.2 million in the quarter. 

Now turning to page 12, looking at Q3 for Global Power Group, their EBITDA nearly tripled versus that of Q3 of '06. 
We're very pleased with the progress posted in Global Power. And as I mentioned earlier, their results in Q3 of '07 
included the $14 million of favorable settlements on project claims, which lifted them to an EBITDA in the period of 
$58.4 million. 

Let me ask you to turn to page 13. I'm going to ask Dave Parham, who leads our global sales marketing function for all 
of Global Power, to talk about the significance of some of our recent major awards, David? 

David J. Parham, Executive Vice President, Global Sales and Marketing 

Oh, thanks Ray. Our markets and opportunities remain very strong. In the quarter we booked major projects in Europe, 
Asia, Latin America, which demonstrate our global diversity. Year-to-date our bookings are strong, up over 30% 
compared with the equivalent period in 2006. The bookings in the quarter reflect our strength in clean coal CFB 
technology and our expertise in utilizing opportunity fuels for power generation. And both of these markets remain 
strong. 

In the quarter we also entered into two demonstration initiatives for oxy-combustion technology. This technology will 
serve as a cornerstone in carbon capture and sequestration to address any future greenhouse gas legislature [sic] 
(legislation). We remain very bullish on the markets we serve and our bookings going forward. 

Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Okay, let me ask you now to turn to page 14. I'll ask Franco Baseotto to make a comment or two about our global cash 
position. Franco? 

Franco Baseotto, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President 

Thank you, Ray. We closed the quarter with 883 million of cash and cash equivalent, which is a 40% increase 
compared to cash balances at the end of '06 and a 13% increase with respect to the prior quarter. I think our cash 
position continues to improve, and this is consistent with the strong markets that we serve and the effective contract 
execution that both business group have delivered throughout the year. 

Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Franco. And let me ask you to turn to page 15. And I'll try to summarize the quarter in terms of key 
takeaways. The demand continues to be very strong for both business groups. Global E&C simply continues to perform 
at excellent levels. Global Power Group, in my view, in the third quarter took another major step in terms of their 
significant performance improvement. And I think our two-for-one stock split that we announced in the quarter as well 
is indicative of our confidence in the outlook for Foster Wheeler. Scott? 

W. Scott Lamb, Vice President, Investor Relations 
All right, operator, we're ready to go to Q&A. 

Q&A 


Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Barry Bannister of Stifel Nicholas. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Hi, guys. Nice quarter. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Thank you, Barry. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: I noticed that your contract capital, which we define as trade receivables plus contracts and 
process minus payables minus billings in excess as a percentage of revenues, remains negative. I think it's 5.4% 
negative, which is very good performance. It's part of why your cash is growing. And that is despite shrinking the 
LSTK part of the business, which normally receives upfront payment. So do you see on the horizon any great use of 
cash to facilitate contracts that would change that? 

<A - Franco Baseotto>: Barry, it is Franco. I think we did discuss that there has been a rebalance of the portfolio, 
which resulted actually in working capital absorption, which were particularly relevant in Q1. As we also said, there is 
a lot of variation on a quarter-to-quarter basis. But the fact that our working capital has remained flat is the result of 
also of the fact that our power business is a fixed price business, so we continue to enjoy a positive working capital 
position there. And going forward, we do not expect any material changes in our working capital except for the 
quarter-to-quarter variation, which again will continue to occur. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Okay. And, Ray, about an hour ago the management of a large E&C firm said that they think 
that global downstream potential awards could peak in 2008. And a questioner noted that long-dated oil futures are well 
over $80, which is about two times the level that any project is justifiable at. So would you agree with the comment that 
we're at an imminent peak for downstream? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: The other major E&C company that made that comment can speak for themselves. What 
I would suggest is, Barry, we see no data that would suggest to me that we could reliably predict a peak in '08 based on 
what we see in imminent awards and, more importantly, what we see in what we refer to is our sales funnel, which are 
prospects that we think will turn into major potential awards. Let me turn to Umberto to talk about project trends, and 
see if he sees things differently. Umberto? 

<A - Umberto Della Sala>: Well, Barry, it is a fact that companies like Saudi Aramco have recently announced major 
investment programs. Certainly you know about the $90-billion program over the next five years that Aramco recently 
announced, 20 billion of which, if I recall well, are related to downstream projects. So certainly prospects for the near 
future are very good. Now what's happening on the market is, number one, the size of the projects has changed. So 
what we are seeing is that we have to face with projects which are larger and larger. And this is a change with respect 
to the past. Now you look at projects always in the range of several billion dollars, while few years ago you were 
looking projects in the range of $100 million. And this is number one. And probably as a consequence also, the size of 
these projects, the time required to sanction this investment is taking a little bit longer than usual. What we see are 
typically we have to go through several iterations in the final estimate to value engineering, the scope, the adjustment to 
enable our client to sanction the project. But bottom line, I believe that your perception is basically correct. The market 
is going to be strong in the reasonable future. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: And what I would say, Barry is, I mean, I take Umberto's point on the trend in the 
market in terms of size, complexity, and therefore what we believe is a reasonable change, which is the time inside the 
client's process to get the projects approved because of their size, because of their complexity. But we see no data that 
would say to us that we could reliably say, "We see a peaking coming in the downstream markets in a way." We just 
don't see that. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: So larger projects migrating to the Middle East seems to be the way it's going. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Yeah. We would say a trend that we clearly see is the projects are larger and more 
complex. And then therefore we see the approval processes being more tedious and taking longer. But we think that's 
reasonable. I mean, if we were taking these kinds of projects to our Board, it would simply take longer because of the 


size and complexity of the project themselves. We think that's reasonable. 
<A>: In U.S., where it tends to be just the expansion within the fence and de-bottlenecking because of other restrictions 
<A>: [inaudible] made the expansion. 
<A>: Yeah. 
<A>: Yes. Correct. 
<A>: And so the size of those expansions. 
<A>: Yeah. 
<Q - Barry Bannister>: Thank you. 
<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Barry, let me repeat. We don't see any data that says to us we should expect a peak in 


'08. We don't see that. 
<Q - Barry Bannister>: Okay. 
<A - Raymond Milchovich>: We do see the trend that Umberto described. 
<Q - Barry Bannister>: Appreciate it, Ray. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz of Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - Andrew Kaplowitz>: Good morning, guys. Nice quarter. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Thanks, Andy. 

<Q - Andrew Kaplowitz>: On the Power side, I think the margins were exceptional, even excluding the $14 million. 
So I guess the question, Ray, is, are we at a sustainable level now in margins? I know that you expected the margins to 
improve. Where are we in the process? Are we still improving? Is it just lumpy? How should we look at the Power 
margins going forward? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: We're pleased with the progress. And as we stated, we expected the margins to get better 
in '07. What we expected to occur is currently occurring. We know what we're booking in Power. The margins we're 
booking are materially better than those we're posting in '07, and therefore we expect margins – realized – to continue 
to improve as we go forward. Now there's going to be quarter-to-quarter variation. It's going to take time for projects to 
flow through the portfolio. But I would not say to you that we expect what we saw in Q3 to be sustainable. I expect '08 
and beyond margins to be better than what we posted in Q3. 

<A>: Excluding the $14 million of... 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: If we normalize for the 14 million of project claims, which we would. 

<Q - Andrew Kaplowitz>: I understand. That's great! 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Yeah. Yeah. 

<Q - Andrew Kaplowitz>: And then just in overall the Global Power outlook, obviously there's talk occasionally of 
coal delays, and I know that you also have a good European business. So maybe if you can just give us more of an 
update on what you see for Global Power for the next couple of years. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Okay. Well, I mean, we're bullish with regard to what we believe the demand is for our 
business in this space. And let me have Dave Parham speak specifically to that. And let me also ask Dave to speak 


specifically to what we believe is a view that there are a number of cancellations and therefore that's dampening 
demand in this business, which frankly we don't think is most relevant to our position in this business. David? 

<A - David Parham>: The global market remains strong across the board for the power sector, especially when we 
look at [inaudible] opportunity fuels. With the CFP technology, there' a very large demand for that product right now in 
the global marketplace. As Ray mentioned, there has been some cancellations and some delays in the U.S. projects. But 
when you look at it in comparison, compared to those that have been announced and are in the pipeline, it is a small 
percentage of projects that have been canceled. And the current existing projects that are still viable in the pipeline are 
about six times greater than projects we have seen in the early 2000 in the U.S. market for coal-based. As you stated, 
Europe still remains strong, Latin America remains strong, and Asia is exceptionally strong in the market. And we have 
a presence in all of those regions. So we consider the market to remain very strong for our products, and especially for 
the clean coal CFB technology. 

<Q - Raymond Milchovich>: But, Dave, speak to the cancellations and specifically the product type that your data 
would suggest were cancelled, and how that's separate and apart from our position in space because I think it speaks to 
Andy's question better. Speak to that. 

<A - David Parham>: A majority, if not all of the projects that have been cancelled were announced cancellations in 
the last two quarters, have been the launched pulverized coal projects, which a lot of them due to cost increases in the 
market space, whether that's a combination of material cost and construction. What we haven't seen affected is the 
circulating fluid bed products, which still offer economy benefits to the owners because of their ability to fire 
opportunity fuels in an environmentally sensitive manner. So I hope I addressed that question, Ray, [inaudible] in 
majority. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Yeah, or said in another way, Andy, we recognize the cancellations. However when we 
look at the cancellations, they're primarily, if not exclusively, in the pulverized coal product line. Now we offer that 
product but, as I know you know, that's really not the sweet spot of our product offering in the global marketplace. It's 
more the CFB product line, which quite frankly has not yet been materially impacted by the cancellations, which is the 
reason why we think we see the market perhaps more bullish than some others do. 

<Q - Andrew Kaplowitz>: Great, thank you. One more question then before I'll get back in queue. The other income 
was a little high in the quarter compared to its usual run rate. Could you just remind us what's in there so we know how 
to model it going forward? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: I am going to ask Franco to deal with that, Andy. 

<A - Franco Baseotto>: Andy, that income (you are correct) was very strong for the quarter and it is lead by increased 
interest income. Our liquidity position is increasing, and therefore our interest income is increasing as well. But also 
equity earnings on minority ownership interest in our power project mainly in Chile and Italy did provide increased 
income in the quarter. I would like to make two remarks with respect to the other income for Q3. One, as will be noted 
and is noted in the Q, we have recorded 4 million of the favorable claim settlements in Global Power in other income, 
so that really is an operating item which is of a non-recurring nature. And with respect to the equity earnings of our 
Italian power project, these earnings were favorably impacted in Q3 by a resolution on an electricity tariff, which 
occurred in Q3 and therefore was booked in Q3, but that is related to a change in tariff, which has a retroactive effect to 
start of the year. And therefore in Q3, equity earnings for our Italian bureau, we have approximately 4.4 million of 
earnings, which again are an operating nature, but they are non-recurrent in that they relate to Q1 and Q2. 

<Q - Andrew Kaplowitz>: Great! And so, Franco if I were to analyze that I'd said that maybe $8 million is of the 
non-recurring type. But other than that, going forward that same sort of new run rate to think about in other income? 

<A - Franco Baseotti>: Again other income, like any other component of our P&L, has quarter-to-quarter variation. 
But you are correct. Those that I mentioned and I have singled out and we have also singled out in our material in the Q 
are the non-recurrent item in the current quarter. 

<Q - Andrew Kaplowitz>: Great! Thank you very much. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from Brian Chin of Citi. 

<Q - Brian Chin>: Hi, good morning. There's been a lot chatter recently on Pluto and how the announcements are at. 
Can you just give us an up-to-date concrete statement on just where are the announcements at with regards to the piece 
that you're bidding on and what's the status there? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Well, Brian, we'll tell you what we can about Pluto, and I'll turn to Umberto to do that. 

<A - Umberto Della Sala>: Yeah, okay, Brian. As you know, Pluto has recently received the final environmental 
permit, so the project is allowed to move into destruction. You certainly know that we have been working on the field 
for many months. What I can say is that again successfully – What I can say is that we had been focusing our activities 
through the last several months mainly in supporting good side to the final investment decision process, which should – 
As we explained before, it's fairly long and complex process. Today we continue to work as an expansion of the FEED 
contract that we have for the site. And I think this is what I can say. So the relationship with the site is very good. I 
think they are satisfied with our performance and we continue to work with them, with an expansion of the FEED. 

<Q - Brian Chin>: To clarify, you guys are looking at the onshore piece of that project and companies... 

<A - Umberto Della Sala>: Correct. 

<Q - Brian Chin>: [inaudible] for example they are looking at the offshore piece of the project? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Correct. 

<Q - Brian Chin>: Great! Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from John Rogers with D.A. Davidson. 

<Q - John Rogers>: Hi, good morning. Congratulations on the quarter. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Thanks, John. Good morning. 

<Q - John Rogers>: Ray, could you talk a little bit just about bidding practices. You noted that you expect to see 
margins continuing to improve. And is that still with the same sort of mix of cost plus work, or are you able to get some 
fixed price contracts in there to help...? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Okay, let me be perhaps a little more specific. 

<Q - John Rogers>: Okay. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: We have stated before, and we continue to believe, that E&C margins are sustainable at 
current levels. And as we stated before, that's even after absorbing what is a relatively material mix shift inside the 
E&C portfolio, from a reasonably significant level of lump-sum turnkeys to almost virtually a complete reimbursable 
backlog. Now once again I'll stress, that's not that we've driven it that way; that has been client preference that's driven 
it that way. But we see E&C margins as sustainable at or near current levels. 

Global Power on the other hand is primarily a fixed price business. It's a design and supply or design and supply and 
erect business. But it's in large part more of a fixed price business. And we've expressed that we weren't terribly happy 
with the margins realized in that business in '06. We expected improvement in '07. I think we've achieved year-to-date 
just under about a 30% increase in those margins over the year-ago period in '06. We're pleased with the progress. But 
we've also said we expect those margins to get even better because we are tracking margins booked, and margins 
booked would give us the opportunity to have those margins be better as we go forward. So it's really somewhat of a 
different story, business-group-to-business-group, John. 


<Q - John Rogers>: Right. But in terms of... 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Now in... 

<Q - John Rogers>: Okay, go ahead. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: In terms of what's driving that, let me go business-group-by-business-group because I 
think it's a little different for us group-to-group. I have stated, and I continue to believe, that our E&C group performs 
the commercial function excellently. I mean, I think they do that very, very, very well. I think it's been reflected in the 
quality of the results that we've achieved. And frankly I think it's reflected on our margins at E&C. 

On the Power side, we've been working very, very hard to improve that process, and at the same time we've seen that 
market is strengthen for us. So we've got a double positive that we're enjoying on the Power side, which is a stronger 
market. And so we're taking advantage of that stronger market to make sure that we get paid appropriately for the 
services that we provide. And we're very rapidly trying to move our best practices from the E&C side over to the Power 
side to make sure that the quality of the bookings there improves as well. So I think what we are seeing on the Power 
side is the benefit of both the market strength, as well as a very material improvement in the way we conduct ourselves 
commercially. Therefore I believe that that which is being put in the backlog today we will enjoy as we go forward in 
'08 and '09. 

<Q - John Rogers>: Okay, but – And that's assuming the same mix, especially on the E&C side of fixed price...? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Right now I think, as we look at the market, I think we would assume that the mix for 
let's say the next 12 to 18 months in E&C is likely to stay about where it is today in terms of fixed price versus 
reimbursable. And I think as we look at Power, we would assume the same. We see nothing in either business groups 
that would suggest the contract types booked is going to change materially over the next 12 to 18 months. But once 
again I'll stress it's very different business-group-to-business-group. 

<Q - John Rogers>: Okay. And you cited during I think some of your past presentations that most of your current 
works continue to be driven by the oil and gas sector and chemical. And I was just wondering what about the some of 
the other market segments? I know they're much smaller now, but any change there or are they still just comparatively 
much more modest? 

<A - Umberto Della Sala>: It's Umberto. I believe when we start seeing some additional activity, increased activity in 
the pharma. We discussed several times about the weakness of the pharma market. We'll start seeing some major 
investments coming up in the market. And so that's the only real major change in the market that we're seeing. 

<Q - John Rogers>: Okay, great! Thank you. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Okay, John. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Nick Capuano of Imperial Capital. 

<Q - Nicholas Capuano>: Hey, great quarter guys! 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Thanks, Nick. 

<Q - Nicholas Capuano>: Hey, most of my questions have been answered. Just one clarification on the Global Power, 
on the claim, 40-million gain in the claims. So 4 million of that went through other income. if I wanted to look at just 
the Global Power margin without the claims, I would just take 10 million out of the Global Power EBITDA, correct? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Let me turn to Franco and we'll help you with that. 


<A - Franco Baseotti>: That 14.4 has been recorded in the P&L. 9 million is in contra profit, and the balance is other 
income at the deduction of 4 million in other income. Another is a small portion, which is the balance in other 
deduction. 

<Q - Nicholas Capuano>: Okay. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Let's be specific, in terms of – If we normalize the GPG margin for Q3 it is...? 

<A - France Baseotti>: 12.7% excluding the claim settlement and compared to a reporting of 16.9. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: So if we look at this on a recurring operations basis, Nick, which is the way we look it, 
which I think is the way you are trying to looking at it... 

<Q - Nicholas Capuano>: Right. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: ...think of the quarter as a 12.7% quarter. 

<Q - Nicholas Capuano>: Okay, perfect. Thanks. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from [inaudible] 

<Q>: Good morning, guys. Ray, can you help us understand on the E&C side, I mean, from '06 to '07 we saw a pretty 
significant margin expansion. EBITDA margins went from 21% to close to 26%. For the first nine months, I mean, the 
margins are high, but they have been sort of flat to declining, I mean should we expect the rate of growth to continue? 
Or what's your sense on the rate of growth in margin in E&C? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Okay. So let me deal with two points in your question. Yes, we agree we saw a 
significant margin growth in E&C from '06 to year-to-date average '07. And we agree with that. Now let me just say 
this. As we analyze Q1, Q2, Q3 of '07, there is nothing in those numbers other than what we would call normal 
quarterly variation in margins. And we're going to continue to see that kind of variation quarter-to-quarter. However, 
what we've also said is, as you think about us going forward, again specifically '07 into '08, our view is E&C's margins 
should be sustainable as we go into '08. Now I will remind you that that is after what is a reasonably material mix 
change in E&C in what we project will be the '08 mix versus the '06 mix. And specifically the '06 mix had a much 
larger portion of LSTK projects in the mix, and they were very successful LSTKs with very good margins. We didn't 
enjoy that in '07, and we won't enjoy that in '08 simply because of the product mix inside our backlog. But as you think 
about us going into '08, you should think about us with the expectation that our margins in E&C will be sustainable '07 
into '08. 

<Q>: Okay. I mean, as we kind of think about the cycle, as you mentioned for Power, if I wanted to extend the same 
thought process in E&C looking beyond '08 into '09, should we think about margin growth is pretty much behind us or 
should we think about margin remaining pretty much flat in '08 and '09? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: I wouldn't want to speculate in the '09 margins at this point in E&C; it's too far. We've 
got a reasonably good view into '08. But if we start to project '09, we would simply be speculating at this point, and I 
don't want to do that and I don't think that would be helpful to you. And the reason our two business groups are in 
different places is not because of the strength of the markets. The markets supporting both businesses are very strong. 
It's because in my view of where Global Power is in its entire evolution as a business. I mean, basically what we're 
trying to do is run the Global Power Group to the same excellent commercial standards that our E&C Group has been 
enjoying for some time. But it's not a reflection of market strength. The markets that support both businesses are very 
strong, and have been. And I hope that clarifies. 

<Q>: Okay, thank you. That is helpful. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Good. Thank you. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from [inaudible] 

<Q > 
Hi, my question's been answered. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is a follow-up from Andy Kaplowitz of Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - Andrew Kaplowitz>: Ray, could you just give us an update on the Ireland project? Just wondering where that is. 
How is the technical fixes doing? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: Well, my view, Andy, is there was progress made on that entire situation during the 
quarter. Now obviously there was no impact in the reported financial results, but let me describe the progress. We had 
both plants down on outage. So our teams that are performing to work at the plant sites were able to get inside the 
plants, do thorough inspections of the plants, work with the client, agreed on repairs, made the repairs on time, and got 
the plants back in operations at or ahead of the desired dates by the client. The plants are both operating right now; they 
are operating very, very well. And maybe for the first time, we have a very comprehensive picture in terms of the inside 
of the plants because of the work that we did there. We think we have worked ourselves to the point where we have a 
very good picture of the technical fixes. And as planned, we're entering into commercial discussions with the client in 
the fourth quarter to attempt to move that process along in terms of getting the technical fixes planned and, more 
importantly, getting very clear who's going to pay for those technical fixes. So I think there's been a tremendous 
amount of progress made on that situation. And as a result, I'm feeling better about, if you will, our position to move 
this along and bring this whole situation to a resolution. 

<Q - Andrew Kaplowitz>: Thanks. That's helpful. 

Operator 

Our next question is a follow-up from Barry Bannister of Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: The 21.5% tax rate was low, but it wasn't really inconsistent with what other largely 
international Bermuda-based companies have been in the past. Can you talk about the tax consequences of the project 
claims? And can you talk about that run rate for taxes on a go-forward basis that you would expect? 

<A - Franco Baseotto>: Okay, Barry, this is Franco. The tax rate for the quarter was below our year-to-date average. 
And this was also due to the fact that, as we had noted in the Q, both the claim settlement and the favorable gain on 
asbestos of 8.6 million were not tax affected. And this contributed to a lower tax rate in Q3 with respect to our average, 
which year-to-date is in the mid 20s. And we don't expect material changes for '07 in that mid 20s tax effective rate. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Okay, and then, Ray, as I looking around the world, I was surprised by the size of the 
petrochemical award. But then I was also surprised, as Umberto pointed out, at how along it's taken to get some of the 
Middle East refineries going. So we still think that there is very large amounts of LNG refining capacity to be added. 
Can you kind of quick walk around the world and tell us where you see opportunities particular LNG and refining and 
even petrochemical, since that did surprise us? 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: I might to turn to Umberto, who I think is just a whole level closer to than I am. 
Umberto? 


<A - Umberto Della Sala>: Well, in terms of refineries, certainly Middle East is the key place for refinery. I 
mentioned the Saudi Aramco investment in downstream. Certainly you are familiar with the fourth refinery in Kuwait. 
[inaudible] the project in Kuwait. The fourth refinery indeed is going to be launched in these days. We see refinery 
projects being started in Latin America (large refinery projects in Latin America) and India. So I would say that we 
don't see, of course, major refinery projects in Europe. Even if we are seeing some of the projects which were put on 
hold a few months ago being restarted with reduced scope of work. Petrochemical, certainly [inaudible] very strong. If 
you judge the level of investment from the type, from the number of FEEDs that we are supposed to – we have got in 
recent month, these are few indications that the petrochemical is still strong. And again we are talking about Far East 
and Middle East. 

I did mention pharma. We started seeing pharma investments in the typical pharma hubs. Singapore is one of them. 
And this is a change in the market. 

LNG – now LNG is the probably the area where the investment decision process has taken longer than any other 
project. But this, as you can understand, is justified by the complexity and size of these projects. The fact is that 
probably the demand in LNG has grown faster than the pace of approval of these projects. We did talk about Pluto. 
There are other projects in the country such as Nigeria. Some of them are in the field development phase. There are 
projects which we started seeing in Australia, in Middle East. But as I said, the pace of approval of these investments is 
taking longer than expected. I don't know, Barry, if I did answer your question. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: You did. Has there been any tilt between LNG and refining in a preference for more of fixed 
cost portion in your view? 

<A - Umberto Della Sala>: Well, listen. Well the latest developments we are seeing in the markets are quite 
interesting from my point of view. You may remember that in the past we are talking about competitive long-term 
[inaudible] projects. You do the FEED, you prepare an open book, you agree on multipliers to talk on cost, and then 
you compare to certain stage of [inaudible]. Now what we are seeing, the clients are developing even more 
sophisticated contractual arrangements, which tend to eliminate the market risk from the contract because when I talk 
about market risk, I talk about costs and delivery times. So instead of fixing a lot of the contract – say six months doing 
the engineering, [inaudible] competitive schemes you see that that you actually [inaudible] responsibility when you 
actually place the order. So until you place the order, you don't have a responsibility. But as soon as you place the 
order, then you become responsible for the cost and for the schedule. And some of the refining projects that we are in 
the process of bidding are [inaudible] more sophisticated form contracted schemes. [inaudible] honestly is we are not 
seeing any major license to key or return to [inaudible]. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: So by offering a cost-plus with the bonus, do you think the clients are avoiding contingencies 
and there by the E&C is getting a good LSTK-type margin without all the risk? 

<A - Umberto Della Sala>: Well, this is what we try to get. But the issue is that who manages the contingence. And in 
this the current market condition, I believe that the clients are better off by managing the contingency by themselves 
and spend the contingency to where needed, rather than pay the contingency upfront to the contractor. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Right, okay. Great! 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: And obviously the clients must feel the same way because that's the trend that we see 
them taking. 

<A - Umberto Della Sala>: And our position, Barry, is that if we deliver the projects on time, on schedule, we 
[inaudible] of the client, we should get an additional payment. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Yes, that's good to know. Thanks. 

<A - Raymond Milchovich>: And that's what we are doing. 


Operator 

The final question is a follow-up from John Rogers of D.A. Davidson. 

<Q - John Rogers>: Hi, thanks. Just one follow-up. Have you done an analysis of the impact of the change in 
currencies in the quarter on the international, your locations in Europe? Was it positive, negative? 

<A - Franco Baseotti>: We certainly had a positive impact because a vast majority of our earnings are generated in 
currencies which are currently stronger than the U.S. dollar. So, yes, we did have a positive impact by the softening of 
the U.S. dollar in the quarter. 

<Q - John Rogers>: Any sense how much that was? 

<A - Franco Baseotti>: We had recorded 19.5 million in our comprehensive income for Q3 '07. 

<Q - John Rogers>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

At this time, ladies and gentlemen, there appear to be no further questions. 

W. Scott Lamb, Vice President, Investor Relations 
Okay. Thank you, operator, I'll turn it back to Ray for some closing remarks. 

Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Okay. Thank you, everyone, for joining us and have a good day. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


