Q4 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Scott Lamb, Vice President, Investor Relations 
• Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
• Umberto della Sala 
• Franco Baseotto 
• Gary Nedelka 
Other Participants 

• Andy Kaplowitz 
• Will Gabrielski 
• Steven Fisher 
• Barry Bannister 
• John Rogers 
• Richard Roy 
• Jeff Spittel 
• Roger Read 
• Avram Fisher 
• Chase Jacobson 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Jody , and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the Foster Wheeler Fourth Quarter Year-End 2009 Investor Call. [Operator Instructions] After the 
speakers' remarks there will a question-and-answer period. Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to 
Scott Lamb, Vice President of Investor Relations. 

Scott Lamb, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Well, good day, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Our news release announcing financial results for the quarter and full 
year was issued this morning and has been posted to our website at fwc.com. The presentation that we'll use this 
morning has also been posted in the Investor Relations section of our website. 

Before turning to the discussion, I need to remind you that any comments made today about future operating results or 
other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation 
Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ substantially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of 
factors that can cause actual results to vary is contained in Foster Wheeler's annual and quarterly reports filed with the 
SEC. Our Form 10-K is being filed with the SEC today. 

Joining us on the call today from our office here in Zug are Ray Milchovich, Chairman and CEO; Umberto della Sala, 
President and Chief Operating Officer; Franco Baseotto, Executive VP, CFO and Treasurer; and Lisa Wood, VP and 
Controller. Also participating by telephone for Q&A is Gary Nedelka, who is CEO of our Global Power Group. After 


our prepared remarks, we'll have time to take your questions, and I will turn the call over to Ray. 

Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Scott. Good day, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Let me first start with highlights from 2009 full 
year. First with our financial performance, our fully diluted adjusted earnings per share of $2.96 per share. We enjoyed 
adjusted net income of $376.5 million, adjusted consolidated EBITDA of $530.2 million. We finished the year with 
cash and cash equivalents of $1 billion, and we had pre-tax income unfavorably affected by approximately $102 
million by non-operating items, specifically currency translation, pension expense and lower interest income versus full 
year 2008. 

In terms of highlights, we enjoyed excellent operating and commercial performance in both business groups, and I 
believe that both business groups did a very good job of capturing the full potential of a somewhat slowing market 
during 2009. We won a combined total of 12 major safety awards. We redomesticated the company to Switzerland and 
announced relocation of operating headquarters to Geneva. This provides a corporate center that is more centrally 
located within our worldwide operations and positions us well to maintain an extremely competitive worldwide 
effective tax rate. 

We've built the largest project in the history of the E&C Group, the Paradip refinery in India. We completed two 
acquisitions to grow our upstream oil and gas capabilities, and we successfully commissioned the world's largest CFB 
boiler, the Lagisza boiler in Poland. 

Now turning to the highlights of Q4 of the year. Our financial performance, we enjoyed fully diluted, adjusted EPS of 
$0.67 per share; adjusted net income of $86.2 million; adjusted consolidated EBITDA of $129.2 million; and a pre-tax 
income unfavorably affected by approximately $18 million of non-operating items, specifically currency translation, 
higher pension expense, and lower interest income, versus the average quarter of 2008. We continued excellence in 
operating and commercial performance in both business groups, and I believe that both business groups continue to do 
an excellent job capturing the full potential of a somewhat slow market. 

Turning to the details of Q4. Our Q4 adjusted net income of $0.67 per fully diluted share. We had $18 million of 
unfavorable pre-tax impact of non-operating items, versus the average quarter of 2008, specifically 8.4 million 
reduction in interest income, approximately five million of currency translation, and 4.6 million of pension expense. 
We had a $9.8 million charge for severance costs. In addition we had a $12 million impact of higher Q4 effective tax 
rate of 29.1% versus the average effective rate in 2008, and we had a full year 2009 effective tax rate of 20.6%. 

Turning to our Global E&C Group's performance in Q4, Global E&C had Q4 EBITDA of $95.1 million. The results 
included a gain of 11.3 million on a claim settlement, and a $6.1 million severance charge for right-sizing engineering 
and technical staff during the first half of 2010. We do not expect this right-sizing to have a material impact on 2010 
scope revenues, and actually some engineering centers within E&C are adding staff. Our EBITDA margin on scope 
revenue was 19.4% in Q4, versus 24% for the average quarter of 2008. 

Turning to new orders and backlog in Q4 for the E&C Group, we have a very good prospect list, but timing of awards 
continues to be somewhat slower than anticipated. Some projects in backlog at FEED stage are proceeding slower than 
expected because of more time needed by clients to arrive to the final investment decision. But substantial number of 
new projects are emerging at the steady/front-end phase. We continue to see increased competitive pressure, and I 
believe we did an excellent job capturing the full potential of a somewhat slowing market. 

In Global E&C, looking at the new orders in Foster Wheeler scope, full year 2009 new orders of 1.975 billion versus 

2.103 billion in 2008 full year. Turning to Global E&C Group, our backlog in Foster Wheeler scope as you can see by 
the chart shown below, we actually finished Q4 '09 with scope backlog slightly higher than we finished Q4 of '08. 
Now turning to the Global Power Group performance in Q4, we had Q4 EBITDA of $51.9 million. Our results were 
below the average quarter of 2008 due to lower volume. Our Q4 EBITDA margin on scope revenue of 24.1% versus 
14.1% for the average quarter of 2008. In terms of new orders and backlog in Q4 for Global Power, we experienced 


continued weak demand globally for solid-fuel boilers. 

We continue to enjoy a very high capture rate when CFB projects proceed. A couple of examples, the Twin boiler 
project in Vietnam that we booked in Q4, the carbon-capture boiler project for CIUDEN in Spain that we booked in Q1 
2010. We continue to pursue and win projects other than boiler, and some examples are low NOx burner systems in 
Spain booked in Q4 of '09; a heat recovery steam generator in Spain booked in Q4 of '09; two steam surface condensers 
and auxiliary equipment in Vietnam booked in Q1 of 2010; and various after-market opportunities such as maintenance 
parts, et cetera. 

Looking at new orders in Foster Wheeler scope for the Global Power Group, the Q4 of '09 includes the CFB boiler 
project that we briefly announced that we booked in Vietnam. Turning to backlog, in terms of Foster Wheeler scope for 
Global Power Group, the backlog is stabilized due to CFB boiler orders in Q3 and Q4 that were previously announced 
as well. 

Turning to Foster Wheeler's strong cash position in Q4 of '09, we enjoyed a 29% increase from Q4 '08 to Q4 of '09. 

Key takeaways from the year and quarter. We had excellent commercial and operating performance for Q4 and the full 
year of '09. In terms of our 2010 outlook for Global Power Group, we expect EBITDA margin on scope revenue to be 
in the range of 16 to 18% for the full year. If global GDP and power demand continue to recover from the low levels of 
2009, we would expect to see continued rebound and new orders as 2010 progresses. 

In terms of E&C Group, our 2010 outlook, assuming an accelerated pace of new orders in the second half of 2010, we 
expect EBITDA margin on scope revenue to be in the range of 18, 20% for the full year. Margin sequentially lower 
than 2009 due largely to lower contract profit margins due to competitive pressure and some degree of inefficient 
utilization of manpower caused by delays in the timing of prospect awards. 

We do not expect that the rightsizing associated with the $6.1 million severance charge will have a material impact on 
E&C scope revenues in 2010, and once again, the prospect list in E&C continues to be robust. 

At this point, we will take your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We'll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question comes from the 
line of Andrew Kaplowitz with Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: Good evening, guys. Can you hear me okay? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Just fine, Andy. 

<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: So Ray, I'm wondering, over the last few months, did anything happen to sort of change your 
views of the E&C market? In other words, you had talked for a while about your eight projects and specifically one of 
them, project four, you expected to go forward in the fourth quarter. Did that happen? Did that slip? And did anything 
else big slip that may go forward at some point that affected your utilization in the first half of the year? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I would say, let me answer the question 
generally, Andy, then I'll turn to Umberto to see if he wants to add any specifics. Mid-year, last year, we saw things not 

– they started to slow somewhat, and award dates just continued to slip somewhat, and we saw a continuation of that, 
not hugely but incrementally in Q4 from Q3. 
And if you'll recall, what we announced in Q3 and we said in large part, 2010 will be made up by how we booked in 
Q4 and how we booked in early 2010. And I would say that things just got incrementally slower and a little tougher in 
Q4 based on what we saw and we hoped for, and in some cases we were getting client feedback to expect in Q3. So I 
wouldn't say it was a material or a significant shift, but I would say it was more just the incremental movement in the 


wrong direction from what we had seen in Q3. Umberto? 

<A - Umberto della Sala>: No, I think that's [inaudible]. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Now, the frustration we have is as we keep 
repeating the prospect list, the client interest, the apparent client desire to move forward continues to be there, but even 
in cases where we have clients believing a certain award will take place on a date certain, the dates just tend to move to 
the right. And so we saw that incremental move in Q4, and we thought it prudent to crank that into our expectations and 
therefore our guidance in 2010. 

<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: That's fair. Ray or Umberto, can you tell us if project four hit that final phase or no? 

<A - Umberto della Sala>: Sorry. I guess you are referring to project in the Far East? 

<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: The Far East refinery. 

<A - Umberto della Sala>: The project is moving forward. We are actually working on the project, but we are doing 
pieces of work because that's the way that the client proceed. So we have sequential pieces of work, but the project is 
proceeding. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: So Andy, the good news is that the project 
wasn't released all together in the aggregate and therefore doesn't show in our fourth quarter booking, but the project is 
proceeding. We're liquidating against the project, and it appears the project is going to continue. But that's kind of the 
way things have gone for us. It's kind of a piece at a time. 

<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: I understand 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: The difference is before we leave, we leave 
in Q4 booking. 

<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: I understand. That's helpful. And Ray, you know the follow-up there is how confident are you 
that toward the second half of the year the new awards will accelerate? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, that's – my view is that's anyone's 
guess. Now we believe that given, if you will, the pent-up demand, and once again the strength of the project list, the 
prospect list, rather, that at some point we think we can get away and we're going to begin to move more positively. 

We believe that there's a good chance that happens in the second half of this year by all indications. But look, whether 
that will is anyone's guess. We just don't know. I think we're very close with our clients. I think we're very close to the 
market. I think we try to stay balanced of what will be pulled, but we have reason to believe that. But if that doesn't 
happen, we believe that, that's going to be longer term, then we'll conclude its incumbency to reflect that. 

<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: Okay, that's helpful, Ray. And just one real quick follow-up. You don't give guidance on 
revenue. We understand that. But is there any – your backlog year-over-year is up, in the scope backlog in E&C. Is 
there any reason to think that your scope revenue in E&C will fall off quickly from the 4Q '09 rates? Or will it be sort 
of just a slow drift down? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: If you look at our prepared remarks, Andy, 
what we've said is that the severance charge that we took should not be misinterpreted, and we don't expect a material 
drop-off in E&C revenue. So we were trying to indicate where we thought revenues would be in 2010. 

<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: That's great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Will Gabrielski, with Broadpoint. 


<Q - Will Gabrielski>: Hey, good morning or good evening, guys. Just a couple of questions, I guess. In terms of 
where you actually said you're cutting jobs, and you made a comment that you're adding jobs. Could you 
geographically spell out exactly what you're targeting with those moves? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: In other words, Will, where are we cutting 
and where are we adding? 

<Q - Will Gabrielski>: Right, and what's the end-market driver of the decision to either incrementally add or reduce 
head count? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: First of all, the end-market driver is – let 
me back up. Anytime we book work, especially in E&C, Umberto typically will blend that work into the office that can 
best take the project and move it forward, either technically or in terms of technical capability or product. And just by 
the nature of the project that we have in the portfolio in '10, versus '09 and '08, we have, if you will, a mix difference in 
terms of which offices are loaded more than others, and which ones are not. 

And the mix change is just simply a function of the offices that we've sold when the projects were sold. But that 
happens all the time. We do that constantly. But you could – the moves at this point will be material enough that we 
had to make reductions in some places, and we're actively making additions in others. 

<Q - Will Gabrielski>: Okay. 

<A - Umberto della Sala>: Yeah, the additional comment I'd like to make is that there is an increase in the requests 
from the client to do more work locally, and we have to follow what the market is asking then. So let's take the project 
in India. The project in India [inaudible] a large portion of that project has to do with [inaudible] , so India [inaudible] 
is the location where we are actually at in the process. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: And that was a requirement for that 
booking. And had we not done that, it's much less likely that we would have won. But what I'm saying is it's not just 
one project; we do this constantly as a way of booking work. 

<Q - Will Gabrielski>: Okay, understood. I guess bigger picture Foster Wheeler E&C business, you guys have made 
some – obviously done some M&A work to expand your upstream capabilities. If you look '06 through '09 on average 
you're booking about $2 billion a year in scope work with a pretty low variance from that $2 billion number in any 
given year. Going forward, what do you guys see as the inflection point maybe in your business, or how do you think 
about growing that number from the $2 billion number you've consistently put up over the last four years? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think in large part, Will, it's going to be 
dependent upon the strength of the market. I mean if I look at what we've done in 2005, '06, '07 and '08 and even '09 for 
that matter, we've significantly broadened the product offering, the geographical diversity that we serve in the business 
and, if you will, the distribution of work inside various markets. So I think our suite of capabilities is much broader 
today than it was two, three, four years ago. But to have a sea change in terms of how much we're able to book is going 
to be highly dependent upon when we need the market to break even to do that. I hope that answers your question. 

<Q - Will Gabrielski>: Yeah. No, I mean obviously through the volatility of the market, it's commendable that you've 
had such a 


<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. What I'm saying is I'm very happy 
with the way we've diversified that business while we've grown. We haven't just grown in what was traditionally our 
sweet spot, either technology, products, geographies, et cetera. We've really broadened, if you will, the served market 
of that business. So I'm pleased with what we've done there, if you will, to open up the optionality for us. But we need 
to market to break loose for us to see a sea change in what we're able to book. 

I mean think, when I look at E&C for example, and I look at what we've booked in '09 and the backlog we ended '09 
with, given the slowing market, frankly I look at that as a victory. Because we were able to maintain ourselves in terms 
of volume booked, and actually ended the year with slightly higher backlog in what was a materially slowing market. I 


think that's a result of what was done by Umberto and his team to diversify the optionality of what we're able to sell. 
But that will only take us so far until we get the market strengthening. 

<Q - Will Gabrielski>: Okay, and not to – when I look at the stock price today and in general, and I look at valuation 
and then I see your balance sheet, I'm wondering what will it take to maybe execute the rest of the authorized buyback 
program? And where's your head and the board's head on that? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: We're always re-assessing that situation 
and deciding what we think is the best near- to medium-term use of our cash. That's something that we're constantly 
reviewing, and we'll continue to do so. 

<Q - Will Gabrielski>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher with UBS. 

<Q - Steven Fisher>: Hi. It sounds like we should assume that the first half of the year is going to be lower than this 
range, and then higher in the second half? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Steve, I'm sorry. Something happened 
technically, and I missed the first half of your question. 

<Q - Steven Fisher>: Sure. I just wanted to dig in to the 18 to 20% E&C guidance on the margins. It sounds like we 
should assume that in the first half of the year, it's going to be below this range. And then if things accelerate, it should 
be above that in the second half. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: No, that's not what we're intending to 
convey. What we're saying is when you look at the prospect list and we project what's likely to book, and we obviously 
know what's in backlog today, we know the margins that we sold last year that we're executing today. We assume on 
average that that's what the margin's going to be, but I would not want you to make the conclusion you just made from 
what we said. Because that may or may not be the case. 

<Q - Steven Fisher>: Because I would assume that if utilization is a factor, as the awards accelerate, perhaps your 
utilization should pick up and that would drive a better margin as that progresses. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, utilization's one thing. What we also 
need to happen is we need the market to strengthen so we take some pressure off of the competitive pressure in the 
marketplace while everybody's out trying to book. I mean, we need to be more vigilant to ease the competitive pressure 
in the marketplace on pricing. 

<Q - Steven Fisher>: Sure. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: So I'd say that's a bigger factor than getting 
the project released, to deal with what I think is a relatively small amount of inefficiency that we'll have by having 
project teams waiting for awards. The bigger issue is relieving the competitive pressure in the marketplace. 

<Q - Steven Fisher>: Okay. And then with the prospects that you do see in the near term, I mean, do you think the 
E&C scope bookings can continue at the average pace that you had in the last two quarters of 2009? 

<A - Umberto della Sala>: Yes. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. I mean, we're making that assumption. 

<Q - Steven Fisher>: Okay. And then just lastly, I wonder if you can comment in terms of the changing dynamics on 
the LNG work that's out there and just general contract structure, how comfortable do you feel to take on fixed price 
LNG work at this point? 


<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Depends on the client, the geography, the 
circumstances. I mean, lump sum turnkey work in general to include LNG depends on a number of factors. Umberto, 
you know those much better than I do. 

<A - Umberto della Sala>: Yes, I don't believe we can grow [inaudible] because believe me there are no fixed rules, 
[inaudible]. We should always look at the geographical location. There are counties in which we do not [inaudible] 
possibility. Clients, competition. So a number of factors there, but we brief people. We do not say no. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: It's dependent on a number of actions. 

<Q - Steven Fisher>: Okay, great. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Barry Bannister with Stifel Nicolaus. 


<Q - Barry Bannister>: Hi, could you give us a breakdown of the geographic distribution of the competitive pressures 
on the E&C segment's margins, i.e., what had the largest year-to-year drop and your expectations for '10 against '09? 
<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I just don't know that we've got that data at 


our fingertips to be able to do that, Barry. I apologize. I don't think we can do that in this call. 


<Q - Barry Bannister>: Well, just generally speaking though, where are you seeing the greatest pressure? Presumably 
it's on pricing more than materials as it affects the margin. Is it Australia? 
<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Oh, okay. In other words, geographically, 


where do we see the most competitive pressure? 
<Q - Barry Bannister>: Yeah. 
<A - Umberto della Sala>: Generally where we believe less work. So certainly Europe today is one of the areas where 


we are seeing a very, very strong pressure in margin. There isn't work around, and when we see that work we see a lot 
of competition. I think we feel less pressure in Latin America today and probably [inaudible] is in between, but 
certainly Europe is where we see a lot of pressure in margins now. U.S. is another area where because of the lack of 
prospects there is a lot of competitive pressure [inaudible]. 


<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: But Barry, as much as I agree with 
Umberto's answer geographically, I would say that competitive pressure is very situation specific, to the client, to the 
situation. How commoditized is the services being pulled on the project versus how differentiated they are. Competitive 
pressure is highly variable, highly variable by a number of factors in addition to geography as I know you know. 


<Q - Barry Bannister>: Well, given the crack spread changes, have you just seen a sharp drop off on the highly 
profitable delayed coking work and that's been one of the main factors here? 
<A - Umberto della Sala>: No. 


<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I don't think so. No. No. 
<Q - Barry Bannister>: Okay. And could you give us the man hours in E&C backlog and whether there was Lagisza 
bonus in the quarter? 


<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I defer to Franco. 
<A - Franco Baseotto>: Man hour at the end of the quarter was 12.7 million for E&C in hours in backlog. 
<Q - Barry Bannister>: 5.7 million? 



<A - Franco Baseotto>: 12.7 millions. Which is more or less stable compared to the man hours at the end of 2008. So 
man hour backlog is slightly up year-on-year and again the end of year figure, 12.7 million man hours. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Okay. And then just to squeeze it in, the question I would have about the GP back EBITDA 
margin. On a sequential basis, since you're not going to get the capture of the contingencies from the declining raw 
material costs as we go into '10. So will the margin in that division settle back down so that the full year average is 
what you project but exits at a lower level? 

<A - Franco Baseotto>: Yes, Barry, I think that's exactly how our view, and that's exactly why we have repeatedly 
mentioned not to look at any quarter as a trendsetting indicator. I think our yearly guidance, if look at the average '09 
versus '10 is reflective of what you just mentioned. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of John Rogers with D. A. Davidson. 

<Q - John Rogers>: Hi. Good morning or afternoon. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Hello, John. 

<Q - John Rogers>: Can you hear me? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: It's fine. Thank you. 

<Q - John Rogers>: Okay. Couple of things. First of all, just touch on the margin target range of 18 to 20% for the 
E&C side of the business. As you look at that business right now and your capabilities in that market, the margins are 
down from what we've seen over the last couple of years, but are they back to a normal range or are they abnormally 
low from your point of view? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: First of all, if we look at the market cycle 
that we've been through, which for us began if you will in late 2004, I would say that the margins being booked today 
are lower than we've seen in the average of 2005, '06 '07, '08 and '09 because we're in our second year of a swelling 
market. But once again we're comparing to what was a very, very robust and strong period. And so I don't want that to 
be misunderstood that the margins we're booking today are unsatisfactory in any way because they're not. 

Which is completely what I said in Q3, but in fairness we saw this market begin to slow in the middle of '08. And that 
continued to '09. So we're entering, if you will, our sixth quarter where we're seeing some market slowdown. 
Realistically, booked margins right now are lower than the average of this period only because the period is a very, 
very robust period, John. As I know you know very well. 

<Q - John Rogers>: And, Ray, in terms of the capabilities that Foster Wheeler has now and the markets that you're in, 
they're different than they were seven years ago. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, there are. 

<Q - John Rogers>: And that's why I want to color it with that as well. I mean given the markets that you're in and 
your technical capabilities, how we should think about these margins relative to the cycle? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, yes. We're a very different company 
today, and we're a very different E&C group today than we were back then. But by the same token, one looks at the 
margins we enjoyed over the whole run, we're very, very happy with those. By the same token, we don't have a corner 
on any one of the market segments such that we can go in and be the only bidder and command whatever price that we 
want. I mean there are very sophisticated competitors in every one of these markets, and like us, they've gone through 
the experience of slowing market, and Umberto reminds me of this frequently, that there hasn't been a lot of capacity 


taken out of the space. Most everyone is waiting for the market surge. 

And so with the market being a little slow to surge, we've got all this capacity looking for a home. And people are 
being aggressive in the marketplace but still out because they don't want to take capacity out. That's impacting margin, 
and it's likely to continue until the market strengthens somewhat. Now I mean once again, if you look at the margins 
that we're forecasting for '10, we're not the least bit unhappy or embarrassed about these margins, it's just that they're 
not where they were in '09 or in '08 for obvious reasons. 

<Q - John Rogers>: Okay. That's very helpful. And if I could just follow up, a while back, Ray, you talked about 
needing to expand your capabilities or wanting to expand your capabilities more on the upstream side. And I'm just 
wondering as you look at the market and the opportunities that are out there right now, where do you see the holes in 
your portfolio, if you will? Or where do you want to – is it still generally upstream and can you be more specific than 
that? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: What I may do is I may ask Umberto to 
speak to that because he's been very close to that of late because we're in the process of integrating two of the 
acquisitions that we made in Houston, and Umberto's just hiring a new person to run that group, and I might turn to him 
to deal with that, John. Umberto? 

<A - Umberto della Sala>: Okay, first of all, we expect that the upstream market is going to be the first one to pick up 
and keep it going. Faced with that, as you know, we have made two acquisitions. The two acquisitions in Houston 
they've been integrated into our oil and gas group. We are looking at other position. The timing of these, by I would say 
the first half of 2010, to a critical mass, especially the capabilities which really allow us to be a player in the market. 
Now I don't believe it's going to be a stretch for us, because we've been [inaudible] which we normally serve in the 
downstream market. As Ray said, we have new leadership there. So I'm really confident that this will be part of these 
investments which will enable us to grow and be big players in [inaudible]. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: And John, just to add to that, obviously our 
current assessment is that we're probably one acquisition away from having what we would consider to be a 
comprehensive set of technical skills, such that we get market credibility with the client base. And most importantly, 
assuming we make that, when we get that critical mass, we think we now have a base from which we can add 
organically very credible, to increase in size. 

So if things go the way we think they may, and we hope they do, by mid-year '10 we should have that critical mass in 
place, and then our new wins we can easily add to that organically as we need to. And what we've done and what we're 
in the process of doing has been, I have to say Umberto, very well received by the clients. 

<Q - John Rogers>: Okay, good. Thank you very much, appreciate the color. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you, John. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Richard Roy with Citi. 

<Q - Richard Roy>: Good afternoon, thank you. Most of my questions have been answered, but just wanted to follow 
up a little bit on your comments about slippage from the project sponsors. I mean how would you characterize the 
slippage? Is it uncertainties with the economic environment, the direction of commodity prices, funding? How would 
you characterize the slippage on the part of the project sponsor? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I would say it's primarily clients being – 
not feeling a compelling need to pull the trigger now because of what I would call a general level of uncertainty in the 
economic stability if you will of the world today. And let's face it these projects have a multi-year period from 
conceptualization to when product is being produced. Maybe they're going to make a pricing assumption on that 
commodity or sell, or sell that forward. 


And let's face it, I mean those markets are just not as stable and if you will welcoming, and if – and reinforcing to 
clients as they were 18, 24 months ago. Now, I mean there are different factors in different situations, but I would say 
that's, if I picked one, that would be I think probably the reason the clients are just not as anxious to pull the trigger 
today as they were 18, 24 months ago. 

<Q - Richard Roy>: Right. And also, is it fair to say that this slippage has been really broad based? You're not seeing 
more slippage in a particular region than others? And also in terms of an end-market similar situation? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: No. 

<Q - Richard Roy>: Where most end-market... 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: No, no. I would say specific by geography, 
by end-market. It's situation specific based on a number of factors. But no, it's – I would be hard pressed to say it's been 
localized in any one way. 

<Q - Richard Roy>: Very good. And just another question on the LNG environment in Australia. There's recent talk 
of oversupply in the labor environment has been a bit challenging. How do you see your prospects in that region in that 
end-market? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: How do I see, I'm sorry, how do I see 
what? 

<Q - Richard Roy>: Foster's prospects in that end-market and region? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I feel very, very good about our prospects 
in Western Australia. As you know we're currently executing the Pluto project for Woodside. The project that I'm very, 
very close with. I was just there in the last several weeks. I'll be there again in another month. We've managed through 
a couple of the labor issues that we've had there with our clients. We're completely aligned in terms of our approach to 
those – that labor situation. And I'm very optimistic that will be a blip on the screen, that hopefully we'll put behind us, 
and we'll continue to make progress. So I mean I think we're very, very well positioned in Western Australia. 

<Q - Richard Roy>: Very good, thank you. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Spittel with Pritchard Capital. 

<Q - Jeff Spittel>: Good evening, guys. In the E&C group you've talked a little bit about some of these prospects that 
are emerging on the front end on the horizon. Could you give us a sense of general size of the composition of those 
projects? Or are we starting to see some more elephants out there again? Or are these singles and doubles? And I guess 
among the clients is it more distributed toward NOCs? IOCs? Or there's really no distinction at this point? 

<A - Umberto della Sala>: I believe when you think about downstream business, the majority of these prospects are 
the national companies. 

<Q - Jeff Spittel>: Okay. 

<A - Umberto della Sala>: Now, we achieve which is good, we are talking about scientific quality which proceed not 
only because they are not only driven by the economics but they are driven by a general political situation. 
Unfortunately they don't proceed as fast as we would like them to proceed. It takes more time for each project to go 
through [inaudible]. The other aspect I'd like to mention, however, is that in terms of the international companies, the 
positive news is that we start seeing the projects [inaudible] one, one-half years ago, can be back on the screen. Now 
yes it's going to take time for them to reanalyze the [inaudible], but they are back on the screen when we thought they 


were dead. But going back to your question, the majority of these FEEDs and the conceptual standards are for the 
national companies. 

<Q - Jeff Spittel>: Okay. And then switching over to the Power Group, assuming that things continue to progress on 
the economic front in 2010, are we assuming that there's going to be a pick up in new boiler awards? Or you think 
there's going to be kind of this continued trend toward a distribution with after-market and other sorts of opportunities 
there? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, no. I mean you probably have 
noticed our Q3 and Q4 picked up in '09. And that's a stabilized backlog in that business for us, now in fairness, at a 
much lower level than we've been accustomed. But it stabilized, and we were able to win awards. Our going in 
assumption is that, that market is going to continue to improve, and the booking assumption that we have is that we'll 
see a material increase in what we're able to book in 2010 versus 2009. I mean, Gary, you're closer to the market than 
me. What would you add? 

<A - Gary Nedelka>: The only thing I would add to that, Ray, would be that one size really doesn't fit all, looking at 
the global market. And that we're seeing a lot more new boiler activity in markets like Southeast Asia and Eastern 
Europe where we're strong with CFBs. And then other parts of the world it is more of a mixed basket in terms of the 
product we're selling. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: But in fairness, Gary, you see a stronger 
market in '10 than you saw in '09? 

<A - Gary Nedelka>: Definitely, we see a stronger market in '10 and then growing into '11. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. But geographically, it's materially 
different than we've seen before, but that's fine. That's just – we redirect our resources. That's not an issue for us. 

<Q - Jeff Spittel>: And it sounds like the possible genesis of these orders is in these international areas where 
emissions protocols and those sort of considerations aren't necessarily putting people at a stand still. And they have the 
appetite to move forward. Is that fair to say? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. And economic growth is assumed to 
come back quicker, and the need for power is there. So if you looked into the geographies that Gary just articulated, it's 
not a real surprise that we would see the market come back first there. 

<Q - Jeff Spittel>: That's fair. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. 

<Q - Jeff Spittel>: Good. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Roger Read with Natalistics (sic) [Natixis] 

<Q - Roger Read>: Good afternoon. Natixis, but I can understand the challenges sometimes with the name. Quick 
question to y'all. I mean we had a lot of talking about pricing. I was just kind of curious, has there been – and 
somebody asked the question earlier about lump sum versus the cost plus back contracts. But are you seeing any 
changes at this point in how your competitors or even how you're bidding the risk factors on some of these projects 
because ultimately EBITDA margin is going to be due to those – the execution as well as pricing? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: So far I'd say there's certainly not a 
material difference in the way we approach the market. I mean we have a level of criteria that has to be met before we 
will take lump sum turnkey projects in the portfolio. And if those don't get met, we don't book. And that doesn't change 
for us in strong market or a weak market. So no, and I would say, Umberto, I don't necessarily think there's been any 


kind of sea change in terms of contract type in the market, in the markets you serve, have there? 

<A - Umberto della Sala>: No, we have seen the difficulty in Middle East, Koreans, some Japanese coming back with 
very, very aggressive pricing. But the only thing we can do is wish them good luck because there is no way we are 
going to try to match what they are doing. No way. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: No, we wish them good luck, and we hope 
that they rapidly get full. 

<Q - Roger Read>: Okay. And I know it's been hit a little bit earlier, but as you look at what is an essentially 
necessary to get customers more willing to go forward with projects, do you feel that it's, at this point, they're just 
watching kind of global GEP or local GEP issues to get comfortable? Or is financing still a major obstacle here? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think more the former than the latter. I 
think it's basically market psychology. I mean, we need more good news and less bad news so that there's a view of 
much more stability and much less economic risk. When there are concerns over a double-dip recession or there are 
concerns that certain regions of the world are going to dip into recession again, that becomes very unnerving for a 
client ready to make a major spending decision to have product off take three or four years from now. I would say it's 
much more the former than the latter. 

<Q - Roger Read>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Avram Fisher with BMO Capital Markets. 

<Q - Avram Fisher>: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Part of the Power Group margin expectations, I know Barry 
asked a question about your stable commodity pricing. How much of that, relative to sort of what we were thinking 
about last year, is better utilization, better pricing or better backlog strength? Or was it a mixture of all the three, or...? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Again, now specifically you're talking 
about what period of time? 

<Q - Avram Fisher>: Well, the Power Group margins for your guidance for the year, I think 16 to 18%. I remember 
last year at this time the outlook could've been interpreted as being a little bit more bleak. Meaning the backlog 
certainly is in better shape. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: It is. And I would say that the market for 
power is appearing stronger than it was a year ago. That group has done a very good job reducing their cost and having 
very competitive costs so that they can bid and win and have a very fair margin in the contract, and our product seems 
to be very well accepted in these regions where the market is coming back quicker as Gary articulated earlier. So I'd 
say it's a combination of factors, but fundamental to that is the fact that the market appears to be a whole level or two 
stronger today than it was a year ago. 

<Q - Avram Fisher>: Right. And I just want to clarify, of course, your backlog is in worse shape, but your momentum 
coming out of the second half 


<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: And I assume that's what you meant. The 
backlog is down, but the backlog has stabilized for two quarters. It's not in decline as it was in early '09. I assume that's 
what you meant. 

<Q - Avram Fisher>: Yes. That's exactly what I meant, and is that momentum sort of supporting the margin and the 
utilization you've downsized to the current backlog? 


<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. That group did a very good and 
responsive job of rightsizing in early '09 which was achieved through what I thought was very, very good performance 
in coming out of a very slow market. And I think it's also causing to be very well positioned going into '10. And if the 
market strengthening that Gary has forecasted is accurate, and we believe that it is, then I think we're going to enjoy 
that and you'd note that in the margin. 

<Q - Avram Fisher>: Right, and how about pricing in that market? Is the utilization, absorption and – offsetting weak 
pricing or is pricing fairly stable? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Pricing in that market is very situation 
specific. But I'd say generally it supports the margins that we've guided. 

<Q - Avram Fisher>: And the fact that you have a guy who's coming from the Power side transforming into your role 
next year, should we look into more resurgence in the Power Group? Does that imply more focus on the Power Group 
than in prior years or better opportunities there? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Not at all. I mean the fact that Bob Flexon's 
background is in the Power business, I give you is very interesting, but that should not be interpreted as indicative of a 
change in focus in this company. Bob's been on the board for three plus years. 

<Q - Avram Fisher>: Right. 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: He knows the business very well, the 
management team very well. I think he has a very good and team view of where the opportunities are, and I think it's 
very likely that you're going see the continuation of the strategic path the company's been on. 

<Q - Avram Fisher>: Okay. And then I was a little bit concerned about the negative minority interest in the quarter. 
Typically that implies some issues on the joint ventures. Did you talk about that already? Or can you talk about what 
caused that negative minority interest? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I'll defer to Franco. 

<A - Franco Baseotto>: Yeah, that back charge to one of our minority partners, so that was plainly the quarter you see 
it in; it would not be looked at as a trend for 2010. 

<Q - Avram Fisher>: Is it an issue with the project, or just a one-time thing? 

<A - Franco Baseotto>: It's a one-time, certainly not a recurrent item. 

<Q - Avram Fisher>: Got you. And finally, were there any severance costs included in SG&A in the quarter? And can 
SG&A come down versus what seemed to be a fairly high number in the quarter? 

<A - Franco Baseotto>: SG&A in the quarter was approximately $4 million on a consolidated basis. 

<Q - Avram Fisher>: Okay, I'll follow up with Scott after the call. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our final question comes from the line of Chase Jacobson with Sterne Agee. 

<Q - Chase Jacobson>: Hi, guys. Most of my questions have been answered. Just, and I apologize if you hit this in the 
prepared remarks. Could you just give a little bit more color on the currency impact in the quarter? And maybe if you 
could tell us what your assumptions are for 2010 in terms of currency? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I'll defer to Franco. 


<A - Franco Baseotto>: The translation, because we are talking about currency translation just to make clear, in the 
quarter was an unfavorable $4 million. And on a year-to-date 2009 was $49 million. These were both of our business 
groups. If we base the forecast for 2010 on current exchange rates, I would say that I'm not expecting any currency 
translation impact in 2010, again, compared to 2009 and based on current rates. 

<Q - Chase Jacobson>: Okay, thank you. And then just again on the Power Group, you talked a little bit about Europe 
and Southeast Asia doing well on those lost opportunities. And you also talked about other geographic regions. Can 
you just expand that a little bit more? Maybe in the past you had talked about South America and if that business starts 
to pick up, would you ever think about maybe making some investment to expanding your presence in new markets? 

<A - Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Gary, can you add something to that? 

<A - Gary Nedelka>: Sure, sure, yes. We had mentioned in the past that South America was a target market for us, 
and we're still seeing a lot of development activity in and throughout South America. It's just, I guess the word I used 
earlier, slippage has happened in some of these as the power demand there just waits for GDP growth to come back. So 
we do see a good market in South America going forward, and we're certainly preparing and organizing ourselves to 
participate in that. 

Other markets that we look at, in the Middle East we've sold some heat recovery steam generators, and we're looking at 
growth there. The United States and Western Europe we still see as pretty slow in terms of new capacity, but still 
providing us opportunities in services. I think that pretty much covers an outlook on the globe. 

<Q - Chase Jacobson>: Yep, that's helpful. Thank you. 

Operator 

There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Ray Milchovich 
for closing remarks. 

Raymond J. Milchovich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

I want to thank everyone for joining us. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


