Q4 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• W. Scott Lamb, Vice President, Investor Relations 
• Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer 
• Chris Brown, Managing Director, Global Sales and Marketing, E&C Group 
• Gary T. Nedelka, President and Chief Executive Officer, Global Power Group 
• Franco Baseotto, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President 
• Michael S. Liebelson, Chief Development Officer and Executive Vice President 
Other Participants 

• Michael S. Dudas 
• Will Gabrielski 
• William Gabrielski 
• Andy Kaplowitz 
• Joe Ritchie 
• Yuri Lynk 
• Peter Chang 
• Steven Fisher 
• Matt Tucker 
• Robert Connors 
• Chase Jacobson 
• Rob Norfleet 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Beverly, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to 
welcome everyone to the Foster Wheeler Fourth Quarter 2010 Investor Call. All lines have been placed on mute to 
prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator 
Instructions] 

Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Scott Lamb, Vice President of Investor Relations. 

W. Scott Lamb, Vice President, Investor Relations 
Thanks. Good day, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Our news release announcing financial results for the fourth 
quarter was issued this morning and has been posted to our website at fwc.com. The presentation we'll use today has 
also been posted on the website. 

Before we go into the discussion, I need to remind you that any comments made today about future operating results or 
other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation 
Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ substantially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of 
factors that could cause actual results to vary is contained in Foster Wheeler's annual report filed with the Securities 


and Exchange Commission and the Company's Form 10-K is being filed with the SEC on Monday. 

We are hosting the call today from our Geneva office and joining us here are Umberto della Sala, our interim Chief 
Executive Officer; Michael Liebelson, Executive VP and Chief Development Officer; Franco Baseotto, who is 
Executive VP, CFO and Treasurer; Gary Nedelka, CEO of our Global Power Group; and Chris Brown, who assumes 
the role of the Managing Director of Global Sales and Marketing for the E&C Group on January 1st of this year. 

After our prepared remarks, we will have time to take your questions. And at this point I will turn it over to Umberto. 

Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief 
Operating Officer 

Okay, thank you, Scott, and good day, everybody. Thank you for joining us on the call today. Now after my 
introductory comments with Chris and Gary will talk about new orders and market conditions in their respective 
divisions. And then I will ask Franco to talk about the financial results for the company for each business group. 

After our discussion on the fourth quarter results, Michael and I will spend some time describing our strategic renewal 
initiative. So let's start with slide number three, and you see the highlights of the full year 2010. 

Clearly, our financial performance for the full year was below the level of 2009. This was due to weak demand and the 
ongoing competitive pressure. Even so, we continue to strengthen our balance sheet during the year and our credit 
rating was raised to investment grade by Standard & Poor's. And we ended the year with a cash balance of more than 
$1 billion. 

Both of our business groups demonstrated excellent operating and commercial performance despite the difficult 
environment. In particular, we had success in our critically important drive to continue geographic expansion and 
service diversification. Now we did not have room [inaudible] but let me mention some examples of the kinds of 
contracts that represent success in this area. 

First, I'd like to mention the major FEED contract for the fuel refineries in Brazil. In a word they represent the new 
clients in a new geography for us. Next there was the offshore project in the Gulf of Venezuela, which represents an 
expansion of our upstream [inaudible] offshore work. 

Another example would be the two recent awards in mining, one for a client in Canada and the other one for a client in 
China. Also both of these were early 2011 awards, much of the effort to win them occurred in 2010. We also have 
examples of contract success in our power business, where I could quote several examples of diversification and 
expansion, including contract awards for the world's largest biomass boiler, a solar power project, and [inaudible] 
carbon capture project. 

Moving now on the next bullet on the slide, I will point out that we maintained very strong management continuity 
after the retirement of Ray Milchovich as CEO on June 1st last year. The other notable characteristics of 2010 was the 
competitive pressure that we experienced in both of our business groups. In the fourth quarter, we didn't start to see 
signs that demand was beginning to improve, also there continues to be competitive pressure. I say this because of the 
increase in client inquiries and our overall level of activity regarding the preparation of proposals. 

In the fourth quarter, we also saw a very encouraging trend, which is the sharp increase in our E&C bidding activity, 
specifically for study work for FEED contracts. And this kind of a FEED can be precursor to increase the clients' 
spending over the next several years. 

So now let's go to slide four and look at the highlights of the fourth quarter of 2010. Again, both E&C and GPG 
demonstrated excellent operating and commercial performance. However, the company's net income was below the 
average quarter of 2009 mainly due to lower volumes and margins in the E&C Group and also to higher effective tax 
rate in the quarter, which Franco will talk about in just a minute. 


Now despite the lower revenues we feel very good about the robust level of scope backlog -- scope new orders in both 
business groups. And on that note I will turn it over to Chris to give you more color on E&C orders and the market 
conditions. 

Chris Brown, Managing Director, Global Sales and Marketing, E&C Group 

Thanks, Umberto. If you turn to slide number five, new orders in Foster Wheeler Scope for E&C. I'll give you some 
key takeaways. We had our strongest booking quarter in Q1 2009. And for context the first quarter of 2009 was an 
all-time record booking quarter for Foster Wheeler. The new order summary: the new order number was really driven 
by the award of the field work for two refineries in Brazil, the award that Umberto just mentioned. 

Aside from this, the new orders were composed of more or less typical kinds of small, medium projects that make up a 
good portion of the prospect list at any given point. I will caution you to remember that new orders are always going to 
be lumpy from one quarter to the next, but the trend line here is certainly encouraging. 

On slide number six, you can see some of our key wins in the fourth quarter and more recently thus far in Q1 2011. The 
first item on the list here is the strategic win: the Petrobras Premium Refineries in Brazil, actually two grassroots 
refineries. We are doing the basic engineering design and also the front-end design for the main process and auxiliary 
units. These refineries include amongst other things [inaudible] based upon Foster Wheeler's technology and a HAZOP 
unit also based upon Foster Wheeler's HAZOP and prevention technology. 

I say that because this contract is strategically important to us because it helps us establish a strong presence with a new 
client in a country that has been identified by our strategic renewal initiative as a key expansion target. The contract 
also reflects our ability to provide high levels of local content. 

Most of the other awards highlighted on this slide have not been press released, so I'm somewhat limited in what I can 
say. Let me just take a few highlights. You can see here an EPCm contract for a refining project in Asia to increase the 
production [inaudible] diesel. This is a client with whom we have a very long relationship and the award is an example 
of how we can position ourselves to win FEED work even though we did not execute the FEED scope. 

The next one, an EPCm contract for a chemicals project in China. This is an example of how our Shanghai office can 
be instrumental in helping us win and execute work. Then we have the delayed coker license agreements for projects in 
Asia, and separately some heater sales in both Latin America and the CIS. Of course, the Coker license agreements 
always gives us opportunity for additional business. 

Heater work is often sometimes overlooked as part of the E&C business, and heaters themselves are not usually 
big-ticket items. But this is a very nice ongoing market for us. Also in the fourth quarter we booked additional work in 
connection with the refinery projects in both Colombia and elsewhere within South America. 

At the bottom of the slide we've listed several awards that we've received thus far in the first quarter of 2011. Another 
key strategic win is Saudi Aramco's selection of Foster Wheeler and its partners as a qualified GES+ contractor. 

Now there is no first quarter bookings or backlog impact associated with this. But what it means is that we are one of 
the few contractors eligible to work on future engineering and project management work for Saudi Aramco. The 
agreement has a term of five years, with an option to extend for an additional three years. 

Next on the list is the early work release for FEED contracts for two chemical plants. And for this particular job we 
believe we'll be very well positioned for future EPCm work in the future. [inaudible] another FEED contract, this one is 
for a clean-fuels refinery project in the Middle East. We had previously done the pre-FEED for this job and the award 
reflects our expertise in refinery and clean fuels work. And then we have another Coker license for a client in the 
Middle East. 

We also show two mining related awards that we won in the first quarter. This is a strategic emphasis for us and as you 
will hear in the discussion in our strategic renewals, we've already started to broaden our presence. And finally, here 
was have a contract engineering study for the expansion of an LNG liquefaction facility. I cannot provide any of the 


details on this one, but this is an exciting project for us and certainly could lead to additional work in the future. 

So we are off to a good start in 2011. As we have said, we are encouraged by the increase in client inquiries and request 
for our proposals. 

If you now turn to slide number seven, you will see our current view of the market. As I've described already, we had a 
good booking quarter in Q4 and we also have had a good pipeline of prospects especially in the regions you see 
highlighted here: Asia, South America and the Middle East. 

In our conversations over the last few months with our clients, we are certainly beginning to see a growing level of 
confidence about the world economy and as a result of that an increased willingness to move forward on projects. I say 
this in the context of projects that we have been tracking for some time. But interestingly enough, we are also starting 
to see new projects emerging. And obviously we are very keen to get in the front-end work for a number of these 
projects as well. 

As you heard Umberto say a few minutes ago, we did in fact see a very sharp increase in bidding activity [inaudible] 
during the fourth quarter. All of these things are very promising, but I suppose the big caveat is the bullet here at the 
bottom of the page. We have not as yet seen any let up in the competitive pressure. The pressure has not gotten any 
worse for the past six months, but it is very clearly not yet abating. So on that note, I would turn it over to Gary. 

Gary T. Nedelka, President and Chief Executive Officer, Global Power Group 

Thanks Chris. If we look at slide number eight we see the new order numbers for the Global Power Group. New orders 
in the fourth quarter were driven by large boiler awards for projects in Vietnam and the Czech Republic. 

As always the new order numbers will be lumpy from quarter-to-quarter but you can see here that for the full year 2010 
our new orders in GPG were nearly double the level for 2009. We also have a solid list of prospects for potential 
contract awards in 2011. As clients go forward with these projects we would expect to win a good number of the 
awards, which in turn would potentially give us another very nice booking year for the Power Group. 

On slide nine, you see a recap of the key awards for the fourth quarter. The first two on the list are very large contract 
awards, the two I previously mentioned and really represent a sizable portion of the dollar value of the new awards that 
we reported for the quarter. The first one here is the order for two 300-megawatt PC boilers for a utility client in 
Vietnam. The boiler is a part of the country's master plan for economic development and so the award is really a pretty 
significant vote of confidence in our state-of-the-art PC boiler technology. 

The other large award during the fourth quarter was the 135 megawatt CFB boiler for a utility client in the Czech 
Republic. This will be Foster Wheeler's seventh CFB delivery to the Czech Republic and the order is a prime example 
of steadily growing appeal of our industry leading fuel flexible CFB technology. In this application the client plans to 
burn a combination of lignite and biomass fuels and this is precisely the kind of application that plays to our 
competitive strength. We believe our CFBs do this better than any other technology out there and clients seem to agree. 

Next on the list is a bubbling fluidized bed boiler for a client in Spain. The BFB product line has been around for a long 
time but still has great appeal for industrial clients or as in the case here a utilities that wants to produce incremental 
power using biomass. The final bullet here shows the award from Shanghai Boiler Works, with whom we've had a 
relationship spanning at least 20 years. Shanghai is a licensee of our PC boiler technology and in this contract we will 
work closely with them to cooperate in and review the boiler design on a project they are executing in Vietnam. And 
even though we didn't put it on the slide, I'd like to mention a nice award we received during the first quarter of 2011 
for heat exchangers and evaporators for a 280 megawatt thermal solar power plant in North America. 

Now turning to slide 10, you see our current view of the market. There aren't many surprises here. To the extent that we 
are seeing near-term to intermediate-term boiler prospects, they are the result of increased electricity demand in 
developing countries such as the ones listed here. However, there are always caveats such as the two bullets in the 
middle of the page here. Demand continues to be relatively weak for additions to power capacity in the U.S. and 


Western Europe and the markets remain competitive even in the regions where we do see an uptick in demand. 

It's a virtual certainty in this business that client preference for fuel type will vary over time, and yet today's clients 
have more options than they may have had 10 to 20 years ago. Natural gas is currently a popular choice in a number of 
regions due to pricing. But as the world economy continues to improve, we're confident that solid fuel will remain an 
important part of the story for many years to come, especially in the geographies like the ones highlighted here near the 
bottom of the slide. 

Not only are we confident about our position in the solid fuel market itself but our CFB remains the technology of 
choice around the world for clients who need fuel flexibility. And with that I'd like to turn it over to Franco. 

Franco Baseotto, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice 
President 

Thank you, Gary. I would ask you now to turn to slide number 11 where we summarize the financial results for the 
fourth quarter. Our adjusted net income was $38.3 million, or $0.31 per diluted share, which is below the average 
quarter of 2009 with the decline due in part to lower volumes and margins in our Engineering and Construction Group. 

We also had a $7.1 million charge in the fourth quarter related to executive severance. Another key factor that 
contributed to the decline was the higher effective tax rate as mentioned by Umberto. To be specific, the effective tax 
rate was 34.3% in the fourth quarter of 2010 as compared to the rate of 20.6% for the full year 2009. 

Now what I would like to say here is that there is nothing fundamentally different about our tax position, and in fact the 
full-year 2010 effective tax rate was 24.4%. However, in the fourth quarter we had a number of expenses which were 
not tax affected. An example would include impairment charge in our E&C Group, which I will describe shortly and a 
number of other items. These items accounted for about 10 percentage points of the 34.3% rate. So I want to be 
absolutely clear that the guidelines for the tax rate in 2011 is still in the low to mid 20% range. 

If you turn now to slide 12, you will see the EBITDA result for our Engineering and Construction Group. Again the 
driver here was a decline in volume and margin; in addition we had a $13.2 million impairment charge in relation to 
our equity interest in two power projects in Italy. 

Due to the impairment charge, our margin in the fourth was unusually low and you should not assume that this is any 
kind of indicative run rate for 2011. Now please turn to slide 13 where I'd like to provide some additional context for 
the impairment charge I just mentioned. You can see the detail here and I won't read through all this and the key 
messages are as follows. 

As you must know, we own equity interest in several power projects in Italy, two of these projects were coming to the 
end of their respective power purchase agreements and we were given an option to exit those PPAs in exchange for a 
very attractive cash payment. 

So in conjunction with our majority partner in the project company, we decided to indeed exit the PPA in exchange for 
cash and for Foster Wheeler, our share of the cash proceed in the project companies is equal to about $65 million and 
this was received early this week. 

One of the power plants that I've just mentioned was shut down on January 1st of 2011. We have a plant continues to 
operate but it's status is under review. And with the loss of the PPAs and the shut down one of the plant we were 
required to take the resulting impairment charge. 

In summary, the economic question now for our decision was kind of a no-brainer, and the impact of this decision on 
our overall equity income will be immaterial in 2011. I'd be happy to answer any follow-up question on our Q&A 
session at the end of the call. 


On slide 14, you'll see our scope backlog for E&C as of the end of the fourth quarter. We think this is a very solid 
number, especially considering the fact that it reflects the removal of $123 million of scope value for a contract in Asia, 
where Foster Wheeler and the client agreed to change the execution strategy. The change in execution strategy actually 
improves our [inaudible] on the project going forward, while enabling us to retain a significant project management 
role. 

On slide 15, you see the number of Man-Hours in backlog. Here you can clearly see the impact of the removal of the 
material number of Man-Hours associated with the booking of the $123 million scope value that I just mentioned. And 
if we excluded all of the Man-Hours associated with this particular project on all of the periods shown on this chart it 
actually would have had an increase on Man-Hours from the third quarter of 2010 to the fourth quarter of 2010. 

Turning now to slide 16, you see the very strong EBITDA performance of the Global Power Group, which was aided 
by a $22 million debt payment by a third-party. Now we expect these would require some explanation, so please turn to 
slide 17 and you can see the background on this matter. 

Again there is really no need for me to read all this to you. Key messages are as follows: First, as you may know we 
own and operate a waste-to-energy plant in New Jersey. The original financing for construction of this facility was 
obtained via load agreement we had with a municipal authority who in turn raised the funds with back-to-back bonds. 

Therefore as the municipal authority made annual payments to fund all this, Foster Wheeler in turn reduced its 
corresponding debt to the authority by like amount. And a debt payment of approximately $10 million was made by the 
municipal authority in the fourth quarter of each year and so the EBITDA of our Power Group has reflected a 
corresponding $10 million in its fourth quarter results each year. The only thing that is different about the fourth quarter 
of 2010 was that this was the final installment of this debt payment and it was $22 million rather than $10 million. And 
again David and I would be happy to answer any question of this during the Q&A session. 

On slide 18, you'll see the very strong scope backlog number for the Power Group, which reached the highest levels 
since the fourth quarter of 2008. Again I think this really demonstrates what Gary had said earlier that even in a 
challenging market we have a portfolio of boiler products and technologies that have tremendous appeal to clients 
around the world. Slide 19, shows our cash position, which as you can see has remained very strong. 

This concludes my review of the financial results. I will turn it back over to Umberto to cover slide 20. 

Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief 
Operating Officer 

Okay. Thank you, Franco. Okay, to summarize what we told you. Now both our business groups delivered excellent 
performance in the fourth quarter. But our financial results were below the average quarter of 2009 due in part to lower 
margins and volumes in the E&C. And very clearly we continue to see competitive pressure over the course of the 
fourth quarter. 

Now as we look ahead to 2011, in our E&C Group we expect the full year margin to be in the range of 13% to 15% and 
we expect our scope revenues to be above the level of 2010. In our Global Power Group, the full-year margin guidance 
is 14% to 16%. Also when it comes to scope revenues for GPG, we actually expect them to be up quite sharply in 2011 
versus 2010. 

Now if I take a step back and think about the entire company I believe that 2011 is likely to be a transition year. Now 
clearly our financial results for the full year 2011 will reflect the lagging impact of the weak market conditions we 
experienced in 2009 and 2010. Nevertheless as I just said, we do in fact think that both Groups will see an increase in 
scope revenues. 

The magnitude of the increase is likely to be quite different in E&C and GPG, and as always the timing of client 
decisions will have a big impact on the actual revenue numbers. So that's our current view for 2011. 


Now normally this would end our presentation but we have some more slides here where we'd like to summarize the 
work we have done on the Strategic Renewal Initiative. The first slide is a context sector. We thought it was important 
to remind everyone where we have been before we tell you where we are going. Now many of you know that over the 
past ten years, Foster Wheeler has re-established itself as one of the globally recognized leaders in the EPC space. 

Today, with an investment grade rating, more than $1 billion of cash on the balance sheet, best-in-class risk 
management processes and a significantly broader and deeper portfolio service offering. So the question is what's next 
for Foster Wheeler? Now, the Strategic Renewal Initiative, which we launched in June of last year, [inaudible]. 

Now I should probably clarify also that this initiative was primarily focused on the E&C business. Also there was – 
there are some clear synergies with our Global Power Group as well as you will all see in just a few minutes. So what I 
would like to do here is really summarize in a few slides the key areas of activity that will define the path forward for 
us. Now for competitive reasons, we cannot go into extensive detail about this work and there is a lot we have not 
distributed, but we would like to give you a selected thesis of the story. 

So if you turn now to slide 23, you will see that we began the process of Strategic Renewal Initiative with an analysis 
of the key market trends underpinning our E&C strategy. And this can be boiled down to three trends. First, with the 
strong demand for our services in various parts of the world where we have or intend to have a presence, and this 
demand is in the end markets that are very important to us, such as downstream and upstream. 

Second, we see our clients continuing to push for the localization of engineering services. And third, we've seen 
increasing importance of technology in the build out of energy production. 

Now [inaudible], let's go right to the four basic elements of our strategy on slide 24. Now this is a very condensed 
summary of what we intend to do. So first on the left, it's called business optimization. Now the key message is that we 
will focus on continuous improvement in the breadth and depth of our ability to execute EPC contracts, which is 
exactly what our clients want from us. 

In box B, the key message is geographic expansion, including the way in which we address client requirements for 
local execution. In order for us to accomplish our objectives in this area, we will make acquisitions when appropriate 
and also we will engage new partners and alliances when appropriate. 

Now I'll ask Michael to cover the other two elements on this slide. 

Michael S. Liebelson, Chief Development Officer and Executive Vice President 

Thank you, Umberto. Now, we'll look at the third box on this slide, box C. We want to extend certain of our business 
lines and capabilities to adjacent areas of competence. This will include ongoing efforts to grow our presence in 
upstream oil and gas and also expansion of our presence in other areas such as engineering services for the mining and 
metals industry. 

Our growth efforts will have an important organic component but these are also areas where we may focus our 
acquisition efforts. Now the final box on this slide talks about new business models and technologies. This is an area 
where we want to challenge ourselves to think outside the box in developing new offerings, technologies and processes. 

The next two slides give you examples of what we have in mind with the objectives outlined in boxes C and D. 

Now turning to slide 25 is an amplification of what you just saw in box C, business line extension. This gives you more 
color on our view of metals and mining. Obviously you heard Chris mention a couple of our recent wins in these 
markets. Building on our existing position, we have identified the specific metals listed here being the kinds of projects 
where we are a natural and/or potential participant. 

I say that because these are kinds of projects that rely heavily on two areas that we are already very good at: mainly 
process engineering and project execution in challenging remote locations. Again growth here and in other areas such 
as upstream will come two ways: organically and through acquisitions. 


Slide 26 is our attempt to show you just one example of what we mean by new business models. We have a good track 
record developing what we call Build/Own/Operate projects. We provide the technology, often a boiler or some other 
sort of specialized engineering product, and then we take an equity interest in the project. Again, this is unlikely to ever 
be the central business model for Foster Wheeler as a whole. But we do think there could be a surprising number of 
opportunities here that are just not on the radar screen for most folks. 

The diagram on this page illustrates the marriage of our delayed coker unit and CFP technologies into a 
Build/Own/Operate offering that we call Petropower. Rather than being totally new, this concept was implemented by 
Foster Wheeler in partnership with ENAP, the national oil company of Chile in the mid 1990s. And Foster Wheeler 
still operates and has a major ownership share of this facility. 

Slide 27 provides a list of technology themes in which we have a strong position, or are in the process of developing 
offerings, or are considering alliances or acquisitions. Near term, the objective is to package our existing know-how to 
enhance offerings to our customers. Longer-term, we would hope to create value to the company by accelerating the 
implementation of new technologies. 

Slide 28 sums it up. First, optimize the core business; second, grow the core business; third, extend our capabilities into 
adjacent end-markets such as mining and metal services; and fourth, press our market advantage with new business 
models and technologies. 

As we execute our strategy, we will be guided by the four guiding principles that you see spelled out on the right. 
Standing still is not an option for the company or its shareholders. Our markets are changing, and we intend to stay out 
in front of that change. We will maintain our focus on operating excellence and high-performance. Anybody who 
works with Umberto knows that this is a must. Third, we will never lose sight of the fact that our actions must be 
justifiable and obtainable within the context of competitive positioning. And fourth, the key measure of success would 
our ability to win business and generate material EBITDA increases for the company over time. 

That concludes our prepared remarks. 

W. Scott Lamb, Vice President, Investor Relations 
Thanks, Michael. Operator, we're ready to go to a Q&A. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Mike Dudas with Jefferies & Company. 

<Q - Michael S. Dudas>: Hi, good morning gentlemen, or afternoon rather. 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: Good 
afternoon, yeah. 

<Q - Michael S. Dudas>: Yeah, first I guess let's focus on the strategic initiative. Two things: one, the timeframe for 
measuring and producing results from these initiatives and how material they may be for investors and others to judge 
the success or failure of such. 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: Now the 
timeframe, we are looking at five years to really develop this strategy and get the result. The intensive quantification of 
the results, I don't believe we are going to give you at this point an indication. 

<A - Michael S. Liebelson, Chief Development Officer and Executive Vice President>: But I would say that – I 
would say that a number of the initiatives could result in improvements in our performance in the near term even 


though the measurement is over the five-year period and that's the planning period. 

<Q - Michael S. Dudas>: Secondly, with regard to organic versus acquisitions, do you – is this something that we 
would start to see much more aggressiveness and much more activity off the balance sheet over the next couple of 
years, especially getting into again a new business like metals and mining which certainly has a great visibility in 
projects, but certainly is getting a lot more competitive as that market expands? 

<A - Michael S. Liebelson, Chief Development Officer and Executive Vice President>: I think – thank you very 
much. I think there are areas where we can extend our capabilities and services, and the best way for us to do that is 
through acquisitions that gain us access to clients and access to the track record that we don't otherwise have. And 
mining and metals is a perfect example of that. Now whether there will be a particular acquisition and what size that 
will be is a function of the potential targets that we see out there and the rigorous type analysis that we would go 
through in evaluating any type of acquisition. 

<Q - Michael S. Dudas>: And my final question is regarding the new business model concept, for some of us who 
have followed the company for a little while, how differentiated is this new business model versus what the old Foster 
Wheeler used to do? You're leveraging the technology in the boilers and I won't bring up some of those other issues 
that happened in Illinois and such, how comfortable or how aggressive will Foster Wheeler be in making this a 
significant leg towards its value strategy? 

<A - Michael S. Liebelson, Chief Development Officer and Executive Vice President>: Well, I think there is two 
things here that are very different. First is the opportunities we are seeing for Build/Own/Operate are in stable countries 
and areas of the world, but these are areas that we did not participate in as a company in the mid '90s in 
Build/Own/Operate. Second is, is this continued dominance that we have in our circulating fluidized bed technology. 
And when we look at things in terms of putting that together with our engineering services, the fact that we're the 
market leader in delayed coking and we are – have a very high share of CFB boilers that burn petroleum coke gives us 
some ability to fit projects together in ways that we didn't do earlier – in earlier decades. 

<A - Franco Baseotto, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President>: Maybe I would also like 
to add, Michael, that we have been developing successful BOO projects particularly in Italy in the past years and you 
can be assured that we will apply to any BOO opportunity the same rigorous risk management processes that we have 
now firmly implemented within the company. 

<Q - Michael S. Dudas>: I appreciate your comments. Thank you, gentlemen. 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: You're 
welcome. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Will Gabrielski with Gleacher. 

<Q - Will Gabrielski>: Yes, thank you. Good morning, everybody, or good afternoon. The – two questions really; first 
is part of the Strategic Renewal, something the new CEO of Fluor mentioned when he took over and something I've 
heard from a few people is the concept of wanting to self-perform more work. And I'm wondering if you guys have 
thought about that as part of you strategy also? 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: Sorry, can 
you repeat the question because [inaudible] 

<Q - Will Gabrielski>: Sure. The concept of self-performing more of your work in general, so extending your 
presence on a project and doing it more with Foster Wheeler employees, has that come up as an idea in general? 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: Yeah. Now 
let's say that – I believe that you mainly referred to construction? 


<Q - Will Gabrielski>: Yes. 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: Now, yes that 
is part of the strategy. We are planning to improve our capabilities in this area with executions, but not overall over the 
world, but in certain specific locations where we believe that taking this capability will give us more opportunities to 
compete in the market. 

<Q - Will Gabrielski>: Okay. And this is more of a strategic question as well. Mining and metals, it's not really a 
unique concept at this point, we've seen Jacobs, KDR, Sevra Petrotech, Caterpillar, et cetera, say that that market is 
very attractive and obviously we're – it's going to be very competitive to buy a company there. Is this more of an 
organic strategy if you had to look out two or three years? And obviously, the risk there is that you get a company and 
by the time you integrate it, that you're closer to the top of the cycle than the bottom of the cycle? And I wonder why 
that's more valuable to you than looking at the bottom of the refining cycle and going out and being more aggressive 
with the buyback? I noticed you didn't buy any stock in the fourth quarter. 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: Okay. I'll let 
Michael answer the first question. 

<A - Michael S. Liebelson, Chief Development Officer and Executive Vice President>: Yeah. With metals and 
mining it's really a two-pronged strategy. So we are looking at that organically through our office in Santiago in Chile. 
We are bidding and winning jobs out of Santiago, and we've also done such out of our Houston office in the U.S. for 
Canada. From a inorganic point of view, from our perspective if we have a market that we foresee to be growing and 
continuing to grow, and especially in metals and mining, you have the ongoing requirement for new projects to deal 
with depletion of existing mineral reserves that whether we're first into that market or second or third in isn't what's 
important in this, it's that we have a good execution model and a good strategy to move forward. 

Now, what we are seeing here which is different in metals and mining is that with the lower ore grades there is a need 
for more refining type processing which feeds right up into what we are very good at. And I think that's a difference 
that we've seen and we're going to be very selective in terms of how we might look at acquisition candidates to 
approach that specific area. 

<Q - William Gabrielski>: Okay, that's very helpful. Lastly, Libya, just that I know you have a project there. I'm 
guessing it's pretty much – it's in the later stages at this point. Can you just comment on your direct exposure and any 
impact you've seen? 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: No, listen, 
fortunately enough, we have no exposure to this country. So actually we had reappropriated our last work release from 
a guardian in Libya yesterday morning. There is nobody in the country, we are executing a small P&C project for our 
refineries [inaudible], and we don't have anybody in the other countries which are affected by the social, political 
unrest. We do have some work in Nigeria, but this is a kind of field work which is executed out of the Paris office, so 
we don't have anybody in the country. So we have no concerns in terms of the safety of our people in those countries. 
And also from a business point of view, we have not much exposure there. 

<A - Chris Brown, Managing Director, Global Sales and Marketing, E&C Group>: Will, if you're referring to the 
[inaudible] that's also now completed. 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: Yeah, it's 
over. 

<Q - William Gabrielski>: Okay, good news. Thank you very much. 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: You're 
welcome. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Andy Kaplowitz with Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: Good afternoon, guys. 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: Hi, Andy. 

<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: In 2010 you had a pretty good sequential backlog increase for most of the year in both of your 
divisions. As you look at 2011 I know that you said there are more prospects, there's more bidding activity, there is also 
just as much competition. How confident are you that you can grow backlog in both divisions in 2011? 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: I believe 
based on what we see today in the market, I think we are confident by the end of 2011 we will have a higher backlog 
and hopefully nothing is going to happen to upset the work, and so [inaudible] managed well. But based on what we 
see, yes, I can say that we'll see an increasing backlog by the end of 2011. 

<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: And, Umberto, in both divisions in Power, too? 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: Yes, yes. 

<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: Okay. And in E&C, the geographic strength, is it sort of balanced between the Middle East, 
Latin America and Asia or is there one geographic area that's stronger than the others in terms of prospects? 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: I'll let Chris – 
Chris will answer this. 

<A - Chris Brown, Managing Director, Global Sales and Marketing, E&C Group>: No, I think it would be fair to 
conclude that if you look at the overall sales funnel and pipeline as well as the top prospects, we've got a very good 
geographic diversity within our prospects. So we don't think we are heavily exposed to one region. We think we're very 
well diversified. 

<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: Okay. And then if I could shift gears and talk about margins for a second. You clearly said 
margins at 10% are too low, but you had margins of 13% in E&C and they've been going down each quarter for the last 
few quarters. You've given out guidance of 13% to 15%. And Franco has said in the past that sort of 15% or so was sort 
of trough. So 13% to 15% seems pretty low and 13% did seem pretty low in the quarter. You also mentioned more 
bidding costs in the quarter, and maybe if you could sort of weave in there an update on Pluto. I know Pluto's costs are 
reimbursable, but is there anything unusual that's sort of affecting your margins and making them 13% in the quarter? 

<A - Franco Baseotto, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President>: Andy, this is Franco. I 
believe really that the driver for the margin decline has been lower as-sold margin that we did both in '09 and '10 and 
then it starts to flow into our P&L and impact the margin more than in previous quarter. We did have fewer profit 
enhancement opportunity, if we look at quarter and also if we look at the full year 2010 compared to prior year. To a 
lesser extent also our absorption and utilization rate and I'm talking about of course Engineering & Construction has 
impacted the margin. 

In Q4, of course, in addition to the impairment charge, we also have timing of recognition of some general overhead 
expense, but the run rate for Q4 was around 13%, if we normalize for some items. And again this was really very quiet 
quarter in terms of profit enhancement opportunity. And again, a bit more of lower as-sold margin are flowing into our 
topline. 

Once again, I think we have mentioned 2011 and Umberto said, it is going to be a transition year, so it is true margin 
are down in both business groups, revenues are up, which is what we have guided for both groups. And it's fair to say 
that the impact of this increased market activity will start to be reflected in our account in 2011 but only marginally 
since we still have backlog to burn in E&C. 


In GPG, in Global Power, I think the margin story is different in that the margin in 2010 as we have discussed I think 
on a couple of call has been aided, at it was true also in the last quarter, by cost savings on contracts that were booked 
in prior year in a higher commodity price environment. Now as this contract come near to completion, we are not 
expecting the same type of profit upside to be realized in 2011 so that in large part explains the decline in margin 
guidance for Global Power. 

<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: Okay, Franco. That's fair. But is it fair to say that you have a pretty significant utilization 
problem in 4Q that will slowly be rectified in 2011? So if pricing just stays the same, we should see margins slowly 
start rise again from 13%. I mean I know what your guidance is, but just in terms of trend. 

<A - Franco Baseotto, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President>: Andy, I would say that 
you are correct in that as the top-line growth we will have some operating leverage. I would not describe, however, the 
amount of absorption and utilization that we – issues that we had in Q4 as material to the margins that we have booked 
in Q4 on the P&L. 

<Q - Andy Kaplowitz>: Okay. I'll let someone else have a chance. Thank you. 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: All right. 

Operator 

The next question comes from the line of Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Joe Ritchie>: Hi, everyone. Following up on Andy's questions on margins. He asked most of them. The one 
question I have though is really the trajectory as we start to get into 2012 and as your backlog continues to build though 
'11, given that you just said you expect backlog to build in both of your segments, you'd expect utilization to improve. 
Is it fair to say that the as-sold margins from here on out are going to get better? And then as you get into 2012 it's 
likely that we're going to see margin improvement in '12 from the guidance that you gave in '11 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: The 
[inaudible] is what we expect because certainly we expect – let me talk about first of all about competition. We have 
not seen any relief of competitive pressure in the fourth quarter. Now, and I don't believe that we are going to see any 
major change until the second half of 2011. So we do expect the bookings that we landed in the last part of the year will 
be a better match. And therefore this will reflect into 2011 – 2012, sorry. 

2011, now we define 2011 as a transition year. Now have to digest what we booked in 2009 and 2010. And this is a 
good portion what we liquidate in terms of [inaudible] over the year. So there is no way we can let's say improve the 
margins more than what we have guided. But, with new bookings, that part of the year, we are confident that margin 
can go up. 

<Q - Joe Ritchie>: Okay. All right, well that's fair. And I guess one other question that I had was really relating to the 
CEO transition. I didn't hear you mention it on the call earlier and I was just wondering if we can just get an update on 
how that transition process is working? 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: Let's say that 
the process is ongoing and that this is in the hands of the Board. So the Board is going through the process, it's 
proceeding. But there is nothing yet I can say. What I can tell you is that so far we manage the company fairly well. 
And we can manage the company even with an interim CEO. 

<Q - Joe Ritchie>: Well, let me ask it in other way. Is it possible that you're liking the seat Umberto and it's possible 
that you're going to stay in it? 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: I cannot 
answer, I cannot – this is in the hands of the Board, I mean 



<Q - Joe Ritchie>: Okay, all right. Great, thanks for answering my questions. 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: You're 
welcome. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Yuri Lynk with Canaccord Genuity. 

<Q - Yuri Lynk>: Good afternoon, guys. 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: Good 
morning. 

<Q - Yuri Lynk>: Just back on the CEO search. How do we think about that and the Strategic Renewal process? Do 
we need to have a fulltime CEO in place before you can make a move on anything that you've laid out on the call and 
on the slide deck today? 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: Absolutely, 
not. Actually, these two strategies [inaudible] implementation. We already started to move along the directions we 
explain to you. It's a work in progress. So we are not going to wait for a permanent CEO to be involved to implement 
the strategy. The Board is fully supportive of this strategy, and I believe it is part of what the Board is going to present 
to prospective CEOs in terms of deciding how to run the company. But this is work in progress already. 

<Q - Yuri Lynk>: Okay. 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: Honestly, I 
don't expect any different strategy for this company at this stage. 

<Q - Yuri Lynk>: Okay. A follow-up on the strategy to Build/Own/Operate. Firstly, would you be looking at 100% 
equity participation or would you look to partner on some of these projects? And what exactly would you be taking an 
equity stake in, would it be just the boiler or the whole plant? 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: Yeah, 
Michael will answer the question now. 

<A - Michael S. Liebelson, Chief Development Officer and Executive Vice President>: Yeah. I think the first thing 
that you have to do for a successful BOO project is you have to mitigate your risk and you have to confirm that the 
investment you're making is well protected. And on both of those scores, number one, we would I think almost 
universally only consider a Build/Own/Operate project where we have non-recourse project finance debt supporting it 
so that we're only looking at putting an equity and that equity would not be – the debt would not be recoursed to Foster 
Wheeler's balance sheet. And the equity would be a limited exposure to the equity commitment in the project. 

The second thing is we also believe that it is good to have a partner that is a financial partner, so that you can re-verify 
the economics for the project and the risks that you've mitigated in the project structure. With respect to what would we 
take ownership of, typically you would have to take ownership in the entire power plant project. In the Petropower 
example we gave to you, and we don't know how often that will be duplicated, that project structure had within the 
project finance entity both the delayed coking units and the CFB boiler-based power plant and we are an owner of that 
entire project entity. 

In Italy, we have wind projects which you may be familiar with, we own – and waste-to-energy projects, which we own 
in partnership with others and those are all projects financed with non-recourse project debt. 

<Q - Yuri Lynk>: Forgive me if I'm ignorant on this, but isn't that – isn't ownership of the whole power plant what you 
were doing 15 years ago? I'm just trying to get to the difference this time around so we don't have similar missteps. 


<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: You're 
referring to [inaudible]? 

<Q - Yuri Lynk>: Yes. 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: I believe that 

– honestly I worked somewhere else at that time, so I was not involved. I believe that the way we financed the project 
is different from what Michael has just told you. And we are not going to do it again. So as Franco, we learned our 
lesson, we have successfully done it in Italy. All projects are doing very well. Petropower is a project where we have 
done [inaudible]. And last but not least I should like to mention that Michael has done it in his previous life 
successfully. Correct, Mike? So there is a lot of experience that will be on the table to help us implement this business 
model successfully. 
<A - Michael S. Liebelson, Chief Development Officer and Executive Vice President>: And we don't want to 
over-emphasize that. I would say the Build/Own/Operate is something we're considering as one of the many business 
models, some of which we didn't talk about today. And I wouldn't think that's something that you need to consider right 
now in the evaluation of the company. You will hear about these in advance. 

<Q - Yuri Lynk>: Gotcha. That's fair, okay. And last one if I may before I turn it over, just quickly on – given that 
you're looking at the mining space and other areas on the oil and gas side, what are you seeing in terms of multiple 
differential mining versus say upstream? I'll turn it over, thanks. 

<A - Michael S. Liebelson, Chief Development Officer and Executive Vice President>: Well again, mining we're 
talking – we're not getting into the mining business, we're talking about providing engineering services to the mining 
and metals industry. And those engineering services are typically done on a limited liability basis. You don't see a lot of 
LSTK type projects. And you do see somewhat more reimbursable type work. So we would think the multiple being 
approximately the same as our base business. 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: Yeah, and by 
the way let me say something. This is not completely new to us because we have been involved in large mining projects 
in Australia. So these are business which we understand. So it's a natural extension of what we are doing and whether 
you can leverage as we said during the call, our capabilities, managing large complex processes with unique operations 
which are not different from a chemical point. 

<Q - Yuri Lynk>: Thanks for taking my questions. 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Peter Chang>: Hi, it's actually Peter Chang in for Jamie. Thanks for taking my question. You mentioned a $123 
million scope removal for an E&C project in Asia, could you expand on that? Was that – what was that exactly? 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: We have – 
unfortunately we cannot disclose the project. But let me say that apart from the size of the descoping, this is not 
unusual in our business. This was a reimbursable contract, and we typically work with our client to implement the best 
execution strategy, and it is not unusual that we change the execution of strategy as we go, you could see constraints, 
you could see issues that need to – that require a change in the execution strategy. So these are positive measures. 

As I said we cannot disclose the name of the client, but this was agreed with the client while we were fairly advanced in 
the engineering, we were fairly advanced in the procurement toward the [inaudible], but then we decided to change the 
execution strategy when it came to construction and residual engineering and procurement. We will continue to be 
involved in this project. We will grow our project management scope. And we believe that these execution plans gives 


to the project more chances to be successful. So, nothing unusual, this is part of the business. The only thing that's 
unusual is maybe the size of the descoping because the project is a fairly large project. 

<A - Franco Baseotto, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President>: And I would add that 
the change in execution strategy was in large part driven by local requirement which was specific to that. 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: I would say 
local constraints which were not fully, let's say taken into consideration where, when the original strategy was 
conceived and agreed with the client. So this was agreed with the client. 

<Q - Peter Chang>: Okay, thank you. And I believe this was asked, but I'm not sure if it was answered. What is the 
strategy with the share repo going forward? I noticed – it doesn't appear that there was any in the fourth quarter. 

<A - Franco Baseotto, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President>: Yeah, I don't think this 
has changed much and just to be clear with – because of the absence of repurchase in Q4 has surfaced already a couple 
of time. As I think you know as a matter of practice, we have executed also our share repurchases under 10b5 plan that 
I set up in an open trading window, and as a matter of practice we don't change those plans once they are placed. And 
the price level at the time of the plan placement is one of the factors that influences the amount of shares that we 
actually end up buying in any given period. I believe the share price dynamics in the last quarter and what I just 
described in terms of progress should explain the lack of activity in Q4. Now we have a $500 million of authorized 
capacity available and I can guarantee that share repurchases remain one of our priorities in terms of capital 
deployment. 

<Q - Peter Chang>: Great. Thank you. I'll get back in queue. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher with UBS. 

<Q - Steven Fisher>: Hi, just a follow-up on the buyback question. So I guess the question is how easy is it to go and 
change the parameters of the plan that you've set up in order to change the stock prices that you've established where 
you would buy back stock? 

<A - Franco Baseotto, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President>: Again as a matter of 
practice we tend to place 10b5 in open trading window and when the open trading window closes we don't change 
those plan and we think this is, just from our point of view, good practice. So we can operate, we can do open market 
transaction and we have done some of those in the past, but we are always doing open trading window, our pattern with 
this respect is once the open trading window closes, we have a 10b5 in place and that has governed our repurchases. 

<Q - Steven Fisher>: Okay. Shifting gears over to margins again. I'm sure there is some variability of margins in the 
E&C prospects that you see out there. I guess I'm just wondering how you account for the variability in the guidance 
that you gave? 

<A - Franco Baseotto, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President>: I think this is par of our 
normal process of preparing any plan. We actually build it up looking at any single contract in our backlog and looking 
at our prospect list. So, the guidance that we have given is really reflecting that the [inaudible] margin on any single 
contract in backlog and/or prospect plus assumption of course on new business that is going to be booked, then is still 
not 100% identified in our sales pipeline. So it's really bottom-up approach, and it drives the average expected margin 
with of course a lot of variability contract-by-contract and prospect-by-prospect. 

<Q - Steven Fisher>: Okay. And what special items were there in that $37 million corporate line that made it so high? 
I think you mentioned $7 million of severance. What were other things there? And what could the run rate be going 
forward? 


<A - Franco Baseotto, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President>: We of course had the 
$13.2 million of impairment charge on our Build/Own/Operate. We had an increase in [inaudible] proposal, which is 
something that is consistent with what he have said in terms of increased market activity. We had some timing of 
general overhead, so all-in-all I'm not saying this was a very strong quarter, because it was not, but just that the $37 is 
not a run rate for looking at our numbers. 

<Q - Steven Fisher>: Okay. So that $13.2 million was in the corporate, not in E&C? 

<A - Franco Baseotto, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President>: Sorry. $13.2 million is 
in the E&C Group. You were asking about CNS? 

<Q - Steven Fisher>: Yeah. 

<A - Franco Baseotto, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President>: So CNS was really the 
$7.1 million et cetera that was the main factor affecting the CNS segment reporting. And then again we had some 
timing of recognition of general overhead expense, some of which related to [inaudible] domestication, probably 
another $5 million I would add to that $7 million in terms of items that would not be recurring. In terms of our SG&A 
expenses just if you want to think moving away from the quarter to the full year, we are expecting SG&A in 2011 to be 
substantially flat to 2010. But we are expecting to increase our sales and proposal effort in 2011. So we are expecting to 
invest a material amount of money on our sales and proposal. And we are expecting our general overhead to offset that 
investment in business development activity. So if you want to think about '11 rather than on a quarter-by-quarter basis, 
I would guide to flat SG&A expenses on a consolidated basis. 

<Q - Steven Fisher>: Okay. And just last on the Strategic Renewal. How target-rich do you think the marketplace is 
for mining engineering services and would you expect to service Tier 1 mining companies or would it be smaller – 
smaller company, customer based, or are you just trying to provide differentiated services that would cut across 
customers? 

<A - Michael S. Liebelson, Chief Development Officer and Executive Vice President>: Yeah. I don't really want to 
provide a comment right now on the target list or who we might consider as possible partners. And I forgot what the 
second part of the question there was. 

<Q - Steven Fisher>: I was just really wondering, I mean are there many companies out there that you could buy in 
this area or is it a rather small list? And then are you just trying to cut across the mining customer base with whatever 
services you're aiming to provide? 

<A - Michael S. Liebelson, Chief Development Officer and Executive Vice President>: I mean yes, I think we want 
to focus on the types of more complex processing that occurs with the precious metals and less on the services for 
example on – for coal or for iron ore. 

<Q - Steven Fisher>: Okay, I will follow-up. Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Matt Tucker with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 

<Q - Matt Tucker>: Hi, thanks. Just have a couple more questions on margins. You've indicated that the lower margin 
guidance for 2011 reflects the difficult environment in which you booked a lot of that work in 2009, 2010. You also 
indicated you haven't seen really any improvement in the competitive environment. So is it safe to assume that the 
works you're bidding currently carry similar – carry job margins that are similar to your margin guidance for 2011? 

<A>: Yes. 

<A - Michael S. Liebelson, Chief Development Officer and Executive Vice President>: Yes, that's a correct 
assumption. 


<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: Yes. Now, let 
me say that this would be [inaudible] regions where we could see better margins, but overall [inaudible]. 

<Q - Matt Tucker>: Okay. Is there any potential for upside to your margin guidance in 2011 and what would have to 
happen to see that or to really get to the high end of your margin guidance? 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: Listen, based 
on what we know today, that's our best guidance. 

<Q - Matt Tucker>: Okay, thanks. And then just looking at the fourth quarter and the E&C margin decline there, you 
indicated there was some weakness in utilization. With that said, the scope revenues were actually stronger than the 
first and third quarter and kind of inline with the run rate for the year, but margins were down pretty materially. So, can 
you provide a little more color on utilization issues that you alluded to? 

<A - Franco Baseotto, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President>: Again, this is we had 
some unbalanced work in some of the units, but again I would not overplay the importance of the under-absorption that 
we had that was not the key driver for margin decline, which is really more the as-sold margin that we had both in '09 
and '10. A way to look at the margin once again for Q4, if we take out some of the noise, the impairment charge and 
some of the timing of general overhead, which did impact also the E&C Group, I think we should think about Q4 
around 13%, 13.5% margin for E&C rather than the reported 10%. 

<Q - Matt Tucker>: Thank you. 

<A - Franco Baseotto, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President>: So at the low end of the 
guidance for '11, if you like. 

<Q - Matt Tucker>: Got it, that's helpful. And just lastly, I think no surprise that you indicated the competitive 
environment in the Middle East, in particular remains from pretty intense, but are there any other – are there any 
regions or end markets outside of the Middle East where you're beginning to see signs of pressure easing or you're 
optimistic that you could see that later in the year? 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: No. Not 
today, not today. 

<Q - Matt Tucker>: All right. Thank you very much. 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: You're 
welcome. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from line of Robert Connors with Stifel, Nicolaus. 

<Q - Robert Connors>: Hey, good afternoon. How are you? 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: Hi. Good 
morning. 

<Q - Robert Connors>: Yeah, just real quick, looking at shifting the services that Foster Wheeler will offer to expand 
more into EPC, is this a strategic move to capture more work that you are currently seeing from recent, quote, strategic 
wins? And then also in addition to that, what sort of capacity expansions can we expect to see going forward to achieve 
this goal? And will it be more along the lines of what we saw in 2006 or will you be able to leverage your existing 
capacity? 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: Okay, let me 
answer the first question. Now, the decision to go EPC instead of FEED with PNC was taken years ago. Actually, it 


was taken when we went through our first strategic renewal initiative with Ray, if you recall, this was around 2003, 
2004 and we decided to really focus all of our efforts in EPC-type projects. So this is nothing new. This is our bread 
and butter. 

Now, why we have this focus on EPC execution. Because this is our core business and we are talking about further 
investing on improving our EPC execution capabilities, not only in operations which are well established like in our 

U.S. and Europe and now Asia, but also in other regions where we are going to develop new operations. So EPC is by 
the way – I'm absolutely positive. EPC is what our clients want. They want us to deliver projects safely, in budget and 
[inaudible]. So that's our core business, and if we do that, we can also successfully expand in our business like metals 
and mining. 
So when you – this is – it's just a prudent investment to include our EPC execution capability, and as I said, there are 
areas of the world where we need to invest to further improve our construction capabilities where direct-type 
construction is a plus. Second question, I think I forget it, so if you don't mind, can you repeat it? 

<Q - Robert Connors>: Yeah. Just – what sort of capacity expansions can we expect from this going forward? Will it 
be, can you leverage your existing capacity or will it be something like what we saw in 2006 regarding debt channels? 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: Okay. let me 
say that – as you said, we went through an incredible impressive growth from 2004 to 2007, 2008. Now, yes we have 
readjusted our capacity based on the market but today our capacity is much larger than the capacity we had when we 
started the last cycle. And by the way, this has been by design. So we try to maintain our capacity to minimize the 
reduction of capacity to be able to further grow with the new cycle. So I think we'll be in a much better position today 
to further grow the capacity in respect to the previous cycle. This was by design. I believe we can support a substantial 
growth with the current infrastructure we have in the company. 

<Q - Robert Connors>: Okay, thanks and just real quick, are you comfortable with current head count in the 2011 or 
could we see like just slight increase? 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: Well, listen, 
we see an increase. Now, let me clarify, yes we have reduced the capacity, but this has been done without substantially 
affecting our core capabilities, because we have reduced capacity by reducing wages to people, we have reduced 
capacity by limiting or minimizing the amount of work we outsource other local operations. So, certainly we see an 
improvement in our capacity. We're starting from a basic infrastructure which is much stronger than what we had in the 
previous cycle. 

<Q - Robert Connors>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: Welcome. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Chase Jacobson with Sterne Agee. 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: Jason. 

<Q - Chase Jacobson>: Yeah, hi. Just quickly on the E&C revenue guidance. Given the fact that awards have 
improved pretty much all year, book-to-bill pretty strong, should we assume backlog burn gets back to the more 
historical levels that we saw in '07 to '09 as we get into '11 and '12? 

<A - Franco Baseotto, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President>: I wouldn't go into that 
type of detailed guidance, and for the time being our -- we are guiding you to the fact that we are going to see increased 
topline, but will we see it in terms of how quickly that accelerates in terms of accrual throughout the year, that's also a 
function of the timing of booking in 2011, so for the time being our guidance is expect topline growth but we are not 
going to be providing any more color than this. 


<Q - Chase Jacobson>: Okay, that's – everything else I had has been answered. Thanks. 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Rob Norfleet with BB&T Capital Markets. 

<Q - Rob Norfleet>: Hi, most of my questions have been answered. I just had a quick one again on margins. As you 
kind of said in your commentary, if things obviously continue to progress, hopefully in the second half of this year 
2011, hopefully you'll be booking work at prices or margins that are somewhat back inline – I won't say an 
improvement of where they are now, maybe back in line with traditional margins. If that's the case from a timing 
perspective, what should we assume in terms as that work, if it's booked in the second half of this year, when should we 
see that flow through the P&L? Is it a second half of '12 or is it a '13 type of event? And would it be more front-end 
loaded with E&C and – with the Power bookings probably lagging in terms of when they realize – in terms of revenue 
recognition? 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: Again, I 
think as you know we execute long-term contracts, and some of profit opportunity that we have been successful to 
capture on those contracts are not coming linearly and they tend to be back-ended. So if we, as we expect, would start 
to book better margins the second half of the year, we expect that to flow into our financial statement in 2012 and in 
following year 2013. So that that's not just going to be one year lag, it's going to start improving in 2010, and probably 
still in 2012 [inaudible] positive influence in 2013. So we are going to build up the backlog with better average margin 
and therefore we will start delivering better margin in the P&L. 

<Q - Rob Norfleet>: Okay. And should we see any change in 2011 as it relates to the amount of book and burn work 
we see on a quarterly basis? 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: No, we have 
not seen anything that is structurally different what we've always seen and just as a reminder, we are in a lumpy 
business, this is true about bookings, this is true to a certain about margins. This is not going to change. So you will still 
see quarter to quarter changes but in the direction, as we said, in terms of profitability for '11, expect a pick up in 
market activity and better booking margin. But again, on a quarter-to-quarter basis we have not seen any different from 
what has taken place in prior year or in prior cycles. 

<Q - Rob Norfleet>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

<A - Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer>: Welcome. 

Operator 

There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor over to management for closing remarks. 

Umberto della Sala, President, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief 
Operating Officer 

Okay. Thank you everybody for joining the call and have a good day. Bye now. 

Operator 


Thank you for joining today's fourth quarter 2010 earnings call. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


