Q4 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Patrick Flanigan, Director, Investor Relations 
• Henri A. Termeer, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Michael S. Wyzga, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer 
• John Butler, Senior Vice President; President, Cardiometabolic & Renal 
• Mark J. Enyedy, Senior Vice President; President, Oncology & Multiple Sclerosis 
• Geoff McDonough, Senior Vice President 
• David Meeker 
Other Participants 

• Davis Bu 
• Brian Abrahams 
• Michael Yee 
• Jim Birchenough 
• Eun Yang 
• Geoffrey Meacham 
• Michael Aberman 
• Yaron Werber 
• Salveen Kochnover 
• Geoffrey Porges 
• Aaron Reames 
• Phil Nadeau 
• Bill Tanner 
• Rachel McMinn 
• Shiv Kapoor 
• Jon Stephenson 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, and welcome to the Genzyme Corporation's Fourth Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. All 
participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] Also, this call is 
being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. 

I would like to turn the call over now to Mr. Patrick Flanigan, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may 
begin. 

Patrick Flanigan, Director, Investor Relations 

Thank you, Dory . And welcome everyone to Genzyme Corporation's fourth quarter and year-end 2009 earnings 
conference call. 


On this call, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those regarding our 2010 financial guidance, our 
Cerezyme and Fabrazyme re-supply plans, our manufacturing plans, our product development plans and regulatory 
timetables, and our assessment of the future of the business. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that 
may cause the actual results to differ from those forecasted. 

Please refer to the Risk Factors section of our September 30 10-Q on file with the SEC for more information on these 
risks. These statements speak only as of today's date and we undertake no duty to update or revise them. 

I will now hand the call over to Genzyme's Chairman and CEO, Henri Termeer. 

Henri A. Termeer, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Patrick, and thank you everybody for participating this morning. I have with me Mike Wyzga, our Chief 
Financial Officer; also Geoff McDonough, our – Genetic Disease area. He will be making some comments; John 
Butler, the Renal area and Mark Enyedy of the Oncology and Transplant area. All of them will make some comments. 
David Meeker is here. He will respond to comments related to manufacturing and other matters and Pam Williamson, 
who is the Head of our Regulatory, Global Regulatory Affairs side and she will make comments on anything related to 
regulatory affairs. 

2009 was a challenging year and I think all of us are very familiar with how challenging it was. But it was a year where 
the challenge was extremely well identified and very well defined. So we knew what we had to do, and we knew what 
we had to overcome. And 2010 is a year where we are very significantly recovering from the effects of this 
manufacturing interruption that we experienced. 

There were three areas that were impacted particularly here. One was Cerezyme, where we could not continue to 
supply all patients through last year. We restarted the production of Cerezyme in the August/September timeframe, and 
we started to get our product out. We started to ship the new product to patients in the December timeframe. And we 
are now two months into that experience. And I have to say, it is a very good experience. 85% of the patients in the 

U.S. are back on therapy. And we expect that to continue to grow. 
We are experiencing good manufacturing productivity. And we expect that also to continue to grow through this year, 
but it was a very good startup after this moment of sanitizing the plant, extremely good result. We are introducing an 
inventory buffer into the system that allows us to better work with patients in over 100 countries to schedule their 
infusions and so on. 

All in all, though, a very, very positive moment of recovery here that bodes well for the remainder of the year, bodes 
well for the market share of Cerezyme in this space. 

Fabrazyme has a slower recovery cycle, mainly because of the low productivity after the restart of the production of 
Fabrazyme. We talked about this together a few times and we worked, of course, all along extremely hard to precisely 
identify what it is that was causing this low productivity as compared to our historical experience. 

We identified that the Working Cell Bank is the culprit here. We introduced a new Working Cell Bank into the 
production of Fabrazyme in the early part of last year, and we have been working now very hard since September last 
year to, in a very comprehensive way, to develop a new Working Cell Bank that is more productive. We think we have 
exceeded. And we have now introduced this new Working Cell Bank into the 2,000 liter reactor, one of them, and we 
will also put it into the next one once that turns over again. And that will make, if we do get the kind of productivity 
that we are experiencing at a much smaller scale, that would very, very significantly change the picture on Fabrazyme. 
It actually, it will turn that picture around materially. 

And we would expect the output of this new Cell Bank first to become available in the June timeframe as output of this 
first reactor is becoming a released product. We need to work with regulators around the world to make sure that 
everybody is comfortable with this change. The change that we did make was really based on how we used to do things 
in the past so we expect that we will get pretty good hearing on this. And in any case, we are confident enough that we 


are actually implementing this new Cell Bank at this time. And so that's a very important development around 
Fabrazyme that I feel extremely encouraged about, and I'm sure the marketplace, the patients are also looking forward 
to the results of this. 

The third element was Lumizyme. Lumizyme was delayed for a number of years. We've all talked about it many times. 
It was a very expensive delay. We are supplying product free of charge to very severely impacted Pompe patients in the 

U.S. now for a few years. And then we were able to file in December again and BLA and modified BLA that was based 
off of the earlier filings and we got a new PDUFA date of June 17 for this year. We are basing our assumptions for 
Myozyme, Lumizyme revenues, in the guidance that you have seen on an introduction of – in an approved state of 
Lumizyme in the United States starting in July. So we look forward to it. 
There are no changes that I have become aware of in this in terms of the interaction with the FDA. We are very 
confident that indeed this is a very good possibility that we will get approval at that June timeframe. And maybe 
whenever everybody is ready, because in talking with the FDA about the need for this product to become more broadly 
available in the United States, I have to say it is – we are very much aligned with the agency to make sure that we do 
what's right to make this product available. So hopefully we can do that even potentially a little bit earlier than the June 
timeframe. 

So these are the three things that held us back. It was the Cerezyme picture, the Fabrazyme picture, the Lumizyme 
picture, and I say all of them at this stage as compared to six months ago, all this stage are finding very good traction, 
and that bodes well for 2010. But it also causes of course is a relatively steep curve on the earnings side during the year 
and that was described in the press release. We would expect to exit the year about – at about $1.00 a share, 
non-GAAP, but including amortization, and that's clearly is on a steep curve, versus the earlier part of the year. 

And we work very hard also on the – improving our ability to increasing our capability to manufacture both in terms of 
basic capacity and redundancy of capacity. That is requiring investments, both in people and in equipment and plant, 
and we are quite determined to make sure that the whole manufacturing picture is at the complete different level once 
we are done with it. And so we don't have the kind of interruption that we experienced last year. 

We changed the leadership of the manufacturing operations and you heard the announcements around that, Ron 
Branning, joined us from Gilead where he was Chief Compliance Officer in charge of all quality control efforts. He 
was also six, seven years with Genentech, excellent individual with a lot of experience in very complex manufacturing 
circumstances. 

We also were very fortunate to attract Scott Canute, who was President of Manufacturing Operations for Eli Lilly, and 
helped guide them through a very difficult period when they had their challenges and he will be on board with us 
March 1. 

And so beyond the things that I mentioned which are all LSD, Lysosomal Storage Disease product, there are a number 
of other things and they hopefully will come up during today's call, because they are remarkable. As you see from the 
guidance, the hemo business, or the GTO business, the Oncology business, including Thymoglobulin, which has a big 
oncology component globally, is closing in on $800 million next year. Very positive growth rate and becoming very 
material and it is actually the first year that it starts to make a significant bottom line contribution to the corporation. 

Renvela in Europe, where we got half the approval for CKD, has a very interesting route ahead of it. The Genetic 
Diagnostic business has grown double-digits over a number of years and again we are predicting that to happen this 
year. Very interesting is Synvisc-One of course, and we are noticing increasing interest by many of you in that product. 
It has a long ways to go in terms of its growth rate, and in terms of its market penetration. And we will hear some 
comments about that during today as well. 

And there a number of late stage programs that are making progress, and we are investing in them. You notice a 
significant R&D increase year-on-year. Part of that is the investment in these late stage programs. Alemtuzumab is one 
year away from opening up the first phase III clinical trial that we hope will confirm the tremendous results that we've 
seen in the phase II. 


So next year, and during this year already, we are starting to prepare ourselves to develop that market. It is a very 
significant change in the marketplace going to once a year treatment versus the current practices. We reported on 
mipomersen earlier this quarter and we have two more trials that we will report on by mid-year. 

We will see the Ataluren results sometime in the first half of this year. And we saw the – noted the excitement of the 
small molecule for Gaucher disease that where we are accruing two phase III clinical trials. 

So the core of the company and the new areas of the company are both they fit extremely well and they are very robust 
in the way they are coming forward now. We are investing in those areas of the company that you know. We are not 
likely at this time to go outside for new investments until we really are well on track with the businesses that we have 
already within the corporation at this time. 

So with that, let me ask Mike Wyzga to run us through the financial results. 

Michael S. Wyzga, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial 
Officer 

Great, thank you, Henri. As Henri mentioned, 2009 was a year of significant challenges for Genzyme. As we 
previously reported, our full-year revenue decreased by approximately $90 million on a year-to-year basis. Just to put 
this a little bit in perspective, our volume reductions associated with the supply interruption reduced our top line by 
over $430 million year-to-year. 

Unfavorable currency impact further reduced the top line by additional $115 million. While we did have increases in all 
of the areas which helped us mitigate both the impact and soften the blow of the volume reductions as well as the 
unfavorable currency, so our revenue came in as a decrease of approximately 2%. 

As you can see from our earnings per share crosswalk, during the fourth quarter, our GAAP net income was $23 
million. Now included in that GAAP net income is a negative impact of approximately $21 million in pre-tax 
manufacturing discrete items. These items predominantly will relate to the manufacturing inventory write-offs. 

Our revised GAAP to non-GAAP crosswalk now excludes only the impact of acquisition-related charges that were 
associated with the oncology assets from Bayer. That was $47 million, again on a pre-tax basis, as well as the 123R 
stock option expenses of $48 million. 

Our Q4 '09, GAAP net income was $83 million or $0.31 per diluted share and for the full year our non-GAAP net 
income was $621 million or $2.27 per diluted share. We already pre-announced our top line revenue at JP Morgan and 
those numbers haven't materially changed but let me touch on a few of the key points. 

The Genetic Disease segment, our largest segment, was significantly impacted by the manufacturing supply 
interruption and that decreased 20% year-to-year. Within the Cardiometabolic and Renal segment, including Thyrogen, 
it increased by about 6% on year-on-year basis, including the transition of Renvela. Thyrogen's revenue increased by 
15%, and it ended the year with $171 million, as Thyrogen is quickly becoming the standard of care for thyroid cancer 
testing. 

The Synvisc franchise, as Henry touched on, increased by about 25% and that was due to the strong Synvisc-One sales. 
Since its introduction in the United States, Synvisc-One is off to a very, very strong start and we expect to see that 
continue in 2010. 

In the Hemat Oncology area, the revenue increased predominantly due to the Bayer transaction, as well as the strong 
Mozobil revenue increases. This segment ended 2009 with revenue of about $300 million. 

Now as I mentioned in my opening, all of the other segments increased by approximately double digits of revenue on a 
year-on-year basis, Genetic and Diagnostics by 13%, Transplant by 17%. So, again, it's a nice balance. 


Our non-GAAP gross margin for the full year decreased to 71%, largely associated with the Allston plant shutdown 
and restart. Setting aside the manufacturing discrete item, our gross margin would have been approximately 73%. 

Within our operating expense, our full year non-GAAP R&D expenses were $804 million. The growth in R&D 
expenses focused on the two Phase III studies associated with MS, as well as a Cerezyme small molecule study. 

Our full year non-GAAP SG&A expenses were approximately $1.3 billion. Increases in SG&A include the field sales 
and marketing components of the Bayer transaction, as well as the expenses associated with the Synvisc-One launch. 

Our non-GAAP tax rate was 25% for the year. Our Q4 tax rate looks a little odd, because it represents the true-up for 
the full year amount as well as the impact of the lower profits, compared to our fixed tax benefits. 

Capital expenditures for the year were $662 million. Capital in 2009 was focused on our manufacturing infrastructure 
of Thymoglobulin, the cell culture expansion, and the expansion of our fill and finish line in Waterford, Ireland. 

We ended the year with cash and marketable securities of approximately $1.1 billion in cash. Our stock repurchase for 
2009 was 7.5 million shares for approximately $414 million. This leaves us with about 7 million shares remaining 
under our board authorized repurchase. 

So that closes the books on 2009. Let me add a little bit of color on the 2010 guidance. As we move through our 
recovery period and we gain our momentum during the course of the year, we expect our total revenue to increase to 
approximately 5.2 to $5.5 billion. 

We set the upper and lower range very purposefully this year. The upper range of the revenue represents increased 
yields in Fabrazyme, accelerated approval of Lumizyme, and maintenance of the Cerezyme market share. 

At the bottom end of our range we exclude, among other items, the decrease in the budgeted euro rate. Our budgeted 
rate at the time that we set our budgets was 1.5 on the euro. The bottom end of our range represents an estimated 1.4. 
So that sort of gives you the book ends. 

Within the genetic disease segment, we expect to resupply and maintain Cerezyme as the market leader for the 
treatment of Gaucher disease. And we expect the revenue to come in between 980 and $1.04 billion. 

The Fabrazyme base revenue assumes the lower yields as – of the current cell line. Again, increased yields will move 
this revenue to the high end of our guidance and perhaps a little beyond. Our revenue guidance in Fabrazyme is 360 to 
$380 million. Lumizyme approval in the United States is another key event for us. As Henri mentioned, our PDUFA 
date is in June. With approval, we eliminate the costs associated with the supply of free drugs as well as capture the 
margin here in the United States. Our Lumizyme and Myozyme guidance for 2010 is 470 to $500 million. Synvisc has 
provided a strong revenue growth for us, as I mentioned, for 2009 and we expect that momentum to continue through 
2010. 

Guidance in the Synvisc area is 430 to $450 million. With the ongoing rollout of Renvela worldwide, we expect the 
revenue to increase in this area approximately 6% and that's through a range of 740 to $770 million. The full year 
impact of the Bayer transaction and the Mozobil revenue will drive the Hemat area to 775 to $810 million and again, 
that includes Thymoglobulin. 

I should note that there are five products within this segment with revenue expectations in excess of $100 million in 
2010, so we're really getting a lot of momentum there. There are a number of moving parts affecting our gross margin 
estimates. We are making significant investments, as Henri mentioned, in the improvement of our manufacturing 
operations. Now, these include quality and process improvements, additional head count, and adding redundancy in 
most of the aspects of our supply chain. 

And while these improvements expect to gain us both stability and productivity over the long haul, in the short-term 
these costs will impact our margins. The expenses as well as the product mix changes will impact our margins in 2010. 
And we expect our non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately 71 to 73% of revenue. 


We're also focusing on non-GAAP SG&A expenses in a few major areas. One key initiative is the strengthening of our 
global sales and marketing around Fabrazyme and Cerezyme. We're also preparing for the launch of Lumizyme here in 
the United States. With the success that we've seen to date in Synvisc-One, we'll be investing in a highly targeted effort 
such as in-house sales expansion as well as consumer level marketing. 

As you know, we also incur the full impact of the oncology products that we acquired from Bayer. With that all said, 
we expect our SG&A to increase to between 1.51 to $1.54 billion in 2010. Our non-GAAP R&D is expected to be in 
the order of 945 to $960 million. And again, this is highly focused on the late stage MS trials, as well as Gaucher small 
molecule. 

With the increase in utilization of our foreign manufacturing, we expect our non-GAAP tax rate to come into a range of 
27 to 28% on a profit before tax basis. Our weighted average shares are expected to be approximately 272 to 274 
million shares. Our capital expenditures will come in about $600 million. And that will be focused on infrastructure 
builds. 

And we continue to focus and monitor our capital and return on capital, so that will be a major focus for us this year. 
We expect our cash flow return on capital to be coming in around 13%. And while we expect Q1 to be relatively flat 
with Q4, our earnings growth, as Henri mentioned, is expected to follow a steep curve throughout the year. 

Now before turning you back over to Henri, I'd like to remind you that you can find the line item detail of revenue and 
expense on our press release and they're also on our Web site. And with that, let me stop and turn it back to Henri. 

Henri A. Termeer, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Mike. Let me first turn to John Butler to talk about the Cardiometabolic and Renal area. 

John Butler, Senior Vice President; President, Cardiometabolic & Renal 

Thanks, Henri. The Cardiometabolic and Renal business is positioned to continue to provide significant growth in 
2010. Development revenue is expected to grow by more than 6% but this number really doesn't reflect the strong 
underlying growth in demand. Volume in 2010 is expected to grow by more than 9% versus 2009. The slower revenue 
growth reflects lower net pricing in the U.S. due to accelerating conversions of Renvela and a lower price in Brazil 
where generic entrants have recently been introduced. Now volume growth in Brazil will remain strong as Renagel has 
been awarded a central supply contract with the Federal government. The majority of the volume growth is coming 
from markets like Europe launching Renvela with a CKD non-dialysis indication and Latin American and Asian 
markets like Venezuela, Mexico, Russia and India all still at very low penetration rate. 

The U.S. market will continue to grow from increased penetration of Renvela including the new powder formulation. 
We continue to work in the U.S. towards a final rule regarding phosphate binders in the dialysis payment bundle. The 
dialysis community remains opposed and agree that the best interests of the patient is served if physicians can continue 
to select the product they believe is most appropriate clinically. However, we believe that we will be able to compete 
effectively in an environment where binders are included in the bundle. 

On the product development side, we now have two positive Phase III studies for mipomersen and we will report data 
from the next two Phase III studies by the middle of this year. We continue to work toward regulatory filings in the 

U.S. and Europe by mid-2011. As a reminder, our first filings are targeting the homozygous FH patients as well as 
severe hypercholesterolemia, a market we estimated over 25,000 patients in the U.S. in top five EU countries. We 
believe the data from our first two Phase III trials, the safety, tolerability and particularly the efficacy, continue to 
support this strategy. We'll discuss this strategy with the FDA after we have all of our Phase III studies complete. 
While we've spoken to European authorities about the initial filing, we will seek formal scientific advice for a study 
that will be necessary to expand our label to the heterozygous FH population. We continue to do pre-commercialization 
activities globally and we look forward to bringing this important product to patients in need. Henri? 


Henri A. Termeer, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, John. Mark Enyedy. 

Mark J. Enyedy, Senior Vice President; President, Oncology & Multiple 
Sclerosis 

Thanks, Henri. 2009 marked a year of significant progress with each of our businesses in Transplant, Oncology, MS 
and Genetic Services and we look forward to continuing that momentum in 2010. Starting first with our Hematologic 
Oncology business, during the last 12 months, we solidified our base through the integration of our Transplant and 
Oncology businesses and the addition of three products from Bayer to create a single operating unit with six marketed 
products sold in over 90 countries around the world, generating in excess of $500 million in revenue. Going forward, as 
Mike mentioned, we will report revenues from this unit on a consolidated basis. 

In addition, we advanced this portfolio on multiple fronts in 2009 from a development perspective, with new data 
including 90 abstracts at ASH, 40% of which were oral presentations. We substantially improved our financial picture 
with over 60% top line growth driven by the successful launch of Mozobil, the incremental revenue from Bayer, and 
the significant growth of both Thymoglobulin and Clolar. 

So as we move into 2010 we look to build upon these positive trends with the focus in the following areas: first, 
expanding global access for Mozobil through new registrations, name patient programs and enhanced support for our 
existing markets. To this end, the Mozobil launch continues to exceed our expectations in both the U.S. and the EU 
with Q4 revenue up almost 50% over Q3 driven by the UK, Germany and the Nordic region where we've obtained 
official reimbursement. 

We've also seen strong named patient sales ahead of formal reimbursement authorization in several key markets which 
we expect to obtain during 2010, including France, Italy, and Spain. In the U.S., we've penetrated almost 100% of our 
target accounts and reorders now account for roughly 75% of our business with an increasing share in the front line 
setting. 

With regard to the remainder of the portfolio, in Q4 we saw more than 20% increases in the volume for both Campath, 
Fludara as well as increased Leukine revenue during the quarter even as we worked through the inventories we 
inherited from Bayer. We look to continue these trends in 2010 by repositioning Campath for high risk patients and 
following FDR combination therapy in CLL supporting the conversion of IV to oral Fludara in key markets and 
providing new data for Leukine. 

We will also further our efforts to optimize the price for Thymoglobulin in selected geographies. A substantial share of 
our business outside of the U.S. is in the hematology space, and we look to lever our existing infrastructure to increase 
adoption in emerging markets such as China and Brazil. And we will continue the ongoing development of Fludara 
being in multiple implications and support expanded access around the globe. 

Regarding multiple sclerosis, with enrollment completed ahead of schedule, we remain on track to make available data 
from our Phase III program next year. In the interim, we will continue to publish long-term data from our Phase II 
experience which will include data at AAN in the second quarter, with respect to the proportion of our patients that 
were clinically disease free at four years, mechanism of action studies with Alemtuzumab, and four-year follow-up data 
on the ITP cases from the Phase II study. 

Lastly with regard to Genetic Services, we saw significant top line growth in each of our key segments, Reproductive 
and Oncology testing during 2009. We expect this trend to continue in 2010 with multiple new tests offerings in each 
segment, coupled to the improvements in our delivery platforms. We will also look to further integrate this business 
with our therapeutics portfolios to enhance the strategic value to the corporation. So we generated significant 


momentum with these businesses over the last year and look forward to updating you as these efforts progress in 2010. 

Henri A. Termeer, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Mark. Geoffrey? 

Geoff McDonough, Senior Vice President 

Thank you, Henri. In making some comments about the Genetic Disease business, I'll speak in turn today about 
Cerezyme, Fabrazyme, and Myozyme. We're obviously working through a dynamic period of recovery and activity in 
this marketplace so my comments can't be comprehensive, but I will highlight the areas of focus for us. 

Cerezyme closed the year with revenues of 793 million. The fourth quarter marked the return of newly produced 
Cerezyme to the market, ending a period of several months of short supply for most patients with shipments at the end 
of December. As we said in December, these shipments were made to end the shortage period as quickly as possible for 
patients without a substantial working inventory position. We alerted the community to the risk of delays in the first 
quarter as we worked to match returning production with global demand from 5,500 patients in over 100 countries. 

In the first six weeks of the year, we have seen strong demand for Cerezyme driven by a rapid return to therapy for 
patients worldwide. As we mentioned in the release, we estimate this number to be about 85% of patients originally on 
Cerezyme. To give some insight to the way that that figure rolls up at a country level, the U.S. had approximately 1,500 
patients on commercial Cerezyme therapy before this crisis began, of whom about 160 have switched, 90 are undecided 
and roughly 1,260 or 85% have returned or will shortly return to Cerezyme. 

These are estimates because we do not have perfect insight to patient numbers and treatment status. And note that we 
will not report at this level of detail on patient numbers going forward, but I wanted in this period to provide 
transparency to the state of affairs in the marketplace. 

As Henri mentioned, production of Cerezyme in the bioreactors is up and running successfully with productivity levels 
above historical averages. Because we have built time into the manufacturing schedule to make system improvements 
and have increased the quality oversight process, fill finish and quality inspection times for Cerezyme have been 
extended, resulting in relatively less Cerezyme being available for distribution in this early period of the year than we 
had anticipated. 

In late January, early February, these longer manufacturing timelines for Cerezyme did cause a temporary disruption in 
our ability to ship Cerezyme to patients. This shipping delay caused some confusion and treatment interruption for 
many. 

It's critical that patients be able to depend on the regular availability of Cerezyme, and it's clear from this initial 
experience in the year that we cannot reliably meet that goal, working with little inventory. Therefore, we believe the 
best way to address this issue is to ship approximately 50% of current global demand for an eight week or four infusion 
periods. By taking this step now proactively, we expect to build enough inventory to allow predictable schedules for 
Cerezyme delivery in the coming months and throughout the remainder of 2010. 

In the coming days, we'll be working with physicians, patients and regulatory authorities around the world to ensure 
that this shipping plan over the next four infusions is implemented as smoothly as possible. Shipments at full dose and 
normal intervals are expected to resume after this eight week or four infusion period. 

Beyond supplies, this has been an active period in the broader Gaucher space. As many of you know, the recent world 
meeting in Miami provided greater insight to the evolving landscape of therapeutic options for Gaucher disease. From 
the perspective of ERC, top line data from the ERTs and development did not provide any surprises. 

Given the timelines necessary to demonstrate clinical impact on bone disease, we continue to believe that the current 
evidence base for Cerezyme will support its place as a gold standard in the field. There was considerable emphasis on 


the apparent differences in antibody formation among the enzymes and we expect that when the antibody assay 
methodology is clarified and ultimately standardized, that these comparisons will become informative. We don't 
believe that there is an unmet need from a safety perspective when we review the over 40,000 patient years of 
experience with Cerezyme to date. 

Finally, the world meeting provided a venue for the two year data on eliglustat tartrate, formally known as Genzyme 
112638, our capsule in development for Gaucher disease. We were pleased to announce that follow-up data on 20 
patients at two years demonstrated a continued improvement in all end points when compared to baseline, with special 
emphasis on the impact on the bone. 

We observed a consistent response in both the mineral and marrow compartments as measured by bone density and 
marrow dark matter on MRI. The changes observed were comparable to results achieved historically with Cerezyme at 
four to six years. The Phase III studies for eliglustat tartrate are currently enrolling. And we believe that eliglustat 
tartrate levels – I'm sorry – leaves our Gaucher portfolio well positioned to maintain our leadership in the field going 
forward. 

With respect to Fabrazyme, we closed the year with revenues with 430 million. As Henri mentioned, we continue to 
work through a series of interventions to restore productivity, which will be evaluable by early May this year. I believe 
we can gain confidence from the fact that we now understand the productivity problem and have taken definitive steps 
to address it. In the meantime, the combined effect of longer manufacturing cycle times and the time required to restart 
fill finish operations at Allston have caused us to extend the period of 30% allocation through the end of May this year. 

As I mentioned in December last year, we have seen a number of early switches to Replagal as physicians work to 
conserve Fabrazyme dosing to supply one milligram per kilogram for the most severely affected patients. We have a 
seen a small incremental number of switches as physicians respond to disease progression in some patients on lower 
doses, and we now estimate that number of switches to be approximately 300 worldwide. 

During this period, we are seeing a strong reinforcement of the need for full dose Fabrazyme in the community, and 
we're very focused on returning to full supply as quickly as possible. More formal treatment expectations continue to 
emerge in the Fabry field, with recent publication of guidelines from an expert group appearing in CJASN Online in 
late December of 2009, reinforcing the expectation that a normal rate of renal progression, for example, can be 
achieved with early and effective intervention. The field study designed to evaluate the impact of lower dose 
Fabrazyme in children is continuing to enroll and we expect to complete enrollment in the second quarter of this year. 

On the Myozyme front, we finished 2009 with revenues of 324 million with growth of 10% year-over-year on the 
revenue line supported by a volume growth of almost 18% year-on-year. 

2009 was a dynamic year for Myozyme, with a dip in growth outside the United States in the first quarter, as we 
managed a tight period of supply, followed by resumption of growth in the subsequent quarters. 

This growth has been driven by continued awareness in the neuromuscular community, especially around the impact of 
testing adult patients with muscle weakness, using dry blood spot enzyme assays. We would expect this element to play 
in the preparation and development of the U.S. market later this year, as well. 

In addition, on the infantile side of the equation, we are seeing the first evidence that newborn screening can 
meaningfully improve outcomes in patients treated in the early newborn period with the Taiwan experience appearing 
in the literature with follow-up data up to three years in six patients. We expect that newborn screening will gain 
additional traction as the results of this experience are digested. In the near-term, we're seeing an increased appreciation 
of the importance of earlier treatment for all patients, including adults. 

We have no updates to report regarding the PDUFA date for Lumizyme in the U.S. and believe that the review is 
proceeding normally. The ATAP program, as Henri mentioned, has been opened to new patients in this interim period, 
and of the approximately 50 patients who were formally in our system, 20 were eligible for ATAP and of those, 11 
have so far enrolled, and we expect an additional 10 to 20 patients will enroll in the coming months. 


Finally, just to reinforce Henri's comment that we do expect to see top line data from the registration trial for Ataluren 
in nonsense mutation Duchenne's muscular dystrophy in the first half. Thanks. 

Henri A. Termeer, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Geoff. Operator, now we can move to Q&A. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. 

Our first question comes from Davis Bu with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Davis Bu>: Thank you for taking the question. I think I'll start off actually on the expense side and maybe if you 
can just comment on your philosophy here, in particular if the revenues come in light, does that affect the way you 
think about the expenses? And there has been some push about thinking about expenses from a return on capital, return 
on investment standpoint. I was wondering if you could sort of comment on how you think about the expense plans for 
2010. 

<A - Henri A. Termeer, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: The expenses obviously are a very 
important component in terms of earnings, and if revenues are materially different from what we are projecting, we will 
react on the expense side. And so that is a little bit motherhood and apple pie, I'm afraid. We have a very – I think a 
very strict way to look at expenses. Investments, very similarly. If earnings don't allow or results don't allow 
investments, then we won't do it. 

There is one broad exception that I make at this time. We are making deep investments in the manufacturing side, and I 
think we've been talking about it for a while. We're making deep investment in two elements that come – that were 
caused by this interruption – to create a recovery that's absolutely sustainable. We're making investments in 
manufacturing, both in terms of equipment and in personnel, and upgrading all operations in that area. And we are 
making investment on the marketing side of the equation, to make sure that we are fully in touch with the marketplace 
as we reintroduce both these treatments into the field. 

And I think these are very good investments to make. It takes extra time to come back from a moment like this. And we 
are not going to shortcut what's needed to make this successful. 

So – but broadly, on the philosophy of how we look at expenses, they have to be related to the overall results, and – in 
order to get some level of predictability in terms of earnings. 

<Q - Davis Bu>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Brian Abrahams with Oppenheimer & Company. 

<Q - Brian Abrahams>: Hi, thanks for taking my question. So it sounds like your guidance implies fairly significant 
year-over-year Myozyme growth, and you mentioned also timely approval of the 4,000 liter material. 

I'm just wondering, what are you expecting to be the relative contributions from European gross versus U.S. gross? I 
guess I'm trying to get a sense of how much of your expected revenues assume timely Lumizyme approval and what 
proportion may be at risk if there's any delay? Thanks. 

<A - Henri A. Termeer, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Geoff, could you respond? 


<A - Geoff McDonough, Senior Vice President>: Sure. Thanks for the question, Brian. Obviously, we would expect 
the current growth trajectory, which has been dominated by the ex-U.S. contribution, to continue throughout 2010, and 
that roughly 40% would be contributed by a half year launch, as Henri mentioned, in our timelines around Lumizyme 
in the U.S. 

<A - Henri A. Termeer, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: These are the gross numbers. 

<A - Geoff McDonough, Senior Vice President>: The gross figure, correct. 

<Q - Brian Abrahams>: Thanks very much. 

<A - Henri A. Termeer, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Michael Yee with RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - Michael Yee>: Yes, thanks. A question, with regards to the number of patients that resumed Cerezyme ex-U.S., 
can you put any color on that as a higher or lower than the U.S. numbers? And then in regards to your inventory buffer, 
what do you think in weeks of inventory, months of inventory, what kind of level there? Thanks. 

<A - Henri A. Termeer, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Geoff? 

<A - Geoff McDonough, Senior Vice President>: Thanks, Michael. With respect to the ex-U.S. experiences, I noted 
our level of insight in the U.S. is imperfect, but it is better than it is anywhere else in the world. So I can only say that 
this roughly matches our anecdotal experience, outside the U.S., and I think that's relatively well supported by the fact 
that the greatest opportunity to engage with alternative therapies in development has been here in the U.S. So I would 
expect that that 85% number is representative on a global basis, but I have less firm information or data upon which to 
give you that sense. Of course, as we resume normal shipping over time, we'll get a better and better sense of that as we 
go forward. 

With respect to the buffer, this four infusion program that we're implementing would allow us to operate with enough 
inventory to smooth deliveries. And for us, over 100 countries, that's somewhere between four and six weeks of 
inventory. 

<Q - Michael Yee>: Okay. Thanks. 

<A - Geoff McDonough, Senior Vice President>: Sure. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Jim Birchenough with Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Jim Birchenough>: Yeah, hi, guys. Just wondering if you can comment on gross margins. You've got a very high 
margin in – a very high margin product in Cerezyme recovering very rapidly, but the gross margins don't seem to be 
improving dramatically. So I'm just wondering if you can let us know what the contribution of the remediation expense 
is to the depressed gross margins, and how should we think about gross margins longer term? 

<A - Henri A. Termeer, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Mike, you want to have a shot at that? 

<A - Michael S. Wyzga, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. We showed our 
gross margin in 2009 of the Allston interruption. If you adjust those out, it's about 73%. As Henri mentioned, we 
continue to invest in both the manufacturing and the ramp-up on new facilities worldwide. We have Hail. We have the 
New York Avenue Biologics here in Framingham, in Massachusetts. We have continued to invest in Allston and Lyon. 
And those investments will make us sort of best in class across the board. 


These factors will titrate themselves out as you start to utilize that capacity, so you'll see a ramp-up as you get to the 
back-end of the year. You should also look for the lower gross margin products, such as some of the other areas outside 
of Cerezyme, to start to kick in, too, so you're going to have two separate impacts. You're going to the have the impact 
of the additional capacity that you're utilizing, which will drive the gross margin up, somewhat offset by the product 
mix of the lower gross margin products coming in. So over the course... 

<Q - Jim Birchenough>: And where does that net out? 

<A - Michael S. Wyzga, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: It should settle out to 
about 73% as we exit the year. 

<Q - Jim Birchenough>: And is that a normalized gross margin level you think going forward? 

<A - Michael S. Wyzga, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: I don't think we give 
guidance beyond 2010. 

<Q - Jim Birchenough>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Eun Yang with Jefferies. 

<Q - Eun Yang>: Thank you very much. A question on Cerezyme. So when you plan to ship Cerezyme at 50% of 
demand for the next eight weeks, given the fact that competitor drug, the child's drug, could get approval by the FDA 
by the end of this month, are you concerned at all about possibly risking or giving away some of your market share to 
competitors during that period? 

<A - Geoff McDonough, Senior Vice President>: Hi, good question, Eun. It's Geoff here. I think that's a reasonable 
question. It's obviously something that we've brought into our thinking about this. 

Honestly, above all is our commitment to provide reliability and consistency for patients. That has been above all the 
strongest point of feedback from stakeholders in the first six weeks of the year. 

I think by implementing this regimen cleanly, in a way that's practicable and natural in the flow of clinical care, we will 
improve our overall position in meeting the needs of patients who depend on Cerezyme today. So I guess if part of 
what you're asking is, are we making the better of two choices, I would answer, yes, in what we're doing today. 

<Q - Eun Yang>: Thank you. 

<A - Geoff McDonough, Senior Vice President>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Geoff Meacham with JP Morgan. 

<Q - Geoffrey Meacham>: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to – if you could go into some of your 
assumptions for Cerezyme. That would be helpful. Just with respect to maybe the percent of patients going to full dose. 
And then where you think that you could ultimately peak out at for this year, in terms of the patients returning, and 
what's kind of implied in your guidance [inaudible]? 

<A - Henri A. Termeer, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Geoff? 

<A - Geoff McDonough, Senior Vice President>: Thanks for the question, Geoff. So right now, we are assuming that 
all patients will return to their, let's say, original full dose. We're prepared of course for some patients to vary above and 
for a few to vary below that. 


With respect to our assumptions in the guidance, we've taken into account a mix of our ability to supply, which we 
anticipate increasing through the year, and a set of assumptions about a new market equilibrium as additional products 
become available in this market. 

So what you're seeing in our guidance is a net of those two interacting pieces. Of course, the other important element 
here is eliglustat, which is actively enrolling in two Phase III trials and will be an even larger alternative on a global 
basis as we bring a third Phase III trial into enrollment later in the first half of this year. 

So these are the dynamics that are contributing to the number that we have in the guidance today. 

<Q - Geoffrey Meacham>: And just as a follow-up to that, for your Myozyme guidance, is the lower end achievable if 
Lumizyme 4,000 liter is delayed? 

<A - Geoff McDonough, Senior Vice President>: I think the lower end does not account for a delay in the U.S., but 
let me come back to you, as we work that through. But Geoff, it assumes, as it is set today at the lower end, that we will 
get approval in the timeframe of the PDUFA date. So there would be a down side to a further delay, I believe. 

<Q - Geoffrey Meacham>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

<A - Geoff McDonough, Senior Vice President>: Sure. 

Operator 

Our next question come Michael Aberman with Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Michael Aberman>: Hey, guys. Can you hear me okay? 

<A - David Meeker>: Yes. 

<Q - Michael Aberman>: Going back to Cerezyme for a second, obviously the success of your oral agent is very 
exciting for the long term, but I wonder how many patients you anticipate would be enrolled in the next clinical trial 
both in the U.S. and ex-U.S., and what impact if any that has on Cerezyme sales as they go on the oral agent? 

<A - David Meeker>: Yes. Thanks for the question, Michael. We would expect that the mix of enrollment will be truly 
global and that the balance of the trials will determine the net effect on the revenues. So for example, we have a naive 
trial where new patients would be going solely to the small molecule. That's about 36 patients, and then our second 
registration trial is the switch, and there we would have about 186 patients, randomized, two to one on eliglustat tartrate 
to Cerezyme. 

So in the balance between our overall ability to supply, the availability of alternative therapies and this very real and 
exciting alternative for patients to consider this year, we haven't been thinking about that as a significant detractor from 
the top line on Cerezyme. I think it's just an important part of the portfolio of offerings that we're bringing to this 
community. 

<Q - Michael Aberman>: And sorry for asking another, but can you clarify the FX impact, if we stay at the current 
exchange rate on your top line guidance? 

<A - David Meeker>: Sure. 

<Q - Michael Aberman>: I think I beat you. 

<A - David Meeker>: Sure – I'm sorry. The easiest way to think about it is that for every penny of impact on the euro, 
you get a 0.07 cents on the bottom line. 

Again, the way to think about it is that you have both a top line and a bottom line. A significant portion of our foreign 
exchange is what we call naturally hedged through a combination of both product sourcing as well as global 


infrastructure, so you mitigate a lot of the swings on the top line go into the bottom line. But think of it almost – it 
could round up to approximately a penny, but it's more like 0.7 cents per penny change on the euro FX change. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Yaron Werber with Citi. 

<Q - Yaron Werber>: Hi, guys. This is Yanov. I keep subbing in for Yaron. I think you have 7 million shares left in 
your repurchase, but your guidance of 272 to 274 shares in 2010 doesn't reflect any buybacks. Can you please provide 
some color on that? 

<A - Henri A. Termeer, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Mike? 

<A - Michael S. Wyzga, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: I'm sorry. I could barely 
hear you, Yaron, but I think you're asking about the 7 million shares in our buyback. Yes. 

We currently have us in place a plan that allows us to buy about 20 million shares that was put in place a couple of 
almost three years ago now and we have about 7 million shares remaining on that, and we fully intend to implement the 
plan. 

Our philosophy is that stock buybacks are a great way to redeploy the excess capital, and we continue do that and 
generate returns for shareholders. Share repurchase, as you know, we review it on a quarterly basis, and based upon 
both the marketing conditions and internal review, we determine whether to implement those within the guidelines of 
the Board of Directors guidance, so we fully intend to complete the 20 million shares. 

<Q - Yaron Werber>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Salveen Kochnover with Collins Stewart. 

<Q - Salveen Kochnover>: Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe you could just give us some color here on your 
guidance assumptions for Replagal as well. Do you expect patients to switch back – sorry, for Fabrazyme – do you 
expect patients to switch back from Replagal? 

And then in terms of Fabrazyme, how much inventory buffer are you planning on building in terms of weeks of full 
demand? 

<A - Henri A. Termeer, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Geoff? 

<A - Geoff McDonough, Senior Vice President>: Thanks, Salveen. So I think I understand your question well around 
Fabrazyme but let me know. What we are seeing in the marketplace today is a strengthening conviction that dose is 
very important as a contributor to outcomes for patients with Fabry disease. The combination of dose and the timing of 
intervention with respect to disease severity are probably two very important elements. 

So the early behavior that we've seen in markets that have Replagal as an option has been to take the relatively less 
affected patients, or earlier, let's say, patients in the course of their disease, switch them to Replagal as a 0.2 milligrams 
per kilogram alternative for this short-term period and to consolidate the remaining Fabrazyme for the most severely or 
more severely affected patients, more advanced patients. 

So we would expect that for physicians who are thinking in this way about providing effective – maximally effective 
doses to patients, that many of the patients who have been switched in this interim period would switch back in the 
presence of adequate supply for Fabrazyme. Of course, as the year unfolds, we'll get a better sense of that, but the sense 
of treatment expectations and the relationship to timing of intervention and dose is supported by this publication that I 
referenced in the outset here in CJASN. 


And so to get to your second question, about inventory, the intention of the current allocation is to allow us to build a 
similar level of operating inventory, to allow for smooth delivery of Fabrazyme going forward. But as Henri said, 
importantly, that depends on the successful performance of the new Working Cell Bank, and the reactors, and we'll 
have an update around that in the early May timeframe. 

<Q - Salveen Kochnover>: Okay, thank you. 

<A - Geoff McDonough, Senior Vice President>: Sure. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Geoff Porges with Bernstein. 

<Q - Geoffrey Porges>: Thanks very much for taking the questions. Just a follow-up on Fabrazyme about the new 
Master Cell Bank. 

First, what is the possibility that the regulatory review of that new material from the Master Cell Bank could take 
longer than you currently anticipate? Up to – and what is the likelihood that you might be required to submit clinical 
data? 

Second, related to that, what is the productivity increase you expect to see in terms of the bulk manufacturing? 

And lastly, what would your Fabrazyme guidance be if you don't get that approval in June? Thanks. 

<A - Henri A. Termeer, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. Geoff, on the last point, let me 
put it this way. We are – we have two reactors – two 2,000 litre reactors that are fully dedicated, Suite 2 at Allston. One 
of them just went on the new Working Cell Bank. The next one will go on the next turnaround on the new Working 
Cell Bank. This will be the product that we will produce. 

And so, we obviously looked at what we were doing very, very carefully – that this is the product that we will be 
producing, going forward. We have other Working Cell Banks, if – but we would have an interruption, if that were the 
case. That's not what we expect at all. We could have stayed with the one Cell Bank that we had. That would have kept 
the productivity at a level below where we needed it to be to fully supply and continue to grow the marketplace. 

So to make some comments, let me ask first Dave Meeker to make a few comments about just where this work 
shopping grade comes from, and then Pam Williamson to talk about the regulatory risks here. 

<A - David Meeker>: So Geoff, maybe the first clarification is what we've put in is not a new Master Cell Bank. It's a 
Working Cell Bank. That Working Cell Bank is derived from previous Working Cell Banks. So part of our confidence 
to Henri's point, the expectation that we will be able to work this through successfully from a regulatory standpoint, 
stems from the fact that we're working with a previously-known Working Cell Bank, and we're using a methodology 
that is, in fact, the methodology that we've also previously used and had approved. 

So that's the basis. We put it into the reactor at risk, to Henri's point, because the performance that we were seeing in 
the small-scale reactors was significantly above the performance of what we have in there now. And as I said, the fact 
that we'd be going back and using a procedure that was a proven technology, or a proven methodology that we had 
used before. So that's why we're in. We're going forward, as Henri said, and we're working through the regulatory 
pathway here, which Pam can comment on. 

<A>: Sure. I think the context that Dave just provided here is really very important, because while we are referring to 
this as a new Working Cell Bank, it in fact, as Dave had mentioned, was produced based on the methodology that was 
in the original filing. To answer your question directly, in terms of taking significantly longer, or requiring clinical data, 
there's no reason to believe that that's something that we should expect. We actually believe we're quite well positioned 
to be able to begin releasing material manufactured with that Working Cell Bank in June. 


<Q - Geoffrey Porges>: And then could you just answer the question on yield improvement? David, perhaps? 

<A - David Meeker>: Yeah. So, when we originally developed our early guidance last year as we were bringing the 
plant back up, and then we got the feedback from the first runs, that decrement was about a 30% decrement. The goal 
with this Working Cell Bank is to recapture that 30%, so to get back to what we had originally expected. Again, I think 
we're all hopeful, based on the early performance on the small-scale that we could potentially do better than that, but 
minimally we're looking to get back to those original assumptions. 

<Q - Geoffrey Porges>: Right, that's very helpful. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Aaron Reames with Wells Fargo. 

<Q - Aaron Reames>: Thanks for taking my question. I just had a follow-up on I guess the velocity of the switch rate 
from Fabrazyme to Replagal. So did the majority of those patients switch early in the year and should we expect to see 
a similar switch rate until you have full inventory built and you're fully supplying the market? Can you just I guess talk 
about what will happen over the coming months then? 

<A - Henri A. Termeer, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Goeff? 

<A - Geoff McDonough, Senior Vice President>: Hi, Aaron. Thanks for the question. So I think what we're seeing is 
a binary phenomenon or a BI-phasic phenomenon, rather. So in another words, in the early phase we saw a large 
number of switches related to the first implementation of the 30% allocation. What we've seen in the second phase 
happening really in the last six weeks is a much smaller and slower rate of switching that's occurring in reaction to 
disease progression in patients. And again, it just goes back to this idea that dose is an incredibly important component 
of treating these patients well and adequately. So I think those are the dynamics that we're seeing in terms of the 
numbers and the rates. 

Obviously, as things progress in the coming months, I would expect that second phase to continue at a low and slow 
rate, but it is the case that a small minority of patients really are feeling quite badly at this point on lower doses. So 
we're very eager to get back to that position of being able to supply full doses. 

<A - Henri A. Termeer, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Just for everybody's sake, Geoff, 
could you briefly supply some data, some context to the dose, the .2 dose on Replagal, the .3 dose of Fabrazyme and 
how that compares and how that works for these more severe patients. 

<A - Geoff McDonough, Senior Vice President>: Sure. I think at the outset we should say we don't have any 
head-to-head information comparing .3 to .2, but we do have at least one GCP study that Genzyme performed looking 
at the possibility of maintaining patients who had had a six-month treatment period on one milligram followed by 0.3 
milligrams per kilogram for a 12-month additional follow-up period. And in those patients who were of modest disease 
stage and severity, the outcomes in that paper which are in the – which is in the literature demonstrate that the majority 
of those patients were maintained in a relatively stable state. 

There were some sub-clinical markers, accumulation or re-accumulation of GL3, particularly in the urine that have 
been very characteristically seen in patients treated at low doses both of Fabrazyme at .2 milligrams in the AMC 
head-to-head study and at Replagal in the available literature at 0.2 milligrams. And I think really the field at this point 
is increasingly at a point where they believe that it's relatively mathematical. The amount of protein is important 
irrespective of product. And think that dose at this point, again, irrespective of product, is something that is increasingly 
important. 

<Q - Aaron Reames>: Thanks. And then so I guess if everything goes as planned, when would you expect to be able 
to add new patients to both Fabrazyme and Cerezyme therapy in the future? Thanks. 


<A - Geoff McDonough, Senior Vice President>: Sure. So in the case of Cerezyme, we would expect that to be more 
and more possible in the back half of the year, but we are not currently making any assumption around new patients in 
the front half of 2010. 

From the perspective of Fabrazyme, we would expect the opportunity to bring the drug to new patients again in the 
back half of the year with the dependency on recovering this productivity delta that David referred to earlier. So in the 
case of both products, we're initially focused on returning supply to existing patient status, that is by far our first 
priority, and then as supplies allow in the back half of the year, we will go back to offering it to new patients. 

<Q - Aaron Reames>: Thanks for taking my questions. 

<A - Geoff McDonough, Senior Vice President>: Yeah. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Phil Nadeau with Cowen & Company. 

<Q - Phil Nadeau>: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I'm just looking for an update on the resolution of 
the 483 issues that came to light in November. Where are you in that process, and has a new inspection been scheduled 
yet for Allston? 

<A - Henri A. Termeer, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Can you repeat that question, because 
we had a little interruption here. Did you get the question? 

<A - David Meeker>: The question was where are we in terms of the 483 process? And I will just make a comment 
from the plant standpoint and let Pam comment from the regulatory. So obviously, improving our overall quality 
situation has been an enormous priority, and we've been intensely focused on that. So within the plant, this is ongoing, 
the biggest point of concern was the fill/finish area and we've made a number of very positive changes to the fill/finish 
area, which is why we again have come back into running that fill/finish area and we're also, as we committed to the 
FDA, well advanced in the process of transferring the products that are in Allston now to the Haas facility and so they 
will be beginning their engineering run as of April which will start the process of transferring those products over so in 
terms of the communications and the like, Pam. 

<A>: Sure, we continue to have routine dialogues and meetings with the FDA, and talk through our progress on 
commitments made, following the 483 observations. I'd say that we are on track in terms of moving forward against 
that plan. And with respect to an additional or future inspection of Allston, there has been no such inspection planned to 
date. 

<Q - Phil Nadeau>: And is it correct to assume that you don't need all of the 483's to be resolved in order to get the 
new Cell Bank approved, or is there any precedent or means by which the FDA could not approve that Cell Bank 
because of the 483 observations? 

<A>: Those two subjects are really not related. The 483 observations really are with respect to the plant operations and 
was mentioned earlier, very specific, primarily to the fill/finish area. We would not have any reason to believe that the 
change in the Working Cell Bank would be at all affected by the progress made on the 483. 

<Q - Phil Nadeau>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Bill Tanner with Lazard Capital Mortgage (sic) [Markets]. 

<Q - Bill Tanner>: Markets, not mortgage. But thanks for taking the question. Henri, you mentioned at the outset, 
about Campath and preparing for commercialization, I guess it would be a 2012 launch. I'm wondering, you know, sort 


of the high level view what that looks like and is the build out, is this going to be primarily organic, or de novo or do 
you sort of view it as maybe being a priority as the company looks to invest outside? 

<A - Henri A. Termeer, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: That is a good question. It's a very 
positive question. Because obviously, we are, this is a significant undertaking. At this time the preparations are to 
understanding the markets, understanding the dynamics, understanding all of the dynamics around how value gets 
captured and understanding how we implement, given the local conditions around MS. But to comment on more 
details, Mark, can you give us some view on that? 

<A - Mark J. Enyedy, Senior Vice President; President, Oncology & Multiple Sclerosis>: So just to remind you, 
the transaction that we completed with Bayer provided that they would have co-promotion rights to support the product 
for the multiple sclerosis indication. So Genzyme controls the marketing of the product, the marketing plan, and 
establishes the field force requirements for the product on a global basis. And with that in mind, then Bayer has the 
opportunity to provide up to 50% of the sales force effort for the product, and the timeline for that is well in advance of 
an approval. So we'll have a good sense at that point of how they intend to participate, if at all. 

So with that as a backdrop, we are evaluating commercial approaches to the market. We keep in touch with regular 
market research, and are looking at various elements of commercialization from field force to medical science liaisons 
as well as the background commercial infrastructure with regard to a REMS program and how we will manage 
distribution in the commercial context for the product. 

We will get a good sense of that from the development effort in terms of patient monitoring, physician education, 
compliance is very high, and we believe we will come out of the development program with a strong sense of what that 
would look like in the commercial context. 

So it's an ongoing effort here from evaluating what the requirements are. We will work with Bayer to sort through the 
field situation, and we'll look forward to updating you as we get closer to launch. 

<Q - Bill Tanner>: And does it necessarily mean that the company would look for additional assets? I mean if you're 
establishing, obviously a CNS focused or a neurologist focused sales effort, would there be the absolute desire or need 
to have something else in the bag? Or could you just live with Campath alone? 

<A - Henri A. Termeer, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No, Campath is – this is a very 
significant program, which really needs some very focused effort. It's not the product on the shelf. It is a therapy. As 
you know it is once a year therapy. Maybe two years in a row and then long time, another therapy. It is a very different 
approach from what these physicians are currently used to. 

And so it will take an intensive in depths work – the kind of work that we do when we set patients up for the many 
dermal products that we have, long-term connection with the marketplace. So we are not worried that we don't have 
enough product in the bank. We will probably have massive products in the bank and we want to do the best possible 
job here. Mark? 

<A - Mark J. Enyedy, Senior Vice President; President, Oncology & Multiple Sclerosis>: There is a fair degree of 
complimentary between what we're doing in neurology, with respect to MS, although these tend to be specialists, but 
with the PGH portfolio, and so we will see some complimentarity between those businesses as that portfolio 
progresses. 

<Q - Bill Tanner>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Rachel McMinn with Bank of America. 

<Q - Rachel McMinn>: Yes, thanks very much. Two questions, one, when you talk about Cerezyme manufacturing 
continuing above normal productivity, does that mean that you've started your next site manufacturing cycle and have a 


read on what your productivities levels will be later in the year? And then secondarily, can you give us an update on 
Framingham and when you expect to start shipping commercial products from that facility? Thanks. 

<A - Henri A. Termeer, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: David? 

<A - David Meeker>: Yeah, so with regard to the Cerezyme productivity, there is obviously, the key thing to focus on 
is output, so we are running the bioreactors now. They're in their second cycle and are running, as I said, at slightly 
above historical averages, so the key now is to capture the output from that, and the opportunity there is improving their 
performance in the downstream. And Allston is running at full capacity now. And so on the down side, any 
interruptions or delays in the schedule of course ripple through to the marketplace, and that's what Geoff is trying to 
manage by building this small buffer of inventory. 

On the up side, there is a real opportunity again to improve our ability to, beyond the current assumptions to capture 
more product coming out, so that output side of the equation, so I don't know if that answered the question, but we are 
running above historical averages with the goal of capturing that up side. 

And then the second piece of this is Framingham question, and so Framingham is proceeding on schedule. We'll begin 
engineering runs early this fall, with the goal of having product approved late in 2011. 

<Q - Rachel McMinn>: And will you be able to – just a follow-up on that, will you be able to use any of the product 
produced in engineering runs from Framingham to help shore up inventories? 

<A - David Meeker>: The PV runs will be able to take the PV runs and those will go toward inventory, so once it's 
approved, we'll be able to use that material. 

<A - Mark J. Enyedy, Senior Vice President; President, Oncology & Multiple Sclerosis>: And, David, the 
foundation runs are expected to start... 

<A - David Meeker>: That would right at the end of the year, beginning of next year, the goal is. 

<A - Henri A. Termeer, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So this question does come up, and it 
does produce inventory, which is part of the background here that is actually important. Good question. 

<Q - Rachel McMinn>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Mark Schoenebaum with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q>: Hey, guys. This is Omar filling in for Mark Schoenebaum. I just wanted to drill on Fabrazyme just a little bit 
more specifically with respect to Cell Bank productivity going into Q3 and Q4. So if we use the 30% run rate, up until 
May, and then apply sort of like a 90% pre-crisis, normalized demand number, that's when we sort of get to your low 
end of full year 2010 guidance. So am I right in thinking about 90% as the expectation of Cell Bank productivity going 
into the latter half of the year? 

<A - Henri A. Termeer, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Geoff. 

<A - Geoff McDonough, Senior Vice President>: Thanks for the question, Omar. I want to be really careful to 
address your question methodically because it will inevitably lead to expectations for patients and physicians, with 
respect to dose. Today, we are not setting a guidance for a percentage allocation that would result from the satisfactory 
performance of the new Working Cell Bank. 

We know that if the Working Cell Bank performs well, that in the June timeframe, we will have enough supply to 
enable increased dosing above the level where we are today, but we are going to wait until we know more about the 
performance in the early May timeframe to set that expectation. 


Now having said that, the performance of the Working Cell Bank, if it's successful, would allow us to return to better 
and better levels in the back half of the year, which do allow us to cross the threshold of our lower guidance and indeed 
to move through the range of the guidance that has been set for Fabrazyme. 

So perhaps I'll turn it over to Dave to give any further color on the Working Cell Bank, but we would expect that in 
June the doses will be higher, but we do not want to set today any expectation around when that number would be. 

<A - David Meeker>: Yes, I think that's fair. There's not much to add. The assumptions we have now which include 
being able to access the current Working Cell Bank would put us within the guidance or, as Mike highlighted earlier, if 
we do better, and there is absolutely a possibility that this Working Cell Bank could exceed those assumptions, then 
that would put us above it, assuming we can capture that through, as we go through the downstream and we're intensely 
focused of course on making sure we're in a position to do that, should this Working Cell Bank perform better. 

<Q>: Awesome. And just a very quick follow-up on Cerezyme as well. It seems like Cerezyme productivity is sort of 
normalizing, so just wanted to get a sense of and we try to back-calculate again full year 2010 guidance for Cerezyme 
as well. And that's sort of coming out at around 90% of normalized demand again. Is that a fair assumption for loss to 
competition going forward? 

<A - Henri A. Termeer, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Geoff? 

<A - Geoff McDonough, Senior Vice President>: Yeah, thanks for the question, Omar. No, I think the ability to 
calculate the percentage is really confounded this year because the world is changing so quickly around us. There is the 
ability to supply overall with respect to Cerezyme, there is the run rate for the growth of the market overall, which has 
continued during this period, and is not reflected in our current numbers. 

There is the availability and the timing of availability in the total capacity for alternative enzyme replacement therapies. 
And then there is the very real expansion of eliglustat in its development phase as an option for patients. So I think it's 
difficult to make any crosswalk from the current revenues to an assumed market share position. And of course, as we 
progress through the year on our earnings calls, we'll be able to give you a further update as we understand that market 
share to evolve. 

<Q>: Awesome. Thank you very much. 

<A - Henri A. Termeer, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Operator, can we have two more 
questions, because we are a little over time now. 

Operator 

Yes, thank you. Our next question comes from Shiv Kapoor with Morgan Joseph. 

<Q - Shiv Kapoor>: Thanks for taking my question. I've got a quick question on mipromersen. Having seen a couple 
of Phase III results from this compound, are you guys not so more concerned about the safe side profile of this 
compound? And overall, are you less or more excited about the prospects of mipromersen. Thanks. 

<A - Henri A. Termeer, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: John? 

<A - John Butler, Senior Vice President; President, Cardiometabolic & Renal>: Yeah, thanks for the question. 
Again, the two Phase III studies that we've seen so far, we're very happy with the efficacy that we've seen. And the 
safety and tolerability are really consistent with what our expectations were. So as I said in my remarks, we're working 
towards first filing in homozygous FH and severe hypercholesterolemia. And again, the data we've got we think 
supports that strategy. We haven't had that conversation with FDA yet. When we have the two other Phase III studies, 
we'll have that conversation. Remember, this market size, we estimate U.S. and Europe to be about 25,000 patients' 
total. So a very significant market opportunity in a very high need patient population. So the two studies we've seen so 
far leave us as excited as we were when we did the deal a couple of years ago now. 


<Q - Shiv Kapoor>: Thanks. 

<A - Henri A. Termeer, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And our last question. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our final question comes from Jon Stephenson with Summer Street Research. 

<Q - Jon Stephenson>: Hey. Thanks for taking the question. A quick question on the issue of the new Working Cell 
Bank. When do you expect to put the process in place in the second bioreactor? And the related question is obviously 
you stated that you expect the yields or the ability to ship higher doses to go up, but it sounds from your body language 
that you still won't be shipping at 100% of demand, so maybe you can kind of talk through those issues logistically? 

<A - Henri A. Termeer, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. I think the hesitation that you 
sense is to jump too far in this communication. If we have the kind of result in the – with the new Working Cell Bank 
as we experienced at the smaller scale, and if we do get the regulatory consent, which we fully expect in the June 
timeframe, that Pam mentioned, then the yield improvement would occur – would materially get us back to where we 
need to be with this product, because then we have two reactors running at a yield that at the minimum would recover 
the 30% that David mentioned, but potentially if we get the kind of result at the large scale that we saw in the smaller 
scale, more than that, then that would amplify the up side. 

So our body language is careful. It is little bit experience where we come from, and Geoff, in particular, doesn't want to 
get ahead of ourselves because patients rely on these kinds of communications. But one thing that is clear, we feel very 
positive of having now gone beyond a low productivity situation to actually doing something that changes that picture 
in potentially a very, very constructive way. 

Now your question on the second reactor, when does it go on, maybe Dave, do you know the precise date must be 
about three weeks...? 

<A - David Meeker>: Yes, we're about halfway through the current reactor and so it would turn itself around in about 
a month or so. But again, I wouldn't focus everybody on it. I think the takeaway message, as Henri said, is that 
assuming that the first reactor continues to perform well, we will then know enough about its performance to give us 
confidence to put it into the second reactor. 

<Q - Jon Stephenson>: And would you be – would the approval on the first reactor translate to the second or would 
you need both reactors to get approved under the new Working Cell Bank process? Or not, I guess the process is the 
same but the new Working Cell Bank. 

<A - David Meeker>: Everybody's nodding. It still approves the Working Cell Bank, not the reactor. 

<Q - Jon Stephenson>: Okay. 

Henri A. Termeer, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Great. Operator, that was I think the final question. We may not have been able to respond to all questions, so I 
encourage everybody that has left an unanswered question to make sure you connect with our IR group, and so we can 
come back to you. It's indeed a remarkable moment where many things come together as the kind of questions 
expressed here, but it is at a very different moment than where we were three or four or five months ago. 

We clearly are at the beginnings of a very, very exciting year of recovery. We look forward to reporting to you already 
the first time that will be two months from now for the first quarter in April, and I'm sure at that time much more will 
be known about the Working Cell Bank question that was so intense and maybe some of the other things that we talked 
about today will be more clarified. 


So thank you very much for participating today. We'll talk to you then. 

Operator 

Thank you for joining today's conference. That does conclude the call at this time. All participants may disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


