Q4 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer 
• Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Michelle V. Stacy, President of Keurig, Inc. 
• R. Scott McCreary, Chief Operating Officer 
• James Travis 
• John Whoriskey 
• David Manly 
• Jon Wettstein 
• TJ Whalen 
Other Participants 

• Gregory McKinley 
• William Chappell 
• Alton Stump 
• Mark Astrachan 
• Scott Van Winkle 
• Jon Andersen 
• Mitch Pinheiro 
• Bryan Spillane 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, and welcome, everyone, to the Green Mountain Coffee Roasters Fiscal 2009 Fourth Quarter and Full Year 
Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, 
I would like to turn the call over to Chief Financial Officer, Ms. Fran Rathke. Please go ahead, ma'am. 

Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Tori . Welcome, everyone. If you have not received the earnings release, it is on our website at 
www.gmcr.com. Also on our website are slides that summarize much of the information on this call. You can access 
them through the same link as our webcast from the Investor Services page of our website, and I urge you to view 
them, as they contain key messages and data we are discussing today relating to our performance and prospects. 

I want to remind everyone that certain statements that will be made are forward-looking within the meanings of 
Securities Laws. Owing to the uncertainties of forward-looking statements, our actual results may differ materially 
from anything projected in these forward-looking statements. We can give no assurance as their accuracy, and we 
assume no obligation to update them. For further information on risks and uncertainties, please read the Company's 
SEC filings and the paragraph in today's press release that begins with the words, "Certain statements." We also request 
that you ask all of your questions on this call so that our answers are available to everyone. 


And now, I would like to turn the call over to our President and CEO, Larry Blanford. 

Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Fran. Joining us with prepared remarks in this call are: Michelle Stacy, President of our Keurig business unit; 
and Scott McCreary, Chief Operating Officer, who leads the Specialty Coffee business unit. After our remarks, the 
management team will be available to respond to your questions. 

Today it is exciting to be sharing with you GMCR's outstanding results for our fourth fiscal quarter and full year. We 
delivered sales growth of 65% in our fourth quarter and 61% for the full fiscal year. Net income grew 103% in the 
quarter and also 103% for the year, excluding the impact of $17 million Kraft litigation settlement. Looking at a longer 
history of our performance, referencing accompanying slides posted on our website, you'll see our sales and earnings 
since 2005. We are proud to note our compound annual growth rate in sales of 53% and an earnings per share of 68% 
over the past three years. 

GMCR is executing on its plans and running on all cylinders. We continue to put in place enabling initiatives to 
maximize the opportunity presented by the Keurig Single-Cup Brewing System, enhancing our leadership position in 
hot coffee, tea and now, more broadly, in noncarbonated beverages. To that end, for fiscal 2010, we are raising our 
earnings per share estimates from a range of $1.70 to $1.80 per share to range of $1.75 to $1.85 per share. 

In recent calls, I have been focusing on the enabling initiatives that support our plan to continue growing sales and 
earnings. Recent initiatives include licensing agreements with Conair Corporation for Cuisinart branded brewers and 
Jardin, Incorporated for Mr. Coffee branded brewers. Both launched with Keurig brewed technology. 

The Cuisinart branded products are scheduled to hit shelves in the first half of calendar 2010, and the Mr. Coffee 
branded products should be available in the second half. These initiatives are consistent with our fundamental 
razor/razor blade approach to growing the business, which focuses on getting brewers into more households by 
providing consumers with more designs, features, brands, price points and beverage choices. 

Regarding beverage choice, we launched our line of Celestial Seasonings Perfect Iced Tea K-Cup portion packs this 
past summer. The introduction of this product line of brewed-over-ice teas has created new demand for K-Cup portion 
packs by adding cold beverages to the variety that consumers already enjoy. And all with the same quality, 
convenience, and value. 

We will have an expanded product line in the spring. Our new product launches include two more products in our 
popular Café Escapes line: Café Mocha, and Chai Latté. We also launched the new Donut House Collection, which 
expands the appeal of our brand portfolio meaningfully among key consumer groups. 

Upcoming new product announcements will include a K-Cup producing larger cup sizes. As Single-Cup goes 
mainstream, we are aggressively, but thoughtfully, employing the proprietary Keurig Brewing System to be able to 
offer benefits superior to other hot beverages and cold drinks with aroma, infused ingredients, freshness, and taste; as 
well as convenience. 

Our goal at GMCR is to continue providing the ultimate coffee experience, while also winning over more household 
counter space. GMCR aims to become the choice for enjoying hot and brewed-over-ice cold beverages throughout the 
day. Through the successful execution of our many initiatives, I believe we are well along the way to achieving this 
ambitious goal. 

Switching topics a bit, I realize you may have questions regarding Peet's Coffee & Tea company's recent announcement 
about acquiring Diedrich Coffee, Incorporated, a Keurig licensee. I appreciate your desire to discuss this pending 
merger. However, as a public company, it is our policy not to comment on any pending or proposed transactions. And 
we ask you to respect that. 

Back to GMCR, I want to reiterate that we continue to be excited about our future and the opportunities presented with 
the Keurig Single-Serve Brewers and K-Cups. As you will hear from Michelle and Scott, we continue to ramp up to 


meet demand, and exceed our customers' and consumers' expectations. 

In closing, I will mention that GMCR has received numerous third-party recognitions over the years for both our 
financial performance and how we conduct business. Most recently, these honors have included being number 11 on 
Fortune's annual list of the 100 fastest growing companies, and I was honored to receive on behalf of our committed 
employees, a recognition by CRO Magazine, as the 2009 Responsible CEO of the Year in the Mid-Cap category. 

We feel especially gratified that we have achieved our financial success while staying true to our values as a socially 
and environmentally responsible company. I am convinced that our culture has empowered us to effectively deal with 
the challenges of our tremendous growth because employees feel proud and motivated to be part of this effort. 

Any award that an individual member of our team, such as myself, receives is really an award that has been earned by 
our entire GMCR organization. It is a privilege to be the CEO of this great and growing company, and I thank you as 
not only investors, but also as consumers and fellow citizens, for your interest and support. 

And now, I will turn the call over to Fran. 

Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Larry. And I'd like to say that I share your strong convictions about this organization. And on that note, we're 
pleased to deliver another outstanding quarter with robust top line and bottom line growth. We have delivered 28 
consecutive quarters of double-digit net sales in K-Cup growth. 

Since the acquisition of Keurig in June 2006, we have accelerated our top line growth, with this quarter marking the 
13th consecutive quarter with net sales growth in excess of 39%. Our balance sheet is strong, further strengthened by 
the August equity offering when we raised 370 million through issuance of 5.75 million shares. 

We are in an enviable position enjoyed by few companies today. For details regarding our results, we invite you to read 
our press releases, which are also available on the website. 

Net sales this quarter totaled $222 million, up 65% over last year with each business unit contributing robust sales 
growth. Please look at our slides for these and more financial highlights. 

The primary driver of the increase in net sales is the continued growth in K-Cup sales, which were up over 83% on a 
consolidated basis. Our gross margin for the fourth quarter decreased to 31.7% of net sales, as compared to 34.4% 
during last year's fourth quarter. This decline is being driven by our strategy to increase the install base of Keurig At 
Home Brewers, which are sold at approximately cost. 

As we continue to grow At Home Brewer net sales as a percentage of total sales, the shift in mix resulted in lower gross 
margins than in prior years. Both business segments did an exceptional job in actively managing SG&A costs while 
supporting increased demand, which enabled us to deliver improved operating margins and our strong earnings growth. 
Our Q4 operating margin improved to 11.4% from 9.6% last year. 

Fourth quarter net income was up 103%, whereas EPS increased 83% to $0.34 per share in the fourth quarter of 2009, 
as compared to $0.18 in 2008, reflecting the 11% dilution in outstanding shares resulting from the August equity 
offering. 

Closing out the year, we are extremely pleased with the key metrics of our financial performance. For fiscal 2009, net 
sales increased 61%, systemwide K-Cup shipments increased 63% to over 1.6 billion. We sold 2.3 million Keurig 
Brewers to households and offices in North America. We leveraged our infrastructure, while executing on our growth 
plans. 

In March 2009, we spent 40 million to acquire Tully's wholesale business, which exceeded our estimates for 
profitability depth by becoming slightly accretive to EPS in the first six months. And all these accomplishments 
enabled us to improve our operating margin and deliver 103% increase in EPS to our shareholders, excluding the $0.26 


per share Kraft litigation settlement. At the same time, we invested approximately $60 million in capital expenditures 
in 2009 to ensure we have adequate manufacturing and distribution capacity. 

Looking forward, I'd like to touch upon our latest financial estimates. Please keep in mind that my remarks and all 
other information we have released is based on current expectations, and our belief that we can achieve this growth. As 
such, the estimates involve many risks and uncertainties. 

We are raising our estimates for earnings growth for fiscal 2010. For fiscal 2010, we expect total consolidated net sales 
growth of now 50 to 55%, up from prior estimates of 45 to 50%. We also anticipate total K-Cups shipped system-wide 
by all Keurig licensed roasters to increase in the range now of 68 to 73%, up from prior estimates of 65 to 70%. 

Fully diluted GAAP EPS is estimated to be in the range of $1.75 to $1.85. This includes anticipated non-cash 
amortization expenses related to the identifiable intangibles for the Keurig and Tully's acquisitions, of approximately 
$6 million or $0.08 per share. We estimate that capital expenditures for fiscal 2010 will be in the range of 90 to $110 
million, primarily related to adding additional roasting capacity in our Tennessee and Washington State facilities, and 
our continuing investment in incremental K-Cup packaging lines. 

For the first fiscal quarter of 2010, we expect total consolidated net sales growth of 61 to 66%. We anticipate an 
operating margin in the range of 3.8 to 4.3%. We anticipate selling and marketing expenses, as a percentage of net sales 
during the first quarter of fiscal 2010, to be about the same as a year ago, excluding the impact of the $17 million Kraft 
patent litigation settlement. 

While we are significantly increasing our Keurig holiday TV and other advertising, as Michelle will be detailing, these 
increases are in line with our anticipated sales growth for Keurig. Excluding the impact of the Kraft litigation 
settlement, operating margins are expected to be similar to last year due to the planned increase in At Home Keurig 
Brewers, which are sold at approximately cost, and continued SG&A leverage. 

We estimate that fully diluted GAAP EPS will be in the range of $0.11 to $0.15 per share. This compares to the prior 
year fully diluted GAAP earnings per share number of $0.37 and non-GAAP fully diluted EPS of $0.10, excluding the 
impact of the Kraft litigation settlement. 

Other key factors, including interest expense, tax rate, annual depreciation, amortization, are explained in today's press 
release. 

And now, I will turn the call over to Michelle Stacy. 

Michelle V. Stacy, President of Keurig, Inc. 

Thanks, Fran, and good afternoon, everyone. In fiscal Q4 and for the year, Keurig delivered net sales growth of 95% 
and 96%, respectively, after elimination of inter-company sales. Strong growth in Brewers is driving system-wide 
K-Cup shipments at very healthy rates, up 70% and 63% for the quarter and year, respectively. 

Keurig continues to substantially grow share of total coffeemakers versus a year ago as confirmed by MPD. Our dollar 
share's grown each quarter of the calendar year from 14.3% in Q1 to 17.6% in Q3. At 17.6%, we are tied for the 
number two brand. All four Keurig Brewers are the top 10 coffeemakers. Our Special Edition and Mini are the top two 
SKUs, our Elite is number four, and the Platinum is number eight. 

In Q3, our unit share more than doubled on a year-over-year basis rising from 2.8% in the prior year quarter to 6.9% 
this quarter. Unit share fell sequentially from Q2, due to a shift in promotional support from the lower-priced Elite and 
Mini Brewers in Q2 to the higher-priced Special Edition Brewer in Q3 among the retailers in the MPD data base. 

Our recent focus has been to prepare for the holiday season. We have finalized product assortment, display and 
advertising plans with all our key retailers. Slides 14 and 15 illustrate the truly greatly enhanced retailer advertising 
programs already breaking for this holiday period. In addition to the strong holiday retailer support, our holiday plan 
consists of national TV advertising, a four city heavy ad focus, Internet media, store and mall demos and local events. 


In total, we will spend 14 million in fiscal Q1, up 70% versus a year ago. A significant component of our holiday plan 
is TV media. Last year, we spent six million on our campaign, which we believe contributed significantly to prior 
years' holiday success. This year's campaign is budgeted to increase 37%. 

Importantly, the combination of lower media costs this fall and the use of both the 30-second spot and the 15-second 
spot will provide significant efficiencies. Our increased media spend of 37% will generate a media weight increase of 
147%. This year, we also started our TV advertising on 10/28, two weeks earlier than last year, and we'll stay on air 
through 12/22. 

New for this holiday season is an additional Keurig TV spot that highlights our Green Mountain Coffee and Tully's 
Coffee brands. Our national TV advertising campaign is designed to reach 85% of our target audience 9.7 times, up 
from last year's 73% reaching 5.9 frequency. And for the first time, we'll be advertising in prime time. So look for us on 
shows like Dancing With the Stars, Brothers & Sisters and CSI: Miami. We will complement this prime time 
advertising with media in early morning in cable. Also new this fall is the addition of a regional component focusing 
brand building in four key cities: Chicago, Seattle, L.A. and Boston. These cities will receive 25% more media weight. 

The incremental spending will support both the Keurig System and our two major U.S. coffee brands: Green Mountain 
Coffee in the East, and Tully's in the West. In Chicago and Seattle, we launched major awareness building events 
during the month of October that combined advertising with three days of samplings. 

On Slide One and 13 are pictures of the event in Chicago where Keurig owned virtually all the advertising in Union 
Station for one month. We held a similar event at the ferry stations in Seattle. We believe these events significantly 
built brand buzz and awareness. 

Looking forward, Keurig is well positioned to drive demand this holiday season. Our retailers are supporting the brand 
with best-in-class displays and advertising. Our national advertising program is on air with advertising that is scoring 
well in a consumer test. We're using unique events to build the Keurig and coffee brand awareness, and we are primed 
and ready to drive Brewer sales in 2010 and beyond, continuing the tremendous K-Cup momentum you've seen this 
past year. 

And now I'll turn the call over to Scott McCreary. 

R. Scott McCreary, Chief Operating Officer 
Thanks, Michelle. The Specialty Coffee business unit also delivered a very successful fourth quarter, as the Keurig 
System continues to fuel growth across our multiple distribution channels. After elimination of inter-company sales, we 
delivered a 39% increase in net sales for the quarter and a 34% increase for the year, driven by strong K-Cup sales to 
grocery and club stores, greenmountaincoffee.com and office coffee channels. 

Our momentum in supermarkets continues, and we are now selling the 12 count K-Cup package in about 8,500 stores, 
up 227% from 2,600 stores at year-end fiscal 2008. We have 24 items available to supermarkets and have executed an 
impressive four-foot shelf set of K-Cups and Brewers in nearly 1,000 stores. See our accompanying slide presentation 
for a picture with Brewers merchandise below and a broad selection of K-Cups above. IRI data shows that K-Cup 
portion packs continue rapid growth, and we anticipate this will continue as more grocers realize the opportunity that 
K-Cups represent. 

Year-over-year dollar sales of our K-Cup brands are up 172% in grocery for the quarter and 175% for the year. This 
strong growth is due to three factors: our significant distribution gains, new product and brand introductions and the 
growing demand for K-Cup portion packs. 

We've achieved essentially full distribution of K-Cups to warehouse club stores nationwide. Our family of brands are 
available in approximately 1,000 Costco, Sam's and BJ stores versus 320 stores a year ago and are strategically placed 
in the geographies where they are strongest. 


Green Mountain Coffee in the East, Tully's in the West, Caribou in the Midwest and Newman's Own Organics across 
the country. We continue our successful integration of Tully's and have expanded distribution of Tully's K-Cups and 
grocery to nearly 1,000 stores in the East and are now moving into the West with Safeway, Kroger, Albertson's and 
Jewel. 

We have moved all West Coast operations to a new manufacturing and distribution location just south of Seattle in 
Sumner, Washington. The new facility will support the significant growth we are planning for the Tully's business. We 
also have leveraged the ability for roasting and packaging Tully's K-Cups in Vermont to provide capacity and reduce 
transportation costs. 

We continue to invest in our Knoxville site with the recent addition of new roasting and grinding equipment to support 
production this fall. We have expanded and planned for additional expansion of our K-Cup production to meet our 
increased demand and to support our fiscal year 2010 growth. These investments are critical to our future growth and 
will ensure we continue to exceed our customers' expectations for quality and timely delivery. 

During our fourth quarter, we launched a new multi-brand consumer direct web platform, our first Tully's catalog 
program, and we increased our active members for Café EXPRESS, our continuity club, by 51%. For the second year 
in a row, we received BizRate's Circle of Excellence award, which recognizes the top 3% of Internet retailers. 

Our Consumer Direct business remains a great strategic platform for strengthening consumer relationships, as well as 
for research, testing and launch of new products which are keys in the Keurig System. It is a very exciting time to be at 
GMCR. We continue to execute successfully on our plans to expand awareness and affinity for our family of brands 
and to build capacity to support customer and consumer demand. At the same time, utilizing our strong sales and 
operations teams, we continue to focus on delivering strong top line and bottom line growth to our stockholders. 

And now I'll turn the call back over to Larry. 

Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Scott. Fran, Michelle, Scott and I are joined today by: John Whoriskey, General Manager of Keurig's At Home 
business; and Dave Manly, General Manager of Keurig's Away From Home and Direct business. From our Specialty 
Coffee business unit, we have TJ Whalen, Vice President of Marketing; Jim Travis, Vice President of Sales; and Jon 
Wettstein, Vice President of Supply Chain Operations. 

We will now start the question queue. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Greg McKinley with Dougherty. 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Yes, thank you. I wondered if you could talk a little bit about when you envision some 
gross margin enhancement evolving as the Brewer placements really reach a critical mass? Where do you see that 
inflection point occurring, especially as we get more Brewer placements in for the holiday season, as well as into the 
grocery channel? 

And then can you talk a little bit about what your early returns are in the grocery channel in terms of their success 
selling K-Cups? Thank you. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I will – Greg, this Larry Blanford. First of all, thanks 
for dialing in. I'll take your first question, and then others will try to pick up your second and third ones, I think. 


In terms of gross margin expansion, we've not tried to provide any guidance as to when, but the fundamental nature of 
our razor/razor blade business model would suggest that over time, the number of Brewers that we are selling in any 
given quarter relative to the installed base of Brewers and the sales that, that installed base is generating from the 
K-Cup, calm in the K-Cup demand that over time, you would expect to see a gross margin expansion. But we're not 
projecting our Brewer sales going forward. And obviously, as long as they continue to perk along as they are, we 
wouldn't expect to see that gross margin expansion in the near term. But ultimately, we would expect to see that. With 
respect to your second and third, did we get those down? Do you want to... 

<A>: [inaudible]. 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Yeah. Yeah. I asked about the initial feedback in terms of your grocery distribution. How 
you're seeing the customer respond to K-Cups in the grocery channel. Do you feel like you're getting any positive 
short-term feedback from the merchandise buyers who've made those merchandising decisions? Just any sort of 
qualitative comments there? 

<A - James Travis>: Hey, Greg. This is Jim Travis. The feedback has been really, really great. We've gotten about, as 
Scott said, 800 stores in the Northeast with the four-foot set. The feedback is terrific. 

I don't want to comment or can't comment on specific movement by customer. But we're very excited to get Safeway, 
Kroger, and some of the SuperValu divisions now on board. So we're expecting to see that volume really ramp up as 
customers feel more confident, to find their favorite K-Cups at groceries. 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Okay. And then maybe just one last question. When – I know it's sort of a favorite topic is 
looking at how frequently K-Cup sales attach to incremental brewer days, if you will. 

What is – it looks like that trend has been declining as we would expect as that Home Brewers become a larger portion 
of your installed base. Are you seeing any surprises there internally in terms of usage that you think is occurring in the 
system? And then, what type of trend or trajectory do you – are you implying in 2010 guidance as it relates to a metric 
of that nature? 

<A - John Whoriskey>: Hi. This is John Whoriskey. I'll respond by saying that all of the research that we're doing and 
all the modeling we're doing would say our trends remain consistent with what our expectations are going forward in 
terms of consumption from – per Brewer- that's being placed. 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: And there's no anticipated rate of change implied in your 2010 outlook? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Nothing significant. No. This is Larry, Greg. You 
know, in the longer term, as we've talked, our objective is to try to put multiple Brewers in households, and to expand 
the beverage opportunities at the same time that consumers can enjoy with the Brewer. 

So over the long term, we'll see where that goes. In the near term, no anticipated changes. And of course, we do pretty 
extensive modeling, and we triangulate in a couple of ways. One, we have a model that builds up take-up demand from 
our estimates of Brewer sales in the installed base by model, et cetera. We also build up our demand account by 
account, and we then reconcile those. And that goes into our K-Cup demand estimates. And we do put a lot of time and 
energy in those demand estimates. And everything kind of nets out into that. And that's what we're attempting to make 
sure that we deliver. 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Yeah. Thank you. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: You're welcome. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks, Greg. 

<A>: Thank you, Greg. 

Operator 


And next, we'll move on to Bill Chappell with SunTrust. 

<Q - William Chappell>: Good afternoon. I guess first question. I'm not sure if I missed the – a little update on the 
Away From Home business. Are you seeing kind of stabilization trends there? Any change, whatsoever? 

<A - David Manly>: Hi, Bill. This is Dave Manly. I'm glad you asked that question because I'm very pleased to say 
that we think that our Away From Home business kind of bottomed out in the fourth quarter of last fiscal. And right 
now we're starting to see year-over-year growth. We spent the last year during the recession, putting together product 
and marketing plans together that we could roll out this fiscal. We're starting to roll them out now and, like I said, we're 
starting to see some encouraging growth. And I look forward to reporting on that in future phone calls. 

<Q - William Chappell>: Okay. Great. Then also, looking at the total store count that – you've given that in the past in 
terms of number of retail doors you're now in or maybe what you were at fiscal year end? 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Bill, this is Fran. We – on the slides that we posted to the website, 
there's a Slide 10. And in terms of updates on the number of doors, we're up to 17,900 for retailers. And we do include 
in there the club stores. And then we also have had a significant increase in the grocery doors. We're up to 8,500. And, 
as Scott mentioned in his remarks, that was a significant increase from a year ago where we were at 2,600. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And just again, this is Larry, Bill. Just to be clear, we 
don't double count. So for instance, Target is in the numbers as a retailer, even though we have K-Cups both in the 
general merchandise side of Target and in the grocery side of Target. We don't add that twice. So it just shows up as 
one. 

<Q - William Chappell>: Got it. And Larry, I think you'd said that before, but despite the increase in store count, you 
do kind of expect a same-store sales growth at most of your major retailers for this holiday season. Is that right? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. Absolutely. I'll let John speak to that in retail 
and then maybe Jim can speak to it in grocery. 

<A - John Whoriskey>: Hi, Bill. This is John Whoriskey. I would just comment that, if you look at our market share 
growth year-on-year in our MPD data, and virtually I would say most of that is really attributable to same-store sales 
growth. Our sales count – our store count number has not really changed significantly this year. So most of our growth 
truly is coming from same-store sales performance. And that's indicative of the merchandising and expanded 
assortments in K-Cups and Brewers in virtually all the key retailers that we are currently positioned with. 

<Q - William Chappell>: And then one last one. I know you don't want to talk specifically about Diedrich's, but from 
us on the investor community, that always looks like the most obvious use of your two, $300 million of cash on hand. I 
mean can you talk, Larry – I know you've only had it on hand for a couple of months. But any further thoughts of how 
to put that to use or timeframe of when you want to put that to use? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Bill. As we have indicated, we have a number 
of opportunities that we are thinking about going forward. And as we have said, that to the extent that we do leverage 
that financial capability, it would be absolutely in concert with our strategy. Other than that, I certainly can't speculate 
on anything at this time. 

<Q - William Chappell>: Okay. I'll leave it at that. Thanks so much. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you, Bill. 

Operator 

And next, we'll move to Alton Stump with Longbow Research. 


<Q - Alton Stump>: Yes. Thank you. Good afternoon. I was curious if you could give us an update on how things are 
going in Wal-Mart. I know there was some commentary on the last call. Has anything new, either good or bad, since 
then? 

<A - John Whoriskey>: Hi, Alton. This is John Whoriskey, again. I would say that Wal-Mart is performing up to our 
expectations, and I think we are certainly meeting their expectations. And we expect that their business will continue 
and grow and evolve just like all of our other retail partners have with expanded K-Cup and Brewer assortments going 
forward. 

<Q - Alton Stump>: Okay. Great. And then just one quick follow-up. I think you talked quite a bit with the grocery 
channels, of course. I just want to get an idea as far as conceptually with the acquisition of Tully's. How much is that 
really helping you in terms of getting into new stores, particularly in the West Coast region? 

<A - James Travis>: Hey Alton. This is Jim Travis again. We had great distribution on the West Coast. We've actually 
leveraged Tully's to help us on the East Coast. We mentioned when we made the acquisition, we'd be leveraging a 
complementary brand in the East. And we've actually done that very well by adding Tully's to our K-Cup line in the 
East, with our four-foot set with customers like Stop & Shop, Shaw's, Hannaford and others. So we're pretty excited 
about what's going with the grocery expansion, especially with Tully's in the East. 

<Q - Alton Stump>: Okay. Great. Thank you. 

<A - James Travis>: Yes. 

Operator 

And we'll move next to Mark Astrachan with Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Mark Astrachan>: On the inter-company sales by segment, could you give those to us? What was backed out in 
the Specialty business and the Keurig business? 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: So for Q4, the inter-company elimination amount for the Keurig 
business unit was $22 million, and for the Specialty Coffee business unit was $34.6 million. 

<Q - Mark Astrachan>: Great. Thanks. And then as relating to an earlier question on the gross margin side, it looks 
like commodity costs should start to ease a bit over the balance of this year. Could you talk about what potential 
benefits if at all that you're expecting from that side of the world as we go quarter-by-quarter through the year? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. Mark, I hope that's true, but I'm not sure we 
can call it. Jon, did you want to comment? 

<A - Jon Wettstein>: Thanks, Mark. This is Jon Wettstein. We have seen reductions in both green coffee and in 
index-based purchases that we make. And they are in our current actual amounts as we've gone through the summer 
and as we're headed into the fall and a little bit into the new year. What we're concerned about, obviously, as I alluded 
to, is that – is a possibility that then prices might get a little bit higher in the back half of the year, and that's just how 
we're planning. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. Just if I could, this is Larry, Mark. Just to add 
on to Jon's comments. I don't know where this cost will go. There is certainly some correlation between our commodity 
cost of coffee, as there are in many commodities, with the strength or weakness of the U.S. dollar. I don't know that any 
of us can call that. Obviously, I am concerned about it. We do have though a fundamental strategy of staying out five to 
six months in our purchases, such that if there is any significant change, we can have time to understand it. To 
understand if it is long term or just a blip and then, if long term, to appropriately respond in the marketplace with 
pricing, if at all possible, which is exactly what we did in May of 2008 following a very rapid run up in commodity 
cost, if you recall, in February and March of that year. So I think that's – we'll keep our fingers crossed going forward. 


<Q - Mark Astrachan>: Okay. Great. And then shifting over to the grocery channel. You're in 8,500 stores now; you 
were in 4,800 at the end of June. So there's, obviously, a pretty massive increase in store count. Could you talk about 
what potential benefit that was to K-Cup builds or the Specialty Coffee business in the quarter? 

<A - R. Scott McCreary, Chief Operating Officer>: Hi, Mark. This is Scott McCreary. We don't talk specifically 
about the channel increase, but what we have been very excited about has been the individual sales philosophy of each 
of the items that we've put in. You might recall last year, we had only 11 items in grocery, and the demand has been so 
significant that we've increased that to 24 items. And virtually all of our major customers in the East have now taken on 
all 24 items, and we continue to roll that out to the West. Yeah, those 24 items are what make up our four-foot set. 

<Q - Mark Astrachan>: Okay. And then shifting to the patent expiration issue. You touched on it in your 10-K about 
two principal patents on K-Cup expiring in 2012. You're applying for a renewal of that patent. Could you just give us 
some broad strokes about how we should think about potential K-Cup patents going forward beyond 2012, 2013, and 
just what your views on in term of kind of how you think about that going forward? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Mark. This is Larry. So yes, we currently 
produce products under two patents that are listed, I believe, on all our outer packaging sleeves that do run out in, I 
believe, in September 2012. But what we have said is that there are many aspects of our business that give us 
significant confidence beyond those patent expirations. Certainly, we have license agreements with our current roasters 
that extend well beyond that time. We have a suite of technology that includes patents on Brewers, on packaging 
equipment and, of course, as we've indicated, we continue a very aggressive development on portion packs. I think I 
referenced in the last quarter and then I referenced again earlier today, we have a new next-generation K-Cup 
technology coming that will allow us to deliver larger cup sizes, or a stronger cup of coffee in eight ounces. So that's 
important. And then we are developing significant technology with Café Escapes, brewed-over-ice teas, et cetera. 

Beyond all of that, as I think you're aware, we have other portion pack patents. One of which, I think it expires in 2023, 
if I'm not mistaken? Which was exact – the subject of the earlier litigation with Kraft. And it certainly can also 
potentially play a role in bringing forward new consumer benefits and enhancing our patent protection. So, this is a 
very dynamic business with many, many aspects that allow us, we think, to continue to grow the business nicely going 
forward. 

<Q - Mark Astrachan>: Okay. Great. And then just finally, could you talk about what your views are of whether 
third-party roasters, like Timothy's or Van Houtte, have the right to sell other brands or other brands in K-Cups that 
they could buy in the future? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Our roasters who are under license, each of those 
licenses have been individually negotiated and are confidential. So we do not otherwise comment on them. 

<Q - Mark Astrachan>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

We move next to Scott Van Winkle with Canaccord. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: Hi. Thanks. A couple of Keurig-related questions. First, Dave, you talked about the Away 
From Home channel picking up. Can you give us some indication if that was more office related or hotels? It seems 
like every week somebody shoots me an email from – or shoots me a picture from their phone of a Brewer in their hotel 
room. 

<A - David Manly>: Scott, what I would say is that the good news is, is it's in both. Our office coffee channel, we're 
starting to see growth. I've been with some of our larger customers recently, and they're starting to see a turnaround in 
the office market of people looking for Keurig again. 


So as I indicated, we're starting to see double-digit growth in the office channel. And like you, I also get those emails 
about the new hotels that are coming online with the Keurig B130 Brewer. And that business has been remarkably 
healthy, even during the recession. We – I was frankly surprised how strong that business was, because it's certainly 
providing a benefit to the hotel user in the room, and that business continues to grow at double-digits as well. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: Is that all because of a replacement cycle more so than like upgrading? I was – I wonder if – 
is there a big hotel that's going into a cycle and all of a sudden whether or not it fits the economy, they're going to be 
replacing their brewers and they step up? 

<A - David Manly>: It's a combination of things, Scott. Number one, when new hotels come on line, clearly they look 
for a coffee solution. And more and more as new hotels come up, they look at Keurig in-room as a standard of 
excellence given our strength with the consumer and retail and the office. But also every hotel generally has a coffee 
solution that they look at every couple of years to renew their contracts or make a change. So we're getting a 
combination of both new hotels and also hotels that are looking to upgrade. And I would say it's split almost 50:50 
between the two of those. So it's very healthy for us 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: And on the At Home side. If we look at the market share, and I'm looking specifically at unit 
share quarterly as you kind of build throughout the year, and then all the sudden, you get the big pop and jump in the 
holiday selling period of market share. 

Is that all because of the ad spend in the December quarter? Or is Keurig more of a gift giving item than some other 
coffeemaker? And I'm wondering if we should extrapolate that increase in ad spending onto last year's market share 
gain? 

<A - Michelle V. Stacy, President of Keurig, Inc.>: Okay. This is Michelle. What I will tell you that we always see, 
is that as we get into the Christmas period, gift giving becomes more important. And, therefore the Keurig brand tends 
to have a big pop in the holiday period, the fourth – our first quarter and the calendar fourth quarter, and that tends to 
give us a big pop. 

As we go into the rest of the year, our shares come down a little bit as the more price value brands that are more routine 
purchases tend to gain a little bit of unit share. So we will see a high rise in our share. That will be driven by our 
advertising, by heavy gift giving. And then we'll start to see our share come down a little bit, but not down all the way 
to – we don't expect it to drop back down to current levels. We would expect it to continue to remain high as it did last 
year. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: If I could just add – if you look at Slides 11 and 12 in 
the deck that was posted to our website, I think that is a great description of what Michelle was talking about. 

And we have continued to see more than doubling. If you look at the – our share by dollars or units in any quarter over 
the same quarter prior year. And we would certainly – we're looking forward to this particular quarter with great 
anticipation, and we would expect to continue to see our numbers rise. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: And one last... 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: And a question, I don't know if you can answer it or not. But is there any structural limit to 
how high you can take that unit share? I've always kind of assumed that it would be hard to get past like a 15 share or 
something, just because of the way the market is. 

But do you guys think that there's some level where you just can't go any higher, or can you run the world kind of 
thing? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Scott, yeah, this is Larry. We have never provided 
our projections of how high is high, of what percentage of North American households we believe, or offices, will 
ultimately have a Keurig Single-Cup Brewing System. 


I would suggest though that again those charts are very encouraging, that I just referenced as we continue to see growth 
in share. And those shares, of course, are much higher than the – our current share of installed base in the country, 
which would be probably low single-digits, maybe rising to middle single-digits. These numbers are much higher. 

So even if these were to level off, we would expect we've got significant growth in the installed base. And so far we've 
not seen any sign of it leveling off. But I would not want to hazard a guess of how high is high. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: Okay. And if I look at the 83% consolidated K-Cup sales growth drive in the Keurig 
business unit compared to the 70% system-wide K-Cup sales growth, obviously, Keurig had a higher share of the 
K-Cups going into all channels. Where does that come from? 

I would have assumed before Keurig expanded K-Cupsinto retailers, put more per door and more doors that keurig.com 
was doing a strong business. I'm wondering where that share came from. And I hope I have [inaudible]. 

<Q - John Whoriskey>: This is John Whoriskey. The one thing we would comment on, I think if you again look and 
do your store audits and your store visits, that you will see the presentation at retailers like Bed Bath & Beyond or a 
Kohl's, et cetera, I think we could probably go down the list of all the key retailers. 

And I think over the past year or so, we were seeing dramatic expansion of space allocation and merchandising, et 
cetera. So that is certainly contributing to some of what you're asking, without giving you – we don't talk specifically 
about share by channel and that sort of thing, but I think, again, the visual presentation I think really says a lot about 
what's happening. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Scott, this is Larry. Just to add to John's 
comments. Just in general, as we don't share specific data, but certainly our K-Cup sales has been growing at retail and 
now also significantly at grocery. The channels that are still growing, but maybe not as fast, certainly have been our 
office coffee channel demand and our consumer direct, although they're still growing very nicely. But obviously, we 
are seeing some shift in the share by channel, but that's very much in sync with our mass market approach. The whole 
notion here was that we believe that this opportunity to could go mainstream and as it would go mainstream, we wanted 
to make K-Cups broadly available. I might just turn to Jim just very quickly to talk about our success in grocery on 
using some IRI data. 

<A - James Travis>: Sure. Yeah, this is just a great story. So we, as you can imagine Scott, track IRI very carefully on 
the syndicating consumption data and in the Northeast, where we have these 24 items in the four-foot set, the K-Cup 
dollar sales are actually larger than some of the national package coffee sales for either 12 or 24 weeks, whichever 
period you would choose to look at. So there's some exciting news coming out of sales for K-Cups at grocery, for sure. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: Okay. Okay. And onto the – sticking on the Specialty Coffee side, if I take the Specialty 
Coffee revenue and divide it by the pound shift, I get average revenue per pound down about 10.5% year-over-year. 
I've kind of worked under the assumption that, that would be rising given the average selling price of a pound, and a 
K-Cup is higher than bagged, and you're shifting towards K-Cup. Is there something there or is something I'm missing 
in the number? 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Hey, Scott. This is Fran. In terms of the – we're still definitely seeing 
the majority of growth for Specialty Coffee coming from the K-Cups where we do have a higher realized price per 
pound than the more legacy bag coffee business. So some of that could be just – we're reporting after elimination. I 
think that's some of the data. What happens in the pound is the count data includes K-Cups that the Specialty Coffee 
business basically manufactures and ships out. And because we're seeing higher growth of K-Cups in the retail channel, 
what happens is those K-Cups that the Specialty Coffee business makes for the retail channel and all the other channels 
is in those pounds. And on any given quarter, we might be having higher sales that get eliminated in the inter-company. 
I'm sorry about this for accounting, but so that the net sales number, the 133 million, for example, this quarter end up 
being lower because we're having some of that – those K-Cups really being reported, if you will, to the third-party 
customer in the Keurig division. So one idea – I don't have the numbers right in front of me – I can do them quickly – is 
let's look at the average realized price before inter-company eliminations on the total pounds reported. It should show a 
higher number, and I can do that quickly. 


<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: Okay. Well I can add that back and do the math, too. I don't like to take up all the time. And 
that's all my questions. Thank you very much. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you, Scott. 

Operator 

Next we have Jon Andersen with William Blair 

<Q - Jon Andersen>: Good afternoon. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Hey, Jon 

<Q - Jon Andersen>: I wanted to spend just a minute on the licensing agreements with Conair and Jardin with 
Cuisinart with Keurig technology on shelf, it sounds like in the first half of 2010 and Mr. Coffee in the second. How 
will that – can you help us understand how that will maybe expand the breadth of your price points for the Keurig 
System and what your expectations are in terms of how that might impact market share for Keurig infused Single-Serve 
Systems number one, and what that can do from a margin perspective? Can that improve your gross margin structure as 
some of that – the Brewer unit growth is being accommodated through these licensing agreements going forward? 

<A - Michelle V. Stacy, President of Keurig, Inc.>: Thank you, Jon. This is Michelle. The first thing is that we are 
really excited about these partners coming on board because we do believe they are going to expand our price point 
breadth. In addition, they're going to offer the consumer alternate styles and different varieties of aesthetics that they 
can put on their countertops, which is a big part of why consumers sometimes choose an appliance. So it's going to give 
us price point breadth with Mr. Coffee on one end of the price scale and Cuisinart on the other. It's going to give us 
presence in other channels as well as these companies have brands, their brands in other channels than ours, in other 
stores sometimes as we do. And so we really expect that this is really going to help the consumer to continue to believe 
in our system and to continue to feel that we've gone mainstream. So it's not just the Keurig System that they'll be 
seeing on shelves. They'll walk in, they'll be able in a Bed Bath & Beyond to see the Cuisinart offerings, and in other 
outlets to see the Mr. Coffee offering. 

<A - John Whoriskey>: Yeah. This is John. I'd just add as well, Jon, that we should recognize that we're talking about 
the number one and two coffeemaker brands and unit sales. And also I would say that as Single-Serve from the Keurig 
System becomes more mainstream, that we would expect that number of SKUs on the shelf are going to increase 
because the share of our Single-Serve System should take share away from other coffeemakers that are currently on the 
shelf in a lot of these key retailers. 

<Q - Jon Andersen>: And is there a favorable kind of margin impact there as well, because I know that today Brewers 
go out at kind of close to cost. At least that's what I understand. And potentially, the addition of Mr. Coffee and 
Cuisinart would indicate that more of that would be – more of that demand would be satisfied through these external 
licensing agreements as opposed to internally, which could maybe accelerate that inflection point that we talked about 
earlier on gross margin? 

<A - Michelle V. Stacy, President of Keurig, Inc.>: This is Michelle. I think that in the short term, we are going to 
continue on our strategy of Brewer penetration, and so I would not see any margin inflection in the short term. Longer 
term, as we're all out there on the shelves together, I would begin to think that we would see some – we would begin to 
achieve some margin inflection points. 

<Q - Jon Andersen>: Thanks. Helpful. I really just have one more question. I am Chicago based, and I've been very 
encouraged to see the wall of Keurig advertising in Union Station on a daily basis. I was just wondering how you kind 
of decided on which markets to kind of heavy up and how you kind of measure the return on that investment over time? 

<A - TJ Whalen>: Hi. Hey, Jon. Thank you. This is TJ Whalen. We work across the enterprise to determine which 
markets are going to be most accretive to growth and profits on – based on a number of factors. We've got a pretty 


complex model. Obviously, customer presence, consumer target presence has a lot to do with it. Also it has to do with 
where the brands that we have play strongest. We bring this together through a process that we lead every year and 
determine which markets we're going to focus our efforts on, where we think we can get the greatest return. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: And I'd like to build on it. We were really excited about the Chicago 
event. We actually sold – sampled 15,000 cups of coffee in a three-day period. So that was a really exciting event for 
us. We've seen an immediate lift from consumers logging on from the Illinois area onto our website. We picked the 
four markets in addition to trying to support each of our major brands to support the Green Mountain Coffee brand on 
the East Coast in the Boston area, to support on the West Coast in L.A. and Seattle our Tully's brands, and then in the 
Chicago area, we had both the – we had all three of the brands present: Green Mountain Coffee, Tully's and Caribou as 
well. So it was trying to also make sure we had a focal point for each one of our brands. 

<Q - Jon Andersen>: Terrific. I picked up three of those samples and the Great Hall at Union Station was packed 
every day. So good work on that. Thank you. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you, Jon. 

<A - John Whoriskey>: Thanks for the testimonial, Jon. We really do appreciate it. 

Operator 

Next we'll move to Mitchell Pinheiro with Janney Montgomery Scott. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: Good evening. For Jim Travis, so K-Cups are going in the supermarket. What's coming out? 

<A - James Travis>: They're really re-looking at the whole category, Mitch. So they've got a number of creamers and 
other packaged coffees between Specialty Coffee and also regular coffee items. They're really doing an SKU 
optimization across the whole category. So it's really not about picking on one brand or one package type. It really is 
about looking at the whole category, optimizing bulk, which is in decline, and looking for the space because it is – a 
four-foot space in any grocery store is significant. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: Is that – and that four-foot set you're referencing in the Northeast, you said that K-Cup sales 
were larger sales than some national coffee brands. Is that Specialty Coffee or is that all coffee, including your canned 
coffee? 

<A - James Travis>: For that, I was referencing Specialty Coffee brands. National Specialty Coffee brands is what we 
measured against the consumption data there. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: Okay. 

<A - James Travis>: But, yeah, it's been a big project. We're excited about the completion of some of the major 
retailers in the Northeast which are all now done. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: When you go into the retailers that actually pull apart the K-Cup boxes for – you can pick and 
choose among the flavors and they have bags out, buying them individually. How many do that, and what are the 
findings? It seems to me a great sampling chance. What happens with that? 

<A - James Travis>: Hey, Mitch. Jim. So you're referencing the places in grocery stores where we actually have the 
Keurig Brewer, the commercial Brewer? 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: Well, yeah. There's opened K-Cup boxes where I can take two of this and three of that and put 
them in a bag, and you pay for them individually. 

<A - James Travis>: You've seen something that I am not aware of at the moment. We do have a very formal program 
where we have commercial Brewers out in the stores. So if you're a customer and you want a cup of coffee, you can do 
the brew and – select and brew basically just like you would in the office. 


<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: Okay. 

<A - James Travis>: So that's our commercial B3000 Brewer that's out in those grocery stores, but I haven't seen any 
of the retailers do what you're talking about, basically creating your own assortment? 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: You could check one – the Hannaford in New London, New Hampshire has it. So you can 
check there. That's the closest one, I think, to Waterbury. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No, Mitch, this is Larry. I have seen it. It is not 
something that we have driven, but we do need to continue to learn from it .And maybe there's another opportunity here 
to sell these one at time. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: Okay. So... 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It sounds like an opportunity for another four-foot 
set. 

<A - James Travis>: Yeah. These would be open cart. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: All K-Cups. Yeah. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: Just think Jim, Wal-Mart. Is Wal-Mart – have you had discussions about putting K-Cups in the 
coffee aisle? Or are K-Cups right now going to remain in the Brewer aisle? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I'll actually defer to John Whoriskey on that, Mitch. 
The Keurig team handles the Wal-Mart for us. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: Yes. 

<A - John Whoriskey>: Hi Mitch, this is John. I would say, like all of our retailers have first started out – we've 
always started making sure that the Brewers are merchandised with the K-Cups, and then the program evolves and 
expands beyond that. So I really can't say much other than that right now. And as the business grows, I would assume 
we'll see some changes in that presentation. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: Okay. Fran, are there any – have there been any changes on the costs of goods of the K-Cup 
year-over-year? 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Mitch, this is Fran. The cost profile year-over-year of the K-Cup, I 
think we've had – we talked about coffee and that I would say there's nothing dramatic or no material change there. 
And I don't – we really haven't seen changes in the other key material components. I think what we are seeing is now 
that we've got our Essex facility up and running, as well as Knoxville, and we're – as we noted, we're getting the new 
Sumner facility out in Washington up and running. What we are seeing is continued efficiencies in our labor and 
overhead component piece for the K-Cups. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: Okay. When I – it's model revenue, I always seem to come up short of what you guys do. And 
it seems a lot of it – especially in the guidance, it seems to be on the Brewer revenue, not just because units you've sort 
of have exceed units quarter after quarter, but I wonder if I'm not too low on sort of average Brewer pricing and the 
mix. Can you talk about maybe year-over-year in the fourth quarter and maybe 2010 versus 2009 what we should 
expect for average Brewer pricing, but as it relates to mix too? 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: This is Fran, Mitch. In terms of overall average realized price on 
Brewers year-over-year, it's been pretty steady. As you know, we – when we introduced the Mini – August of 2008, we 
are – the Mini is one of our more popular items and that realized – averaged realized price, that's brought it down a bit, 
but not dramatically. And I think on average will probably – it's pretty – it's been very steady. So I don't think it's on the 
Brewer side. The only thing, as Dave Manly noted last year, as the recession kicked in, we sold a little – less Away 
From Home machines, which have hire average realized prices. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: Right. 


<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: So it was little bit there. And as we talked, K-Cups, I don't think 
there's been any dramatic shift there. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: Okay. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I don't know where you're missing it, Mitch, but... 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: We're getting closer... 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: You're getting most of it right, which you deserve to 
miss one, Mitch. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: Okay. So just a couple more things. Michelle, you had mentioned that I guess it's – is it total 
marketing? I might have missed this – 14 million of 70% versus a year ago. What's that number? 

<A - Michelle V. Stacy, President of Keurig, Inc.>: That was 14 million was our total fall marketing spend, which 
included our national TV advertising. It included our demos and in-malls. It also included Internet media, as well as – 
there's one other thing – all of the events that we're doing and the four city heavy-ups. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: So how much do you think you spend above the line as an offset to revenue? An equal amount 
or as sort of the discounts that you might be helping your retail partners offer? 

<A - Michelle V. Stacy, President of Keurig, Inc.>: Yeah. 

<A - John Whoriskey>: Mitch, this is John. John Whoriskey. I would say that we wouldn't comment on that 
specifically, but suffice to say that I think we are supporting the brand in a way that is generating the merchandising 
and advertising support that you're seeing, and there's a couple of examples of the advertising in the slide deck. You 
know our ad presentation is going form a corner of a page now to full pages and half pages. So it's increased 
dramatically. Our presentation across virtually every key retailer who's using advertising as a vehicle for driving traffic 
has dramatically increased their space allocation to our brand. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. Mitch, this Larry. Just to add on. You know 
certainly we have some funding of the merchandising at point of sale, but as we've talked before, what I continue to be 
excited about is the real synergy of our business model with the business model that's operating at retail or at grocery, 
which are a bit different but still very synergistic. This has become for both types of retailers, grocers and our retailers 
as we define them, a very important business not just in terms of the dollars of sales and margins they're generating, but 
strategically important. And so at retail, obviously, Brewer sales continue to increase, K-Cup sales are increasing faster 
and the strategic aspect of it is, it's bringing consumers into those retail stores every couple of weeks, as they have to 
buy coffee to refill their pantry. And you know nothing's so important to retailers as foot traffic. So they are – the point 
is, they themselves are investing a lot on top of what we might be providing to increase the merchandising, their 
advertising, the amount of time available for sampling because this is so important to them. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: Okay. Two more questions. One, as you look at K-Cup growth here in the first quarter, I mean 
there's – I would just love to get maybe some color on how it plays out. I know you have all your sampler packs in all 
these Brewer boxes, and I was wondering how to think about K-Cup sales during this holiday period. People are buying 
Brewers. I'm not sure people are buying 10 boxes of K-Cups along with every Brewer. So how do you – and the 
Brewers don't get opened right away, so this – whatever attachment rate, obviously, might come down in the first 
quarter because you have to hide the K-Cups for a while before the – you open up the presents. How do we think about 
that in terms of like sequencing the growth? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hey, Mitch, Larry. I'll give you just an answer from 
our household, and then I'll turn it to John for the real answer. But in our household, it's all the folks that we gave 
Brewers to last holiday season, this year we're giving K-Cups. So just – and more Brewers. But anyway, John, you 
want to give him a more professional answer? 


<A - John Whoriskey>: I would also add that we have planned and are seeing a seasonality to our K-Cup business at 
retail as we see a significant seasonality to the coffeemaker business at Christmas time. The significant sales purchase, 
gift item, et cetera. So there is definitely seasonality to this business, and we're starting – we're just getting into the 
season as we speak, and the trend of a year ago we're seeing again at much higher growth rates obviously. So there is a 
significant seasonality in growth over the holiday season for us. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: Okay. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: I'm going to continue to build. I think we really see a couple of 
different dynamics. I think the first thing we see is that people, like Larry has said, it's becoming a gift – a house gift to 
a party. So a lot of those variety packs are being purchased and used pre-season, pre-Christmas. There's a lot of self 
purchase at this time period of the Keurig machine. It's something that I give myself to make my house more inviting 
for the holiday season. And I think we are also seeing a fair number of K-Cups going along with the Brewer purchases, 
a gift. They are being hidden under the tree. And we account in our K-Cup modeling for the fact that it takes a couple 
of weeks after the holiday season to have those consumers come back into the store and purchase. So we traditionally 
see a very high rise of K-Cup purchase at point of sale during the Christmas period. A little bit of a lull like the week 
after Christmas, and then the consumer starts to come back in as they start to look to purchase the K-Cups for their 
newly-purchased machines. So we do see a tendency to have really high growth during the months of January and 
February, and that's what you saw last year as well. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: Okay. That's helpful. Next question maybe for Jon Wettstein. 90 to $110 million of capital 
spending in '10. What are the major projects? 

<A - Jon Wettstein>: Hi, Mitch. This is Jon. I mean the real driver to our capital spending is supporting this wonderful 
growth that we have to work with, and so the largest category would be packaging lines, with both the sellers and the 
end of line partners. And then second to that would be the coffee equipment itself. So as we add roasting and grinding 
capacity to Knoxville, as we add a new roaster into Sumner in addition to the one we moved from Seattle, those are 
really the two biggest categories of our spending. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: So is Sumner fit out for the time being? Or is there – or would we be adding roasting later in 
the year? 

<A - Jon Wettstein>: Exactly that, Mitch. Sumner is fully fit out roasting, grinding and packaging, all package types 
that we offer under the Tully's brand, and then the next big addition is one of the higher speed K-Cup packaging lines 
in the early calendar 2010, and then the roasting system will go in, in the summer. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

We have time for one final question, that'll be from Bryan Spillane with Banc of America. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: Hi. Good evening, and thanks for taking the question this late into the call. I am sitting in a 
hotel room staring at a coffeemaker that actually doesn't work. And it's not one of yours, so. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Oh good. I'm glad you clarified that, Bryan. Bryan, 
make sure you tell the Front Desk, please. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Yes. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: Just a couple of quick ones. Fran, the interest expense guidance for next year, does it assume 
that you'll draw down, because I think, if I've got it right, you've got a net cash position on your balance sheet. So does 
it assume you're going to spend some of that cash? Or is there something else that drives actually having interest 
expense next year? 


<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Interest expense, Bryan, when we executed the equity offering, part 
of the proceeds we did pay down some debt. We left at the end of this fiscal year, you'll see we have about $79 million 
of debt still on our balance sheet. The reason is there's three interest rate swaps that were somewhat cost prohibitive we 
felt to break, and those continue into the majority of fiscal 2010. So our assumptions are we'll leave that debt on our 
books, and then in addition throughout the year, we'll be tapping our line for builds and inventories and pay down, so 
there's some interest costs associated with the increase and then the decrease in the line. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: And then in terms of the cash balance, you're just not assuming much interest on the cash 
balances that you have? 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Well, unfortunately, based on how we see the market and what we're 
realizing right now, it's fairly low. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Is Banc of America thinking about offering higher 
interest rates? 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: I was just going to say if you can find a higher rate, let me know. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. All right. Okay. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: And then in terms of – and you may have said this, so forgive me if you have. But in the pound 
volume for the Specialty Coffee business unit, did you just say how much Tully's contributed to that in the quarter? 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Bryan, this is Fran. We didn't specifically say as we've – we've 
integrated Tully's into Specialty Coffee business units, and to some degree, into the Keurig unit because we sell quite a 
lot of K-Cups to the retail and also keurig.com. So we haven't disclosed the percentage of our pounds, but it definitely 
helped contribute to some of the growth this quarter in the single digits. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: Okay. And then just a last one. Larry, I guess just how does – if Peet's does close on the 
acquisition of Diedrich, how does affect or does it affect at all your expansion plans, I guess, especially in the West 
Coast in the retail, I guess? And particularly if Peet's ends up going – the Peet's brand ends up going into K-Cups, does 
that at all affect you're – the acquisition model of Tully's and the expansion plans you have there in retail on the West 
Coast? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: As I indicated, we just really can't comment on a 
pending transaction, but I'd just say that we're very focused on our own growth plans, and we think that we have 
excellent opportunity to continue to expand our product. Still some distribution expansion in retail available and 
significant expansion to us in grocery, as I am looking at Jim Travis. He did just reference that we're now rolling our 
enterprise K-Cups into Safeway and Kroger and other accounts. So we're very excited about that. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: So at this point, you haven't changed your plan? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We have no change in our plans. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: Okay. Great. Thank you very much. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks, Bryan. 

Operator 

That does conclude our question-and-answer session. At this time, I'll turn the call back over to our speakers for any 
final or additional comments. 

Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer 


I am really pleased that all of you hung in here on the call. It really has been a pleasure to talk to you about all that is 
going on at GMCR and all of our exciting prospects. And the last note, I would also like to take this opportunity on 
Veterans Day to acknowledge and thank our great veterans and those in the military for their service to our nation. 
Thanks, everyone. I appreciate it. 

Operator 

That does conclude our conference call for today, everyone. Thank you all for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


