Q2 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Suzanne DuLong, Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications 
• Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer 
• Michelle Stacy, President, Keurig 
• Scott McCreary, President, GMCR Specialty Coffee Business Unit 
• John Whoriskey 
• TJ Whalen 
Other Participants 

• Scott Van Winkle 
• Mark Astrachan 
• Mitch Pinheiro 
• Bryan Spillane 
• Anton Brenner 
• William Chappell, Jr. 
• Jon Andersen 
• Gregory McKinley 
• Philip Terpolilli 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, and welcome everyone to the Green Mountain Coffee Roasters Fiscal 2010 Second Quarter Release 
Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. 

At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the company Vice President of 
Investor Relations and Corporate Communications, Suzanne DuLong. Please go ahead ma'am. 

Suzanne DuLong, Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate 
Communications 

Thank you, Dave, and welcome everyone. Today's press release is available on our website at www.gmcr.com. Also on 
the Investor Relations portion of our website, we've provided slides to summarize and supplement much of the 
information we'll discuss on this call. I urge you to view these slides as they contain key messages and data about our 
performance. 

Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call to questions from the sell-side analysts. Due to time constraints 
and to ensure we have the opportunity to address everyone's questions during the call, we ask that you limit yourself to 
one question. If time permits, we will revisit you for follow-up questions. 


Finally, I'll remind everyone that certain statements will be made today which are forward-looking within the meaning 
of Securities laws. Owing to the uncertainties of forward-looking statements, our actual results may differ materially 
from anything projected in these forward-looking statements. We can give no assurance as to their accuracy and we 
assume no obligation to update them. For further information on risks and uncertainties, please read the company's SEC 
filings and the paragraph in today's press release that begins with the word "Certain Statements". 

And now I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Larry Blanford. 

Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks Suzanne. Fran Rathke, Chief Financial Officer; Michelle Stacy, President of our Keurig Business Unit; and 
Scott McCreary, President of the Specialty Coffee Business Unit will also join me with prepared remarks on today's 
call. 

I'm pleased to be with you today in reporting another very solid quarterly performance from GMCR. Separately today, 
we also announced a three-for-one stock split to be effected in a form of a stock dividend. We believe the stock 
dividend allows us to share our success with our loyal investors and underscores our confidence in our business going 
forward. 

Turning to our Q2 results. This quarter we generated non-GAAP earnings of $0.60 per share, representing an increase 
of 82% versus last year's comparable non-GAAP $0.33 per share. Our second quarter net sales of $325 million 
represent year-over-year growth of 68%. 

Underlying, our strong growth were system-wide K-Cups shipments of 720 million K-Cup portion packs, an increase 
of 67% over the same period last year, as well as shipments of 731,000 brewers with Keurig branded brewing 
technology. We believe these strong Keurig brewer sales are largely attributable to increasing consumer awareness of 
and interest in the convenience, quality and value represented by the Keurig Single-Cup system. 

Our net income, excluding M&A transaction expenses, increased about 114% in the second quarter. As strong as our 
earnings are, they were lowered by a brewer quality issue caused by a component used in limited production runs of 
certain of our reservoir brewers in late calendar 2009. 

One of the keys to our success has been in exceeding customer's expectations and we take the quality and reliability of 
our brewing systems very seriously. We implemented hardware and software changes which we believe have corrected 
the issue. I emphasize that there were never any consumer safety issues indicated and our response to correct the 
quality issue and to replace consumer's defective brewers was our highest priority. 

Even with these challenges however, we were very pleased with retail sell-through of brewers in the quarter. With our 
NPD unit and dollar shares nearly doubling year-over-year, and Keurig remaining the number one dollar share leader 
versus all coffee makers and brewers. We estimate we now have about 4 million brewers in active use at home, and we 
believe continued growth of that installed base in combination with other key business initiatives will fuel our 
single-serve razor/razorblade business model going forward. 

Driving our confidence in our strategy are a number of enabling business initiatives designed to enhance consumer 
interest and choice, and therefore our business value. Our efforts here are focused in three primary areas. First, we are 
focused on driving continued adoption of the Keurig single-serve brewing system. We believe there are two key factors 
of faster adoption, and our efforts are designed to drive both simultaneously. They are brewer availability and system 
awareness, and consumer confidence in access to coffee brands and taste profile within the system that consumers 
enjoy. 

Going forward, we expect that our expanded Keurig brewer offerings, and our agreements with Cuisinart and Mr. 
Coffee brands will increase Keurig's brewer availability and system adoption by consumers. We also continue to 
expand the products in our beverage portfolio offering more consumer choice. 


During the quarter, we announced a multi-year manufacturing and distribution agreement to bring the Folger's Gourmet 
Selections and Millstone brands to the growing K-Cup brand portfolio this fall. We believe these well recognized 
brands will be strong additions to the portfolio enabling us to provide greater variety and choice and therefore 
broadening system appeal to even more consumers. We also continued our grocery store expansion as Scott will detail. 

The second key factor in our business model is continued product development focused on brewer, K-Cup and 
beverage innovation to enhance the value of the Keurig Brewing System for the consumer. Our best offense and 
defense is our continued focus on innovation. We believe we have an important strategic advantage as a result of 
having brewer packaging and beveraging development under a single corporate roof. 

This advantage has enabled us to begin to capitalize in what we believe as a significant opportunity to increase brewer 
usage occasions with new beverage choices. To that end we launched several new beverage products in the quarter, and 
just last week, we opened our new beverage development center in Waterbury, Vermont. 

In response to consumer interest in energy drinks during the quarter, we introduced Revv and Revv Pulse in K-Cup 
portion packs. Using 100% of Arabica coffee to create a stimulating cup with rich body, smooth balance and 
high-octane energy. Revv and Revv Pulse with ginseng and guarana were designed to appeal to the same active 
consumers that made energy drinks the fastest growing beverage category in the US. In response to Keurig users' most 
desired new K-Cups, we also introduced the first varieties of our new Travel Mug size K-Cups. 

Travel Mug K-Cups are specially designed portion packs that create perfectly brewed coffee on the largest brewer side 
setting of the Keurig Single-Cup Brewers. Most of Revv products and the Travel Mug K-Cups were possible as a result 
of new proprietary portion pack technology that allow us more coffee to be packed in each K-Cup portion pack. 

I'm also pleased to report that despite some challenges with raw material procurement that limited supply, our Café 
escapes dairy based beverages, have met with tremendous consumer response and represented about 7% of K-Cups 
sold through food, drug and mass merchants in the quarter. With summer and warmer weather fast approaching, we're 
working to capitalize on the success of last year's 12 introduction of our brewed-over-ice beverages, and Scott will 
discuss those in his comments. 

Finally, the third area of focus is leveraging the Keurig Brewing System to introduce our growing family of regionally 
known brands to more consumers. The brewer is a great vehicle for consumers to gain familiarity with our brands in a 
Single-Serve format. Then through marketing and distribution initiatives, we also make our coffees available for 
traditional drip brewing methods in multiple channels across expanded geographies, and now Canada with the 
Timothy's acquisition. In combination with our extensive multi-channel distribution network, our growing family of 
beverage brands will allow consumers to benefit by having more choices of delicious coffee and other hot and cold 
beverages in more places. 

The combined result of these three efforts, that is driving adoption of the Keurig Brewing System, continued innovation 
and expanding the geographic reach of our strategic brands from the basis of our value proposition to customers and 
consumers alike. These factors also are key to how we grow our earnings and increase shareholder value. 

We are very pleased to be able to deliver the financial results we have while remaining true to our purpose to transform 
the way the world views business. As we announced earlier this week, we were selected from among hundreds of 
submissions from around the world to be included in McDonald's 2010 Global Best of Sustainable Supply under the 
leadership of Rick Peyser, Director of Social Advocacy and Coffee Community Outreach. 

We initiated supportive projects with the goal of eliminating 'los meses flacos' or 'the thin months' by helping coffee 
growing families diversify their agricultural products and income. In acknowledgment of our efforts to demonstrate that 
profitability can go hand in hand with social and environmental responsibility, we were also very pleased to be named 
one of the 100 Best Corporate Citizens by Corporate Responsibility Magazine during the quarter. 

In closing, a few words on scaling our business. Holiday 2010 is fast approaching and we're already taking actions now 
to ensure we are prepared. We are ramping brewer production capacity in China and beverage capacity at every one of 
our North American locations to enable us to capitalize not only on the opportunity of the 2010 holiday gift-giving 


season, but also on what we see as a growing single-serve beverage opportunity. 

Now I'll turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Fran Rathke. Fran? 

Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Larry. As Suzanne mentioned during the introduction to this call, supplemental slides summarizing our 
financial highlights are posted to the Investor Services portion of our website. 

The main growth drivers of our 68% year-on-year revenue growth continue to be sales of the Keurig Single-Cup 
system to retailers, supermarkets, consumer direct and to the office coffee channel. Our growth margin improved 130 
basis points over last year to 33.4%, reflecting higher manufacturing gross margin resulting from the increase in our 
manufactured K-Cups as a percentage of total system volume. 

Offsetting the higher manufacturing gross margin was an increase in warranty expense and sales returns related to the 
brewer quality issue Larry mentioned. I estimate our gross margin would have been 200 to 250 basis points higher 
without the related warranty and return costs. 

The new FASB 141 ruling dealing with business combinations became effective for GMCR beginning this fiscal year. 
As a result, included in the second quarter G&A expense is approximately $5 million of M&A expenses related to our 
pending Diedrich acquisition, which impacts our operating margin and translates to $0.06 per share this quarter. You'll 
see this detailed in the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation table provided with today's earnings press release. 

With these one-time acquisition related expenses, SG&A margin increased slightly from the same period last year from 
20.3% to 20.8% of sales. Our non-GAAP operating margin, which is exclusive of the acquisition related expenses, 
improved to 14.2% from 11.7% in the prior year. The company's tax rate was 38.6% as compared to 39.2% in the prior 
year. 

Weighted shares outstanding of 45.9 million increased by 6.9 million shares or 18% from the 39 million shares 
outstanding during the prior year, primarily as a result of our August 2009 equity offering. 

Non-GAAP net income per diluted share for our second quarter was $0.60, at the top end of our guided range, 
representing an increase of 82% when compared to non-GAAP net income per diluted share of $0.33 in the second 
quarter of 2009. 

Before I provide our revised guidance for the fiscal year and our fiscal third quarter, I'll talk to our pending acquisition 
of Diedrich. In short, there is nothing new on the Diedrich transaction. We continue to work with the FTC as it 
conducts its review and remain confident that we will close the transaction in early 2010. We continue to anticipate that 
this transaction will be neutral to slightly accretive within the first 12 months following the close, excluding the 
one-time transaction expenses and accretive thereafter. However, the guidance I'm about to provide is exclusive of any 
potential acquisition-related benefits or costs. 

Please keep in mind that my remarks about our guidance and all other information we have discussed in this call and 
provided in our supplementary slides is based on our current expectations and our belief that we can achieve this 
growth. As such, the estimates involve many risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from the 
estimates discussed here. 

We are raising our estimate for sales growth for fiscal 2010. We now expect total consolidated net sales growth in a 
range of 62 to 65% over fiscal 2009. This is an increase from our prior guidance for growth of 57% to 62%. We 
continue to anticipate total K-Cups shipped system-wide will increase over 2009 in the range of 73 to 78%. We 
continue to anticipate operating margin improvement driven by stronger year-over-year growth margin. 

Even with the capacity related investment requirements that Larry touched upon, we continue to anticipate a 
non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 12.4% to 12.7% for the fiscal year exclusive of any one-time acquisition 
related transaction expenses. 


We expect a tax rate of 39.7% compared to 38.2% in fiscal 2009 excluding the tax impact of our one-time acquisition 
related transaction expenses. And we fully – and we expect fully diluted non-GAAP earnings per share in the range of 
$2.04 to $2.14 per share pre-split or $0.68 to $0.71 per share post three-for-one split. This non-GAAP estimate is 
consistent with our previous guidance for GAAP EPS of $1.95 to 2.05, which we provided when we reported our fiscal 
first quarter results. Our prior GAAP estimate included $0.09 per share of acquisition related expenses incurred in the 
first quarter of fiscal 2010. 

In an effort to provide additional transparency to our business and in order to be consistent with the way we as 
management evaluate and report on the performance of the business, we've opted to provide fiscal 2010 guidance on a 
non-GAAP basis exclusive of transaction-related expenses. 

Our fully diluted non-GAAP earnings per share estimate includes $11 million pre-tax of $0.15 per diluted share, 
non-cash amortization expenses related to the identifiable intangibles of our acquisition. 

Turning to the third quarter of fiscal 2010, we expect total consolidated net sales growth of 58 to 63% over the same 
period in 2009. We anticipate an operating margin in the range of 13.3 to 13.8% excluding any one-time acquisition 
related transaction expenses for the pending Diedrich acquisition. 

We estimate that fully diluted non-GAAP earnings per share will be in the range of $0.50 to $0.54 per share or $0.16 to 
$0.18 per share post three-for-one split. This compares to the prior year fully diluted non-GAAP earnings per share of 
$0.36 per share. 

Please note that last year's third quarter tax rate of 34.7% was unusually low due to higher research and development 
and foreign tax credit. This lower than usual tax rate contributed approximately $0.03 per share to last year's third 
quarter EPS. We are estimating our tax rate for 2010 excluding the impact of the undeductible M&A transaction 
expenses will be around 39.7%. 

Now I'll turn the call over to Michelle Stacy. 

Michelle Stacy, President, Keurig 

Thank you, Fran, and good afternoon, everyone. For the Keurig Business Unit, net sales for the second quarter were 
171 million, up 68% from the net sales of 102 million in the same period last year. Approximately two-thirds of the 
increase can be attributed to strong K-Cup sales to retailers and to consumers via Keurig.com. 

As previously discussed, we experienced a brewer quality issue this quarter predominantly in our B70 series brewer. In 
addition to implementing hardware and software changes which we believe resolve the quality issue, we also refined 
our quality control practices to mitigate the potential for reoccurrence. Most importantly, however, we were extremely 
focused on the consumer experience and worked with our customer care teams to ensure consumers receive 
extraordinary customer care and replacement brewers as quickly as possible. In fact, based on our quarterly consumer 
survey, we continue to maintain overall satisfaction levels in excess of 90%. 

Despite our lower than desired inventory positions and production challenges in the quarter, I'm very pleased that we 
continue to take share in the coffee maker market. As Larry noted, according to MPD, Keurig remain the number one 
dollar share leader in the coffee maker category for the most recent quarter with four out of the top five brewers in the 
category. Both dollar and unit volumes more than doubled. Dollar share grew 24.6%, up from 14.1% a year ago, and 
unit share grew to 10.9, up from 5.7 a year ago. Shares with MPD in Canada show that Keurig is beginning a similar 
path in this market having finish calendar Q1 2010 as the fastest growing coffee maker brand up 180% in dollar sales. 

In Q2, we began shipping our new B31 Mini Plus, and retailers are very excited about this model. The B31 Mini Plus 
brews a hotter cup of coffee in less time than the existing Mini. In addition, it has a more intuitive consumer interface. 
The Mini Plus suggested retail price is 99.99. While outside the Q2 timeframe, we conducted an outstanding QVC 
event on March 31, where we sold out the event selling more than 34,000 Mini Plus brewers in one day. We see the 
success of our recent QVC event as an indicator that even with audiences who have previously been exposed to our 


products, the opportunity for additional penetration remains high. 

After an extremely successful Christmas season, retailers indicated to us at the Housewares Show that they are intended 
to expand the brewer and K-Cup assortment for Christmas 2010. For instance, Wal-Mart will be expanding its brewer 
assortment adding the original B30 Mini beginning in calendar Q2. With the addition of new appliance license fees and 
new coffee license fees, Keurig has developed a stronger system brand identity. 

The Keurig brewed logo is being placed in a more prominent position on packaging. This new brand identity will 
launch with the new nested 18-count package that allows for more products on the shelf. Over the next 12 months, the 
new Keurig brewed identity will roll out on all K-Cups and appliance and accessory packaging. 

Another important highlight for the quarter was the strength in our Away from Home business, which is having good 
year thus far despite a still recovering economy. Our Away from Home business is important to our overall Keurig and 
GMCR growth as it is a dynamic and profitable business for us, and it provides a great trial vehicle for the Keurig 
system that helps fuel At Home penetration. 

In Q2, our Away from Home brewer installations more than doubled versus a year ago. This growth has attributed to 
many factors, but let me point out a few in particular. First, during Q2, we had a very successful launch of the B150 
series brewer. This brewer includes the first interactive touch screen of any Keurig brewer and a very large water tank 
perfect for small offices. Second, our small office brewer, the Office Pro, is now more competitively priced for the 
segment. This, in conjunction with building our small office online business, has accelerated our small office and small 
business penetration. Finally, we continue to have success placing brewers in upmarket hotel property. Today there are 
more than 100,000 hotel rooms with the B130 brewer driving an estimated 12 million annual demonstration of the 
Keurig system. 

In closing, a business that is growing as fast as ours has found the best challenges. We did so in Q2, and I'm confident 
we're stronger and better for it. Our At Home and Away from Home businesses continue to grow at unprecedented 
levels. Our success in increasing household and office penetration of Keurig brewers will continue to drive higher 
system-wide K-Cup shipments for GMCR. And the availability of new beverages like those Larry discussed will 
continue to drive opportunities for increased brewer usage. 

Scott McCreary will share with you more details of our Specialty Coffee and K-Cup business. 

Scott McCreary, President, GMCR Specialty Coffee Business Unit 

Thanks, Michelle. The Specialty Coffee Business Unit delivered strong growth as we continue to drive Keurig 
single-cup brewer and K-Cup portion pack adoption increasing our year-over-year dollar sales by 69%. 

Our multichannel distribution strategy continues to drive growth across all of our channels. In our At Home business, 
our growth continues to come from increased K-Cup distribution and same-store sales growth in supermarkets and club 
stores. Based on IRI data for the 12 weeks ending March 21, 2010, the single-cup category now represents 61% of the 
growth in the coffee category in food, drug and mass merchandisers. We added 1,200 supermarket locations in the last 
quarter bringing our total supermarket count to over 12,000 to work with IRI and Nielsen. 

We have also confirmed that in terms of absolute dollars, K-Cups are the fastest growing sub-category in the center of 
the store. And in total US grocery, dollar sales of K-Cups have now surpassed the sales of most major specialty coffee 
brands. Going forward, we continue to work on geographic expansion plans, including regional introduction of our 
family of brands such as Timothy's, Newman's Own Organics and Green Mountain Coffee in Canadian supermarkets. 

In addition to our growing supermarket presence, wholesale club stores have become a fast growing channel for the 
Specialty Coffee Business Unit and sales have exceeded our expectation. In the Away from Home business, we 
recently wrapped up in the 11 city office lobby tour, where we conducted 110 sampling events and distributed more 
than 70,000 samples. We also launched a number of programs designed to support growth in some of our traditional 
by-the-cup locations in food service and C-store segments. 


There is no question that we are seeing growth as a result of our expanding brand portfolio and growing selection of 
beverage choices, all designed to increase our appeal to an ever-growing audience of consumers with expanding needs. 
In Q2, we received the results of our fourth annual brand tracking attitude and usage study, a nationwide survey of 
2,000 plus coffee consumers designed to enable us to measure the health of our brand. 

Green Mountain Coffee brand is gaining strength nationally while reaching leadership status in the Northeast and 
continuing to deliver healthy growth. More than one-third of the total Specialty Coffee Business Unit revenue is now 
coming from our newer brands, which are growing at higher rates through expanded availability. 

Our Donut House Collection sub-brand grew to nearly 6% of total coffee revenue in the quarter as a result of the 
introduction of the collection at retail. We are increasing the marketing efforts behind our portfolio of brands focusing 
on maximizing consumer appeal, demand and usage. We have confidence in these efforts having just won two of the 
awards for campaign effectiveness. 

Larry talked briefly to some of our most recent beverage introductions, and I'd like to expand on his comments. We're 
very excited about the potential opportunity in non-coffee beverages and based on results to-date, consumer share our 
enthusiasm. During the height of the cold weather season, Café Escapes were the number three K-Cup branding 
grocery. We're expanding our selection of Perfect Iced Tea in K-Cups under the Celestial brand. In fact we'll be 
sampling several new varieties including Southern Sweet Tea, Berry Lime, Tropical Breeze and Half and Half which is 
half lemonade and half iced tea with distributors at the NAMA Trade Show in Chicago tomorrow. And some may have 
seen at the recent Housewares Show, we're also planning to introduce a line of iced coffee in K-Cups later this spring. 
Iced coffee consumption is on the rise and we plan to delight consumers with this new offering. 

In addition to the new development, during the quarter we released our limited edition Spring Revival Blend featuring 
Fair Trade Certified Coffee from Rwanda. The Spring Revival Blend is the result of a partnership between Green 
Mountain Coffee, The Cordes Foundation and TransFair USA. The partnership aims to raise awareness to the Rwandan 
coffee story and increase consumer demand for this impoverished country's specialty coffee and keeping with our 
commitment to Corporate Social Responsibility following our 2006 introduction of the first compostable eco-friendly 
hot paper cup made from renewable resources. We have again collaborated with International Paper to introduce the 
ecotainer lid, which is now made from renewable resources as well. 

Finally, in the upcoming quarter we plan to pilot test a new material made from renewable resources for some of our 
K-Cups. We'll start this slowly with likely just one tea variety and determine if this is a viable technology for us to use 
more broadly. Perhaps the biggest challenges we face going forward are those associated with managing and enabling 
our growth. 

Our expanding brand portfolio has more than 200 varieties and optimizing multi-site production and distribution 
around that many skews is a growing challenge. We continue to invest in our capacity across all our production sites to 
ensure that we can provide the variety of fresh, high quality products and excellent customer service our customers 
expect. We are adding more lines in the next six months and are working with our production line manufacturers on 
plans for our capacity needs for the next 18 months to two years. 

Following the success of our 12-count nested packaging grocery, we are also adding new nesting lines to support 
18-count nested take-up packaging for retail. These nested packages are more efficient to transport and make it possible 
to start more offerings on store shelves. While adding capacity, we are also increasing efficiencies and we are pleased 
with the improved gross margins we've been able to deliver thus far. 

In summary, we have plans in place to continue our aggressive growth with increasing manufacturing and distribution 
scale and ambitious R&D efforts to continue to expand our hot and cold beverage offering, and increased marketing 
efforts to strengthen our brand and our relationship with consumers. 

And now I will turn the call back to Larry. 

Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer 


Thanks Scott. Fran, Michelle, Scott and I are joined today by several members of our management team for the Q&A 
portion of today's call. From our Keurig Business Unit, we have John Whoriskey, General Manager of the Home 
Division, and from our Specialty Coffee Business Unit, we have TJ Whalen, Vice President of Marketing, and Jim 
Travis, Vice President of Sales. 

As Suzanne stated at the start, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. If time permits, we will revisit the queue 
for follow-up questions. Operator, will you open the question queue? 

Q&A 

Operator 

Certainly. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Scott Van Winkle of Canaccord. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: Good evening everyone. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Good evening, Scott. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Hi Scott. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: So Fran, you made a comment about excluding the cost of the quality issue with the B70, 
the gross margin would have been 200 to 250 basis points higher, is that right? 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: That's correct. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: So, if I just do some back-of-the-envelope math, that's like 6.5 to $8 million or about $0.09 a 
share in the quarter, couple of things on that, is that 50 or 75,000 brewers? And then second, if that's not going to repeat 
in the next quarter, it would seem like the earnings guidances is pretty conservative for that Q3? 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Scott, this is Fran. So, yes, I echo the range you provided of 6 to 8 
million, around 7. In terms of our guidance, our fiscal third quarter tends to have some seasonality, typically not as 
strong volume as you see in some of the other quarters given that summer time, and this year as we noted, we're very 
excited about what we see in the horizon and Q3 is a significant investment quarter where we'll be ramping production 
capacity, including investing in our innovation and R&D teams as well as obviously the staffing to support the 
projected growth. 

This is consistent with sort of how we laid out our annual plans. As we noted, we're increasing our top line and our EPS 
estimates remain unchanged primarily because we believe it's the right thing to do for the long-term to make these 
investments. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: And there is a natural follow-up there, if I could. Is that quarter benefiting from 
replenishment of retailers from kind of the short inventory you saw throughout the second quarter, is that why the 
revenue guidance is so strong and EPS doesn't go up? 

<A - John Whoriskey>: Hi Scott, this is John Whoriskey. We are working hard to recover from very strong Christmas 
season and are still replenishing retail inventories through the next quarter, the quarter that we're in currently, and 
probably a little bit into the summer as well. And then being on that, we start preparing for Christmas 2010. So we're 
still not in a perfect inventory position with our retailers and working really hard to get there. But again, we are 
constrained by capacity issues that we're working through. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: Thank you very much. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks, Scott. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you, Scott. 


Operator 

And we'll now take a question from Mark Astrachan with Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Mark Astrachan>: Hey, good afternoon everyone. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hey Mark. 

<Q - Mark Astrachan>: I guess, sort of building on that last question. I was wondering if you could help me 
understand some of the components of your full year revenue growth – revenue growth guidance. Specifically have you 
taken pricing on K-Cups or brewers, I know Diedrich had mentioned something about price increases in their press 
release and then sort of related to that, Timothy's seems to have been a bit more of a contribution in the quarter than I 
would have expected, so did that help? And then also, Timothy's didn't close until end of March last year, so what was 
the contribution to that in the quarter? 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Hi Mark, this is Fran. Just on the last question on Timothy's, I think 
in our press release we do spell out of the 68% growth that we had this quarter, I think approximately it's in the net 
sales discussion. We noted that Timothy's provided approximately 10 percentage points of the 68% increase this 
quarter, and I echo we'll have another quarter of not anniversarying Timothy's. So that's a piece of our growth. That's 
on the first part of your question about pricing and some of those assumptions in our estimates. We don't anticipate 
really any pricing changes on our K-Cups and other products, no increases to the consumer, so that's essentially 
factored into our estimates. 

<Q - Mark Astrachan>: And on the Tully's piece of contribution, what was that in the quarter? 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: We don't really break that out. At this point, we bought Tully's just 
at the end of last year's second quarter, it was the March 27. So that if you remember they were at that time 
approximately 3 to 4% of system K-Cups, and it's not a significant number as Timothy's. And we have merged them 
quickly into our Specialty Coffee Business Unit to the point where it's really not as, you can't break it out as easily. 

<Q - Mark Astrachan>: Okay. And just to clarify on the pricing question then, so what Diedrich is doing is totally 
separate from what you all are doing on the pricing? 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, Diedrich as you know is an independent company. 

<Q - Mark Astrachan>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you very much, and moving on to our next question. We'll take a question from Mitch Pinheiro with Janney 
Montgomery Scott. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: Good afternoon. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hey Mitch. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: So, on K-Cups, system-wide K-Cups, with 82% growth in the first quarter, 67 in the second, I 
think it comes to about 77% first half over first half. And so was the slowdown Q2 versus Q1, the sequential slowdown, 
a function of sort of shipping ahead of consumption in the December quarter, and then behind consumption or was 
there something else to that? And then second related to that, are you finding any changes in consumption rates of 
K-Cups? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Mitch, this is Larry. So, first of all, I think by my 
calculations the first half, I think, is averaging about 74%, but I think you're correct. I think we did see more seasonality 
in our first quarter, and maybe there is a bit of consumer behavior change. I know that the year before I gave like 37 
brewers to people on my Christmas list, and then this past year I gave them all K-Cups. So, possibly we saw some 


difference in consumer behavior, but the first half is still very strong and we're holding to our guidance for the year. We 
did have some production issues. I'm going to let Scott McCreary speak to those. Scott? 

<A - Scott McCreary, President, GMCR Specialty Coffee Business Unit>: Yes, hi, Mitch. We did see in Q2 some 
tight inventory, especially with regard to Café Escapes, Caribou branded products in 12-count that limited some of our 
shipments in the kind of the low single-digit percentages of the total quarter. I think that did affect some of our total 
K-Cup shipments for the quarter. And as we continue to get lines up and work with our suppliers on these products, we 
will be able to catch them back up. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And then John Whoriskey, you want to speak to his 
last question which was on the usage, consumer usage. 

<A - John Whoriskey>: Yes, we continue – hi Mitch. We continue to see the consumption per day averaging right 
around 2. We haven't seen any significant change in all that. And again, we continually monitor that through our 
surveys and et cetera. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: And as a follow-up, was there any – can you quantify any impact of like channel fill as you 
continue to build out your grocery segment, is there an impact there? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. Mitch, this is Larry. I would say that the amount 
in channel fill is not really all that significant in a given quarter, given the overall tremendous demand across all 
channels. It really is not a factor. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: Okay, thank you. I'll get back in queue. 

<A - John Whoriskey>: Thanks Mitch. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you Mitch. 

Operator 

And we will take question now from Bryan Spillane, Banc of America Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: Hi. Good afternoon. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hey Bryan. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Hi Bryan. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: Just a follow-up question on the gross margins or on operating margin as well I guess. Just it 
seems to me if you add back the cost of the recall or the warranties that relative to your guidance, the operating profit 
margins were actually better than what you were expecting in the quarter, is that right? 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Bryan, this is Fran. That is correct. We had provided guidance of 14 
to 14.7% operating margin, excluding any M&A costs. So with the M&A taken out, we're at 14.2. So we were able to 
absorb, if you will, and once again it's not, it was not a recall but we were able to absorb this brewer return issue. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: So it's – so what – Fran, just – is that a – so it's better, it's running better than expected and is 
that a function of – is the mix better? I'm just trying to get an understanding of why it seems like it's better than you 
were budgeting, and it seemed also in the last quarter at least relative to what we were forecasting, the margins were 
also better than expected. So I'm just trying get an understanding of what's pulling them up? 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Well, I think, in terms of estimates, obviously we provided ranges 
for Q2 on the top line. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: Right. 


<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: We were at the higher end of our guidance of 64 to 69 and we came 
in at 68. So, we have stronger sales at the higher end of our range there, so that obviously helps. Second is SCBU, the 
Specialty Coffee Business Unit with the manufacturing efficiency and also what we had projected for the benefit of 
buying Timothy's as well as still having Tully's this quarter versus last year we didn't own them, that ended up – we had 
a higher margin for SCBUs than what we had initially planned. And then we did have the pressure obviously from this 
warranty and sales returns within the Keurig business unit. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: Okay and. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And Bryan, this is Larry. And then as we look at the 
Q3 as she was talking about, we're making some very significant investments, and one of those is certainly in 
manufacturing capacity. We're leading our timeline of last year to make certain that we have sufficient capacity in place 
for what we expect to be the tsunami of demand that will hit us next holiday season in the quarter that follows, because 
we're little light this year as we were just talking about. So we're starting our investment to get ready for that next year. 
In the second quarter, we were – we had everything running full out and there is nothing sweeter for margins to a 
manufacturing facility when they are running all their equipment at the maximum rates. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: Okay. And then just if I could, just one – just on thinking beyond the third quarter, just right 
now you've got a ramp up as you're building out grocery distribution, I'm assuming there some slotting fees that go 
along with that. Just – even if you've got a rough estimate of how much that's costing you on a gross margin basis 
maybe, because that's type of thing that we'll recur once you finish building out the penetration. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Bryan, this is Fran. We don't breakout slotting, and I think you're 
aware that that tends to – that's booked in net sales. And I think it's not a material number for this company. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: Okay. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: We're fortunate that we have excellent product and we do pay it 
from time to time, but it's not material. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: Okay. All right, great, thank you. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you, Bryan. 

Operator 

Moving on I'll talk question from Tony Brenner with Roth Cap Partners. 

<Q - Anton Brenner>: Thank you. I'd like to clarify two things, if I could. One is that, in fact your total shipments in 
the quarter were up 50%, all right, how was that number affected by the – by the warranty problem and the returns? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, Tony, this is Larry. Those numbers are – do not 
include any brewers that we shipped as replacement to consumers, so it's a clean – it's a clean number. 

<Q - Anton Brenner>: Of course, it does include brewers that will eventually return, right, in other words it's one-time 
sales of those? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, we would have netted out any returns, so that's 
why I'm saying it's clean. So we... 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Or another way to say it, the shipments, Tony, during – this is Fran. 
The shipments that we made during the quarter, if it was to replace a brewer that got returned to a retailer, we do not 
count those in these numbers. 

<Q - Anton Brenner>: What was the Green Mountain product K-Cup shipment increase in the quarter? I guess I'm 
trying to rationalize two numbers here. One is the 67% increase in total K-Cup shipment and the other is the 92% 


increase in what you say is total K-Cup net sales. And I understand that part of that difference is Timothy's, but that 


doesn't explain all of it. 
<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Okay. Tony, this is Fran. In terms of the 92%, that is the increase. 
Let me start over. So that's the – 92% are K-Cup dollars that our company sold to consumers, whether to retailers, 
supermarkets or through the website or to the office coffee channel. So those are all the K-cup sales. 


<Q - Anton Brenner>: So should it increase... 
<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: In dollars. The system-wide K-Cup numbers are the units that were 
sold. So, for example, one can I think assume that, given it's higher, the dollars we are seeing very strong sales, for 
example, in the retail channel and not as such – maybe not very – we're having good sales, but not as high a growth rate 


in, for example, the OCS, the office coffee channel. And we – our company, we sell all the K-Cups of the system to the 
retailers. That's one reason why the 92 higher than the 67% system-wide number. 
<Q - Anton Brenner>: And can you tell us what the Mountain K-Cup shipments were, the increase? 
<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: I'm sorry. Just what was the – I'm sorry, Tony, you got cut off. 
<A - Suzanne DuLong, Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications>: Tony, you broke up. 


Could you repeat the question please? 
<Q - Anton Brenner>: What was the Green Mountain K-Cup sales increase as opposed to the system's 67%? 
<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: We don't break that out. I think part of our – the benefit of our – 


once again our – the 68% total company growth, top line – in the net sales discussion in our press release, we do have a 
couple sentences to help provide disclosure about the Specialty Coffee business unit. And included in the Specialty 
Coffee business unit where they sell a lot of K-Cups is the benefit of this quarter owning Timothy's and I think that was 
as much as 20, maybe 20% or 20 percentage points. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: 21%. 
<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: 21. 
<A>: Dollars basis. 
<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Yes. 
<A>: Not much. 
<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: And that's representative a dollar. So the Specialty Coffee business 


unit now owning Timothy's had substantial growth this quarter with Timothy's being a significant piece of that. 


<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: But Tony, we have for some time and only report 
total system-wide K-Cups. And our estimates that we provide are based on system-wide as well. 
<Q - Anton Brenner>: Thank you. 
<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 
<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you, Tony. 


Operator 

And moving on, we have a question from Bill Chappell with SunTrust. 
<Q - William Chappell, Jr.>: Good afternoon. 
<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hey, Bill. 



<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Hey, Bill. 

<Q - William Chappell, Jr.>: I'm sorry if I'm a little confused on the returns or warranty issue, but you had said kind 
of the quarter came in consistent with the high end of your guidance and the new guidance for the full year is consistent 
with your prior guidance. But have you known that there was this type of charge in the quarter or this type of expense 
in the quarter when you last gave guidance? 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Bill, this is Fran. No, we did not. And I think when this problem 
started to arise, it was really late, kind of the middle of the quarter, middle of this quarter we just reported. And we did 
everything possible to ensure consumers were satisfied. And we – I think we had no idea of that when we provided 
guidance last quarter. And I think we really worked hard to try to manage our costs given we knew this was – we didn't 
know an estimate even when we first became aware of this. We didn't understand at that stage what would the amount 
be for this quarter. And I think we – this amount really took away any upside that we thought we could deliver to the 
Street essentially. 

<Q - William Chappell, Jr.>: Got you. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: As Bryan – this is Larry. As Bryan brought up 
earlier, the gross margin was otherwise higher in the quarter than we had anticipated due to the reasons we cited in 
terms of the manufacturing performance. So through cost management and gross margin improvement, we offset 
obviously a large part of the impact of the brewer quality issue. 

<Q - William Chappell, Jr.>: Okay. And then just also doing the math, it looks like you need to kind of do mid 70s 
K-Cup system-wide growth over the second half to get to your goals. Should that mean, if we look at the second 
quarter, 68% as kind of a low watermark? 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Bill, we just – we don't give specific guidance by Q3 or Q4, but you 
can use your best judgment. As we said, this quarter we believe might have had – some Q1 sales might have been 
somewhat borrowing some of Q2 with gifting. This is sort of a new consumer behavior and we're seeing good strong 
sales in the quarter. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. So, Bill, this Larry. Again, as Fran said, we 
don't provide quarterly estimates, but we are holding our estimate for the year. I will say, third quarter in general tends 
to be a bit softer for us. The fourth quarter is much stronger. And as noted in our comments that we made in our 
prepared remarks, the retailers and grocers and everyone are giving us very strong signals about preparing – increasing 
brewer availability and portion pack availability as we go into next holiday. So we would expect that our fourth quarter 
will be very strong. 

<Q - William Chappell, Jr.>: Okay. And then just one last one. Again, just to follow-up on the third quarter guidance, 
so in the past few years, third quarter gross margins have been pretty similar, if not even a little bit better than second 
quarter. And if you were assuming that the gross margin normalizes because you don't have any carryover for the 
warranty issue, is all that kind of normalization being eaten up by these costs you're talking about, like the 250 basis 
points is being used up by the manufacturing improvements with staffing and what have you? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. This is Larry again. Bill, several aspects – one, 
the investment in manufacturing. I'd also say very significant investment behind brand and innovation in the quarter. As 
again we mentioned, we have a number of new products that are coming to market. And we're also investing in our 
strategic brands. As an example – I'll let TJ talk about what we're doing with the Tully's brands in the East? TJ? 

<A - TJ Whalen>: Sure. Thanks, Larry. Those of you in the East may be aware that we are now bringing Tully's bag 
product as well as K-Cup product to grocery stores in the Northeast and we're supporting that brand with various 
communication efforts. You see some of that in the PowerPoint slides associated with the quarterly results. We're 
excited to introduce consumers to this brand that they may not yet be familiar with here, as we are continuing to push 
Green Mountain Coffee and other brands into new geographies on their own. And all at the same time, as Larry also 
mentioned, fueling our growth through innovation. And in the conference call remarks, you heard about a number of 


exciting new products that we'd be happy to elaborate on. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, Bill, those new products, because a number of 
them are in new categories and particularly the brewed-over-ice beverages, we are investing in increased 
demonstrations in order to help educate the consumer about how to use their Keurig brewer and get more enjoyment 
out of it by brewing over ice. So we are having to – we're proactively trying to help them understand that benefit. 

<Q - William Chappell, Jr.>: Got it. Thanks taking my one-plus question. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks Bill. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, you have not been the only to violate the rules 
thus far. 

Operator 

And moving on, we have a question from Jon Andersen with William Blair. 
<Q - Jon Andersen>: Good afternoon. 
<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hey, Jon. 
<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Hey, Jon. 
<Q - Jon Andersen>: I'll try not to violate here, I just have a question on the <
A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We don't have a traffic cop. That's all right. 
<Q - Jon Andersen>: Yes, I've noticed. The brewer unit shipments and in turn the growth rate in the quarter, does that 


include the units produced or shipped by the license producers to Cuisinart, in this case? 
<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. We are now reporting system-wide brewer 
shipments. And that is what that number represents. We did have Cuisinart begin shipment to customers in the quarter. 
Of course, we've had a long-standing relationship with Breville. The total amount of those third-party brewers are not 
hugely significant in this quarter. But as we have indicated, we're very excited anticipating the continued rollout of the 
Cuisinart branded brewers across more retailers and then the introduction sometime this fall of the Mr. Coffee brewer. 


And we believe that those brewer shipments will become very important. So we did adopt this quarter kind of the new 
procedure of reporting system-wide brewer shipments as we have historically reported system-wide K-Cup shipments. 
<Q - Jon Andersen>: Okay, thanks. I'll get back in the queue. 
<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, thanks for letting me clarify that. 


Operator 

And we'll go and take a question from Greg McKinley with Dougherty & Company. 
<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Yes, thank you. 
<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Greg. 
<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Hi, Greg. 
<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Good afternoon. I wanted to ask you a little bit about, if we're not changing our view for 


K-Cup growth, what's the driver of an increased view for total revenue growth for the year? 



<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Greg, this is Fran. In terms of why we're raising our top line 
guidance, I think now that we have two quarters under our belt, we're confident in raising our sales estimates for the 
year. In our range of K-Cup, we're not changing that this quarter from what we did last quarter. We're maintaining the 
73 to 78%. But I think we're very comfortable with that range. We're confident about it and we're also continuing to be 
very excited about the interest and demand from our customers for the brewers. 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Yes. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: And also on another note, I think also a piece of our revenue, as 
Larry touched upon, are some of our other package types such as bag coffee and the brands and we're putting quite a bit 
of investment and marketing support behind those, whether through demos or other signage you can see in our slides 
that we posted to our website. That gives us further confidence in those other product lines' growth this year. 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Okay. In terms of – I know we just got done discussing seasonality a little bit and you're 
certainly getting very strong indications from retail partners over the big stocking plans for Q4. Can you help us 
understand how weighted then that 73 to 78% K-Cup view is? Should we expect another, call it upper 60s, like what 
you just got done doing in Q3 with a meaningful reacceleration in Q4 as people prepare for the holiday season or how 
should we think about that shaking out? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, this is Larry again. Again, we just don't give 
specifics by quarter on our K-Cup estimates. Again, just to reiterate, we would expect four to be stronger than three for 
the reasons cited. 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Okay. And then just two quick bookkeeping things. What were the royalties earned in the 
quarter and what was sort of the mix of Green Mountain K-Cups versus licensed? 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Greg, this is Fran. In our press release, I think we do call out the 
royalties this quarter. 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: You do? I wasn't able to find it. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Well, you know what, I think maybe I didn't because it wasn't as 
significant. But this quarter, after all the eliminations of inter-company transactions, royalty income was 11.3 million. 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Okay. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: And it was very similar to last year. So there was no – of the 68% 
increase in sales, none of it was derived from any royalty increase. 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Okay. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: And the second question, as to how much of the system-wide 
K-Cups are driven by the SCBU, is that the next question? 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Yes, exactly. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: We don't provide that anymore. But as you can imagine, now that 
we own Tully's and Timothy's, I think we have a significant percentage of that system-wide number. 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Okay. Thank you. And maybe just one last, what were your segment eliminations? Can 
you give us that, so I can get a sense for how that broke out between gross and net sales by segment? 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. For the Specialty Coffee business unit, the inter-company 
eliminations this quarter were – just a minute – 68 million and the Keurig division eliminated 40.9 or let's call it 41 
million. 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Thank you. 


<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Okay. Thanks, Greg. 
<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Greg. 


Operator 

And now we'll take a question from Alton Stump with Longbow Research. 
<Q - Philip Terpolilli>: Hi. This is actually Philip Terpolilli calling for Alton. Good afternoon. 
<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Phil. 
<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Hi, Phil. 
<Q - Philip Terpolilli>: Quick question on Diedrich. I was wondering kind of if you guys saw any material change in 


support behind their K-Cup brands over the last couple of months, during the transaction period given their kind of 


weak performance? Thanks. 
<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Phil, this is Fran. We really don't comment on other independent 
companies and their marketing or sales. 


<Q - Philip Terpolilli>: Okay, I had to try. And just to kind of Wal-Mart too, maybe if you guys could give any more 
color on kind of the Mini you're introducing or its timing or shipments of that? Thanks. 
<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: John, would you like to? 


<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: John? 
<A - John Whoriskey>: Hi. This is John Whoriskey. Yes, so we are in the process actually of shipping Wal-Mart, 
expanding their brewer assortment. So we would expect that to be in place for Mother's Day. So. 


<Q - Philip Terpolilli>: Okay, good. Thank you. 
<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks. 


Operator 

And we'll now take a follow-up from Scott Van Winkle with Canaccord. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: Hi. I want to steal two really easy ones hopefully. What was the 1,100 brewer retailers 
added during the March quarter? I kind of assumed that distribution was relatively full? 

<A - John Whoriskey>: Hi, Scott. This is John. The most significant one is the expansion into Kmart. We had done 
some work over the Christmas season with them and started an expansion there. And also the – some of the offices 
super stores are expanding. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: Okay. And so I missed that? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: John has – he continues to plough away. But I would 
just underscore that with all of our retailers and/or grocers, the whole notion that he referenced, testing, then expanding, 
and then continuing to work with them to refine the programs and then expanding more, whether that's on the brewer 
side and/or the K-Cup portion pack side, and generally both, continues to really be the primary methodology that we 
are using in the marketplace. And Wal-Mart, as he was just talking, another great example where we started with one 
brewer and now we're adding a second brewer. So I think a number of those examples and that's why we're very, very 
excited as we look forward to the holiday quarter. We would expect increase, as I mentioned before, in the breadth of 
brewers and portion packs in most of our retailers and in portion packs certainly in grocers. 


<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: And just to beat the warranty dead horse, there is no lingering cost in the June quarter, and 
was this design or a manufacturing issue? And if the latter, is that cost shared by your manufacturing partner? 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Scott, this is Fran. In terms of the cost in the accounting and if it's 
behind us, we believe the vast majority of the problem and the costs are behind us. And then in terms of what was the 
root cause, I think I'll turn it over to Michelle. 

<A - Michelle Stacy, President, Keurig>: Hi, Scott. This is Michelle. We saw a single component in our brewer that 
did not allow the water to flow properly from a reservoir into the cup, and that is what causes the problem. We have 
solved that through working both with that component as well as some software changes we made to the brewer and 
believe that those changes have solved the problem. And anything that we're negotiating with our manufacturing 
partners is not something we would disclose at this point. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks, Scott. 

Operator 

Thank you very much. Now we have another follow-up from Mitch Pinheiro with Janney Montgomery Scott. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: Yes. Thanks for taking the follow up. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hey, guys, we have been true to our word. We're 
giving you another shot at this. Go ahead. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: Hey, so just some of the investment spending you're doing in the third quarter, marketing 
increase, has there been any change in – any step change or any change in your – in the marketing spend budget that 
you've had? If you could remind us where that was? I recall, it's about a $30 million budget. I don't know if that was a 
holiday season budget or a full year. And then also related to your investment spending, is the staffing increase, is this 
the typical sort of timing of as you plan the manufacturing. So you've always done a pretty good job smoothing that out 
and timing it, but is this something where you just have to bite the bullet and increase at the various facilities to get 
ready for the holiday season? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Mitch, I'm going to ask Scott to speak to your second 
question first and then we'll come back to TJ on the marketing side. Scott? 

<A - Scott McCreary, President, GMCR Specialty Coffee Business Unit>: Hi, Mitch. Yes, this is Scott. I think 
you've called it right, in that we have historically timed our production lines and our hiring quite close to the demand to 
keep our efficiencies high, recognizing what we see coming this fall and the need to hire the magnitude of people that 
we have, get them trained and ready to go. And then we also as part of our total number of new K-Cup lines and the 
nested packaging carting equipment, we have basically a new piece of equipment starting up each week between now 
and the end of our fiscal year and that's requiring significant staffing and training and preparation. And the only way to 
be ready for fall is to make that investment right through Q3. And we don't have quite the volume to support it, so we're 
investing ahead of the volume to be ready. 

<A - TJ Whalen>: Okay. And Mitch, I'd be happy to speak to the marketing question at least on the coffee side of the 
business. So as we went into the year, we imagined initially that we'd be a bit heavier in holiday spend. And as we've 
unpacked our pipeline of innovation, we found a number of opportunities that we wanted to focus on throughout the 
year. As you might recall, we had some exciting holiday limited edition items we introduced. Donut House, we 
introduced and expanded upon Café Escapes. Over the past quarter introduced Revv and Revv Pulse recently, now with 
the new Travel Mug items that we've just introduced and some of the new ice beverage items that include kind of cold 
refreshing iced teas as well as ice coffee offering. We have an exciting agenda to keep our retail partners engaged and 
continuing to expand those shelf sets throughout the course of the year. And so, the marketing spend has moved back a 
little bit to accommodate some of these initiatives that we want to focus on. 


<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks TJ. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: Okay. So just to be clear, so it has – from your original plans, you have increased this to some 
degree to take advantage of this innovation, what you've seen in the market? 

<A - TJ Whalen>: I would say yes. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: Okay. Okay, thank you. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Mitch. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks, Mitch. 

Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer 

We've been on here about an hour and ten minutes. I think we should wrap this up. This is Larry. Been a real pleasure 
again to speak with you about the past quarter and our plans going forward, which we believe are very exciting. As we 
do approach Mother's Day please – and Father's Day, keep in mind that our Keurig brewers and a growing variety of 
K-Cup portion packs make excellent guest for that special someone in your life. We appreciate your interest in GMCR 
and thank you very much for joining us today. 

Operator 

Thank you very much again, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's call. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


