Q1 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Suzanne DuLong, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications 
• Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
• Frances G. Rathke 
• Richard Scott McCreary 
• Michelle Stacy 
• John Whoriskey 
Other Participants 

• William Chappell 
• Mitchell Pinheiro 
• Bryan Spillane 
• Scott Van Winkle 
• Gregory McKinley 
• Tony Brenner 
• Anthony Gikas 
• Mark Astrachan 
• Ryan Sundby 
• Akshay Jagdale 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon, and welcome to Green Mountain Coffee Roasters, Inc. fiscal 2011 first quarter conference call. 
Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to the company's Vice President of Investor 
Relations and Corporate Communications, Suzanne DuLong. Suzanne, please go ahead. 

Suzanne DuLong, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate 
Communications 

Thank you, Erin, welcome everyone. Today's press release is available on our website at www.gmcr.com. As noted in 
the press release announcing today's call we've elected to provide our prepared remarks in advance of this call. These 
remarks were furnished in a Form 8-K along with today's press release and are available on the SEC website at sec.gov, 
as well as in the Events link of the Investor Relations portion of our website at www.gmcr.com. These published 
remarks will not be read on today's call. 

We've adopted this format in an attempt to provide clear and concise information and also to be more efficient with our 
investor and analyst time and with our time together on today's call. 

On today's call our President and CEO Larry Blanford will provide some introductory remarks. Following Larry's 
remarks, we'll open up the call to questions from the outside analysts. Several members of our management team are 
with us today for the Q&A session including Fran Rathke, our CFO, Scott McCreary, President of our Specialty Coffee 


business unit, Michelle Stacy, President of our Keurig business unit, T.J. Whalen, Vice President of Marketing of the 
Specialty Coffee business unit and John Whoriskey, General Manager of the Keurig At Home division. 

Due to time constraints and to ensure we have the opportunity to address everyone's question during the call, we ask 
that you limit yourself to one question. If time permits we will revisit the queue for follow-up questions. 

Finally, I'll remind everyone that certain statements will be made today which are forward-looking within the meaning 
of Securities laws. Owing to the uncertainties of forward-looking statements our actually results may differ materially 
from anything projected in these forward-looking statements. 

We can give no assurance as to the accuracy and we assume no obligation to update them. For further information on 
risks and uncertainties, please read the company's SEC filings and the paragraph in today's press release that begins 
with the words "Certain statements". 

And now I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Larry Blanford. 

Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Thanks, Suzanne. And good evening everyone. As we enter our 30th year in operation, we're pleased to have achieved 
strong growth over the span of three decades. We believe that our success is made possible by our emphasis on the 
synthesis of financial results, sustainable employment, and social responsibility. Our first quarter financial results 
demonstrate continued enthusiastic consumer reception to the Keurig Single-Cup brewing system. 

Net sales for the first quarter of fiscal 2011 increased 67% to $575 million as compared to $345.2 million for the first 
quarter of fiscal 2010. Approximately 91% of consolidated net sales in the first quarter were from the Keurig brewing 
system and its recurring K-Cup portion pack revenue including Keurig related accessory sales and royalties from 
third-party licensed roasters. 

For the first time ever, during the month of December, NPD Group a leading global provider of consumer and retail 
market research information ranked Keurig as the top-selling coffeemaker brand based on both dollar sales at 49.1% 
and unit sales at 29.4% of all coffeemakers sold in the quarter. 

We believe our efforts to build brewer-related inventory earlier than in prior years in preparation for the holiday season 
paid off as we saw fewer out of stocks on retailer sales during peak buying periods. We exited the season with what we 
believe is appropriate brewer inventory to restock shelves post-holiday. 

GMCR's non-GAAP earnings per diluted share increased 62% to $0.18 in the first quarter in fiscal 2011 from $0.11 in 
the first quarter of fiscal 2010. I'd point out that our first quarter results include Van Houtte for one week. The 
acquisition of Van Houtte reduced our non-GAAP earnings per share in the quarter by about $0.01 per share. 

While we were pleased to improve our non-GAAP operating income by 67% from the first quarter of 2010 to the first 
quarter of 2011, our earnings were impacted by a lower than anticipated gross margin in the quarter. Our first quarter 
2011 gross margin was 25.1% of total net sales compared to 27.7% for the corresponding quarter in fiscal 2010. 

Historically, our first quarter gross margin marks the low point for the year as we tend to see seasonally strong lower 
margin brewer sales. While we did have seasonally strong brewer sales in the first quarter of 2011, the quarter's gross 
margin was adversely impacted primarily by higher than anticipated brewer warranty expense and to a lesser extent by 
brewer sales returns in the quarter and higher coffee costs. 

These adverse effects were partially offset by the price increase on K-Cup portion packs beginning October 11, 2010. 
We estimate the increase in warranty expense reduced the fiscal 2011 first quarter's gross margin by approximately 230 
basis points as compared to last year's first quarter gross margin. 

A few comments on warranty expense and quality assurance; during fiscal 2010 we experienced a warranty expense 
rate above the rate of prior years as a result of an early-stage performance issue identified and remedied in early 


calendar 2010. The out-of-box performance of our brewers over the last 12 months has improved as a result, and we 
have seen a lower sales return rate in Q1 compared to Q4. 

Recently, we have experienced higher than anticipated warranty claims associated with our reservoir brewer models. 
Our analysis of these claims led to the diagnosis of a later stage performance issue caused by a component that is not 
performing up to our quality standards. There's no safety concern and we're not seeing consistent rates of occurrence 
across all models. We believe we have remedied the issue with units we are now producing. 

To ensure we continue to deliver the superior quality consumers have come to expect from the Keurig brand, we 
continue to embrace new quality assurance processes. In the meantime, our customer service team is handling any 
consumer warranty claims as they occur, with the goal of providing an extraordinary customer experience. We're 
pleased that based on our most recent survey data consumer satisfaction remains high and consumers strongly 
recommend Keurig to family and friends. 

On a positive note, we are also pleased to see brand awareness increasing nationwide as we believe awareness can be a 
predictor of brewer adoption. We recently completed our annual awareness survey measuring Keurig brand awareness 
both before and after our holiday advertising and promotional activity. This activity included our own nationwide 
advertising and promotion as well as advertising by our licensed brewer partners and Folgers Gourmet Selections 
brand. 

The awareness study conducted on our behalf by an independent research firm shows unaided awareness of the Keurig 
brand in the U.S. rose from 24% to 34% from October 2010 to January 2011. Over the same time period, aided 
awareness of the Keurig brand increased from 47% to 61%. 

Now let me speak to a topic likely in everyone's mind. Like others in the industry, we've been closely watching and 
reacting to rising coffee prices. We generally fix the price of our coffee contracts three to nine months prior to delivery 
so we can adjust our sales prices to the marketplace. 

For our remaining three fiscal quarters of fiscal year 2011, we estimate that we have locked in six months coverage at 
fixed prices. We will continue to monitor overall commodity cost. And as we have historically, we will adjust our 
pricing as necessary. 

Turning to our business value drivers and enabling initiatives, which are summarized in our published prepared 
remarks, there are three items I want to address directly. First, on increasing portion pack consumption, I continue to be 
personally excited by the results of new beverage introductions. While currently in limited distribution, we are 
experiencing encouraging consumer feedback on two newly introduced products which leverage the unique qualities of 
the Keurig brewing system. 

Green Mountain Naturals, using only natural ingredients, is expanding the opportunity for consumers to easily enjoy 
brewed hot apple cider. Barista Prima Coffeehouse leverages our K-Cup portion pack technology to deliver a very rich 
cup of medium or more darkly roasted coffee. Both products continue to expand the range of consumer choice and 
create excitement about the system for Keurig users. 

Second, following the close of our acquisition of Van Houtte, our respective teams have met and begun the integration 
process. I am very excited about what I see and about the future of our combined organization. 

Thirdly, a brief comment about our growing relationship with Lavazza; as indicated in our press release today, we are 
pleased to have completed a commercial agreement with Lavazza on schedule. We believe that together, we will be 
able to leverage Lavazza's espresso technology and expertise and Keurig's brand positioning and distribution capability 
in North America. 

In closing, we are generally very pleased with the results of our first quarter, and we're excited about our prospects in 
2011. Over the last two years, the combination of strong consumer adoption of the Keurig brewing system and our 
acquisitions has enabled us to substantially reshape GMCR. 


We believe we've built a stronger company with the ability to deliver improved shareholder value and value for other 
constituencies important to the company's success. And we are not done. While we acknowledge we must be 
particularly attentive to quality as we grow, our expected fiscal 2011 capital expenditures signal our excitement about 
the future. 

As we discussed last quarter, the majority of our anticipated 2011 CapEx is related to capacity required to support 
growing demand for K-Cup portion packs. In addition, we are building new capacity in support of beginning a national 
rollout of Barista Prima, our recently introduced super premium coffee brand. As I mentioned previously, Barista Prima 
utilizes new technology which enables us to put more coffee in the K-Cup portion pack. 

We also are investing CapEx to support plant expansion and pilot equipment for new portion packs to be introduced for 
a next-generation brewer platform currently in development. Of note, we expect these new portion packs to utilize 
patented intellectual property that expires in 2021. The timing of introduction of the new brewer platform and 
accompanying portion packs will be determined pending extensive consumer testing. We're very excited about this 
news and we look forward to providing expanded consumer choice and variety with new beverages and this new 
brewing platform. 

With that, we'll open the call to questions from the sell side analysts. As Suzanne stated in the introduction we ask that 
you limit yourself to one question. If time permits we'll revisit the queue for follow-up questions. 

Operator, will you open the question queue? 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Bill Chappell with SunTrust. 

<Q - William Chappell>: Good afternoon. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Good afternoon, Bill. 

<Q - William Chappell>: Just want to dig into the warranty issue and I don't want to take away from a perfectly good 
quarter, but I think this is about the third or fourth quarter in a row where we've said the warranty issue is now behind 
us. We don't expect any further charges and then it keeps cropping back up the next quarter. 

And I'm just trying to understand, I mean, can we say that again going forward and maybe in your guidance are you 
assuming that warranty expense does actually come down and gross margin recovers? Or are you assuming the same 
kind of level that we saw in this quarter? 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Bill, this is Fran. In terms of – I'm going to answer the latter part of that question, in terms 
of our guidance and our estimates that we provided today we have factored into our estimates similar rates we're 
experiencing now going forward. And as we continue to monitor our experience levels and factors affecting brewer 
warranties we'll modify the rates going forward. And they may go up or down. 

Relative to the first part of your comments in terms of the last few quarters in a row, I think, one thing I just want to 
highlight is last year fiscal '10 starting in our fiscal Q2 we had a very different type of issue with primarily the B70 
issue where it manifests itself very quickly, so the consumer would buy the brewer and within a week or two after using 
it, there was an issue with the component. And we primarily saw consumers taking those brewers back to the retailer, 
so we experienced last year much higher sales returns. 

We then in Q2 worked on remedying that, working with our customers as well as our retailers, had – as you know in 
Q2 we had a large sales return – increase in our sales return reserve as well as partially a higher warranty rate as well. 
That also continued into Q3, and then we believed we had remedied that situation and we have seen that issue really go 
away. 


What has happened last quarter and now much more predominantly this quarter we're seeing is what we're calling a 
later stage issue with the family of reservoir brewer where months and months later after they own the brewer, there's 
not in a consistent way but in some of the brewers they are having some issues we believe tied to a component. And 
then what they are doing is calling our Customer Care Departments, whether at Keurig primarily or up at Green 
Mountain. 

And we're essentially replacing these brewers as the consumers call in. And we've done a ton of work we can elaborate 
on to change the component we believe is the issue starting production this – or the month of January, 2011. So the 
brewers that are out – that have been sold for the last couple quarters are still out there so we've taken appropriate 
levels of provision to our reserve this quarter to ensure that we have appropriate levels of warranty reserve to ensure 
we're covered going forward. 

<Q - William Chappell>: And just to be clear, at some point a quarter or two quarters or three quarters from now, 
gross margin should get back to normal levels assuming that the issue is fixed. It's is not a permanent impairment to 
your margins. 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: I would say that's correct. We believe that we've got to appropriately provide for the 
reserve as we're selling brewers that we think have potentially this issue at the rates we're seeing. And we believe we've 
made a lot of improvements recently that the brewers being sold will not have that. But obviously from an accounting 
standpoint we have to ensure we see that history in the data before we would monitor or change the rate downward. 

<Q - William Chappell>: Got it. Well, I'll turn it over to somebody else. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Thanks, Bill. 

Operator 

We will go next to Mitch Pinheiro with Janney Capital Markets. 

<Q - Mitchell Pinheiro>: Hey, good afternoon. 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Hi, Mitch. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Hey, Mitch. 

<Q - Mitchell Pinheiro>: With just one question to play with, I do want to get a little more color if possible, Larry on 
the new brewer platform, with the patents expiring into '21. Is this related number one to the Lavazza development 
agreement? And number two; is this something that would be a holiday 2011 event; and if you could explain maybe a 
little bit more about how it's different from the current systems? 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Yes, thanks, Mitch. First of all, the 
particular platform that I'm referencing is not directly related to the Lavazza agreement. That Lavazza agreement is a 
separate product development effort and we're excited about that, as I indicated. 

In terms of timing, as I mentioned, we're not yet ready to talk about timing. We are moving forward with investment in 
pilot equipment and we'll be in a position shortly to be testing this brewer platform and its concomitant portion packs 
with consumers. But we want to go through extensive testing before we would commit to a date. But we are very, very 
excited about the technology. And about the benefits that it can provide the consumer. And we'll certainly give you 
more information as we go along. 

<Q - Mitchell Pinheiro>: Is this new platform, does it take the older K-Cup's, or would it require you guys to expand 
SKUs to support a new system? 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: This does utilize new technology, 
new portion packs, under the patented technology that I referenced that expires in 2021, and would be a separate 
system. 


<Q - Mitchell Pinheiro>: Okay. I'll queue it back up. Thank you. 

Operator 

And we will move now to Bryan Spillane with Bank of America 
<Q - Bryan Spillane>: Hi. Good evening. Just related to the guidance, amortization – I think previously you were 


expecting $0.09 of amortization that you were excluding from the previous guidance. How much is the amortization 
now? 
<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Bryan, this is Fran. In terms of fiscal '11... 
<Q - Bryan Spillane>: Correct. 
<A - Frances G. Rathke>: We bought Van Houtte essentially at the end of the last quarter so for three quarters and 


we're using our preliminary evaluation work that's been done for Van Houtte. We had Van Houtte adding incrementally 
or total amortization of approximately $0.18 for FY'11. 
<Q - Bryan Spillane>: $0.18? Okay. 
<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Correct. Compared to $0.07 in fiscal '10. 
<Q - Bryan Spillane>: Okay. Okay, and then it should be pretty even per quarter. 


<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Yes. 
<Q - Bryan Spillane>: Okay. And then just to follow-up on Bill Chappell's question earlier about the warranty 
expense. The current guidance that you provided makes some accommodation for higher warranty expenses I'm 
assuming. 


<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Bryan, it's Fran again. What our estimates provide is similar rates of what we've 


experienced in this past quarter. 
<Q - Bryan Spillane>: In this past quarter. And that was higher than when you were anticipating, when you originally 
set guidance for the year? 


<A - Frances G. Rathke>: I would say, yes. We – this started manifesting itself very recently; like in the last few 
weeks or so. So I think yes, it is higher. And I think one thing to note is the sales return, what we are seeing on the sales 
return side is that rate actually coming down a bit from both Q4 of fiscal '10 as well as what we saw last year. So I 
think that's been a positive somewhat offsetting a negative, if you will on the warranty side. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: Okay. And then if I could just sneak one more in relative to the guidance, just the increase in 
your sales guidance for fiscal '11, is that all just adding Van Houtte or has there been any change to your underlying 
sales growth expectations? 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: This is Fran again, Bryan. I would say the lion's share of the increase in sales is solely due 
to the Van Houtte acquisition. 
<Q - Bryan Spillane>: Okay, great. Thank you. 
<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Okay. 
<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Thanks, Bryan. 


Operator 


Next we will hear from Scott Van Winkle with Canaccord Genuity. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: Hi. Good evening, everyone. 

<A>: Hey, Scott. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: You know, Larry, trying to pick one of these questions to ask that I have written down, I'm 
undoubtedly going to get buyer's remorse after I do it. But can we look at the capital expenditure's approaching $300 
million this year including Van Houtte, two pieces to this: one is what percentage of that CapEx is related to the 
existing technology of brewers? And second, what does that CapEx spend do to your capacity for K-Cups and roasting 
on a percentage basis if you have it? 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: You take the first piece and I will 
take the second. 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Hey, Scott, it is Fran. In terms of the first part of your question over 70% of the CapEx is 
driven by adding capacity for portion packs. We've added $30 million to our estimate for fiscal '11 CapEx due to the 
acquisition of Van Houtte. They too, that new business unit also has too, a large chunk of their CapEx is really K-Cup 
lines. And I'll turn it over to Larry or Scott, if you want to answer. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Yes, Scott, obviously on the CapEx 
that we're spending in support of Barista Prima that – those packaging lines are different because it utilizes the 
advanced K-Cup portion pack, now that portion pack of course does work on the installed base of all K-Cup brewers, 
but the packaging lines are different. 

And we are installing a number of those throughout the year in order to support the introduction of Barista Prima on a 
national basis as I referenced. Good news is too that that equipment can go both ways, so while it is unique to produce 
the advanced portion pack it can also produce the current portion pack. 

Scott, do you want to add anything to our overall capacity? 

<A - Richard Scott McCreary>: We should just clarify a little bit there. The Barista Prima is still part of the K-Cup 
portion pack. And there's new technology that we're implementing as part of that, which allows us to get the higher 
levels of coffee and get those coffeehouse flavor profiles that people love. 

The new separate technology that you referenced is still in these early stages, but it is part of our capital and we aren't 
disclosing specifically the investment that we're making there. But that's part of the investment that we wanted to let 
you folks know about that we're preparing for. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: As far as a magnitude of the increased capacity after a year of a very heavy spend; there is 
no direction that you can provide? Is it increased a quarter? I guess what I wonder do you go from a position where you 
might have been a little short on capacity as we've seen with your spot outages of portion packs to a position where 
maybe you're six, 12 months ahead of capacity? 

<A - Richard Scott McCreary>: We definitely have accelerated our capacity investment. And we are putting a very 
clear focus on our preparation for the fall of 2011, our first fiscal quarter of 2012, to make sure that we have ample 
capacity to meet the growing needs of the system. So yes, we – I don't know if I would say it's six to 12 months in 
advance, but we are investing ahead of demand at a better rate than we did this past year. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Yes, Scott, this is Larry. I would say 
in the first quarter and so far in our second quarter of our fiscal we are definitely being stretched. We're setting 
production records it seems pretty frequently at individual plants and in total, but demand is definitely stretching our 
ability to supply. And we've not quite caught up with that demand curve yet. We are hoping to build a little bit of 
cushion going forward, supply versus demand. But Scott McCreary has, it's all he can handle here to get us ready for 
next fall. We've got a number of lines we have to install to get ready. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: Great. Thank you. 


<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

Greg McKinley from Dougherty has our next question. 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Yes, thank you. I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about the sensitivity in your 
earnings outlook to changes in of course your green coffee input, which has changed rather dramatically even since you 
recently spoke with us. Can you share with us what type of cost assumptions you are currently considering in that 
earnings view? 

And then again, on the warranty and reserve – return reserve side, have you trued up the accrual to where you think it 
needs to be for brewers already sold and now we're just provisioning at a higher rate for future sales or do you find 
yourselves having to revisit the accrual that was assessed for previous sales? 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Greg, this is Fran. In terms of the, on the coffee side, the green coffee as Larry noted in his 
remarks, we generally fix the price of our coffee contracts three to nine months prior to delivery. And at this stage 
where we are for the remaining three fiscal quarters, we estimate that we've got essentially six months coverage at fixed 
prices. 

As we are all well aware, we definitely continue to see the coffee cost rising a bit. And we don't believe in a long-term 
these are sustainable, but it is something we are constantly monitoring. And if they continue to go up post the period 
that we're anticipating where we are not locked, we obviously or as we said, we are going to be looking at pricing 
actions. 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Okay. 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: The second part of your question pertaining to the establishment of our warranty reserve 
and the sales return reserve; as we do every quarter we work extensively for example on the warranty side with the 
quality assurance team especially down at Keurig, for example on the brewers, looking at data, trends, based on 
production lots as well as the types of reasons that people are calling in for issues. 

There's a lot of work where we trend out and look at the pattern and the latency if you will, of what is expected by 
production lot for various brewer models. So we every single quarter do – we believe our best job to estimate every 
brewer we have sold, what is the likelihood of having any kind of warranty claim. So that is – we do have – there is 
estimates in there. 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Yes. 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: And especially with what we found on this issue, for example, as we said just in the last 
few weeks, it is a late, later stage latency that's showing up, that didn't manifest itself in earlier sales data. So we are 
essentially providing to this quarter's reserve a fairly significant increase. But at this point that's the data we are seeing. 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Yes, thank you. And then in terms of if you add up the commodity impact and some of 
these reserve impacts, has it had any influence on the way you're looking at expense control generally in the business? 
Or has it not – do you not feel like it is warranted a revisiting that at this point? 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Greg, this is Fran. In terms of expense control, one of the things that when we're just 
analyzing this quarter, for example I think we've done a good job on really paying attention to our SG&A leverage. 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Yes. 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: We historically, I think have done a pretty good job there in terms of our whole focus has 
been to drive our operating margin growth and a lot of that's come from SG&A leverage. We are growing quickly here 
at times. Even though we plan on hiring or plan on spending certain things, frankly, we don't necessarily end up 


spending exactly or hiring at the same time as our budget. So I think some of that helped this quarter, for example on 
the SG&A leverage. 

But we definitely, I think we're committed as a management team to do our best job to achieve our estimates and work 
on, make the right decisions for the business. So we are obviously concerned about where coffee has been heading. So 
we have been looking at different things, especially pricing actions, as we've said monitor that in the future for the 
business. 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go now to Tony Brenner with Roth Capital Partners. 

<Q - Tony Brenner>: Thank you. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Hey, Tony. 

<Q - Tony Brenner>: Good afternoon. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Good afternoon. 

<Q - Tony Brenner>: I do have a question, but first I wonder if I could try to un-confuse myself since I got a little 
dizzy when you were talking about your new platform and what it would do and what it wouldn't do. For someone who 
currently has a Keurig brewer when all these new products are launched other than espresso drinks, what will you not 
be able to make on a current Keurig brewer? 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: What would you not be able to 
make on a Keurig brewer? Well, let me – that's kind of a tough one. We continue – let me say this, as we're thinking 
about the future and the new platform, we're envisioning that the new platform would exist for some time with our 
current platform. We continue to drive new beverage development for our existing platform as we pointed out the 
Green Mountain Naturals Hot Apple Cider, Barista Prima and other beverages last spring introducing Brewed Over Ice 
coffee and some new flavors of Brewed Over Iced Tea. 

So we're going to continue to develop new beverages using additional technology for the existing platform. The new 
platform will offer some additional advantages that for the consumers, some additional benefits, possibly a bit wider 
array of beverages. But we're not really prepared to talk about that at this point, Tony. We will have a product 
unveiling, but we're not ready yet. 

<Q - Tony Brenner>: Fair enough. The question I wanted to ask was why have you not added one or more additional 
brewer suppliers? You've got one outside supplier, I believe in China that provides 100% of your brewers. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: That's a good question. I'm going to 
have Michelle Stacy address it. We are working on that. Michelle, do you want to give Tony and others some insight? 

<A - Michelle Stacy>: Absolutely. One of the things we did a very extensive search when we selected our current 
brewer supplier. And our current brewer supplier has been doing an excellent job expanding against our business. And 
they have three separate plants in which they manufacture our brewers and those are geographically dispersed and 
within each manufacturing facility we are in multiple buildings. 

So we have felt that they have been an excellent partner to us, that they've been expanding rapidly to meet our growth 
and that they have really been able to mitigate risk by being in three separate facilities. The issues that we have had on 
the quality side have been related to components that go into our brewers and as such we have been really stepping up 
the overall quality requirements we have of our componentry and we've been putting in place numerous other quality 
procedures to ensure the short and long-term high quality of our brewers. 


<Q - Tony Brenner>: So the answer is you don't have any plans to add additional suppliers. 

<A - Michelle Stacy>: So I think the other piece that we are actively looking at is, as we continue to scale and grow the 
business, we will of course, continue to evaluate whether there are other suppliers we'd like to add into our supply 
chain. And so we are always actively evaluating alternate suppliers. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: I will also add. Tony, I'd also add 
that we also are I think going to benefit as we go down the road from our licensed brewer manufacturers. I particularly, 
Jarden has extensive manufacturing experience. And with some other suppliers and we certainly have had an 
opportunity to evaluate some of those. So I'm fairly confident that as we go down the road, although Simatelex has 
been a great partner, will continue to be a great partner going forward, that we will expand our supplier base in the next 
24 or 36 months. 

<Q - Tony Brenner>: These components at fault are purchased from another outside supplier I presume. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Yes. They are a supplier to 
Simatelex, and that's; and we are all over that right now. 

<Q - Tony Brenner>: Okay. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: And I would just say too, the 
engineering team, it's the number one priority of the entire engineering team at Keurig, number one meaning reliability. 
And certainly we've had a couple of issues as we've talked about early last year and now again this year, different 
problems. These folks are working very, very, very hard. I will say this, we've learned a lot and I'm confident that we 
are taking advantage of that learning. 

Just to put this in perspective, as we've said before, we believe we're in the very early innings of this tremendous 
opportunity to change the way consumers brew and enjoy their coffee. And to the extent that we are right that we are in 
the early innings, we are going to be producing millions and millions of brewers going forward; more than we've 
produced life to date. And so while painful here it is still early on in the scheme of things as at least we view the world. 

And I feel very confident that the learning that we're getting we will leverage in improved design and quality control 
procedures for the future. So as I look forward I'm optimistic, even though we've got here a few quarters again to ride 
through this particular problem, this late stage problem that we've been talking about. 

<Q - Tony Brenner>: Very good. Thank you. 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Thanks Tony. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: 

Operator 

And we will move on to Mark Astrachan with Stifel Nicolaus. 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Hi, Mark. 

<A - Suzanne DuLong, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications>: Mark? 

Operator 

And it looks like Mark has stepped out of the queue. We'll go now to Tony Gikas with Piper Jaffray. 

<Q - Anthony Gikas>: Hey, thanks. Good afternoon, guys. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Hi, Tony. 


<Q - Anthony Gikas>: Just one quick – one quick housekeeping Fran, can you give us an update on interest expense 
for the year with the new debt? And then my primary question is just a follow-up on the new platform. Is it possible 
that the current systems could use a new K-Cup technology, but the new systems cannot use the old K-Cup technology 
and then ultimately you'd phase out the current systems? I mean, is that directionally the path that you're on here? And 
thus protecting the intellectual properties going forward. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Fran, do you want to take the first 
one? I'll take the second. 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Sure. Tony, this is Fran. In terms of interest expense, we – I would use a rate of 
approximately 6% to 6.5% and I think for the year and we're in the range of about $60 million to $65 million. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: And then on the second question, 
those were interesting hypotheticals that you posed. I think what we would prefer to do is not respond to those 
hypotheticals at this point. 

<Q - Anthony Gikas>: Okay. Then, if I could – alternate question then, what – as far as the warranties and returns, 
what's the number of brewers that's actually impacted by this? Thanks. 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: This is Fran. In terms of the number, I don't – we don't report that out. Rather and a lot of 
the warranty expense or the provision to fund the reserve is really an estimate based on what we believe we've sold to 
date that will come back in for warranty. 

If you do want to see some analytics, you could review, for example, and we're filing our Q tomorrow, we have a 
footnote for warranty and it does a roll forward. And it shows you the amount of the provision, that's the non-cash 
charge and then it shows what's been used or what's been provided to consumers. So I think that would help look at the 
number of units, if you will. Or look at the dollars and divide by some average selling price for brewers to give you a 
sense. 

<Q - Anthony Gikas>: Okay. Thank you, great job. 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Okay. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: All right. Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll return now to Mark Astrachan with Stifel, Nicolaus. 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Hi, Mark. 

<Q - Mark Astrachan>: All right. Can you guys hear me now? 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Yes. Hi, Mark. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Yes, Mark. You're coming through 
loud and clear now. 

<Q - Mark Astrachan>: Great. One follow-up and then one question. And the previous person may have asked this, I 
just heard the last part of it. Does the new K-Cup technology you're talking about protect or in any way impact the 2012 
patents? 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: It is a separate technology and 
separate system with its own intellectual property and patent. So it doesn't directly pertain to the 2012 patent that 
covers the K-Cup portion pack that you're referring to. 


We do believe that there's a real opportunity going forward for both systems in the marketplace. And it will help us to 
leverage our beverage development. As we would bring beverages forward, in many cases will be able to use – to be 
made on either system. Although, we think that there's some additional capabilities that the new system will offer as I 
mentioned that we'll be revealing as we go forward. 

<Q - Mark Astrachan>: Okay. Great. And then could you just give us an update on financials for Van Houtte, and 
comment on just the underlying legacy business since it seems like you're not raising the sales growth expectations in 
spite of the fiscal first quarter amounts that I think exceeded expectations from a sales standpoint? And then just 
somewhat related to that could you walk through how you get to your fiscal 2Q guidance given what you've said about 
dilution from Van Houtte? 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Mark, this is Fran. In terms of this quarter, we were essentially – we were very pleased 
with the strong sales. It was in line with our previous guidance, the 67% growth rate if we subtract out the one week of 
Van Houtte sales and subtract out the royalties on a consolidated basis that we eliminated due to Keurig recognizing 
that and then eliminating it. Bottom line is Van Houtte added about 2.8% to the growth rate. So if you back out the 
67%, we're right in line with the range. We had given 55% to 65% on our legacy business pre-Van Houtte, so we came 
in a bit at the higher end, and we were very pleased with that. 

In terms of the guidance, so I don't know if you have another question on Q1, but in terms of... 

<Q - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: I think it was about the Van Houtte 
dilution in Q1. 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Yes, okay. So the Van Houtte dilution, I believe Mark, so the dilution on Van Houtte this 
quarter of $0.01 a share was essentially due to the fact that when we bought them you have to mark up the inventory to 
fair market value. So for this one week and then a little bit into Q2, but not for very long, you have to basically put into 

– roll that markup into your cost of goods sold, so you essentially don't have a normal margin. On – that Van Houtte 
will then deliver once we sell-through that acquired inventory. 
So this quarter as we said Van Houtte hit the P&L on a non-GAAP basis by $0.01 a share. And then going forward, we 
believe Van Houtte as we said is going to be neutral to slightly dilutive. I think we are feeling more to the neutral side 
at this point for the first 12 months. 

Operator 

Thank you. We'll now go to Jon Andersen with William Blair. 

<Q - Ryan Sundby>: Yes, hi. Good evening, everyone. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Hey, Jon. 

<Q - Ryan Sundby>: Hey, it's actually Ryan sitting in for Jon. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Sorry. 

<Q - Ryan Sundby>: Staying with Van Houtte, I was just wondering if you could give us an update on where you are 
in regards to the strategic review of the U.S. Coffee Services business. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Yes, I can. This is Larry. So as we 
had indicated early on, we expected to and still expect to sell the U.S. Coffee Services business. We have been pursuing 
that and are putting together our plans for an appropriate process. We haven't quite pulled the trigger yet, but we're 
getting close. We have had a number of interested parties come forward and raise their hand expressing interest, which 
is very exciting. And I think that we will get this moving pretty quickly and would hope that it will be a pretty 
expedited process. We certainly are looking to the future as well and would like to put it in the hands of somebody that 
we can continue to partner with. But I'm very encouraged by that. 


I'll also just take a moment to talk about the rest of Van Houtte. As I mentioned in my comments, we are meeting with 
management there. We've had a number of cross-business unit enterprise meetings and I'm very excited about the 
professionalism of everyone, and a lot of ideas coming forward for how to best leverage our new assets. I would 
certainly say in the Canadian market, we are very excited about that marketplace. And our mission there is to achieve 
the same level of success in Canada with our single-serve systems as we enjoy in the United States. And I believe we 
have the management team, the brand assets, and physical plant to achieve our aims. 

<Q - Ryan Sundby>: Okay. And then I guess just switching gears here, Larry, looking forward, how would you 
handicap the likelihood of adding a new licensing partner over the next 12 months? 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: I don't know that I will handicap 
that per se. But as we've said before, we are always evaluating our partners, both on the brewer side and on I will say 
the beverage side more broadly than just coffee. We have indicated before that certainly to the extent that we would 
bring on any new partner, we want to make certain that that partner is going to leverage their assets, be they brand 
assets or distribution assets or advertising assets that will help us expand consumer choice and ideally expand adoption 
of the system. And those are very important criteria. And we continue to utilize those criteria as we evaluate possible 
partners. But I wouldn't want to handicap any particular percentage with respect to bringing on any additional partners, 
but it could happen. We'll see. 

<Q - Ryan Sundby>: Got it, thanks for taking my questions. 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Thanks. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: No, thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go now to Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 

<Q - Akshay Jagdale>: Good evening. Thanks for taking the question. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Hi, Akshay. 

<Q - Akshay Jagdale>: Hi. I'm doing the math a little bit back of the envelope on all the guidance that you've given 
post-Van Houtte. And it still seems like you're guiding to major margin expansion, somewhere in the 230 basis points 
range, which is what everyone was expecting, but we didn't see this quarter. So in light – first, if you can correct me if 
I'm wrong, that would be great. And in light of that, I also wanted to know what is it exactly you're modeling in terms 
of coffee cost, the net impact? It wasn't clear from the last earnings call as to exactly, based on your hedges, et cetera, 
what the exact impact is net of pricing. 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: This is Fran. In terms of our overall margin, I think as we've said, we anticipate this year on 
the operating income line to show improved operating margin. I think we do anticipate relative to fiscal '10 as we close 
out fiscal '11 that we will see gross margin improvement. We did not see that this quarter. As we noted, most of that 
was ascribed to the higher warranty expense. 

I think in terms of going forward, we do have factored into our estimate the similar rates we're seeing for warranty. 
We're anticipating a better rate or a consistent rate. We're seeing better rates right now in sales returns. 

And then I think in terms of margin enhancement, we do believe that with the acquisition of Van Houtte and also 
various channel growth that we're seeing that we will see some margin improvement, gross margin. And we continue to 
show some SG&A, I would say consistent range that we had in '10. So I think in terms of our profit improvement on 
the operating income line this year it's going to come more from the gross margin side. 

The second question was on I think coffee cost. What exactly have we put in? I don't think we're really – what we are 
conveying is we have factored in our estimates what we've locked in, in terms of the going forward six-month coverage 


at fixed prices. And we did take a price increase that went into effect starting in October. We do have that helping in 
terms of offse5 the higher coffee cost and we are monitoring, the coffee has run up even farther than we saw in the fall 
period. And we'll be monitoring that and taking, if we need to, price actions. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: This is Larry. Just to emphasize, we 
have here a pretty good track record so far of taking price actions as necessary with input costs, be it from coffee or 
other materials back in May of '08, again this fall, and we are just fully realizing that price increase as we speak. We'd 
prefer that green coffee was not rising. I think that there are a number of us that feel that there is some speculation and 
it will not be sustainable. However, we'll do what we need to do. And if it continues to stay up or rise, we will take 
appropriate pricing action. And I think we are – again, we've got a track record of being able to successfully do that. 

<Q - Akshay Jagdale>: Just one follow-up, I get what you're saying on the gross margin side. Just one clarification; so 
sequentially if we thought of it that way, you've said that you're modeling for the return issue to be a similar percentage 
of sales going forward until things change. So sequentially that impact wouldn't change. So in theory, the only thing 
that would change sequentially I'm guessing that's going to drive gross margin expansion is going to be the percentage 
of sales coming from K-Cups relative to the percentage of sales coming from brewers. Is that correct? Is that going to 
be the main driver of gross margin expansion now going forward? 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: this is Fran. Yes, we do have a very seasonal business. Q1, as you can see for the last few 
years, our first quarter gross margin and operating income margin and EPS frankly is significantly lower than what you 
see. Q2, we come out of the gate. A lot of K-Cups are sold in that quarter relative to the mix of sales. That continues in 
Q3. We start selling more brewers in Q4 getting ready for the holiday; and clearly, Q1, very strong brewer sales for the 
holiday season. And then in addition, that's typically when we're also seeing on the sales and marketing side essentially 
our marketing and brand spend for the brewer and the system. 

So I think another thing is Van Houtte as a business is a well diversified coffee roaster and manufacturer. And they sell 
to a host of channels with a DSB [Donut Shop Blend] platform, especially up in Canada. I think their margins at the 
gross margin level are very strong. So I think that also is helping in terms of the go-forward margin enhancement. 

<Q - Akshay Jagdale>: Thank you. I'll pass it on. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Thank you. 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Thanks. 

Operator 

And we'll take a follow-up question from Mitch Pinheiro at Janney Capital Markets. 

<Q - Mitchell Pinheiro>: Yes. Hey, thanks for taking the follow up, just a couple added in. So as you're investing 
ahead of demand for K-Cup packaging, that's obviously with the extra depreciation and staffing expense, that's a drag 
on gross margin. How much, can you quantify what that would be in fiscal '11? 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Mitch, this is Fran. I would say it's not a material drag in terms of overall cost per K-Cup or 
margin. I think a lot of the CapEx is we have to buy, as you know, a lot of the CapEx is essentially nine months ahead 
of time, so we're not turning it on per se. But we're spending the CapEx dollars. 

<Q - Mitchell Pinheiro>: Okay. 

<A - Richard Scott McCreary>: Hi, Mitch, this is Scott McCreary. While we are preparing ahead of time, as Fran 
says, with these nine-month lead times, essentially we're phasing them every month in terms of arrival. And we're able 
to accelerate it and slow it down so that it's coming in ahead of time, giving us a chance to shake down the equipment, 
and making sure everything is ready to go ahead of the demand. 


The other benefit for us is that we're continuing to buy improved technology machines and higher speed machines so 
that's also benefiting us from a gross margin standpoint because we are getting more efficient and a higher percentage 
of newer technology, more efficient machines in our network of plants. 

<Q - Mitchell Pinheiro>: Okay, that's helpful. The 89% K-Cup sales growth, there is obviously some pricing there. If 
you back away maybe 4% or 5% of pricing, does that imply that units were up in the mid-80s? Is that fair? 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: This is Fran. In terms of that 4%, by the way, that's on consolidated sales. So it is not just 
K-Cup sales. 

<Q - Mitchell Pinheiro>: Right. 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: I just wanted to make that point. In terms of overall K-Cup sales, that 80% or so if you 
back down, that four turns into probably into an eight with the price increase relative to just K-Cup sales dollars that 
we've recorded this quarter. I think getting to an 80% is still too high. We've acquired – we're still anniversarying – 
we've got Timothy's half a quarter, a full quarter of Diedrich's, a week of Van Houtte. And I think that also has 
contributed to a higher growth rate of K-Cups that we've recorded in our sales. 

<Q - Mitchell Pinheiro>: Okay. And then – so was there any demand that was pulled forward? Did you estimate 
because when people buy a brewer, they might buy a couple of boxes of K-Cups as gifts or stocking stuffers that 
obviously don't get used until the following quarter? Have you estimated what that might be? 

<A - John Whoriskey>: Hi, Mitch. This is John Whoriskey. Let me answer this in a couple of different parts. First off, 
I would say that we exceeded holiday retailer expectations, driven essentially by all the advertising and marketing 
support behind the brand. And I think in some of the NPD data that we reported, in the announcements in the month of 
December alone, one in three coffee makers sold was a Keurig technology coffee maker. $1 out of $2 was a dollar 
spent on a Keurig coffee maker as well. So we drove an awful lot of sales in brewer sales certainly that – I would say 
that the demand for K-Cups hasn't caught up to the sales that we've experienced over the holiday season for brewers. So 
we're in a bit of a catch-up mode in that regard from a K-Cup standpoint. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Yes, Mitch. This is Larry. Try as we 
might, we did have spot outages on the K-Cup side through our first quarter, and we're continuing to experience that, as 
I've had some personal interactions with a couple of our accounts recently. We're working very hard to improve our 
customer service. And Scott McCreary and his team are getting the call from me about every other day as to how we're 
doing. And we are making progress. But as I said earlier, we haven't quite caught the rabbit yet. 

<Q - Mitchell Pinheiro>: As you model and as you do your own survey work, have you noticed any change in the 
attachment rates going up/down, or are they remaining somewhat stable? 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Mitch, this is Larry. I think what 
we've indicated going forward because of the – we're really focused on driving dollars going forward, and we will 
continue to see new beverages at new price points. And we just think that looking at dollars sold of portion packs is the 
best way to look at our overall progress. And we're not going to going forward report on consumption per brewer. 

Again, we're trying to encourage also multiple brewers in every household. We would love for households to have a 
brewer in the kitchen, a brewer in the office, a brewer in their weekend getaway, whether it's a houseboat or a cottage. 
And our objective here is overall share of household coffee, and more broadly non-carbonated beverage consumption. 
And the brewer – consumption per brewer is not particularly important. It's the overall portion pack sales and our share 
of household that we're focused on. 

<A - John Whoriskey>: Maybe we could – this is John Whoriskey. I'd just add a comment regarding household 
penetration. Through this quarter, we've accelerated our penetration rates. And we're happy to see the growth around 
the country. It's not an East Coast phenomenon. It's a national phenomenon. And we are seeing very healthy growth 
rates across the country now. And I think the awareness building campaigns that have been put behind the brand are 
certainly accelerating that trend. 


<A - Frances G. Rathke>: I think the only other thing I'd like to add is we haven't talked much about the 
away-from-home business this quarter. And this quarter, again, the away-from-home business experienced very strong 
growth rates. And we continue to see that business recover from its low period, year over year showing significant 
growth rates that drive – and the K-Cup volume that goes through the away-from-home business on an attachment rate 
is significantly higher. And so that's an element that enters in to think about as well. 

<Q - Mitchell Pinheiro>: All right. Thank you. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: Thank you, Mitch. 

Operator 

And we'll take a follow-up question from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: Hey, guys, thanks for taking the follow-up. I've got one clarification and one question. Fran, I 
think in response to an earlier question about net interest expense, you said it would be $65 million. And is that for an 
annual or is that for fiscal '11? 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: That is for fiscal '11, Bryan. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: Okay. Okay, and does that include any additional fees related to your financing or is that just 
simply now your new debt structure times the interest rate? 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: It is the latter. It does not have fees. It's the ongoing debt, estimated indebtedness times 6% 
to 6.5% interest. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: Okay. And then, Larry, I know there's not much that you can say about the new platform. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: But go ahead and ask anyway. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: But I'm going to ask anyway. If I were a licensed partner, right, so if I were either a coffee 
roasting partner, I guess like Smucker's, or if I were a brewer manufacturer partner like Mr. Coffee, how does a new 
platform affect me? Do I have the ability to participate in any new platforms? Because effectively you'd be competing 
against me, I guess, with a new product. So I'm just curious if there's anything you could say about how it affects your 
licensed partners. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director>: I will say this. We really feel as we 
look retrospectively that we've done a very good job with the current platform in terms of how we introduced it, both in 
terms of sequencing of channels and how we have brought to bear to its success great partners that we have, both on the 
brewer side and on the coffee side. Given our success with how that platform has developed, I think that our vision 
would be to follow a similar pattern with any new system. And I think our existing partners will, in my view, certainly 
have an appropriate role in helping us to drive that forward as we go should they want to participate. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: Okay, great. That's helpful. Thank you, Larry. 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Thanks, Bryan. 

Operator 

And it appears that's all the time we have for questions today. I'd like to turn the conference back to Mr. Blanford. 

Lawrence J. Blanford, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 


Thank you. I'd like to thank all of you for joining us today and for your continued support of our company. We look 
forward to seeing many of you in person over the next several weeks at financial conferences that we expect to attend, 
as well as some of you I would expect will be at the International Housewares Show taking place in Chicago in early 
March. And we will have a strong contingent there as well. So again, thank you and we appreciate all of your support. 

Operator 

Again, that does conclude our conference, we do thank you for joining us. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


