Q1 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer 
• Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Michelle Stacy, President, Keurig, Incorporated 
• R. Scott McCreary, President, SCBU 
• John Whoriskey 
• T.J. Whalen 
• David Manley 
• James Travis 
Other Participants 

• Mitchell Pinheiro 
• Anton Brenner 
• Mark Astrachan 
• Scott Van Winkle 
• Bryan Spillane 
• Jon Andersen 
• William Chappell 
• Gregory McKinley 
• Anthony Gikas 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Green Mountain Coffee Roasters Fiscal 2010 First Quarter 
Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. 

And at this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to the Chief Financial 
Officer, Ms. Fran Rathke. Please go ahead. 

Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Delia . Welcome, everyone. If you have not received the earnings release, it is on our website at 
www.gmcr.com. Our website also has slides that summarize much of the information on this call. You can access them 
through the same link as our webcast from the Investor Services page of our website, and I urge you to view them as 
they contain key messages and data we are discussing today relating to our performance and prospects. 

I want to remind everyone that certain statements will be made today which are forward-looking within the meaning of 
Securities Laws. Owing to the uncertainties of forward-looking statements, our actual results may differ materially 
from anything projected in these forward-looking statements. We can give no assurance as to their accuracy and we 
assume no obligation to update them. 


For further information on risks and uncertainties, please read the company's SEC filings and the paragraph in today's 
press release that begins with the words, Certain Statements. We also request that you ask all of your questions on this 
call so that our answers are available to everyone. 

I have one quick announcement. We are very pleased to welcome Suzanne DuLong as our new Vice President of 
Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. She joins us this week and previously was the Vice President and 
Chief Communications Officer of Ciena Corporation in Maryland. 

And now, I would like to turn the call over to our President and CEO, Larry Blanford. 

Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Fran. Joining us with prepared remarks in this call are Michelle Stacy, President of our Keurig business unit; 
and Scott McCreary, President of the Specialty Coffee business unit. After our remarks, the management team will be 
available to respond to your questions. 

Building on our excellent fiscal 2009 performance, it is exciting to be sharing outstanding results with you again today. 
Our company continues to deliver superb financial results that demonstrate the resiliency and transformative nature of 
our unique business model. This quarter we generated earnings of $0.27 per share, up 163% versus last year's $0.10 per 
share, excluding the favorable one-time settlement with Kraft. 

Our first quarter net sales grew an impressive 77% driven by shipments of 650 million K-Cup portion packs 
system-wide, up 82% from last year. This is the highest quarterly year-over-year increase in K-Cup shipments since 
Keurig became part of GMCR in the third fiscal quarter of 2006. 

We sold over 1.4 million brewers this past quarter, which will continue to drive our single-serve razor/razor blade 
business model going forward. We believe these strong Keurig brewer sales are largely attributable to increasing 
consumer awareness of and interest in the convenience, quality, and value represented by the Keurig Single-Cup 
system. 

Looking at a longer history of our performance, since the first quarter of fiscal 2007, we have delivered average growth 
in sales of 56% and average growth in net income of 89%. This track record speaks to our ability to both aggressively 
grow sales and expand margins. 

Our company success relies on our employees' thoughtful execution of initiatives that enable future sustainable growth. 
For example, a major enabling initiative launched during the first quarter of 2010 was the acquisition of the Timothy's 
business, which Scott will address in his comments. 

Other enabling initiatives launched during our fiscal first quarter included the start-up of new higher speed packaging 
lines in Tennessee, Vermont and Toronto; addition of roasting and new packaging lines in our Sumner, Washington 
facility; the introduction of the Donut House Collection of coffees in K-Cup portion packs; and to announce the 
pending acquisition of Diedrich, which we expect to close promptly after conclusion of the Hart-Scott-Rodino period. 

Looking forward, there are three primary areas, which we are focusing to enhance consumer interest and our business 
value. The first is continued adoption of the Keurig Single-Serve Brewing System. As a measure of our success to-date, 
according to the latest NPD data, Keurig is the number one dollar share leader in all coffee makers and brewers for the 
most recent quarter and all of last calendar year. 

Our focus continues to be on expanding choices of brewers and K-Cups to increase consumers' interest in and adoption 
of our single-serve system. For example, we expect Cuisinart's new model using Keurig Brewed technology to hit retail 
shelves soon and later this year, the Mr. Coffee brand will introduce a model that also uses Keurig Brewed technology. 

The second key factor in our business value creation model is leveraging the Keurig brewing system to introduce our 
growing family of regionally known brands to more consumers. The brewer is a great vehicle for consumers to gain 
familiarity with our brands in single-serve format. Then through marketing and distribution initiatives, we will also 


make our coffees available for traditional drip brewing methods in multiple channels across expanded geographies. 

In combination with our extensive distribution network, our growing family of brands will allow consumers to benefit 
by having more choices of delicious coffee and other hot and cold beverages in more places. 

The third key factor in our business model is continued product development focused on brewer and K-Cup innovation 
to enhance the value of the Keurig Brewing System for consumers. The success of new K-Cup products, such as our 
co-developed Celestial Seasonings' brewed over iced teas and our Café Escapes product line of coffee house beverages 
are great indicators that GMCR could now be described as a single-serve beverage company. In fact this past quarter, 
about 87% of our consolidated sales were from the Keurig Brewing System and its recurring K-Cup portion pack 
revenue. 

To summarize, the combined result of these three factors, that is, a high adoption rate of the Keurig Brewing System, 
geographic sales expansion of our strategic brands and new product innovation formed the basis of our value 
proposition to customers and consumers alike. These factors are key to how we grow our earnings increasing 
shareholder value. 

With our stated purpose to transform the way the world views business, our company continues to distinguish itself 
with products and services as well as by fostering an engaged workforce, protecting and sustaining the environment, 
and supporting the local and global communities where we do business. Our most recently published Corporate Social 
Responsibility Report is available on our GMCR website under Brewing a Better World. 

Consumers appreciate our values and the opportunity to make a difference by selecting our products. Our commitment 
to corporate, social and environmental responsibility appeals to business partners like Newman's Own Organics and it 
helps us to attract and retain a very talented group of employees and Board members. 

In this regard, I'm very pleased Douglas Daft has joined our Board of Directors. Doug is the former Chairman of the 
Board and Chief Executive Officer of The Coca-Cola Company. He also serves in the Boards of McGraw-Hill Group 
of Companies and Wal-Mart Stores. Doug's insights and knowledge will be valuable as we weigh the opportunities 
before us and continue our transformational leadership in the beverage business. 

In summary, we are changing the way consumers enjoy their coffee and other beverages, both at home and away from 
home, while staying true to our values and retaining our commitment to all our stakeholders. At the same time, we are 
carefully executing on a strategic and aggressive plan to grow GMCR sales and earnings and build value for our 
shareholders. 

Now I would like to turn the call back over to Fran. Fran? 

Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Larry. I too am very pleased with our outstanding top and bottom line financial performance this past quarter. 
For details regarding our results, we invite you to read today's press release available on our website. 

As Larry noted, net sales for our first quarter totaled $349 million, up 77% over the same quarter last year. The main 
drivers of this growth were first, the 101% increase in dollar growth of the company's K-Cup sales to retailers, 
supermarkets, consumer direct and to the office coffee channels; and second, the 86.5% increase in Keurig brewer sales 
and accessories during the holiday season. Please look at our slides for these and more financial highlights. 

Our gross margin improved 200 basis points over last year, which is notable as typically during our first quarter, we 
have downward gross margin pressure due to the seasonally high percentage sale coming from brewers, which are sold 
at approximately cost. This improved gross margin was due to the higher Specialty Coffee business unit gross margin. 
The improvement was driven by manufacturing efficiencies combined with the higher manufacturing gross margin due 
to the increase in volume of our manufactured K-Cups as a percentage of total system volume. 


On November 13, we acquired Timothy's wholesale business for $157 million, using cash from our August 2009 equity 
offering. This acquisition was slightly accretive to earnings excluding the one-time, acquisition-related expenses. The 
new FASB ruling dealing with business combinations became effective for Green Mountain Coffee Roasters starting 
this fiscal year. 

In the first quarter, we incurred approximately $5 million of M&A expenses for both Timothy's and the pending 
Diedrich acquisitions, which are included in the G&A expense line. Even with these one-time, acquisition-related 
expenses, SG&A margin improved slightly over last year's first quarter SG&A margin to 22.5% of sales from 23% of 
sales, excluding the prior year's 17 million patent litigation settlement. 

Our first quarter operating income increased 190% over the prior year's quarter with significant operating margin 
improvement to 6.6% of sales from 4% of sales. Looking forward to the rest of fiscal 2010, we anticipate operating 
margin improvement driven by stronger year-over-year high gross margin with SG&A margin more in line with prior 
year comparable quarter margin with the caveat that these estimates exclude any additional one-time, 
acquisition-related transaction expenses. 

The company's tax rate was 43% as compared to 38.9% in the prior year quarter. The difference is due to a portion of 
the acquisition-related expenses not being deductible for tax purposes. Weighted shares outstanding increased 18.6% or 

7.2 million shares during the first quarter of 2010 over the prior year quarter mostly due to the August 2009 equity 
offering where 5.8 million shares were issued. 
Net income per diluted share for our first quarter was $0.27 per share, up 164% as compared to $0.10 per share in the 
first quarter of 2009, when excluding the 27% per share patent litigation settlement and above our previous estimates of 
10 to $0.16 per share. Our actual first quarter financial results exceeded our previous estimates primarily due to the 
stronger top-line growth and a higher gross margin. 

Looking forward now at our latest financial estimates, please keep in mind that my remarks and all other information 
we have released is based on current expectations and our belief that we can achieve this growth. As such, the estimates 
involve many risks and uncertainties. We are raising our estimates for both sales and earnings growth for this fiscal 
year. This increase is based upon the sales growth and margins we achieved this past holiday season and the higher 
installed base of Keurig Brewers underlying that growth. 

For fiscal year 2010, we now expect total consolidated net sales growth of 57 to 62%. We anticipate total K-Cup 
shipped system-wide by all Keurig licensed roasters to increase in the range of 73 to 78%. We anticipate an operating 
margin in the range of 11.8 to 12.5%, excluding any one-time, acquisition-related transaction expenses for the pending 
Diedrich acquisition above the amount incurred already in the first quarter of fiscal 2010. 

We expect fully diluted GAAP earnings per share in the range of $1.95 to $2.05 per share, up from prior estimates of 
$1.85 to $1.95. The fully diluted GAAP earnings per share estimates include $11 million pre-tax or $0.15 per share 
non-cash amortization expenses. These expenses are related to the identifiable intangibles of the company's acquisitions 
and exclude any one-time, acquisition-related transaction expenses for the pending Diedrich's acquisition above the 
amount already incurred in the first quarter of fiscal 2010. 

For the second quarter of fiscal 2010, we expect total consolidated net sales growth of 64 to 69%. We anticipate an 
operating margin in the range of 14 to 14.7%, excluding any one-time, acquisition-related transaction expenses for the 
pending Diedrich's acquisition above the amount incurred in fiscal first quarter of 2010. 

We estimate that fully diluted GAAP earnings per share will be in the range of 56 to $0.61 per share. The fully diluted 
GAAP earnings per share estimates include $2 million pre-tax or $0.03 per diluted share for the non-cash amortization 
expenses related to the identifiable intangibles of the company's acquisition and exclude any one-time, 
acquisition-related transaction expenses for the pending Diedrich's acquisition. This compares to the prior year 
fully-diluted GAAP earnings per share of $0.33 per share. 

As previously announced on December 7, 2009, the company entered into a definitive merger agreement to acquire 
Diedrich Coffee Inc. for $35 per share in cash pursuant to a cash tender offer in a transaction with the total value of 


approximately $290 million. The company will finance this transaction through cash on-hand and its existing bank 
lines of credit. The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approval. 

We anticipate that this transaction will be neutral to slightly accretive within the first 12 months following the close, 
excluding one-time transaction expenses and accretive thereafter. Other key factors including interest expense, tax rate, 
CapEx, and annual depreciation and amortization are explained in today's press release. 

And now, I will turn the call over to Michelle Stacy. 

Michelle Stacy, President, Keurig, Incorporated 

Thank you, Fran, and good afternoon, everyone. It's very exciting to report another outstanding first quarter and holiday 
season for Keurig. Total brewers sold during the quarter equaled 1.47 million, which are 755,000 more brewers 
compared to the 711,000 sold in Q1 of 2009. The significantly higher brewer unit sales combined with 158% increase 
in K-Cup sales to retailers and to consumers from Keurig.com propelled Keurig Q1 sales to 218 million, up 106%. 

This exceptional brewer growth is driven by several key factors. Keurig Brewers continued to have extremely strong 
consumer appeal. 90% of Keurig owners are actively recommending the product or giving it as a gift, and these highly 
satisfied Keurig owners, who passionately endorse the brand, are our best advertising. 

Additionally, during the first quarter, we made significant investments in TV advertising, in-mall and in-store demos, 
merchandising and key marketplace events, spending over $14 million. Lastly, during the quarter, we received 
outstanding retailer support with excellent in-store display and increased retailer advertising. For example, Keurig was 
featured in retailer TV advertising for Kohl's and JCPenney, and we were featured on either the front cover or back 
cover of circulars from Macy's, Kohl's and Bed Bath & Beyond. As a result, aided brand awareness for Keurig moved 
from 24% in October to 40% in January. And as consumers become more aware of the benefits of the Keurig Brewing 
System, the demand for our product continues to increase as the most recent NPD data indicated. 

Keurig is the number one coffeemaker brand. We achieved a 41.3% dollar share of the overall coffeemaker dollars in 
December, a 36.6% dollar share for the quarter and most significantly a 25.4% dollar share for all of 2009. As Larry 
already indicated these figures were all the number one position for all coffeemakers and Keurig's dollar share was 
more than double the leading competitor during both the quarter and December. Keurig Brewer models are the top four 
brewers in the category. Unit share also experienced similar gains with December at 23.2%, up 13 points and the 
quarter at 18.6%, up 10.5 points. 

Continuing with our strategy to introduce innovative new products that delight consumers, during Q2 we're excited to 
launch our new Mini Plus Brewer, which incorporates several changes from the Mini Brewer. The new Mini Brewer 
heats water to a higher temperature in a faster time and then incorporates an easy to fill water reservoir. We expect this 
brewer to launch on our website during Q2 and then roll to retail during Q3 at a price of 99.99. 

Another important highlight for the quarter was the strong growth of the Away From Home business over a soft 
year-ago quarter. Several key initiatives helped to accelerate the growth in this vital segment. First, we realigned our 
small office product pricing to offer more value within our wholesale distribution channel and on Keurig.com; second, 
we launched an upgrade version of our award winning large office brewer and third we strengthened the focus of our 
sales efforts on major national count opportunities such as Staples, Office Depot and ARAMARK. 

We expect this commercial business sales momentum to continue in the second quarter when we are launching the new 
B150-155 brewer. This new brewer has several exciting features including our largest removable cold water reservoir, 
plum capability and a user friendly touch screen interface. We believe these features will make it an ideal brewer for 
the workplace. 

Our Away From Home business remains a key growth driver at Keurig. Large numbers of Keurig consumers first 
experienced Keurig in an office or hotel and then went on to purchase at our At Home products. We are excited that 
both the retail and the office businesses are growing at significant rates. 


Our success in increasing household and office penetration of Keurig Brewers will continue to drive higher 
system-wide K-Cup shipments. Scott McCreary will share with you more details of our Specialty Coffee and K-Cup 
business. 

R. Scott McCreary, President, SCBU 
Thanks, Michelle. The Specialty Coffee business unit continues to deliver strong performance. With the Keurig System 
and K-Cups at the heart of our growth strategy, our multichannel distribution approach is driving K-Cup sales growth 
with significant increases in all At Home channels including supermarkets and club, consumer direct and our sales to 
Keurig, where they capture the ultimate sales to retailers. 

Momentum in supermarkets continues to accelerate. We announced selling the 12 count K-Cup package in about 
10,000 stores with about 1500 new locations added in the past quarter, including Kroger, Safeway and Publix. 

We have 24 items available to supermarkets and are executing an impressive four-foot shelf set of K-Cups and Brewers 
with strong retailer support across the Northeast. IRI data shows rapid growth of K-Cup portion packs sales with 
year-over-year dollar sales of our brand up 302% in grocery during the past quarter. According to IRI data for 
Northeast region, dollar sales for K-Cups sold in supermarkets now outsell both Starbucks and Dunkin' Donuts bag 
coffee sales. 

Our performance is due to three factors, our significant distribution gain, new product and brand introduction, and the 
growing consumer demand for K-Cup portion packs. With distribution of K-Cups to essentially all warehouse club 
stores nationwide, first quarter sales have increased 315% versus the same period last year. Our family of brands is 
available to approximately – in approximately 1,000 Costco, Sam's and BJ's stores and we have increased our product 
offerings across our brand portfolio. At the same time, the Away From Home business is picking up steam with 
double-digit sales growth this past quarter of 17%. We have planned some exciting new initiatives to build upon this 
trend, such as an office lobby sampling tour in 10 major geographies, distributor lead generation and the launch of an 
Office Kitchen Makeover Sweepstakes. 

As Larry mentioned, we are continuing to drive K-Cup innovation and new product introductions which have resulted 
in strong consumer excitement. Even with limited availability, Donut House Collection is already exceeding early sales 
forecast, and we are experiencing increased consumer demand for our Café Escapes line of indulgent dairy-based 
K-Cups and Perfect Iced Teas for brewing over ice. We have a very exciting pipeline of new product introductions 
planned for the US and Canada in 2010. 

It is a truly exciting time to be at GMCR as we integrate our strategic acquisitions. This past quarter, we expanded 
distribution of Tully's K-Cups in grocery and club and Tully's is now featured prominently in our catalogs and on our 
website. We held the grand opening of our new Sumner, Washington manufacturing and distribution location on 
December 1. The new facility will support the growth we are planning for the Tully's business. 

We completed our acquisition of Timothy's World Coffee brand and wholesale business on November 13 and are 
making great strides on the integration into our portfolio. 

In December, we completed the installation of a new high-speed packaging line, which has enhanced the capacity at 
our Toronto location. We continue to invest in our capacity across all our manufacturing sites and are pleased with the 
progress we have made in delivering the efficiencies and improved gross margin, which you see reflected in our results 
today. These investments will ensure we continue to exceed customers' expectations for freshness and quality and 
provide the ability to produce multiple brands at our various locations to leverage transportation savings and shorten 
distribution cycle. 

As we integrate Tully's and Timothy's into the Green Mountain Coffee family, we are also very focused on delivering 
results and other operational and process improvements as well as investing in and leveraging the strength and 
contributions of our employees. We are focused on balancing margin and earnings expansion with investments and 
growth, as we continue to build shareholder value. 


On that note, I will turn the call back over to Larry. 

Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Scott. Fran, Michelle, Scott and I are joined today by John Whoriskey, General Manager of Keurig's At Home 
division; and Dave Manly, General Manager of Keurig's Away From Home and Direct business. From our Specialty 
Coffee business unit, we have T.J. Whalen, Vice President of Marketing; Jim Travis, Vice President of Sales; and Jon 
Wettstein, Vice President of Supply Chain Operations. 

We will now start the question queue. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. And from Janney Montgomery Scott, we have Mitch Pinheiro. 

<Q - Mitchell Pinheiro>: Yeah, hey, good – good evening or good afternoon. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Mitch. 

<Q - Mitchell Pinheiro>: Hello. So just – so limited to two questions. I guess, the first one... 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: That's hard for you, Mitch. 

<Q - Mitchell Pinheiro>: What's that, yeah. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I said we know that's hard for you. 

<Q - Mitchell Pinheiro>: That is hard, but there is always follow-up. So Hart-Scott-Rodino, any update on the timing, 
have you complied with the second request, yet, and set the sort of the clock ticking? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Mitch, obviously it's a regulatory process. It 
has its own timing. We are in the process of working through the second request and complying with it. And as we 
said, once the Hart-Scott-Rodino process period reaches its conclusion, we would expect to close the transaction 
promptly afterwards. 

<Q - Mitchell Pinheiro>: Okay. So you haven't – it's not – you're not – you haven't delivered the second request? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No, not at this point. I mean, we just received it here 
a couple of weeks ago, and we are certainly working on and preparing our response to the questions in that request. 

<Q - Mitchell Pinheiro>: Okay. Second question and then I'll get back in the queue. But the margins were very 
impressive in the quarter, gross margin was obviously a lot better than expected in thinking that selling in the heavy 
brewer season, very low margin brewer growth – margins would weigh that down, but in this quarter they were better 
than expected. 

And then when you look at G&A, not only in this quarter but maybe going forward, is there something in G&A, is 
there a reversal here where we're going to see better growth data gross margin and maybe less G&A growth or SG&A 
growth? Can you sort of talk about the dynamic between those two line items? 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Sure, Mitch. This is Fran. As I stated in my remarks, we did – we 
were very pleased with the gross margin and normally this quarter that we just had, because we have such high 
percentage of our sales with the brewers where we really don't have any gross margin, we're extremely pleased with as 
you said the strong margin expansion. 


And in terms of, as we look at the rest of this year, we continue to be comfortable that we'll see improved gross 
margins. Last year, if you recall, we had a lot of operating margin improvement, primarily driven by strong SG&A 
margin improvement. I think this year, we're going to see more gross margin improvement and SG&A, still being 
efficient, but not as – not in terms of major improvements, in terms of reduction of those SG&A margins as a percent of 
sales. 

<Q - Mitchell Pinheiro>: Is there any – is that – any increase in advertising related to that or selling, sales force or any 
step change in that expense? 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. Well, this quarter, I think and Michelle had mentioned, we 
had about $14 million of the TV media spend. So that was definitely a significant increase over last year, but as a 
percentage of sales, it was fairly similar in that we grew sales so much. 

In terms of the rest of the year, we do need to continue to ensure we have an appropriate, on the G&A side, 
infrastructure with – whether its analytics or people managing the business. I think the sales force, we consider we don't 
have any significant investment larger than our rate of growth in sales, but I think we're just ensuring that we have 
appropriate infrastructure to manage this growth. 

<Q - Mitchell Pinheiro>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Mitch, this is Larry. We do have maybe some 
additional funds in the third quarter versus last year, as we do plan to be introducing a number of new products as Scott 
mentioned and Keurig does have some television advertising lined up in support of Mothers Day and Fathers day this 
year, where we did not last year, to create excitement with the trade and not only about our new Brewer line, but also 
the new beverage products that we'll be introducing and we have a number of demos that we're planning in store to 
support those new beverages that we'll be bringing forward. 

<Q - Mitchell Pinheiro>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Tony Brenner with ROTH Cap Partners. 

<Q - Anton Brenner>: Two things, number one, just, do your projections and guidance assume the consummation of 
the Diedrich acquisition with respect to sales growth. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Hi, Tony, this is Fran. No, our projections do not include any 
Diedrich's numbers in them. At this point, it just has obviously Timothy's because we closed on that transaction in 
November. 

<Q - Anton Brenner>: Okay. And second, I wonder if you could provide some insight as to how the rate of increase in 
Brewer sales in the quarter differed by geography, particularly in your most mature and least mature markets the 
Northeast versus the West Coast. 

<A - John Whoriskey>: Hi Tony, this is John Whoriskey. What we're seeing is higher growth rates in percentage 
terms on the West Coast and very strong sales on the East Coast and that speaks to a brand that's been probably more 
well established East and gradually now we're seeing rapid expansion as we go across the country. And we believe 
based on all of our research that the only thing that's holding back reaching penetration rates out West versus the East is 
awareness. And we are making substantial investments in advertising etcetera to really speed that up and move that 
forward. 

<Q - Anton Brenner>: Or could you rein in the range of very strong a little bit? I mean what does that mean on the 
East Coast? 


<A - John Whoriskey>: Well, we don't release our publish data geographically or by region, so I am sorry, I can't give 
you a specific on that. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Tony, this is – this is Larry. We would have – we 
would see in the At Home market penetration in certain East Coast markets several times that of the West. So – but the 
good news is, as John indicated that even in the East, we continue to increase consumer adoption and see increased 
levels of At Home penetration. So we're very encouraged that we have the opportunity ultimately to bring the rest of 
the country up to the same levels of usage and adoption that we see in the East. So it's very exciting. But good question. 

Operator 

Moving on to Mark Astrachan with Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Mark Astrachan>: A question on... 

<A>: Hey, Mark. 

<Q - Mark Astrachan>: ...on the breakout of the Specialty Coffee business. I'm curious why the revenues were not 
more given the strong K-Cup growth and I'm curious what does this imply about the split between the Royalty and the 
Green Mountain owned K-Cups. And then the sales between those handled in the Keurig segment, which are national 
accounts I believe and those done by the Specialty Coffee business unit. 

And then, sort of related to that where does the accessory business fit into the P&L and what is the size of that and the 
approximate margin of that business? 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Hi, Mark it's Fran. In terms of your first part of your question about, 
could we explain the difference in the K-Cup business from the Specialty Coffee, as you know the Specialty Coffee 
business directly sells K-Cups to the grocery channel, the supermarkets, office coffee and off of our Consumer Direct 
business. In addition, we sell K-Cup sales – the Keurig business unit ends up with those in their P&L to the retailers 
and also a consumer direct business, which is keurig.com. 

And in terms of the business, our total company, we had extremely strong sales company wide, selling to all of these 
third party channels. In my remarks, I mentioned that K-Cup sales to whether it was a retailer, supermarket, consumer 
direct or the office coffee was up 101% in dollar. So the Specialty Coffee business grew 44%. 

In terms of the K-Cup sales in there, we don't break out how much of that was K-Cups but albeit I'm sure it was at least 
44% growth. But I think this quarter we saw very, very strong K-Cup dollar sales in the retail channel. So that I think is 
a little bit of why Specialty Coffee isn't as high as the total system because I think we had stronger sales of K-Cups to 
the retailers this quarter. Your second question was 


<Q - Mark Astrachan>: Accessory business. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Accessory business. As part of Keurig, we sell a number of 
accessories. We don't break them out in terms of components of sales. We have good – very strong margins in those 
items. And we feel that business is continuing to grow nicely. 

<Q - Mark Astrachan>: Great. And just related to the first part of the question, I guess I'm just still trying to 
understand what the split is then between the grocery and other, and those on the national or larger retail side that you 
are selling through the Keurig segment. 

So I guess what that implies is the national accounts through the Keurig segment are a lot stronger than what it would 
be through the Specialty business. Does it also imply that the wholly owned brands, the Green Mountain produced 
brands, the Tully's, Newman's Own are growing slower than some of the other businesses? 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: No, Mark, I think it's just as I tried to articulate, I think the reason 
the K-Cup sales for the company were up more than the 44% just for the total sales for the Specialty Coffee business 


unit was primarily driven by stronger K-Cup sales dollars and growth to the retail channel – to the retailer. 

<Q - Mark Astrachan>: Okay. Got it. All right. Just one other quick question relating to the importance of Keurig in 
these large national chains, have you talked a bit about changing the relationship with M Block to potentially deal a bit 
more directly with some of those retailers or would you want to do that? 

<A - Michelle Stacy, President, Keurig, Incorporated>: Mark, this is Michelle. I think what I'd like to say is that M 
Block has done an absolutely superb job of continuing to meet our growth and meeting our warehouse demands and 
our supply demands as we've grown. And we continue to view them as an exceptional partner to the business. 

When we interface with any of our retailers – John Whoriskey and his team have a team of sales people. So the 
interface with the actual retailer and the buying team at the retailers is us. M Block really services us in managing both 
the order and the shipping to that customer and they have been absolutely fabulous in meeting the retailer demand. 

<Q - Mark Astrachan>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Michelle Stacy, President, Keurig, Incorporated>: Thanks, Mark. 

Operator 

Next in our queue, we have Scott Van Winkle with Canaccord Adams. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: Thanks. Congratulations, everyone. I'm glad it was a good holiday for you. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks, Scott. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: If I could get like maybe John and Michelle on a question to give me their thoughts, Larry, 
you mentioned the marketing efforts around Mother's Day and then in brewer and some of the things away from the 
holidays, I'm wondering if there is an effort both from the marketing, the sales effort to take this – to kind of blend out 
the seasonality of selling brewers. 

And I would assume with the longevity of the business now, there's going to more of a replacement cycle between 
holiday gifts giving and do you change the marketing message? To me, it seems like we're going after men selling – 
buying for wives in the holidays and does that change throughout the rest of the year? And I'm wondering if there is a 
different marketing effort coming here in the next nine months before the next holiday? 

<A - John Whoriskey>: Hi Scott, it's John Whoriskey. I would say, Scott, that we are such in an early stage of 
developing this business that the seasonal effect of this product really probably speak to the excitement and the 
enthusiasm for what we have to offer. 

But we have so much runway in front of us that I would say right now it's really about growing and expanding the 
awareness of what our products ultimately delivers and why it's so, I'd use the word, disruptive in the sense that it is 
such a new technology that people are just starting to learn about in the dark. 

So I think we're at the very early stages and I think the more we can encourage and work those issues over the key 
holiday gift giving timeframes, the better. We certainly want to leverage that. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: And was there or is there a difference? Again, looking toward the rest of the year and as 
investors talk to retailers, is there a different mix coming up going forward and where product is sold? There was lots 
of commentary about the strength in department stores and chatter over the holiday period. 

And I am wondering if it kind of blends out more towards the discounters in the rest of the year. I'm just wondering 
what to look for when I look for how store sets are in the rest of the year away from the holidays. Sorry to pile on the 
question. I am just looking forward to the next couple of quarters. 


<A - John Whoriskey>: Let me see if we can hit it. And maybe we will get a little help. Scott, what we saw I think 
over this holiday season was we exceeded all the retailers' expectations to the point where the advertising and all the 
efforts we put into this marketplace over the holidays, we are busily catching up to rebuild inventory levels as we 
speak. And that is across all channels of distribution, from the most mature retailers that started with us back in 2004 to 
the newer ones that have been added whether it be Wal-Mart this past spring season of last year. 

So it's really across all channels and it really speaks to I think our strategy and our product line approach and pricing 
different brewers for different channels of customers. I think it's all blended very well to say that coming out of 
Christmas now, our retail partners are looking to expand further space in our merchandising and really get ahead of the 
Christmas 2010 season, which we're already starting to plan. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: Okay. And, Michelle, you gave some data on aided awareness and how it's grown after 
circulars and stuff in the holidays from October to January. Did you have – do you have any data on purchase intent 
from surveys or things of that nature? 

<A - Michelle Stacy, President, Keurig, Incorporated>: We certainly collect that. We have not been sharing that at 
this time period. We did share the awareness numbers of 24 growing to 40, which is just outstanding. In fact, many of 
our retailers have actually said to us that they've never experienced a product like this and in marketing terms of trying 
to find a product that almost doubles its unaided awareness in a quarter is absolutely phenomenal. So that – I think the 
level of brewer sales kind of indicates just the relative level of purchase intent once the consumer becomes aware. It's 
very high. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: Okay. Thanks and last question I guess to the other side of the business. How do you 
measure K-Cup gift giving? I mean one of the things I heard in my conversations with stores was that there are people 
buying K-Cups as gifts without buying a brewer and I know last quarter we talked about – yeah, there was a question 
about the lag between brewers and K-Cups and the commentary was that people seem to buy a box of K-Cups or 
something with a new brewer, but this year – I didn't hear last year there was a lot of talk about people just buying 
boxes of K-Cups as gifts. 

Did you see that as something that was reported? Is this something that we have to consider when we go into the March 
quarter as to whether more K-Cups were given at the end of December and does that affect the timing of the next refill 
of sales? 

<A - John Whoriskey>: Hi, Scott. It's John Whoriskey. Let me try and answer that one question. I think this is the first 
Christmas season where we have launched variety packs, holiday seasonal packs in multiple quantities, and also 
seasonal varieties. We started – and also Café Escapes over the holiday season as well. 

And we certainly saw our incremental POS results through all that. We certainly know that, I mean understanding more 
how much incremental consumption is there, I think we still are trying to digest and learn from that. But it's very clear 
that the gift giving and the expansion and the choice varieties of having something different over the holidays and 
giving a box of 48 K-Cups is certainly – we were surprised with the results, very pleased with the results. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: Thank you. 

<A - Michelle Stacy, President, Keurig, Incorporated>: Thanks, Scott. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

<A - John Whoriskey>: Thanks, Scott. 

Operator 

Let's move on to Bryan Spillane with Bank of America – Merrill Lynch. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hey, Bryan. 


<Q - Bryan Spillane>: Hey, guys. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Hi, Bryan. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: So two questions, first for Fran, just there is about $73 million of cash on the balance sheet at 
the end of the quarter and so in terms of filling the gap, in terms of financing Diedrich, will you be pulling down the 
revolver to do that or what are the plans to sort of finance that gap, that difference? 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Bryan, it's Fran. Yes, we will right now at the end of this quarter that 
we just reported, we typically are at our peak in terms of tapping into working capital. So typically, towards the end of 
January, February, we see positive cash flow coming in, in terms of the receivables, etcetera. So we expect to finance 
Diedrich with the cash on hand as well as using our credit facility. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: Okay. And then what will you do longer term? Will you term that out or will you just look to 
try to pay it down with cash flow over time? 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: I think we will be evaluating our capital structure, our credit facility, 
the size of it. The term – the credit facility is terming out at the end of December of 2012. We're just looking at our size 
of it now in terms of as we're growing so fast. So we've got a couple of options, but mostly just looking at the size of 
our credit facility down the road. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: Okay. And then, Larry, this most recent quarter, Keurig share of total coffee unit makers, if I 
am looking at this right, was 18% of total coffee makers units sold? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: I mean that's a pretty – from the last couple of fourth quarters, fives and sevens and sixes and 
eights. So you're getting close to 20% of the coffee maker unit sales and it's a pretty eye popping number. Have you 
seen – well, two things, has that at this point created any competitive response from manufacturers of drip coffee 
makers first? And then second, for companies that are heavily reliant upon selling bagged coffee or drip coffee, has that 
caught their attention in any way that you could determine? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Bryan. This is Larry. I'm going to respond to 
your questions since you directed at me. First of all, we're very pleased with the 18.6% in the fourth quarter and again it 
doubles – our unit share doubled and our dollar share doubled over the same quarter prior year as we have now put a 
string of these together. 

In terms of the overall market, the coffee makers/brewer market is extraordinarily competitive as is the highly 
fragmented coffee business itself. So these are large and they are very competitive. With respect to the coffee maker 
brewer side first, certainly, our success in that particular side of the business is interesting to others. 

And it is a result of that interest that last June, we were able to announce that we were bringing on Jarden with Mr. 
Coffee brand and Conair with the Cuisinart brand as partners. And as I mentioned in my comments, we would expect 
Cuisinart brand, which will be co-branded, Cuisinart Keurig Brewed to be launching very soon. 

And as we've said, we still believe that we're on track to see the Mr. Coffee brand launch with Keurig Brewed 
technology in the second half of this calendar year. So they certainly are very interested and their response has been in 
the case of those two particular manufacturers certainly to try to find a way to license the technology. 

Certainly other manufacturers are responding. And we still have very strong competition from Kraft, who owns 
Tassimo. And certainly in the away from home market, we have Mars, who owns the FLAVIA system and of course 
Senseo which is a joint venture of Sara Lee and Philips has launched a new Senseo brewer. So it's very competitive. 

On the coffee side, we are still a very small percentage of the total coffee business. And we do continue to evaluate the 
portfolio of coffee brands that we offer. And as we go forward, we'll continue to evaluate that and there's possibly some 
opportunities for some other brands to participate and we'll continue to evaluate that. 


But certainly, consumers have very significant choices and there is lot of leverage that the competitive manufacturers of 
coffee have to try to lure consumers to their products and to drip brewing or other forms of single-cup brewing. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: All right. Thank you. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And next up we have from William Blair, we have Jon Andersen. 

<Q - Jon Andersen>: Good evening. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Hi, Jon. 

<Q - Jon Andersen>: Larry, just sticking with your 


<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Jon. 

<Q - Jon Andersen>: Sticking with your point on the K-Cup brand portfolio for a minute, one of my questions is, just 
figure your thoughts on the current stable of brands that you do have available for the Keurig System and whether you 
foresee additions to the portfolio perhaps through new licensing agreements or other means or whether you expect the 
current line-up of brands to remain relatively stable for the foreseeable future? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, thanks, Jon. Yeah, the Keurig array of brands 
that we have, obviously, very important to the value proposition of the brewing system to a consumer. Variety and 
choice of brands and roast types etcetera are a big part of the excitement of the Keurig Brewing System. So those are 
important to us. 

From a customer standpoint, the brands that we have in the portfolio are very important also in that we can work with 
our broad distribution channels to try to make sure that those channels and the specific customers within those channels 
that we're working with them and utilizing the set of brands that we have to work with them to best match those brands 
with their own consumer demographics to provide enhanced value to their customers. So the brand portfolio is very 
important. 

Going forward, as I kind of indicated a few minutes ago, we continue to evaluate that brand portfolio. And over time, 
we could elect to add other brands that could be via acquisition or license, but nothing too specific to speak to at this 
time. 

<Q - Jon Andersen>: Could you talk a little bit about the addition of Douglas Daft to the Board and what his beverage 
industry experience brings to the company and whether that might help shape or be a reflection of things to come down 
the road? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, absolutely. As I indicated, we're just very 
pleased to have Doug join the Board. He has a long career previously with The Coca-Cola Company as well as very 
significant international experience. As we have begun to move our business to additional product opportunities for the 
consumer, Doug's experience will be very, very helpful. 

So as I have spoken previously, now over a year ago, we really started to think about our opportunity as much broader 
than just great coffee and tea. And certainly we've always been about great coffee, we are now and we will be going 
forward. But we started to understand that once the brewer was on a countertop either in an office or in a home that that 
was precious space and that there was an opportunity for us to provide to the consumer a broader array of products to 
enhance their enjoyment with the system. 

And so we started to define our opportunity really as the household consumption of non-alcoholic and non-carbonated 
beverages. So that would include coffee, tea and other beverages, hot and by brewing-over-ice cold beverages. And of 


course our first product that we introduced was last June in kind of a broadened test market, which was the Celestial 
Seasonings' brewed-over-ice line of teas. 

But we indicated that if you look at the large non-carbonated single-serve ready-to-drink beverage business in this 
country, it's enormous. And we believe that our brewing system by being able to extract fresh flavors, aromas and 
ingredients into the brew stream and deliver that over ice that we can deliver to the consumer some great products and 
win in taste test versus existing products that are out there. 

So this gets absolutely into the experience space to your question of Doug Daft. And he has already been helpful to us. 
He sat through our Board meeting in December. And his counsel and his insights are very, very helpful. 

So we're very excited about his addition to the Board and yes, it is an indicator of where we think we're going. And as I 
said, we've started out as a wholesale specialty coffee company, moving to kind of a platform company, moving to a 
beverage business. And I think you'll see us expand broadly going forward. 

<Q - Jon Andersen>: Can you give us a little more color on the plans with Cuisinart and Mr. Coffee, how those – 
perhaps, how may SKUs you expect to get retailed? How those products will be differentiated from your current 
Keurig product line in terms of features and price points? And whether you are expecting a certain degree of 
cannibalization and whether that's part of kind of a broader strategy to mix shift your business more towards the 
consumable or K-Cup side over time? 

<A - John Whoriskey>: Hi, Jon. This is John Whoriskey. 

<Q - Jon Andersen>: Hi, John. 

<A - John Whoriskey>: Consistent with the brands that are bringing our technology to the market – Cuisinart is a 
premier supplier of small appliances. And so consistent with their brand positioning in the marketplace, that's how they 
will bring our product to market and you would – consistent with their distribution strategy of department and specialty 
stores. So I really can't speak specifically to how they are going to price the product and so on but you can consider that 
to be a premium priced product at launch. 

In terms of Mr. Coffee, if you view where they sit in the marketplace today and a good-better-best offering in any 
particular retailer, usually they are going to get a good offering as it sits with our product line and where they are 
distributed, a very strong mass merchant brand in stores like Wal-Mart and Target. And so appropriate with the price 
point that would fit with that is where they will position it in a different technology than say Cuisinart. But really 
beyond that I don't think we can comment until their products are actually officially announced on the market. 

<Q - Jon Andersen>: Are you expecting a certain degree of kind of cannibalization of Keurig machines? I'm assuming 
it will be on the shelf in similar channels and similar retailers? 

<A - Michelle Stacy, President, Keurig, Incorporated>: I think the first thing that we really expect is that it's going 
to do an expansion for us because we're going to be offering the consumer more choice in the types of brewers that they 
can – the brands of brewers they can purchase for the Keurig System and we actually believe will continue to accelerate 
the adoption. 

I think the other part of it is it's going to offer the consumer more – it will expand the shelf space the Keurig Brewer 
will have in each of the channels. So I really think that the brands – the complement of having both Cuisinart and Mr. 
Coffee alongside Keurig in the retailer will, first of all, create an expansion of the total Keurig Brewed System and 
drive and encourage more consumers to adopt it. 

I think after that, yes, I don't know exactly how that mix will fall, but we may see some draw of the Keurig business, 
but as we've seen every single Keurig Brewed System that we get out there and we get the consumer to adopt continues 
to build our K-Cup stream. And that's what we – why we brought these other companies to share with us in this growth. 

<Q - Jon Andersen>: Thanks, Michelle. That's helpful. One last quick question for Fran, has the cost of producing a 
K-Cup changed at all over the past 12 months or so given – I know that you talked about introducing faster packaging 


lines from Tennessee and Vermont and the kind of the trend of Green Coffee bean cost? 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Sure, Jon. This is Fran. As we experienced this past quarter, we 
improved our gross margin essentially from the Specialty Coffee business unit where we manufacture the K-Cup. So 
we have seen improved cost structure for manufacturing a K-Cup with the investments we've made in the higher speed 
line. In terms of coffee cost, I think this quarter, coffee was slightly lower than it was on the comparable quarter. So we 
did see some favorable trends there. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: If I might, this is Larry, I'd just like to pay a tribute 
to our employees who might be listening in because they've done a tremendous job improving the quality, the 
efficiency as well as the rates of the Keurig packaging lines throughout all of our sites, really just a great job. And 
certainly, as Scott mentioned, we are seeing a little bit of that coming through in our gross margins. 

<Q - Jon Andersen>: Thanks and congratulations on a nice quarter. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And next we have Bill Chappell with SunTrust. 

<Q - William Chappell>: Good afternoon. First 


<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hey, Bill. 

<Q - William Chappell>: First, I guess question on the guidance, just a simple – you beat the high end of your range 
for the quarter by $0.11 raised by 10. Is that conservatism? Is that now including these new charges for the transaction 
fees? Or is there anything else I'm missing? 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Bill, this is Fran. In terms of the guidance, we do spend quite a bit of 
time updating our estimates all the time. I think the reason that we provided these estimates is – this is our best case, 
what we believe is going to happen in terms of the financial results. I think as I said, these exclude any of the Diedrich's 
M&A cost that we're going to incur in Q2 and so those are not in the estimates. 

And I think we do – as we've articulated, we do need to continue to build infrastructure and invest in the business to 
continue on this growth and it is always a balance of how much is that going to either help or hurt the P&L in a given 
quarter. 

<Q - William Chappell>: Okay. Well, on kind of the same line, I know you're talking about Diedrich being neutral to 
accretive in the first year and I think in the press release you said Timothy's was already accretive this quarter. Is that 
just because of the financing differences of using debt versus cash on the balance sheet or is there anything 
fundamentally different between two businesses? 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Bill, this is Fran. In terms of Timothy's, we bought them on 
November 13 with the cash although that was financed with the equity. So we do have an 18, 19% increase in shares 
outstanding. So I think the reason Timothy's was slightly accretive once again, excluding the M&A costs that are 
running through the P&L this quarter. I think we would anticipate Diedrich getting up to speed just as quickly. They are 
about the same size business. But I think the reason that we're saying will take more like a 12-month period is due to 
the purchase price being higher. 

<Q - William Chappell>: Okay. And then just one last question on – kind of a follow-up on advertising. I mean how 
should we look at it on a go-forward basis in terms of, you start switching more advertising towards K-Cups as 
competitive – the licensed Mr. Coffee or Cuisinart comes out there or even looked at in another way, after this holiday 
season, have we started to plateau in terms of getting diminishing return from increasing ad spend? 


<A - T.J. Whalen>: Hi, Bill. This is T.J. In regards to advertising on the coffee or beverage brands, we do have fairly 
significant efforts underway in key markets. In fall and holiday, we were matched with the Keurig business in certain 
geographies where we wanted to see enhanced growth. Those efforts continue now as we introduce new beverage 
varieties and introduce new consumption opportunities to this system as Larry referenced. 

We would see those – that spending continuing forward roughly commensurately here on a quarter-to-quarter basis in 
terms of what we've done in the first quarter. But that is certainly a big part of our vision moving forward, as Larry 
said, to drive demand through the Keurig System behind these brands, leverage that demand and ultimately present the 
consumer with a wide variety of choices that are attractive to them, continue to facilitate system adoption and 
ultimately build shareholder value. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, Bill. This is Larry. If I could just tap on, I mean 
obviously, what's really driving our value creation is K-Cup demand. And there is really two primary drivers of that. 
One obviously, is brewer sales and – brewer sales growth. And we are very pleased with our numbers but obviously, as 
they grow the law of large numbers may slow that growth rate even though we'll be selling them each year, we would 
hope increasing numbers of brewers and obviously, growing the installed base. But the other key driver of K-Cup 
demand is this expanded set of beverage opportunities. 

So both of those are very, very important. Obviously, right now it's brewer adoption that's driving that demand. But 
we're very pleased with our new beverage efforts. In fact, the Café Escapes has more than kind of exceeded our 
expectations to the point where that along with some scale up issues, we've struggled a bit on that particular product 
line to meet all of the demand. But the net-net is new product, which we believe from our consumer direct data to be 
largely incremental consumption, being very, very important in driving overall K-Cup demand. And we expect and 
anticipate additional opportunities like that. 

<Q - William Chappell>: Great. And then I just remembered one last one. Anyway to track kind of with your new 
initiatives, the percentage of K-Cups that are non-coffee at this point? 

<A - T.J. Whalen>: Bill, this is T.J. again. As I kind of look backwards here when the system – when the Keurig 
System first produced only coffee, we saw an opportunity to expand that to tea. And that was by and large incremental. 
And now tea represents eight or 9% of the system volume. 

As we think about new beverage opportunities, obviously what we're shooting for is new consumption occasions, new 
needs dates with a lense to driving incremental usage. And what I can say about early efforts here with Café Escapes 
and Perfect Iced Tea looking at IRI data for just the grocery channel in the holiday period would suggest that about 
12% of the K-Cups that consumers bought at grocery were Café Escapes dairy based K-Cups. So we're optimistic about 
the future and we believe that it can enhance overall system volume. 

<Q - William Chappell>: Great. Thanks so much. 

Operator 

Moving on from Dougherty & Co. to Greg McKinley. 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Thank you. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hey Greg. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Hey Greg. 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Good afternoon. Real quickly Away From Home is the topic we haven't really talked much 
about so far but you clearly are experiencing some rebound there. Can you give us a sense for the order of magnitude to 
which the – sort of return of that market is contributing to brewer placements? 


<A - David Manley>: Hi Greg, this is Dave Manly. Thank you very much for asking the question. I can tell you that 
we have a bet on whether an Away From Home question comes up and I just won it. 

In any case I cannot tell you the magnitude of the growth that we had in Away From Home, but I will say it was 
substantial. In double-digits – very high double-digits, let's just say that. We grew the business despite the fact that we 
did not see the economy really turn around, so it's more our efforts that grew the business rather than the economy. 

We did a couple of things in the business, the first is we focused on the small office segment, where you may not know 
but there is about five million offices in United States and about 80% of them are small offices. So really – we really 
tuned up our marketing message towards the small office in two ways. 

First we launched new price points, making us a much more competitive and affordable for people in small offices to 
get a Keurig brewer. And secondly we took those price points and products and put them of Keurig.com and started 
selling direct to end user small offices and we saw a really, really strong return there. 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Okay. 

<A - David Manley>: But it wasn't just small office, we also saw a big growth in large offices as we restaged our 
flagship large office brewer and so we grew there as well. And, I think – I'm pleased to say I think the growth will 
continue in future quarters. If you go to slide 15 in the deck you'll see a brand new brewer we're introducing right now 
called the B-155 brewer for small and mid-size offices, has a lot of unique features. 

So the story I would say is the economy hasn't rebounded yet but we're growing and if the economy comes around it 
should be even better. 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Okay. Great, thank you. And in terms of – I know we are not prepared to talk about price 
points, but you said Cuisinart will be priced – sort of positioned at the premium segment. Is that suggesting that that 
will be priced above some of the mid to higher priced Keurig branded brewers? Or is there going to.... 

<A - John Whoriskey>: Hi, Greg. 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Hi. 

<A - John Whoriskey>: Hi, this is John Whoriskey, Greg. Yes that's correct. 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Okay. And then finally just Fran from sort of a housekeeping standpoint, can you talk a 
little bit about gross versus net sales in each of your two business units. 

And then maybe finally comment on where we are from an efficiency standpoint. You talked about efficiencies realized 
with the ramp-up of the new high speed K-Cup lines, sort of what was achieved there relative to potential of those 
manufacturing efficiencies? 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Okay. Greg, in terms of the housekeeping question, Keurig's gross 
sales this quarter was 254.5 million. And then the inter-company eliminations, once again that's, you eliminate the 
royalty income from the sister company and any sort of brewer sales that were made from Keurig over to the Special 
Coffee business, that was $36.7 million eliminated to get to the $217.8 million. 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Great. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: The Specialty Coffee business unit, which now includes Timothy's, 
gross dollars were – hold on I got to add Timothy's here – a minute, that was $192.9 million. The inter-company 
elimination was 61.3 million to get down to the – what was it, I think it was 130? 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: 131. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: There are a lot of K-Cups going to Keurig from 
Specialty Coffee business unit, which kind of may go back to an earlier question that Mark was asking... 


<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah that goes back to, I think – right, where Mark was asking so. 
<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Yeah. 
<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Once again the Specialty Coffee business unit manufactures the 


K-Cups sells them over to Keurig, Keurig then sells it to the retailer. So all the retail sales are... 
<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Are gone through Keurig. 
<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Are booked through the Keurig division on the net sales number. 
<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Yeah, perfect. And then just little color on the... 
<A - R. Scott McCreary, President, SCBU>: Greg, Greg... 
<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Oh go ahead... 
<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: On the efficiency. 
<A - R. Scott McCreary, President, SCBU>: Yeah, I will just finish off. Hi, Greg, this is Scott. On the manufacturing 


efficiencies, this quarter... 
<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Yeah. 
<A - R. Scott McCreary, President, SCBU>: ...this quarter was particularly strong, because the sales were strong and 


we fully utilized our capacity. It did help us gain high efficiencies there. There is a benefit with the higher speeds, but 
then it's also full utilization of the system. The challenge we have at these growth rates is that we also have to make 
significant investments in more new lines, hiring more people and that's where we'll make big investments in the back 
half of this year to be prepared for the continued growth. 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Okay. So there'd be some temporary ebb and flow as capacity catches up with demand and 

vice versa? 
<A - R. Scott McCreary, President, SCBU>: Yeah. I think that's a good way to look at it. Coming between now and 
the end of our fiscal year, we anticipate 11 new high-speed packaging lines being purchased and installed and staffed 
versus the 27 that we have today. So, it's a significant investment and a large number of people that will be coming on 
board. 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Thank you. 
<A - R. Scott McCreary, President, SCBU>: Thank you. 


Operator 

And we have time for one final question coming from Tony Gikas with Piper Jaffray. 

<Q - Anthony Gikas>: – taking my question. Maybe could you just update us a little bit on increased distribution 
opportunities and what's happening at Wal-Mart following the holidays now, do you anticipate getting some more shelf 
space, rolling out more brewers? And then maybe just a quick update on K-Cup tie ratios? 

<A - John Whoriskey>: Hi, Tony. This is John Whoriskey. I'll speak to your question regarding Wal-Mart. We had – I 
would consider it to be a successful holiday season. This is the first Christmas season we've had with Wal-Mart and the 
business is progressing nicely and we would see certainly some continued expansion opportunities as we start to allow 
that retailer to mature further with our business. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. Let me also if I might in that first part of your 
question, have Jim talk about our grocery distribution, which is also I think pertinent to your question in very important 
way. Jim? 


<A - James Travis>: Yeah, sure. Hi, Tony, Jim Travis. The continued growth in grocery now is exceeding 10,000 
stores. The universe of grocery as many know is up to 33,000 and so we're really expanding fast. I think the evolution 
of the grocery channel over time is going to lead us to more of these four-foot sets. Right now we're in about 1,500 
locations with the four-foot set. So this is going to be an evolution as we continue to grow 12 count K-Cups across the 
country, as well, just building on what John is doing at Wal-Mart. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah and then Tony, I think you – did you ask about 
tie ratio, did I hear you right? 

<Q - Anthony Gikas>: Correct. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, just a quick couple of comments on that. That 
was what I articulated a bit earlier, as we have over a year ago began to rethink our business in terms of increasing our 
share of household, non-alcoholic, non-carbonated beverage consumption, we really want to try to encourage not only 
adoption by household, but ideally we would like each household to purchase multiple brewers. 

We would like them to have a brewer in their kitchen, we'd like to have them have one in their lower level office, at 
their vacation home, at their weekend getaway, whatever it may be, so that whenever they are in need of a beverage, 
hot or cold as we expand our line that we are positioned to provide that opportunity. 

So tie ratio is not particularly important; it's the overall demand of K-Cups. And recall that we are not really 
subsidizing the brewer. We sell our At Home Brewers at approximately breakeven, but we're not subsidizing. That was 
a very important decision that we made several years ago. 

So to the extent that the consumer wants multiple brewers that's their money, if we were investing in that brewer, if we 
were putting it in their home for free, then that tie ratio would become very important, but we're not. So when a 
consumer buys a brewer that is their capital investment, if you will. So what we're trying to do is expand total 
consumption and if you want more on that, I'd be happy to address it later, but that's how we're thinking about it. 

<Q - Anthony Gikas>: Okay. Do you think you – I mean do you have a feel for the number of – are we still pretty 
close to two K-Cups per household per day utilized? I mean is there a – has there been a measurable increase or 
decrease in the last three to six months? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No, we do track it and we've not seen any significant 
movement either way. I think as we've said the Mini, of course, depending on how it's used, if it's used as a primary 
brewer, it is – we're seeing very similar consumption per brewer per day on the Mini. If it's used as a secondary brewer, 
if it's in that, obviously, weekend getaway, it's not being used everyday. But fundamentally as brewers are being used 
as primary brewers, we're not seeing too much change – we're not seeing any change in our data and we'll continue to 
track it. 

<Q - Anthony Gikas>: Okay. Great job and good luck guys. Thanks. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks, Tony. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you very much. Appreciate it, Tony. 

Operator 

And Ms. Rathke, back to you. 

Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer 

This is Larry. It's certainly been a pleasure to talk to you about our past quarter, which was truly outstanding, and our 
plans going forward. Our new reports is – will also soon be available to our shareholders and it will be posted on our 


website at least by Monday. And we certainly appreciate your interest in our company. We encourage you to read the 
annual report and certainly our Chairman's letter and my letter, I think you'll find it will give you some helpful insights. 
Thank you for joining us today. 

Operator 

And that concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


