Q3 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Suzanne DuLong, Vice President Investor Relations and Corporate Communications 
• Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer 
• Michelle Stacy, President, Keurig 
• R. Scott McCreary, President, SCBU 
• John Whoriskey 
• T.J. Whelan 
• Jonathan Wettstein 
• Jim Travis 
• T.J. Whalen 
Other Participants 

• Mitch Pinheiro 
• Mark Astrachan 
• Scott Van Winkle 
• Gregory McKinley 
• William Chappell, Jr. 
• Bryan Spillane 
• Jon Andersen 
• Alton Stump 
• Tony Brenner 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day and welcome, everyone, to Green Mountain Coffee Roasters Fiscal 2010 Third Quarter Release Conference 
Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call 
over to Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications, Suzanne DuLong. Please go ahead. 

Suzanne DuLong, Vice President Investor Relations and Corporate 
Communications 

Thank you, Justin. Welcome, everyone. Today's press release is available on our website at www.gmcr.com. Also on 
the Investor Relations portion of our website, we provide a slide to summarize and supplement much of the information 
we'll discuss on today's call. I urge you to view these slides as they contain key messages about our data and our 
performance. 

This afternoon's call will consist of prepared remarks from our President and CEO, Larry Blanford; our CFO, Fran 
Rathke; President of our Keurig Business Unit, Michelle Stacy; and President of our Specialty Coffee Business Unit, 
Scott McCreary. 


Following the remarks, we'll open the call to questions from the sell-side analysts. Due to time constraints and to ensure 
we have the opportunity to address everyone's question during the call, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. 
If time permits, we will revisit the queue for follow-up questions. 

Finally, I'll remind everyone that certain statements will be made today, which are forward-looking within the meaning 
of securities laws. Owing to the uncertainties of forward-looking statements, our actual results may differ materially 
from anything projected in these forward-looking statements. We can give no assurance as to the accuracy, and we 
assume no obligation to update them. For further information on risks and uncertainties, please read the company's SEC 
filings and the paragraph in today's press release that begins with the words: Certain statements. 

And now I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Larry Blanford. 

Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Suzanne. And thanks to everyone on the call for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that in addition to 
delivering another solid quarterly performance, we made good progress in recovering from the low brewer inventory 
position we found ourselves in during Q2, and we're making excellent progress in our preparations for holiday 2010. 

Our third quarter net sales of 311.5 million represent year-over-year growth of 64%. We continue to drive strong net 
income growth, generating non-GAAP improvement of 82%. Non-GAAP EPS increased 58% to $0.19 per share in the 
third quarter, from a comparable $0.12 per share in last year's third quarter. 

Our fiscal third quarter results do include Diedrich's financials for a portion of the quarter as we closed our acquisition 
of Diedrich Coffee on May 11, 2010. Integration into our Specially Coffee Business Unit is going well, as Scott will 
talk to in more detail in his remarks. 

Success of the Keurig Single-Cup System continues to drive our growth with system-related revenue accounting for 
86% of our total revenue for the third quarter. Within the quarter, there were shipments of 683 million K-cup portion 
packs system wide, representing an increase of 72% over the same period last year. 

There also were 846,000 brewers shipped system wide, with Keurig-branded brewing technology, including brewers 
shipped from our license partners, Breville and Cuisinart. This compares to 444,000 brewers shipped system wide 
during the third quarter of fiscal 2009. Michelle will talk to brewers sell-through and market share in her remarks. 

We are very pleased be able to deliver strong financial performance while remaining true to our purpose to transform 
the way the world views business. In fact, we don't believe one is possible without the other over the long-term. Among 
our CSR-related accomplishments in the quarter, we were pleased to be chosen from among hundreds of submissions 
from around the world and be included in McDonald's 2010 Global Best of Sustainable Supply, where we were 
selected for our efforts to fight poverty and hunger in our coffee supply chain. 

With respect to financial performance, we believe there are several key drivers of value creation behind our success to 
date. These drivers include: brewer adoption, increased portion pack consumption, multi-channel distribution, and 
international expansion. I'll talk to our progress along each of these drivers in the most recent quarter. 

First, we are focused on driving continued adoption of the Keurig Single-Serve Brewing System. We estimate Keurig 
brewers are in approximately 4.5% of U.S. households which own a coffeemaker or brewer. As consumers become 
increasingly aware of and interested in the convenience, quality and value represented by the Keurig Single-Cup 
System, we see opportunity for continued brewer adoption and expansion of the installed base. 

Along with growing recognition of the Keurig brand, we believe our partner brands Breville, Cuisinart, and Mr. Coffee, 
offering Keurig-brewed technology will help drive incremental system awareness and adoption. We're also excited 
about the introduction of Folgers Gourmet Selections and Millstone brands of premium coffee in K-Cup portion packs. 
Looking forward, we believe we have significant opportunity to increase the number of Keurig households, though the 
law of large numbers will slow the growth rate of brewer shipments in the United States. We do expect, however, to 
add more new households to our installed base in fiscal 2011 than we will this year in fiscal 2010. 


In addition, our efforts to grow our office and hospitality penetration are important contributors to driving brewer 
adoption and Michelle will talk more to those efforts in her comments. 

Second, we are working to increase portion pack consumption by introducing new beverages that increase 
brewer-usage opportunities. We are pleased with the initial success of our new line of Brew Over Ice beverages, 
including new Brew Over Ice tea and iced coffee varieties. Now Keurig users have an opportunity to enjoy on-demand 
refreshment and we have an opportunity to expand our consumption of K-Cups. We offer a wide variety of iced coffees 
and Perfect Iced teas with newly launched items such as Southern Sweet Tea and Half-and-Half, which is a mixture of 
iced tea and lemonade. 

You also may have noticed that just last week we began pushing beyond what consumers typically associate with 
traditional iced tea offerings with the launch of Sweet Berry Lime Green Tea and Tropical Breeze White Tea varieties. 
These new varieties are indicative of our desire and intent to compete more directly in the broader non-carbonated 
beverage category, targeting the growing number of Keurig households. 

We expect to enter new beverage categories by this fall with products that we believe consumers will really enjoy. 
These new non-carbonated beverage products will leverage our new advanced K-Cup portion pack and/or new 
beverage technology platforms. Stay tuned for more exciting news on this front. 

Our third driver of value creation is continued leverage of our multi-channel distribution strategy, where we're looking 
to expand the opportunities for purchase of all of our products. With respect to the Keurig System, our goal is to ensure 
easy consumer access to brewers and K-Cup portion packs by being wherever customers choose to shop. We expect to 
continue to expand both retail and grocery locations going forward. But we believe our ACV and dollar per point of 
ACV will become more meaningful gauges of our progress as we increase the breadth of product available within our 
existing doors. 

According to IRI data, we have reached a significant milestone with greater than 50% ACV and grocery in each of our 
five in-home regions nationwide. We continue to grow our grocery presence increasing our supermarket locations by a 
180% over the same period last year. And based on our success in U.S. grocery distribution, beginning this fall you will 
see us begin to expand K-Cup availability into Canadian grocery channels, which leads me to the last driver of value 
creation, international expansion. 

Beginning this fall, we expect to build upon the regional relevance of Timothy's World Coffee by launching a cross 
section of our brand portfolio, including Green Mountain Coffee and Newman's Own Organics followed by Tully's, 
Donut House and Café Escapes premium coffeehouse-style beverages. Michelle will speak to the solid progress we're 
making expanding Keurig brewer sales in Canada. 

In closing, a few words about our outlook. We are very focus on delivering strong fiscal Q4 results and our 
preparations for holiday 2010 and the beginning of our fiscal 2011. As indicated by our first estimates for fiscal 2011 
provided in today's press release, we continue to see strong growth opportunity and we're taking steps now to ensure we 
are well-positioned to capitalize on that opportunity. As in the past, this preparedness will require a measure of 
investment to ramp capacity and inventory. 

As our history suggests, our investments remain very focused on supporting our growth drivers. In addition, the senior 
team continues to work on enabling initiatives developed to help facilitate growth in the out years. These initiatives are 
designed to enhance consumer interest and choice and as a result our business value. And they're focused in three 
primary areas: one, identifying and pursuing new strategic partnerships, which would include potential new licensees 
and/or distributors; two, accelerating new brewing-system technology, which could include portion pack as well as 
brewer-related technology; and three, building capability to expand beverage category participation. 

We believe our success with these initiatives is key to growing our earnings and increasing shareholder value and we 
look forward to providing you details of the progress and our enabling initiatives in the weeks and months ahead. As I 
previously indicated, though coffee is and will be a critical part of our DNA, we are increasingly becoming a very 
unique single-serve beverage company. 


Now, I'll turn the call over to our Chief financial Officer Fran Rathke. Fran. 

Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Larry. As Suzanne mentioned during the introduction to this call, supplemental slides summarizing our 
financial highlights are posted to the Investor Relations portion of our website. In my comments today, I'll talk first to 
the results of the quarter before highlighting our guidance for fiscal Q4 and providing our first estimates for continued 
strong top and bottom line in fiscal 2011. Many of my comments will reference non-GAAP measures. For a complete 
GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation, please see the tables included with our press release. 

In Q3, sales of the Keurig Single-Cup System to retailers, supermarkets, consumer direct and to the office coffee 
channel continued to drive GMCR's strong sales growth. As Larry noted, Keurig Single-Cup related sales represented 
86% of our total 311.5 million sales for the third quarter in a row. 

Net sales, related to the Timothy's brand, which are included in the company's results since it's acquisition in November 
2009, represented approximately 8 percentage points of the 64% increase in GMCR's total consolidated sales. 

Also net sales related to the Diedrich brand, which are included in the company's results since its acquisition on May 
11, 2010, represented approximately 4 percentage points of the 64% increase in GMCR's total consolidated sales. 

Our gross margin was up 160 basis points over last year, to 35.2%. This improvement reflected higher manufacturing 
gross margin, as a result of the Timothy's and Diedrich's acquisitions, which drove an increase in our manufactured 
K-Cups as a percent of total system volume. 

During the third quarter, we experienced continued higher level of warranty expense and sales return related to a 
quality issue associated with certain brewer models, produced primarily in late calendar 2009. As previously disclosed, 
we implemented hardware and software changes which we believe have corrected the issue. We reached agreement 
with our suppliers and will recover approximately 6 million as reimbursement related to this issue. This recovery was 
reflected in the third quarter cost of sales as a reduction-to-warranty expense and offset a substantial amount of the 
higher warranty expenses and sales return incurred in the third quarter. 

The new FASB 141 ruling dealing with business combinations become effective for GMCR beginning this fiscal year. 
As a result, our third quarter GAAP G&A expenses include approximately 4 million of expense incurred in the quarter 
related to our Diedrich's acquisition. Our non-GAAP operating margin, which is exclusive of acquisition rate expenses 
improved to 13.5% from 12% in the prior year. Because the Diedrich transaction closed during the third quarter, this 
quarter's GAAP net income also reflects the tax effect of reversing the tax benefit of 3.2 million associated with the 8.1 
million of acquisition-related costs for the Diedrich's acquisition recorded during our first and second fiscal quarters. 

Weighted shares outstanding of 137.9 million reflect our three-for-one stock split effected May 10, 2010. Excluding the 
transaction-related expenses and the resulting tax effect, our non-GAAP net income for the third quarter of fiscal 2010 
was 25.8 million or $0.19 per diluted share, representing an increase of 82% from our non-GAAP net income of 14.1% 
or $0.12 per diluted share in the third quarter of fiscal 2009. 

Fourth quarter and fiscal year 2010 guidance, as noted in the press release, we are refining our outlook for fiscal 2010 
and these new estimates are inclusive of Diedrich's business. As always, our forward-looking statements, including the 
ones I'm about to make, are subject to risk and uncertainty and should be reviewed in that context. 

We expect total fiscal fourth quarter consolidated debt sales growth of 58 to 63% resulting in total fiscal 2010 
consolidated net sales growth of 66 to 68%. We expect robust fourth quarter K-Cup shipments. As a result, we expect 
total K-Cup portion pack shipments system wide in fiscal 2010 will reflect an increase in the range of 73 to 76%, over 
fiscal 2009. We anticipate fiscal fourth quarter non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 13 to 13.5%, resulting in a 
total fiscal 2010 non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 12.1 to 12.5%, excluding acquisition-related transaction 
expenses. 


We expect fiscal 2010 interest expense of 5.5 to 6.5 million and we anticipate a non-GAAP tax rate of 39.2% for the 
fiscal year, which excludes the tax impact of expenses related to the Timothy's and Diedrich's acquisitions. We expect 
fiscal fourth quarter fully diluted non-GAAP EPS in the range of 18 to $0.20 per share, resulting in total fiscal 2010 
fully diluted non-GAAP earnings per share in the range of 69 to $0.71 per share, excluding any acquisition-related 
transaction expenses. 

The fully diluted non-GAAP earnings per share estimate of 69 to $0.71 for the 2010 fiscal year, includes 15 million 
pre-tax or $0.06 per diluted share, non-cash amortization expenses related to the identified intangibles of the company's 
acquisition. 

We expect CapEx for fiscal 2010 in the range of a 120 to 140 million, compared to our prior estimate range of 105 to 
125 million. This increase is necessary to fund our forecasted capacity expansion requirements and includes CapEx 
needs from our recent acquisitions. 

We are forecasting deprecation and amortization expenses in the range of 44 to 46 million for fiscal year 2010, 
including 15 million for amortization of identified intangibles. 

We're also providing our first estimates for our fiscal 2011. At this time we expect total consolidated net sales growth 
of 44 to 50%, over 2010. We expect total K-Cup portion packs shipped system wide by all roasters will increase in a 
range of 64 to 68%. 

Finally, we expect fully diluted non-GAAP earnings per share in the range of a $1.15 to $1.20 per share. We are 
sharing the early look at fiscal 2011 in today's press release to aid our investors, yet please keep in mind, my early 
caveats that any forward-looking statements we share involve uncertainty, meaning that actual results could differ 
materially. 

Now I'll turn the call over to Michelle Stacy. 

Michelle Stacy, President, Keurig 

Thank you, Fran and good afternoon everyone. For the Keurig Business Unit net sales for the second quarter were 

157.2 million, up 74% from the net sales of 90.1 million in the same period last year. We saw very strong brewership 
within the quarter, with 846,000 Keurig System brewers sold. As of last quarter, we had begun to report a system wide 
brewer number, which includes brewers marketed and shipped by our licensed partner brands, Breville, Cuisinart and 
going forward Mr. Coffee. 
In our fiscal third quarter, current brand brewers continued to represents the vast majority of the total system wide 
brewers and we will remain the driving brand behind the Keurig System. We're very excited to see that retail 
sell-through data from NPD shows that we continue to take share in the coffeemaker market. According to NPD for the 
quarter, Keurig remained the number one dollar share leader in the coffeemaker category, with four out of the top five 
brewers. And we remain second in terms of units. 

Dollar share grew to 24.8%, up from 16.9% a year ago and unit share grew 11.2%, up from 7.4% a year ago. NPD 
estimates the total coffeemaker category, which includes all coffeemakers and espresso makers, and it grew 15% in 
dollars when compared to the year-ago quarter. Keurig continues to drive the category growth, producing dollar share 
of growth of 69% in the same time period. 

Shares from NPD in Canada show that Keurig appears to be starting on a very similar trend. For calendar Q2 2010, 
Keurig dollar sales increased 100% in Canada versus the same period a year ago. Our dollar share in Canada was 8.6%, 
up from 5.2 in 2009. In addition, the B60 brewer, the best selling model in the U.S. is now the number one best selling 
model in the Canadian coffeemaker market, with a 5.3 dollar share in calendar Q2. 

We also remain focused on driving innovation. We're especially pleased to see the results of recently launched B31 
Mini Plus brewer. In combination with the B30 brewer, its predecessor, the two brewers rank number five in the top 
selling items, according to NPD. Thus far in the locations where it's in full distribution, sales are moving better than its 


predecessor, validating retailers' initial excitement about the product. 

To underscore Larry's point, we believe we have significant opportunity for penetration ahead and expect that with the 
help of our licensed partners, we will continue to grow our installed brewer base at a very healthy rate. We continue to 
closely monitor brewer quality and we've significantly augmented the quality procedures, including opening major 
quality centers at all production sites. Based on current data, we're seeing brewer quality on current production at stable 
and acceptable levels. 

We also continue to refine design elements to enhance consumer satisfaction and reliability. Recent consumer surveys 
indicate we continue to maintain overall satisfaction levels in excess of 90% on our reservoir brewers, a metric we 
think is critical to maintain as we look to expand our base. 

We were excited to roll out new, more efficient 18-count nested K-Cup portion pack packaging to retail in the quarter. 
Leveraging Specialty Coffee Business Unit learnings from growth rates, we've introduced this new packaging to allow 
for more products in given shelf space, while also reducing packaging waste and improving on the carbon footprint. 
We've rolled out the new packaging to Target and Wal-Mart and we expect to introduce this new nested packaging to 
the rest of our retailers over the next two to three quarters. 

On Consumer Direct, we're very proud to have keurig.com ranked as one of the top e-tailers by Internet Retailer 
Magazine for 2009. Additionally, in a consumer survey of the top 100 websites by ForeSee Results Inc., keurig.com 
was ranked as number five in overall customer satisfaction. 

Last quarter, I spoke to you about the strength we're seeing in our Away From Home business and this strength 
continued in Q3. The B150 brewer, which launched in Q2, is proving to be a meaningful accelerator to the Away From 
Home business, and is our best Away From Home brewer launch ever. 

Both Office Depot and Staples have significantly augmented their programs. An example of this is the new Keurig 
display program for the OfficePRO brewer that shipped during June to the office retail stores. Importantly, this channel 
is continuing with a successful strategy of merchandising and selling brewers, K-Cups, and accessories as a system. 
We've got photos of two in-service displays in the supplemental slide deck Suzanne and Fran referenced. 

On a separate but related note, we are working with several of our Away From Home customers and two separate 
vendors to conduct pilot programs and encourage responsible K-Cup disposal. It's early yet in the process, but we are 
hopeful that the pilot results will enable us to move forward with one in the next six months. 

Finally, we continue to make good progress increasing our penetration of up-market hotel properties. Today, they're 
more than 110,000 hotels rooms with our B130 brewer and this is driving an estimated 12 million in annual 
demonstrations of the Keurig System. 

In closing, I reiterate Larry's sentiment that we're extremely focused on holiday 2010 and on completing the 
preparations that will make for a successful holiday season for us and our customers. We expect to increase our holiday 
brand support from 14 million last year to approximately 20 million this year. 

We'll be debuting in October a new television commercial, which we expect to begin airing nationwide. And for the 
first time, we are also adding television advertising to our market support in Canada. In addition to the nationwide 
advertising, we're looking to repeat our success of last year with a heavy spend test in up to four cities. We remain very 
excited about our growth opportunities with the Keurig Single-Cup System and we'll focus on the strategic executions 
that will enable us to capitalize on that. 

Scott McCreary will share with you more detail on our Specialty Coffee and K-Cup business. 

R. Scott McCreary, President, SCBU 
Thanks, Michelle. The Specialty Coffee Business Unit delivered another fantastic quarter, as we continued to drive 
Keurig Single-Cup brewer and K-Cup portion pack innovation and adoption, increasing our sales to 154 million, up 


54% over the same period last year. Our multi-channel distribution model continues to drive momentum across all our 
channels and receive particularly strong growth within in-home and retail resellers. 

We continue to see consumer preference shifting to single-cup brewing over other preparation methods. Based on IRI 
data, over the past 12 months, K-Cup's drove 80% of the total coffee category growth. We've expanded K-Cup 
availability at supermarket locations, adding roughly 1300 doors in the quarter and bringing our total supermarket store 
count to 13,450. 

New distribution is a key objective and equally important is the success these products are having as they gain 
placement. The latest IRI data shows that in total U.S. grocery, dollar sales of K-Cups continue to outpace sales of most 
major specialty coffee brands, K-Cup sales in grocery are up approximately 250% versus this time last year, with sales 
growth outpacing our actual ACV distribution gains. 

In other words, we're seeing increasing velocity. We have expanded our 12-count K-Cup grocery line with several 
product introductions ,including our first seasonal K-Cup in grocery, Green Mountain Coffee Island Coconut, our first 
launch of Brew Over Ice into the grocery channel with Perfect Iced Tea, lemon and raspberry flavors, as well as the 
introduction of our popular Donut House coffee and Donut House Decaf. In addition to our growing supermarket 
presence, wholesale club stores continue to be a fast growing channel for the Specialty Coffee Business Unit and have 
allowed us to leverage our growing family of brands across North America. 

As Michelle mentioned, we're seeing accelerated growth in our Away From Home channel across both business units. 
Our portion pack business is strong and growing at a higher rate than last year, in both large and small offices. Also we 
recently launched new wholesale website business and continuity program, Business Coffee Express, and are very 
pleased with the results to date. 

In addition to our progress by channel, we continue to focus on beverage innovation. As planned, we've expanded our 
selection of Perfect Iced Tea in K-Cups under the Celestial brand. Since last quarter, we've launched four new varieties, 
including Southern Sweet Tea, Sweet Berry Lime Green Tea, Sweet Tropical Breeze White Tea and Half & Half, 
which is half lemonade and half iced tea. 

A new 22-count variety pack over the four original Perfect Iced Tea varieties is also launching in our Consumer Direct 
and Away From Home channels. We've also launched our line of iced coffee K-Cups during the quarter, introducing 
Green Mountain French Vanilla and Nantucket blend and Donut House regular and Vanilla Iced Coffee. 

We have a great platform to test these products with our Consumer Direct business, and online customer reviews of the 
new Brew Over Ice K-Cups are very positive. These new varieties are seeing good early consumer acceptance. Of the 
125-plus K-Cup varieties sold on our direct website, 6 of the top 20 items are already Brew Over Ice K-Cups. 

While innovation is clearly driving our product development, it also is key to our CSR efforts. In collaboration with 
International Paper, we launched an eco-friendly hot cup lid made from polylactic acid, a renewable resource to 
complement the eco-friendly cup we introduced together in 2006. 

Furthering our commitment to Fair Trade, we announced that we are converting two of our most popular and 
widely-distributed varieties, Our Blend and Vermont Country Blend to be Fair Trade Certified in time for National Fair 
Trade Month in October 2010. Importantly, this conversion allows Green Mountain Coffee to make an even greater 
positive impact on small-scale farmers, while driving additional consumer awareness of Fair Trade. 

This is a very exciting time to be at GMCR and the biggest challenge we face going forward continues to be managing 
and enabling our growth, optimizing multi-site production and distribution for our rapidly growing business and 
increasing the complex products. That clearly presents challenges, but we believe it also presents great opportunity for 
efficiency gains, while will be a focus for us in 2011. 

We continue to invest in our capacity across all our production sites to ensure that we provide the variety of fresh high 
quality products and excellent customer service that is always been one of our competitive advantages. We've added 
several new production and packaging lines in the last quarter, with still more coming online in the next 12 weeks. We 
continue to work closely with our production line manufacturers to prepare for our capacity needs for the two-year 


horizon. 

We're off to an excellent start with the integration of Diedrich Coffee, with many important milestones behind us on 
our work plan. The Specialty Coffee Business Unit is also focused on delivering performance for the balance of this 
fiscal year and heading into a successful holiday 2010 and 2011 fiscal year with strong momentum. We're energized by 
our success with new product developments and we'll continue to drive brand strength and strong consumer 
relationships into next year. 

On that note, I'll turn the call back to Larry. 

Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Scott. Fran, Michelle, Scott and I are joined today by several members of our management team for the Q&A 
portion of today's call. From our Keurig Business Unit, we have John Whoriskey, General Manager of the Home 
Division; Dave Manly, General Manager of the Away From Home Division. And from our Specialty Coffee Business 
Unit we have T.J. Whalen, Vice President of Marketing; Jim Travis, Vice President of Sales and Jon Wettstein, Vice 
President of Supply Chain Operations. 

As Suzanne stated at the start, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. If time permits, we will revisit the queue 
for follow-up questions. Operator, will you open the question queue. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from Mitch Pinheiro of Janney Montgomery Scott. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: Hey, good afternoon I guess. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hey, Mitch. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: Hello, there. One question is tough, so it will be one topic here, just. Is there any impact, I 
mean or can you estimate the impact on let's say refilling store level inventory on the brewer side in this quarter? Is 
there any estimates of that? And then related to that, is there any impact on K-Cups on the channel fill through the new 
distribution at grocery? 

<A - John Whoriskey>: Hi, Mitch, this is John Whoriskey, I'll handle the first part of that question. Yes, we would 
estimate the impact to be roughly 75,000 units, which is really just kind of a catch up from the really the very strong 
sales that we had over the holiday season and now we're really back to building our inventory levels at retail to where 
they need to be. So with that, I'll turn the other question over to Jim Travis. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think T.J. 

<A - T.J. Whelan>: Hi, Mitch, this is T.J. In relation to grocery, we've been reporting fairly consistent gains in both 
distribution and rate of sale and so we don't see anything out of the ordinary or kind of off-trajectory in terms of either 
of those factors. We continue to build grocery distribution and we continue to see sales accelerate above and beyond 
that. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: Okay. Well, staying true to the one question, I'll get back in the queue. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. Okay, Mitch, thanks for your cooperation. 

Operator 


And we'll take the next question from Mark Astrachan of Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Mark Astrachan>: Hey, good afternoon, everybody. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hey, Mark. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Hi, Mark. 

<Q - Mark Astrachan>: Just trying to understand the mix benefit to K-Cup pricing from, I guess, a few things like the 
shift to grocery, ownership of Diedrich and Timothy's, and then pricing increases that you've taken. And then related to 
that trying to also understand sort of the mix decrement from a brewer sales standpoint, since it just seems like the 
average brewer pricing is declining. Is that, that you're selling more Minis? Did the out-of-stock push more Minis? 
How do I think about that, I guess, in terms of the impact in the June quarter and on a go forward basis? And then just a 
housekeeping question related to that, just the contribution from Diedrich and Timothy's in the quarter and also the 
inter-company sales by segment if you could give that, please? 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Mark, this is Fran. In terms of the brewers question on the average 
selling price, the – in Q2 and Q3 of this year we started reporting our – in our brewer shipments also what our licensed 
brewers are also selling. So the brewers – obviously, we don't benefit from having any top-line dollars from those 
brewers. But they're in the, obviously, the brewer shipments. So I don't know if that's something in your calculations 
that's changing your number. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. Mark on the – this is Larry, on the portion 
packs outside of, of course, what we would be selling direct to the consumer through either keurig.com or 
greenmountain.com, we strive to achieve roughly the same margin on portion packs as we sell them across the 
channels. There are some slight differences, it's not dramatic and I would say as I think about your question, we've had 
some movement kind of each way. So I don't think there's much in the way of impact on margin due to channel mix of 
K-Cup sales. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Mark, this is Fran again. I also think you asked about the 
inter-company eliminations. 

<Q - Mark Astrachan>: Yeah, and the contribution from Diedrich and Timothy's in the quarter, please? 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Okay. In terms of the inter-company eliminations for the Keurig 
Business Unit, we eliminated from their gross sales 42.5 million of sales and for the Specialty Coffee Business, 
including Timothy's and Diedrich's, that was 72.6 million of inter-company sales. And as regards to the impact on top 
line, the Timothy's brand added approximately eight percentage points of the 64% increase in consolidated sales. And 
Diedrich, where we owned them, about half the quarter, they added four percentage points of the 64% increase in sales. 

<Q - Mark Astrachan>: Thank you. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: You're welcome. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

And the next question will come from Scott Van Winkle with Canaccord Adams. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Scott. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: Congrats on the momentum. I guess this question is probably for John. I'm wondering if you 
could kind of give us an idea of where in-store inventories are now of brewers relative to where you'd like them to be. 
There was commentary that they're certainly back and building. And then will the pace of sell-in for the holidays be 
radically different than last year, given the experience of selling out before the holidays? 


<A - John Whoriskey>: Hi Scott, it is John Whoriskey. I would say that we are continuing to build our inventory 
levels to levels that retailers would expect to be at this year. And then obviously as we get prepared for the holiday 
season, we're building rapidly our own inventories. And at the same time we'll be building our retailer inventories as we 
get into the fall season, with the expectation that we are going to continue to exceed our own expectations on brewer 
sales, given the increased support that we're going to be seeing from all of our key retail partners with increased SKU 
assortments and increased advertising and merchandising support, which we will drive with our $20 million of 
spending for the holiday season. So we're going to see great continued strong demand for our product through the 
holiday season. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: And if I could just follow up, because John I was hoping you were going to give me an exact 
number you're going to ship now. But last year just looking at Q3 to Q4, brewer shipments were up 60% and I know 
that there was 75,000 incremental in three. But that type of growth, if that were replicated would be, I think, a very – 
probably a number well above what anybody is expecting for Q4. I just want to make sure, is it going to be the same 
type of pattern? Or is it building sooner this time? 

<A - John Whoriskey>: No, I think the pace of which we will build will be similar in terms of timing and I really can't 
comment on the unit growth. Also I would just add that we're expecting some very good sales in the introduction of our 
Mr. Coffee Keurig-brewed product this fall, along with continued support from Cuisinart, as well as Breville is going to 
complement our sales as well. So I really I don't want to comment on the total, but we would expect with those brands 
supporting our product and retailers providing support across all of our licensed partners that will drive significant 
incremental business as well. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: Great, thanks. 

Operator 

And the next question will come from Greg McKinley with Dougherty & Company. 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Yeah, thank you. I'm wondering if we could talk just a little bit about two different topics. 
Number one, help us understand a little bit your commodity positioning right now as it relates to what's happening with 
spot prices. How far out you're purchased on your coffee and how that might impact your P&L over time, if those 
prices were to sustain at a high rate. 

And then, Larry, I know at the beginning you talked about exploring new partnerships and new brewer technologies. I 
know at this point you're not prepared to get into a ton of detail on that, but is that – how should we think of that in the 
context of the company having just bought a couple licenses? And is this changing the way you're – reflecting a change 
in the way you're looking at license partners? 

<A - Jonathan Wettstein>: Hi Greg, this is Jon Wettstein, I'll speak to the coffee cost question first. Our policy for 
some time now has been to fix out in the range of six to nine months forward for our coffee contracting. And with that, 
we as, I'm sure many on the phone have seen market not come down when it might traditionally do that after midway 
through the Brazil harvest and not seeing risk of frost, so we're watching this very closely. The benefit of our having 
forward coverage like this is it does give us the chance to see if the market movements are longer-term trend or 
short-term trend and then with the forward coverage, while we do have some time to assess then what we might want to 
do after we've seen that for a bit. 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: And was there a poor harvest in a couple of areas of the world that are causing some of 
this? Is it really supply related or are you – why do you think the move has occurred that's happened? 

<A - Jonathan Wettstein>: I think there are various views on the physical potential. We certainly know we're in the 
middle of the larger harvest right now in Brazil, but what the market is doing and telling us as I look forward that 
there's an anticipation of potential tightness. And we'll see how that really unfolds in that course, on top of the traders 
that are in the business, and there's always a potential for others to be very involved into – in some ways exaggerate 
market move. So I think what again, we have the time to watch the market for longer and think about how this might 


affect us. 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Thank you. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Greg, this is Larry. On your other part of your 
question, with respect to partnerships, nothing specific, as you suggested, to talk about at this point. But I wanted to 
communicate the notion that we at the senior level continued to work on enabling initiatives. And by enabling initiative 
as we continue to define it and describe it, these are significant initiatives that may not drive sales or earnings in the 
few quarters after we announce them, but certainly help to ensure our growth going forward or facilitate our growth 
going forward. So, examples, last June we announced the partnership with the Cuisinart and Mr. Coffee brands, so 
obviously, those didn't immediately drive any sales or numbers or earnings numbers, but now Cuisinart is in the market 
and we're certainly anticipating Mr. Coffee's entry. 

Likewise the announcement we made with respect to Smucker's I think in February, middle of February and we're 
anticipating now, several quarters later, the advent of the Folgers Gourmet Selections and Millstone brands. So we will 
continue at the senior level to think about the future and continue to identify and work on those partnerships or 
technologies or enabling capabilities that will help facilitate that growth as we go forward. 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Great, thank you. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And the next question will come from Bill Chappell of SunTrust. 

<Q - William Chappell, Jr.>: Good afternoon. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hey, Bill. 

<Q - William Chappell, Jr.>: Like Mitch, I'll try to stay on one topic, but just to make sure I understand the return and 
warranty expense issue. I'm trying to understand the $6 million recovery. Is that offsetting incremental charges you saw 
this quarter or offsetting charges you saw last quarter? And I guess if it's new charges, then are you expecting 
incremental charges in your guidance for the fourth quarter? And if it's last quarter, then were you expecting some kind 
of recovery when you gave this quarter's guidance? I hope that wasn't too confusing. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Bill, this is Fran. In terms of this quarter, we did incur incremental 
charges this quarter for warranty and returns and the 6 million is offsetting that, not all of it, but some of – the majority 
of it. And we believe we have fixed this problem, if you will. And in terms of our guidance for Q4, I would say we're 
comfortable with our normal run rate, if you will on warranty and sales return and that's factored into our estimates. 

<Q - William Chappell, Jr.>: So just to net out, I mean, was it meaningful what the incremental hit was this quarter 
versus what you recovered? 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: It was, the net amount in the P&L after the offsetting the 6 million 
reimbursement was about a penny a share. 

<Q - William Chappell, Jr.>: Okay, great. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Hit P&L. 

<Q - William Chappell, Jr.>: And just like. I'm staying on topic, are there any further production issues on the 
K-Cups that dragged into this quarter? And will they drag into next quarter? 

<A - R. Scott McCreary, President, SCBU>: Hi, this is Scott McCreary. We've continued to invest in our K-Cup 
capacity and, in fact, as we reported last quarter, we are hiring at a faster rate getting our people in place and trained 
and ready to go for the fall. So I feel that we're making appropriate investments to be ready for a very successful fall 


season coming up. 

<Q - William Chappell, Jr.>: I remember there were some material issues that or just raw material issues, is that... 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, no. 

<A - R. Scott McCreary, President, SCBU>: Thank you for clarifying that. Yes, on the Café Escapes line, which has 
been quite well-received by consumers, we continue to work closely with our suppliers to scale up their capacity. So it's 
a supply issue. We have also been working with some second suppliers to further increase our capability. And so that's 
a high priority for us. We'll continue to push on that hard and then I feel confident of our ability to support the channels 
that we're in now. And then we'll determine, based on our suppliers capacity, whether we expand to more channels. 

<Q - William Chappell, Jr.>: Great. Thanks, so much. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks, Bill. 

Operator 

And the next question will come from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hey, Bryan. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: Hi, good afternoon, guys. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Good afternoon. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: One clarification and one question. Just of the 846,000 brewer ships, just how many were 
licensed – shipped by licensed partners and how many were shipped by Keurig? 

<A - Michelle Stacy, President, Keurig>: Hi, Bryan this is Michelle. At this point we are now only going to be 
reporting our brewer sales along with our licensed partners. So we're not going to be providing that breakout into the 
future. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: Okay, thanks. And then Larry or Scott, just in terms of how you're interfacing with grocery 
retailers, can you talk about, one, as you introduce K-Cups that sort of move you further away from coffee, will they be 
placed in the coffee aisle? Or will there be K-Cups potentially in different parts of the grocery store? 

And then I guess related to that, as Folgers begins – and I'm assuming they've already begun to do a sell into grocery 
stores, is there going to be a coordinated sort of sales call around K-Cups where you'll be making the sales call with the 
retailer – or to retailer with Folgers? Or is that right now still kind of being handled as two separate sales call? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Bryan I am going to let our expert on those 
topics speak to those questions. Jim Travis, 

<A - Jim Travis>: Sure, hey, Bryan. It's, Jim Travis. Just wanted to I guess start with the first part. The challenge will 
be and has been a little bit convincing the coffee buyer that they need to share that space with tea and Café Escapes, 
which are both kind of outside of the – are very much outside of the realm of coffee. But as we talk about the system 
and the system sale that the consumers are coming to look at, they understand that the value of these K-Cups being 
placed together on the shelf really is where they need to head. 

So far we've been fairly successful. We've had a few of our retailers kind of get off the reservation, but they quickly 
find out that they had a lot more success by bringing these K-Cups together on the shelf. 

And then the second part of your question was around Folgers and the Millstone and Folgers Gourmet brands. Those 
are being handled by their sales team, which is led by the Smucker's group, as well as their broker organization. And I 
anticipate they'll have great success. 


<Q - Bryan Spillane>: At this point you don't just on the getting back to the first part. It's just you don't want – at this 
point you want the K-Cups, regardless of what's inside the cup, you want them to be in the same section. You're not 
looking to expand K-Cups in the different sections of the store? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Bryan, this is Larry. Yes, that's absolutely 
right. In the first instance, we want them all merchandised together as Jim pointed out. Now having said that, if we 
achieve that, there very well could be other opportunities to merchandise different portion pack products, particularly as 
we push into some new categories in other parts of the store. In addition to the overall display of all of the portion 
packs together in the coffee aisle. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: All right. Thanks. 

<A - Michelle Stacy, President, Keurig>: I'd like just to build on what Larry was saying that in several of our major 
retailers we not only have our brewers merchandised with both our coffee and our accessories in the appliance aisle, but 
we then also have a presence of K-Cups in the coffee aisle. So in those major retailers, we actually have the System in 
one place in the coffee and all other branded K-Cups in the coffee aisle. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: Those would be retailers like Target that have both general merchandise and grocery in the 
same – under the same roof? 

<A - Michelle Stacy, President, Keurig>: Correct. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: Okay, all right. Thank you, very much. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you, Bryan. 

<A - Michelle Stacy, President, Keurig>: Thanks, Bryan. 

Operator 

And moving onto Jon Andersen with William Blair. 

<Q - Jon Andersen>: Good afternoon. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hey, Jon. 

<A - Michelle Stacy, President, Keurig>: Hi, Jon. 

<Q - Jon Andersen>: One quick question. At this point in the year, I would assume you have pretty good insight into 
your major retail customers' kind of sets or plans for the holidays. Just wondering maybe Larry or Michelle if you could 
comment on your kind of expectations broadly for enhancements in terms of SKU count space, marketing support this 
year for 2010 as of compared to last year? 

<A - Michelle Stacy, President, Keurig>: Hi, this is Michelle, Jon. We absolutely see almost all of our major retailers 
increasing the presence of our brands in the store. I think first of all we see the addition of our licensed partners on this 
shelf, which increases the number of brewers that are there. We're seeing an increase in the number of K-Cups that are 
on shelf, this is actually really helped by our transitioning to the nested K-Cup packaging, which allows the retailer to 
put more facing. And one example of a major retailer, we've seen almost 100% or greater number of facings going into 
the store with the addition of the nested packaging. It also, the nested packaging, is allowing us to face more different 
types of beverages as we continue to grow our facing. So we're seeing increased support in terms of the number of the 
adds that we're getting from them as well. So we really expect that it's going to be a very exciting holiday season for us 
and this is clearly also being supported by our incremental media spend, and our incremental demo and merchandizing 
spend. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Jon this is, Larry. If I could just tag onto 
Michelle's comment. First, that the nesting really is strategically important, given that we are driving these other 


beverages. So as she mentioned, it really opens up the opportunity to get all these Brew Over Ice products and other hot 
beverages like Rev, et cetera, on the shelf, and very, very important. 

And then I would also just add in addition to the retailer support that Michelle articulated, well, again, I would 
underscore that we would fully expect that our new partners Cuisinart, Mr. Coffee, and Smucker's behind Folgers 
Gourmet Selections and the Millstone brands will be also adding overall promotional and advertising weight to the 
whole system of advertising and awareness build that we're expecting this holiday season. 

<Q - Jon Andersen>: Thanks. That's helpful. 

Operator 

And moving on to Alton Stump with Longbow Research. 

<Q - Alton Stump>: Thank you, good evening. 

<A - Michelle Stacy, President, Keurig>: Hi, Alton. 

<Q - Alton Stump>: Could you just talk a little bit about the upcoming holiday season. Obviously, we're still a couple 
months away, but you guys have seen very nice growth acceleration in the last couple holidays in a row. Is there any 
view point at this point looking ahead as to if consumer spending power does improve, if you can hold that type of 
growth acceleration? Or if you're looking for it to moderate this year versus prior years. 

<A - Michelle Stacy, President, Keurig>: Hi, Alton, this is Michelle. I think that one of the things that we do see just 
due to the law of large numbers is that the growth percentage is going to moderate a little bit year-over-year, but what 
we will be doing is increasing the absolute number of brewers that we're selling in the holiday season, quite 
substantially. Not only ourselves, but the addition of Cuisinart and Mr. Coffee, along with Breville, it's really going to 
be a substantial increase in the total number of brewers sold this holiday season versus last holiday season. 

<Q - Alton Stump>: Okay, thanks. That's helpful and then I guess one quick follow-up. Is – and this might be hard to 
have the answer as well, but have you noticed any difference in the K-Cup consumption for the Cuisinart brewers 
versus your regular models? 

<A - John Whoriskey>: No. Hi, this is John Whoriskey. I would just say that we really haven't seen any substantial 
change in that and as we look at our reservoir brewers as opposed to the Mini brewer, we would say the consumption 
still is working out to roughly be about two cups per day in that household and that trend seems to be holding steady. 

<Q - Alton Stump>: Okay. Good, thank you. 

Operator 

And the next question comes from Tony Brenner with Roth Capital Partners. 

<Q - Tony Brenner>: Thank you. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hey, Tony. 

<Q - Tony Brenner>: I have a question regarding your capacity. Your K-Cup sales are growing at 60 to 70% and are 
projected to do the same thing next year. You did have a capacity issue in the previous quarter. You referenced some 
new lines that are coming on-stream and that recently have come on-stream. But as you look at them at the next, let's 
say two or two-and-a-half years. Can that demand be met simply by adding additional packaging lines to your existing 
facilities? Are you going to need new facilities? If so, how quickly might you require those? And what sort of financing 
might be required in order to do all that? 


<A - R. Scott McCreary, President, SCBU>: Hi Tony, this is Scott McCreary. Thanks for your question. The nice 
part about our investment model is that we're able to do it incrementally to support the growth of the business and what 
we've done with our facilities like Sumner, Washington and Essex, Vermont is we've leased those facilities and then 
added capacity as we needed, and then staffed up accordingly. So we can do it in steps, in small steps, to keep up with 
the growth of the business. We are looking three to five years out at the growth projections and mapping out our plans 
to support the overall capacity. We will need, as we look out beyond three years, to add facilities and square footage to 
support the growth of the business. 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Tony, this is Fran. Just to add to in terms of financing. We're 
constantly looking at our long and short-term cash requirements in terms of specifically capital. We have a very 
efficient application of capital, as Scott noted, about 80 to 85% of our CapEx is really all about packaging lines, nesting 
lines, roasting. And in terms of financing that kind of need, we have very good access to the bank group in terms of our 
pro rata group. And as we look out the next few years, we're using our free cash flow right now on CapEx, but that 
starts turning in the next few years. So we're very comfortable and confident about financing that through either cash 
flow or our credit group. 

<Q - Tony Brenner>: Okay, thank you. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you, Tony. 

Operator 

And we'll take a follow-up question from Mitch Pinheiro with Janney Montgomery Scott. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hey Mitch, you did get back in line. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: I promised you. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: You did, thank you. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: So hey, just following up on Tony's question. You guys generally say your capacity is 
generally one year ahead of what like sort of you need. So just looking at your guidance K-Cups growth will be 
somewhere shy of 4 to 5 billion, 4.8 billion as I calculate it. Is that where – Jon, is that where your capacity will stand 
when you get done this fiscal year? Or are you going to have to grow into that? Or maybe it's Scott's question. 

<A - Jonathan Wettstein>: Mitch, this is Jon. Thanks for your follow on question. We're in the range of 37 high speed 
equivalent packaging lines installed now, another six this summer, another five after that before the end of the calendar 
year. And that'll put us, well, in just great position to support numbers in the range of what you've calculated for this 
next year. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: Was the depreciation expense increased for 2010? The D&A, was any of that related to the 
portion pack – packaging equipment? 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: Mitch, this is Fran. In terms of the increase on that estimate, a lot of 
that is due to the acquisition from, the Diedrich's acquisition and then a little bit of Timothy's, but mostly due to that. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: Okay, so nothing to do with any... 

<A - Frances Rathke, Chief Financial Officer>: In our prior guidance, we didn't have Diedrich's in there. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: Okay. Another question is marketing. Where do you think you're going to end up in marketing 
expense for 2010? And then where, if there's any preliminary marketing spend for '11 embedded in your guidance? 

<A - Michelle Stacy, President, Keurig>: What I will say, this is Michelle, that we shared was that we will be 
increasing our holiday brand spending from 14 million this past year in fiscal 2010 to a holiday spend of approximately 
$20 million in holiday 2011. That's the brand spend on the Keurig business and I think that's what we've shared so far 


as it relates to our holiday spending. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Mitch, this is Larry. On a consolidated basis, 
we don't breakout our marketing spend for the consolidated business. I can just tell you that it is within pretty much on 
target with our annual plan for our 2010 year. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: Well, what's actually interesting, I mean, it's, I mean, $20 million is not a big, it's not a big 
brand spend. Is this something where you've just been able to find highly efficient uses of your spending? Or it's and a 
$6 million increase on a business doing 1.3 billion in revenue, is a rather modest increase. Is there, how do you think 
about your marketing, I mean? 

<A - Michelle Stacy, President, Keurig>: On the 20 million it's – let me say that, given that we are spending it in a 
very concentrated period that begins around middle October and runs through the middle of December, that's actually a 
very substantial spend. And last year, that spend generated a very significant increase in overall awareness. And we 
went from unaided awareness of – aided awareness of 20% all the way up to 40%, which is virtually doubling the 
number of consumers that were aware. The other real advantage that this brand has it's just a tremendous strength of 
those people who already own a Keurig unit. And one of the things that our research actually tells us is those 
consumers who purchased a Keurig brewer at the last Christmas season have already recommended or influenced two 
incremental purchases of Keurig brewers to either friends or family. So one of the other things that we get that allows 
us to spend more efficiently, is a tremendous level of word of mouth and passion around our product. 

<A - T.J. Whalen>: Mitch, this is T.J., just to build on Michelle's comment. As you can imagine the figures that were 
referenced for a very efficient TV program are also augmented by a number of other activities that you're familiar with. 
We have a robust Consumer Direct program. We do quite a bit of nontraditional advertising, a lot of sampling and 
demonstrations that all build upon the awareness that is being driven by TV and it's all designed to kind of work in 
concert, but still, as you say, at fairly modest and highly efficient levels. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Mitch, this is Larry, just to add one another insight 
here. Certainly with respect to driving the awareness of the Keurig brewing that's a national now, North American 
basis. And we're also certainly spending and plan to increase our spend in '11 behind our flagship brands on the 
beverage side, Green Mountain Coffee and Tully's. But as we introduce a number of these new beverages, one of the 
interesting things is the efficiency with which we can potentially reach those consumers, because as we introduce say 
Brew Over Ice beverages, we're not having to go out and tell all households in North America. 

We only have to focus on the Keurig households. So we drive overall awareness of the brewer and it's about great 
coffee one cup at a time. And then once that household has bought into the brewing, the Keurig brewing system and 
our Green Mountain and Tully's flagship brands, we then have the opportunity to approach them with all these all other 
beverages. So the launch of these new beverages can be very, very efficient from a marketing expense spend 
standpoint. 

<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: Okay. And then last question just revolving, Larry, around sort of your three maybe 
longer-term focus points. And you mentioned you have new strategic partnerships that involve capacity for the other 
beverage categories participation. But I guess the middle one, the new brewing technology, can you – I wasn't quite 
sure what you're saying. Is this – where is this technology going? Is it just enhancements to what's out there now? And 
then maybe we have a – would there be a new product cycle? Or is this – could you expand on that a little bit? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Mitch, I wish I could expand on it in the way 
that you want me to. I would just say that, look we – first of all, on the brewing system technology, both the brewer, 
package equipment, portion pack, we've got a fantastic and dedicated team at Keurig spending every available minute 
of their working time to develop and advance our technologies. 

I think at the senior level we certainly are trying to provide significant support to them and also are in a position to 
potentially reach out and touch other opportunities that could be synergistic with the core work that is already going on 
within the Keurig Business Unit. And we are doing that, and I am excited about some of the things that we're looking 
at, and hopefully in the not too distant future we'll be able to talk about some of those. 


<Q - Mitch Pinheiro>: Okay. All right, well, thank you, very much. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And our final question will come from Scott Van Winkle of Canaccord Adams. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: All right, thanks. Iced coffee, obviously, you had iced tea for the whole quarter. Did the iced 
coffee launch get out early enough to have any material impact on kind of the seasonal trends in coffee sales? 

<A - T.J. Whalen>: Hi Scott. This is T.J., thanks. Yeah, the iced coffee came out in June. So really kind of tail end 
here, of the quarter. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: And can you talk a little bit about kind of the acceptance of that product among the Brew 
Over Ice. I would assume that's your assumption, it's going to have the most significant near-term impact anyway. Is it 
going into all channels? Is it at this stage more relegated to the online channels? 

<A - T.J. Whalen>: Hi Scott, T.J. again. Yeah, we're really excited about the iced coffee. Consumers are, in my 
estimation, picking it up and enjoying it. If you take a look at the reviews on our website people are really tickled by it. 
I think Scott McCreary referenced that a good chunk of our top 20 K-Cups SKUs online are now Brew Over Ice. 

We are measuring our rollout to make sure that the product is performing in the way that we hope it will. And as we 
build our confidence with that we will look to expand distribution right now. But I think early where it is a high level of 
consumer acceptance and in the channels where it is available at retail, I think it's going very positively. 

<A - John Whoriskey>: Hi, Scott, this is John Whoriskey. I would just comment that we did have some very good 
success right out of the gate with our – some of the retail partners that we launched with. It was a limited launch and we 
saw very good results, and we really look to build and expand upon that for our spring program in 2011. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: And the Travel Mug, the Brew Over Ice, the Rev, are they all utilizing the new technology 
of more volume of coffee into the K-Cup? Are they all on the same kind of platform? 

<A - T.J. Whalen>: Yes Scott, this is T.J. Yes, they do and it's a – it allows for the, basically the same dimension of 
the portion pack, but there's considerably more coffee in there. And so the consumer is getting, frankly, great value 
from these products. If you think about what a consumer typically paid in away-from-home environment for a decent 
sized iced coffee, we're really allowing them to get the same benefit at the press of a button, for a fraction of the price. 
And so we think it's a very compelling proposition. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And tastes great, if I might add. This is Larry. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: Great, thank you. 

<A - Michelle Stacy, President, Keurig>: Thanks, Scott. 

Operator 

And that does conclude the question and answer session. I'll now turn the conference back over to you for any 
additional or final remarks. 

Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Well, it's certainly been a pleasure to speak with you about this past quarter and our plans going forward. We 
appreciate your interest in GMCR and we thank you, very much for joining us today. So I would invite you to go have 


a Brew Over Ice coffee. Thanks again. Bye. 

Operator 

And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation today. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


