Q2 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Suzanne DuLong 
• Lawrence J. Blanford 
• Frances G. Rathke 
• Richard Scott McCreary 
• Michelle Stacy 
• John Whoriskey 
• T.J. Whalen 
• TJ Whalen 
Other Participants 

• Mitchell B. Pinheiro 
• Akshay S. Jagdale 
• William B. Chappell Jr., CFA 
• Bryan D. Spillane 
• Scott Van Winkle CFA 
• Gregory John McKinley 
• Mark S. Astrachan 
• Jon Andersen 
• Tony J. Brenner 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon, and welcome to the Green Mountain Coffee Roasters, Incorporated Fiscal 2011 Second Quarter 
Conference Call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time I'd like to turn the conference over to the 
company's Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications, Suzanne DuLong. Suzanne, please go 
ahead. 

Suzanne DuLong 

Thank you, Sara. Welcome, everyone. Today's press release is available on our website at www.gmcr.com. As noted in 
the press release announcing today's call, we've elected to provide our prepared remarks in advance of this call. These 
remarks were furnished in a Form 8-K, along with today's press release, and are available on the SEC website at 
sec.gov, as well as in the Events link of the Investor Relations portion of our website at gmcr.com. These published 
prepared remarks will not be read on today's call. We've adopted this format in an attempt to provide clear and concise 
information, and also to be more efficient with our investor and analyst times, and with our time together on today's 
call. 

As you've seen in a separate press release today, we have announced the intention to offer approximately 7.1 million of 
primary shares of our common stock in an underwritten public offering. Due to security law restriction, we will not be 
discussing the offering or answering questions regarding the offering on this call. We appreciate your respecting these 


guidelines in the Q&A session. 

On today's call our President and CEO Larry Blanford will provide some introductory remarks reviewing the quarter's 
results and our business. Following Larry's remarks we'll open the call to questions from the sales side analysts. Several 
members of our management team are with us today for the Q&A session, including Fran Rathke, our CFO: Scott 
McCreary, President of our Specialty Coffee Business Unit; Michelle Stacy, President of our Keurig Business Unit; TJ 
Whalen, Vice President of Marketing for the Specialty Coffee Business Unit; and John Whoriskey, General Manager of 
the Keurig At-Home Division. 

Due to time constraints and to ensure we have the opportunity to address everyone's question during the call, we ask 
that you limit yourself to one question. If time permits, we will revisit the queue for follow-up questions. 

Finally, I'll remind everyone that certain statements will be made today which are forward-looking within the meaning 
of securities laws. All of the uncertainties of forward-looking statements, our actual results may differ materially from 
anything projected in these forward-looking statements. We can give no assurance as to the accuracy, and we assume 
no obligation to update them. For further information on risks and uncertainties, please read the company's SEC filings 
and the paragraph in today's press release that begins with the words certain statements. 

And now I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Larry Blanford. 

Lawrence J. Blanford 

Thanks, Suzanne, and hello, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today to discuss our fiscal second quarter results. 
We believe healthy, post-holiday, in-store brewer inventory levels and positive word-of-mouth from enthusiastic 
Keurig owners combined to double consolidated sales in our seasonally strong fiscal second quarter versus same 
quarter prior year. 

We believe sales in the quarter also benefited from customer orders in preparation for our first time ever spring 
advertising and promotion plans targeting the moms, dads and grands – grads gift-giving season. Recently we launched 
nationwide television advertising to be supported by in-store demonstrations and other merchandising, all emphasizing 
brewed over ice as another way to use the Keurig Single-Cup brewing system. 

Approximately 82% of consolidated net sales in the second quarter were from the Keurig brewing system, and its 
recurring K-Cup portion pack revenue stream, including Keurig-related accessory sales. This percentage is down from 
recent periods as a result of the addition of the Van Houtte revenue to the consolidated sales. 

Our Canadian Business Unit, created following the acquisition of Van Houtte on December 17th, 2010 and currently 
encompassing the former Van Houtte business, contributed $100.5 million to consolidated net sales, representing 
approximately 16% of total sales in the quarter. 

GMCR's non-GAAP earnings per diluted share increased 131% to $0.48 in the second quarter of fiscal 2011 from 
$0.21 in the second quarter of fiscal 2010. When compared to our second quarter fiscal 2010 our fiscal second quarter 
2011 results benefited from our previously announced price increase as well as favorable brewer warranty comparisons 
and improved leverage of SG&A expenses. 

Most importantly, based on our most recent surveys, consumer sentiments around the Keurig brand remains strongly 
positive. Based on consumer research we recently conducted the passion Keurig owner's feel about their brewers is a 
significant driver of system adoption. In fact, word of mouth is the single biggest adoption driver. Brewers beget 
brewers. As a result, retailers also continue to be excited about the platform. This excitement was evident at the 
International Housewares Show in March. 

As many of you know, many of our retail customers begin to firm up holiday plans during the March timeframe. All of 
our top accounts are actively planning fall merchandising and promotional calendars and view the Keurig Single-Cup 
System as a significant growth driver for their stores. 


We've already begun working with our contract manufacturer to ensure we will have manufacturing capacity to support 
anticipated brewer demand. We also continue to make good progress with distribution of K-Cups in the grocery 
channel as indicated by increasing store counts, improved ACV and increased presence and placements within existing 
doors. 

In terms of our K-Cup portion pack production capacity, on-shelf product availability has improved though we 
continue to experience some spot outages. We continue to install equipment and capacity to meet demand including 
ramping production for our new relationships. In fact, in recent weeks we have repeatedly hit new records of portion 
pack production. 

Turning to our business value drivers and enabling initiatives, which we – which are summarized in our published 
prepared remarks, there are three items I wanted to address directly. First on increasing portion pack consumption; 
ahead of the hot summer months and peak ice tea and iced coffee drinking season we are launching our Brewed Over 
Ice varieties broadly across retail and grocery this spring. 

With the support of nationwide TV advertising and significant promotional support we expect more Keurig owners will 
embrace Brewed Over Ice as their preferred way to prepare the perfect ice tea or iced coffee at home. In the meantime, 
our Beverage Development Group has been hard at work, and we are very excited about the new beverage products 
we've got in the pipeline. 

Second, on geographic expansion; I'm pleased to report that the integration of Van Houtte is proceeding as planned. We 
believe we have a significant opportunity to leverage assets and brands and our people in Canada and have tasked our 
new Canadian business unit with the mission to focus their efforts on driving the Keurig Single Serve System. 

Finally, touching on enabling initiatives, one of our key strategies is to align with the strongest coffee and beverage 
brands to support a wide range of consumer choice and taste profiles in the Keurig Single-Cup brewing system. 

The second quarter saw a lot of work brought to fruition with the addition of Dunkin' Donuts, Starbucks and most 
recently, just following the close of the quarter, Swiss Miss to the Keurig Single-Cup brewing system. We are very 
excited about these new relationships and already have begun implementing the production capacity that will be 
required to support them. 

In addition to expanding consumer choice in the system, these relationships are likely to fuel new excitement by Keurig 
owners and users, raise system awareness and attract new consumers to the system. 

While we do not expect to disclose the financial terms associated with these relationships, we can say that the high 
level economics are such that going forward we expect our business model will be fairly indifferent to sales of 
GMCR-branded versus partner-branded K-Cup portion cups. That said, we will of course continue to work to drive 
sales of our flagship brands within the system. 

Before closing, I also want to touch on rising coffee costs and the effect of our business. Like others in the industry, we 
are closely watching coffee prices. When we announced our last price increase in September of 2010, coffee prices had 
increased roughly 30% from $1.45 to $1.90 per pound over the course of roughly three months. Since then, costs have 
continued to escalate, recently hitting historic highs of more than $3 a pound, a nearly 60% increase since September. 

In attempt to offset rising green coffee costs, as well as increases in other input costs, we are currently in the process of 
raising prices for all packaged types. We expect that consumers will see an increase of approximately 10% at the 
point-of-purchase as the result of this price increase. We expect to see the full benefit of this price increase during our 
fiscal fourth quarter of 2011. 

We generally fix the price of our coffee contracts three to nine months prior to delivery so that we can adjust our sales 
prices to the marketplace. Last quarter, we noted that for our remaining two fiscal quarters of fiscal 2011 we had locked 
in roughly six months coverage at fixed prices. At this point, we have locked in 100% of our needs for the remainder of 
the fiscal year, and nearly all of our needs for our first fiscal quarter of 2012. Interestingly, while we are seeing a few 
unique coffee sources where supply is tight, generally supply conditions for coffee are good. 


In closing, we are clearly very excited about the remainder of the year, as evidenced by our increased revenue and EPS 
guidance. We are forecasting continued strong demand into our fiscal third quarter but we do not expect our operating 
leverage to be as strong as it was in our second quarter for two primary reasons. 

First, as a result of continuing escalating coffee costs, we will have higher coffee costs in Q3 versus Q2 without the full 
benefit of an offsetting price increase. Second, we will have higher SG&A spend in Q3 related to our spring advertising 
and promotion behind Brewed Over Ice. 

We do believe we are in the early stages of potential Keurig Single-Cup brewing system adoption in North America, 
and continue to work to scale our operations, processes and work force to meet both the current and expected demands 
of the business. 

Operator, we will now take questions from our sales side analysts. As Suzanne stated in the introduction, we ask that 
you limit yourself to one question. If time permits, we will certainly revisit the queue for follow-up questions. Operator, 
will you open the question queue? 

Q&A 
Operator 

Thank you, Mr. Blanford. [Operator Instructions] From Janney Capital Markets, Mitch Pinherio. 

<Q - Mitchell B. Pinheiro>: Hey. Good afternoon. Hey. One question is tough. I guess does your current guidance, the 
new guidance, include the anticipated follow-on offering? 
<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Mitch, this is Fran. Yes. 
<Q - Mitchell B. Pinheiro>: Okay. It does. And – and just as it relates to that, it includes your – and it obviously 


includes a 10% price increase? 
<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Yes. 
<Q - Mitchell B. Pinheiro>: And that's on top of the roughly 10% price increase that you've been getting that you just 


sort of implemented in February? 
<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Mitch, this is Fran. Yes. 
<Q - Mitchell B. Pinheiro>: Okay. All right. Thank you. I'll get back in queue. 
<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: We'll let you get by with those three questions, Mitch, because there were one-word 


responses. Next. 


Operator 

Next we'll hear from Akshay Jagdale with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: Hey, Akshay. 
<Q - Akshay S. Jagdale>: Hi. Congratulations on the quarter end results. 
<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: Thank you very much. We appreciate that. 
<Q - Akshay S. Jagdale>: Just one question that I would want to ask is on capacity. You increased your CapEx 


guidance. Can you give us a sense of where that money is going to? My guess is it's on roasting capacity. And if I may, 
just if you can talk to the strategic rationale behind doing this, the equity offering, as it relates to your balance sheet. 
That'd be helpful too. That's two, but sorry, I couldn't limit it to one. 


<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: So, I'll start with the first one and turn it over to Scott and then Fran will deal with the 
second one. The brief answer is the increase in capital is primarily for continued production capacity. Scott, do you 
want to provide a little color on there? 

<A - Richard Scott McCreary>: Yeah. We've made good progress over this last quarter on catching up on our 
customer's demand. And so we're feeling good about our preparation going into the fall. And that's where a significant 
portion of that capital will go to, to continue to prepare us for another good holiday season. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: All right. And then your second question with regard to the offering, Fran. 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: This is Fran. In terms of the equity offering, as we noted in our press release, the company, 
we intend to use the net proceeds to repay our outstanding debt and de-lever fairly significantly. And I think overall 
over the long-term, this helps us in terms of being able to respond to the momentum and demand we see in the 
business. 

<Q - Akshay S. Jagdale>: Okay. I'll get back in line. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: Thank you. 

<A - Richard Scott McCreary>: Thank you. 

Operator 

From SunTrust, Bill Chappell. 

<Q - William B. Chappell Jr., CFA>: Good afternoon. 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Good afternoon, Bill. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: Hey, Bill. 

<Q - William B. Chappell Jr., CFA>: How are you? I will try to keep it to one. Just trying to dig back into the 
warranty expense issue; I know it was down year-over-year, but I think last year you had an unusually high warranty 
expense. Can you give us an update of where that stands to be improved sequentially and the outlook going forward? 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Sure, Bill. This is Fran. In terms of the points you raised, last year's second quarter, as we 
noted in our press release, we had a high warranty expense last year when we had the early stage issue on – and then so 
this year our second quarter the warranty expense is lower than what it was last year's Q2 on a rate basis. 

In terms of the sequential pattern, Q2 '11's warranty rate is consistent with the Q1 warranty rate. What we experienced 
this quarter is a bit of a sales mix in that compared to last quarter Q1 the mix of the brewers is different so that, for 
example, the warranty rate relative to the brewer sales this quarter has come down compared to Q1. But the actual rate 
per brewer model have not come down, they're consistent with last quarter. 

<A - Michelle Stacy>: In addition, one of the things that you'll be seeing in the warranty rate – this is Michelle Stacy, 
Bill – is the fact that we've done a program to cost reduce the brewers that we use for warranty return in that they're no 
longer going to be in a shelf-ready box. And we've removed several of the promotional materials inside the box. And 
believe it or not that was actually a substantial cost reduction on those brewers. And that's also reflected in our warranty 
return rate in Q2. And that's part of the reason it's down. 

<Q - William B. Chappell Jr., CFA>: Okay. I'll get back into queue. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: Okay, Bill. 

Operator 


Next we'll hear from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. 

<Q - Bryan D. Spillane>: Good afternoon, everybody. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: Good afternoon. 

<Q - Bryan D. Spillane>: Just want to make sure I understand the, not the seasonality, but whether – how much sales 
actually might've been pulled forward in response to the spring merchandising. I think on brewer sales it looked like the 
MPD data was running at about a plus 60% or so rate. And so – and I think your brewer sales in the quarter were up 
over 80%. So is that an order of magnitude just maybe the differential in terms of trying to compare this year to last 
year? Is that extra 30% or so roughly account for a little bit of a new seasonal pattern because you're going to have 
some spring merchandizing? 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: I think we'll take this together. I'll start it and John Whoriskey will follow up. First of all, 
one of the things to be cautious about is the MPD database does not reflect all of our customers. In fact, several of our 
customers are not included in that base. So you can't really make those direct comparisons from one base to the other. 
We did not pull forward any sales at all. The general demand is what we see. We fill our customers' orders as they 
come in. And they were not building any excessive inventories at all at retail. John, do you want to comment a little bit 
about that? 

<A - John Whoriskey>: Sure. This is John Whoriskey. I would say that the momentum of coming out of Christmas 
and the momentum of the brand is really driving our performance. And I think it's indicative of our shipment results 
and our results that you read in MPD. And I think that's just the nature of the acceleration of adoption of the product is 
really what we're seeing. There's no pulling forward of shipments to do anything other than react to the demand and 
make sure we have adequate inventories in place to meet the demand for the period. 

<Q - Bryan D. Spillane>: Does that mean... 

<A - John Whoriskey>: Clearly, our advertising is, the four weeks of advertising in advance of Mother's Day, is at the 
same rate levels as we were over the holiday period for a 12-week period, so that's certainly going to drive more sales. 
And that's what we expect we're going to be seeing. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: Yeah, Bill, or Bryan. I'm sorry. This is Larry. Just two quick adds; in that second 
quarter, we went in to that second quarter with much better brewer inventory than we have in prior years. We've 
struggled coming out of Christmas the last couple of years because we've sold everything. And we were in a better 
position going into this quarter. And then secondly, remember the Brewed Over Ice products are really trying to drive 
new occasions for beverage consumption which really is the focus of our beverage development effort, so adding to 
consumption. 

<Q - Bryan D. Spillane>: Just so I'm clear on this, I had the impression that because you're doing merchandising this 
spring and running advertising this spring that you didn't do last year, that retailers would be carrying more inventory 
because there's an expectation they'll sell more. Is that right or not? 

<A - John Whoriskey>: No. This is John, again. I would say that I think the inventory – certainly we're building a 
little bit more inventory to meet the demand. But it's not any substantial number that's affecting what we did in the 
quarter, if that's your question. 

<Q - Bryan D. Spillane>: All right. Yeah. So the shipments are – I'm sorry. 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: I'm sorry, Bryan. What I would say is I would build on that is that retailers are keeping a 
consistent week's supply or week forward coverage on the business. Obviously, as our business grows, retailers are 
continuing to grow their inventories to keep about the same number of weeks forward coverage. We don't see a 
substantial increase in the week forward coverage that our retailers are carrying. 

<Q - Bryan D. Spillane>: Got it. So the shipments more or less reflect where demand is right now? 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Absolutely. 


<Q - Bryan D. Spillane>: All right. Thank you. 

<A - Richard Scott McCreary>: One last build, and then we'll – this is Scott McCreary, the Brew Over Ice aspect of 
the seasonality that you mentioned is real and that we do see that as an incremental consumption of casing. So those are 
new products that weren't as broadly distributed last year. 

Operator 

Next, from Canaccord Genuity, Scott Van Winkle. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle CFA>: Hi, everyone. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: Hey, Scott. 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Hey, Scott. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle CFA>: You know following up on a question, a couple questions ago about the warranty 
expense, I'm not sure I followed completely where it was consistent per brewer, but still sell. Can you – can you clarify 
that a little bit? 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Sure, Scott. This is Fran. I think for example the – one of the brewer reservoir – the 
reservoir brewers has – for example, one of them has a fairly significantly higher warranty rate relative to some of the 
other ones. So we didn't sell as many in the mix, the sales mix of those, this past quarter and trailing four months or so. 
So relative to the – the rates are similar that we're having on the warranty rates. But in terms of what we have to 
provide as an expense for the estimative warranty, it came down as a percentage of the total sales because the sales 
were made up of the different brewer model mix. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: Which had different warranty experience. 

<A - Richard Scott McCreary>: So it was mainly a mix issue. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle CFA>: And that kind of ties into the question that I wanted to ask about if you – the MPD data 
you provide in your prepared remarks show a disparity between revenue growth year-over-year and brewer unit 
shipments year-over-year. And it looks like there's an upgrading of the average brewer that consumers are purchasing. 
Is that a shift towards reservoirs away from mini? Or is the B40 pushing up more towards the B60, B70? And is there 
any implications of consumers spending a higher dollar amount per brewer and therefore getting a higher quality 
brewer? 

<A - John Whoriskey>: Yeah. Hi, Scott. This is John Whoriskey. I would have to say that there are a two things that 
affect the dollar increase relative to the unit increase, and relative to our share is that you know the market is growing 
and our share is growing. And one is – you know both of those are driving our numbers. But I wouldn't say that there is 
a significant mix difference in the make up of our brewers. And we did have a price increase that was effective in 
February that would – you know, would raise somewhat that number. But that wasn't in effect for the full quarter. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle CFA>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

From Dougherty & Company... 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: Thank you, Scott. 

Operator 


Greg McKinley. 

<Q - Gregory John McKinley>: Thank you. Wondering if you could help me a little better understand trends in sales 
returns. I think on the last quarter you indicated that you had bolstered that sales return provision, but you were seeing 
some maybe directionally positive trends in terms of the reserve rate. And then in context of that, the degree to which 
you've now begun shipping brewers with the component fix. How – to what degree is that in the retail channel today or 
actually making its way into consumers' homes? And how should we think about that change ultimately allowing you 
to think about provisioning rates differently that might impact margins? 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Sure. Greg, this is Fran. I'll take the first part of the question. In terms of the sales return 
rate sequentially, we definitely are seeing improvement, improved or lower rates of sales returns. And so therefore that 
impacted favorably this quarter our rate relative to the Q1 2011. And I think that is – we're feeling good about this as 
that tends to be an early indicator of the performance of our brewers for consumers. 

<Q - Gregory John McKinley>: And then in terms of the brewer component getting through the supply chain? 

<A - Michelle Stacy>: So this is Michelle. We've put into place many different quality measures over the past year. In 
fact it's been one of our most – our largest initiatives internally was to continue to improve the overall quality and the 
way we measure quality. We had one significant change that happened in the October production period and another 
that happened at the end of the month of December. So those brewers are now flowing into the production. We are very 
confident, based on all of the testing that we're able to do that these brewers reflect improved quality performance. 
However, we're going to maintain the warranty return rate for the moment until we have firm data that we can support a 
reduction in the warranty return. 

What we've also been able to do is to go out and measure consumer satisfaction. And we're really pleased to see that 
our consumer satisfaction on all of our brewers is top two box greater than 90%, and have stayed very consistent with 
how we've measured it in the past. So we're really pleased with the progress we're making in this area. But it is an all 
out effort to continue to improve our quality and to ensure that all of the consumers are delighted by their experience 
with Keurig. 

<Q - Gregory John McKinley>: Thank you. I'll jump back into the queue. 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Thanks, Greg. 

Operator 

Next we'll hear from Mark Astrachan with Stiefel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Mark S. Astrachan>: Good afternoon, everybody. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: Hey, Mark. 

<Q - Mark S. Astrachan>: Hello. Wondering if you could comment on the increase in inventory days and the 
decrease in days payable, and then if you're feeling generous, just two housekeeping questions. You're now excluding 
deferred financing costs in non-GAAP earnings, so what is that amount? And was it previously included? And what is 
the go-forward assumption for the tax rate? 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Mark, this is Fran. In terms of your first question about inventory, our inventories are about 
$300 million at the end of March 2011 compared to about $100 million a year ago. The $200 million increase, about 
$35 million of that is due to having Van Houtte on board. And also last year we didn't own Diedrich's either. I don't 
have the exact number there, but that's probably $10 million to $15 million. And then in addition, the majority of the 
increase is definitely coming from brewers, brewer dollars. 

And I think when we look back on last year's – coming out of the holiday season we were extremely low on inventory, 
brewers. And this year we've made a concerted effort to have in our inventory an appropriate level to keep supporting 


our customers. There was also some increase in K-Cups, but most of the growth in the inventory is the brewers. And 
also another more smaller piece is our actual coffee inventory. We're green coffee because as we noted, the sea's up so 
tremendously. That's also added dollars to our inventory over last year's March quarter. Second question you had about, 
I think you mentioned accounts payable, I'm sorry? 

<Q - Mark S. Astrachan>: No, financing. 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Okay. So I think you wanted to know in our non-GAAP table, the deferred financing costs, 
I'm just looking over our Q3 guidance. The reason we have in our guidance mentioning deferred financing costs is the 
write-off of the refinancing the credit facility. That was in the non-GAAP table. So I believe refinance, that's something 
we have to write-off. 

<Q - Mark S. Astrachan>: And the tax rate too, please. 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: The tax rate? I'm sorry, Mark could you repeat your question on the tax rate? 

<Q - Mark S. Astrachan>: Yeah. What you assumptions are for the go-forward tax rate. 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: I think overall, last quarter I think we gave guidance of about 38.5%. And I think that's 
what we see as our overall effective tax rate this quarter. We mentioned we had a benefit of about $0.02 a share benefit 
that we don't expect to recur. 

<Q - Mark S. Astrachan>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Next we'll hear from Jon Andersen with William Blair & Co. 

<Q - Jon Andersen>: Good afternoon and thanks. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: Hi, Jon. 

<Q - Jon Andersen>: Hi. I had a quick follow-up on price. Is the price increase, the additional price increase limited to 
K-Cups and are you seeing any cost inflation in other areas of business that might necessitate some pricing action, say 
on brewers? 

<A - T.J. Whalen>: Hey, Jon, this is TJ. I can answer that first part of your question. No, the price increase is not 
limited to just K-Cups. We're taking that across all of our package types, if that helps you. And then relative to cost 
inputs on other parts of the business... 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: So, on brewers we do have some cost inputs that have been increasing that warranted 
taking our brewer price increases on February 1st, and at this point we're going to hold with those price increases for 
the remainder of the year. 

Operator 

Next, we'll hear from Tony Brenner, Roth Capital Partners. 
<Q - Tony J. Brenner>: Thank you. 
<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: Hey, Tony. 
<Q - Tony J. Brenner>: Good afternoon. 
<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: Good afternoon. 



<Q - Tony J. Brenner>: I would like to drill down a little on the capacity issue. A couple of quarters ago, Larry, you 
said that you expected to be able to meet K-Cup demand for the next three years without building an additional new 
facility, simply by expanding capacity in any new lines at your existing facilities. I suspect, given the number of 
partners you've recently taken on, that's probably not true any longer. But I wonder if you could update your K-Cup 
capacity plans and give us some indication as to proportionately what kind of an increase year-over-year in capacity 
there might be in fiscal 2012? Thank you. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: Yes, Tony, I'll start and then, maybe, Scott will jump in. I don't recall the comment 
about no new facilities. 

<Q - Tony J. Brenner>: Well, it's in my notes, so it must be true. 
<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: I'm sure that your notes are as you wrote them. What I would say is that, as we approach 
this current holiday season, we have no new sites for the holiday. We are expanding square footage at a couple of our 
factories and, otherwise, this year our focus is on installing the roasting modules and packaging equipment to support 
the upcoming holiday season. As we look out for the next couple of fiscal years, we will need additional sites. And we 
have efforts underway at this time to locate those new sites. And they will be significant. 


<Q - Tony J. Brenner>: Okay. Can you drill down a little into what significant means in terms of year-over-year? 
<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: Yeah. Significant in terms of I would say in terms of initial site acquisition being of a 


square footage that would be similar to our Knoxville site. In Knoxville we've got 335,000 square feet. And I would 
expect that or a bit larger, but... 
<Q - Tony J. Brenner>: How many lines are there in Knoxville? 
<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: I'm sorry? 
<Q - Tony J. Brenner>: How many lines are there in Knoxville? 
<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: We don't provide that information. But you know it certainly is an important production 


facility. 
<Q - Tony J. Brenner>: Do you give plant tours? Just kidding. 
<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: No, we don't provide plant tours. But... 
<A - Richard Scott McCreary>: Maybe someday. 
<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: Yeah, maybe someday. 
<Q - Tony J. Brenner>: I see. 
<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: Okay? 
<Q - Tony J. Brenner>: Well, I guess it'll have to be. Thank you. 
<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: Okay, Tony. Thank you. 


Operator 

Next we'll hear from Mitch Pinheiro with Janney Capital Markets. 

<Q - Mitchell B. Pinheiro>: Yeah. Hey; a couple follow-up questions. So the K-Cup revenue is up 94%. I assume if I 
look at your Q, there was some intersegment sales from the Canadian Business Unit of $16.4 million. Is that all K-Cup 
revenue? And if I back that out would that give me sort of the organic growth rate excluding Van Houtte? 


<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Mitch, this is Fran. In terms of the growth in the K-Cups and the K-Cup dollars, included in 
the K-Cup dollars does include the majority of the Canadian Business Unit intercompany sales. That's essentially sales 
of K-Cup to Keurig. So that would be mostly K-Cups. But just one thing to point out, last year's K-Cups, or last year in 
our sales dollars of K-Cups we did not have Van Houtte at all. We did not have Diedrich's at all in our second quarter. 
And also this quarter for K-Cups we had about a 10% price increase. So that all contributed to the 94% increase in 
K-Cups sales dollars this quarter over last year's Q2. 

<Q - Mitchell B. Pinheiro>: Okay. So average selling price of the K-Cup, Q2 '11 versus Q2 '10, would that be 10%? 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: To the – well that's to our customer. That's – the 10% is to our customer. So about that I 
would say. 

<Q - Mitchell B. Pinheiro>: Okay. 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: It depends by channel and all that, but yes, I would say on average that's a good number. 

<Q - Mitchell B. Pinheiro>: Okay. And then two more questions; one relative to sort of household penetration. What 
would your survey say? How would you estimate it? Can you put some sort of range around where you think it is? 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: Yes, Mitch, this is Larry. I think what we have is that we're approximately 7% to 9% of 
the 90 million households in the U.S. which do have a coffee maker or brewer. And that's about as fine a point as we 
can put on it 

<Q - Mitchell B. Pinheiro>: And then now you have to add Canadian households to that? 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: You would have to add an estimate of Canada to that. 

<Q - Mitchell B. Pinheiro>: And is Canada under or penetrated relative to the U.S.? 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: I think it's slightly under that number, but I don't have that at my fingertips. 

<Q - Mitchell B. Pinheiro>: Okay. And then just last question, elative to margins. So, , I think you said in the past that 
2011 is going to be more of a gross margin expansion year which it seems to be playing out so far that way. And 
SG&A in total would be – you would see that much leverage. So that looks like it's continuing. Just as you look into 
2012, is there – do you start to see leverage on the SG&A line or do you anticipate continued growth in selling and 
operating expenses? 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Mitch, this is Fran. As you know, we haven't given guidance for 2012, but overall I think 
we're continuing to grow the business, invest in our infrastructure whether that's our sales, marketing, finance, et cetera, 
IT system to ensure that we're managing the business well. So I think we most likely will continue to see some leverage 
but I think we really want to ensure we're building on our team here throughout the organization to execute on – and 
ensure we're – we have the right level of support in all the various SG&A functions. 

<Q - Mitchell B. Pinheiro>: Okay. So for now, I mean it's sort of a revenue mix driven type of gross margin 
improvement? And you're still spending – did you ever give the amount – it's either marketing expense year-over-year 
for this quarter? I don't know if I heard that. 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: I don't think we have broken that out, no. I think last quarter we talked about it just because 
it's our heavy advertising quarter. 

<A - Michelle Stacy>: Right, Q2 is generally a low marketing expense quarter. I think you'll hear as we complete Q3 
we will give you a sense of how we increased our marketing spending during Q3 year-over-year where we do have a 
spring advertising program. 

<Q - Mitchell B. Pinheiro>: Okay. All, right, thank you. 

<A - Frances G. Rathke>: Thanks. 


<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: Thank you, Mitch. 

Operator 

And we'll take a follow-up question from Akshay Jagdale. 

<Q - Akshay S. Jagdale>: Thanks for the follow-up. Larry, I had a question for you regarding coffee prices more 
strategically. How do you think it impacts your – you know with the current environment the way it is on green coffee 
prices? I mean does it – what's your view on premium cup of coffee? I mean that's what you're selling. Does that help a 
company like yourself that's selling a premium cup of coffee relative to a not premium coffee? So you know drip coffee 
cup costs what, $0.05 per cup? And you guys are in the $0.50, $0.60 per cup. With the price of green coffee moving up, 
you know there's other companies that aren't increasing prices as much as you have. And they've said that that's a 
strategic advantage for them. So Starbucks has said that. I'm just curious to know how you think of green coffee prices 
strategically longer-term other than just passing them through. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: Yeah. Thanks, Akshay. I – we are – let me say it this way. You know we would prefer 
not to have to be raising prices. Our total focus really is on – at this stage in our lifecycle is driving adoption. And 
certainly you know we do get a bit concerned when we're having to raise prices of portion packs for brewers in that we 
don't want to slow down adoption of the system. The good news is, so far we can't detect in any of our normal methods 
of evaluating the market that we have seen any significant slowdown on the basis of the rise in brewer pricing and/or 
portion pack pricing. But we would very content not to have to raise prices and continue to focus on adoption. 

The way we are managing this situation is, as Scott had referenced earlier, we historically have bought coffee three to 
nine months out. When we get into a situations this volatile and with rising coffee prices we tend to go out a little 
further. We want to be able to buy out six to nine months. And what that does then is gives us enough time to 
understand what's going on in the green coffee market and then respond as we need to with pricing to try to hold our 
margins. But we would just assume not have to be going through this. 

<Q - Akshay S. Jagdale>: That's helpful. And just a clarification, when you talk about offsetting higher coffee costs, 
do you mean keeping your percentage margin the same? Or do you mean keeping the dollar profit the same? 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: Yeah. I think overall our goal with the price increase is to maintain our gross margins. 
But overtime we can't perfectly time this with the rising costs as volatile and as quickly as they've come. But I think 
overtime our goal would be to maintain our margin percent. And I think we generally have done that again overtime. In 
any given quarter it can be a little higher or a little lower depending on the timing of the rise or fall of green coffee 
costs and our response to it. But overtime, that would be our objective. 

<Q - Akshay S. Jagdale>: Okay. And one last one, Larry, you mentioned this in the press release and also in your 
prepared remarks that you believe your company is in the early stage of adoption as far as the Keurig system goes. I 
think you stopped giving out the penetration numbers specifically. Can you make any other comment that would help 
us directionally understand why you think you're in the early stages other than saying there's 90 million households and 
we're in seven? 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: Yeah. A couple of thoughts. We've never actually gone out with our estimates of what 
we think the ultimate at-home penetrations numbers might be. But as we indicated, we do believe basis both MPD data 
where we've pointed folks to our units, our growing unit share, quarter over prior year quarter, which continues to 
increase. This gives you some sense of where the penetration might be going, even though it doesn't include all 
retailers. 

And also, giving us confidence, I mentioned in my comments the recent research that we've done that does indicate that 
brewers beget brewers. In other words, that word of mouth is, it turns out to be a key driver of new brewer adoption. 
And so if you look at brewers that we are selling in any given period, we're adding more brewers over all than in the 
same period, look back the last six months versus six months prior year, where each of these comparative periods we're 
adding incrementally more homes that have more brewers. So there's just a number of things that we look at that gives 


us a high degree of confidence that we still have a lot of runway. 

<Q - Akshay S. Jagdale>: Okay. That's helpful. I will pass it along. Thanks. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: Okay. Great. 

Operator 

From SunTrust, Bill Chappell. 

<Q - William B. Chappell Jr., CFA>: Thanks. Just two quick follow-ups from some of the presentation materials. I 
guess first, you talked about the grocery progress on ACV at 83% and then also about trying to get more four-foot 
displays in there. So I'm just trying to reconcile, I don't know if you have this number, what percentage of that have the 
full display and how far you are in terms of rolling that out? It says on the sheet, 23 items per store versus 9 items per 
store. I don't know what that means compared to a four-foot set. 

<A - TJ Whalen>: Hey, Bill. This is TJ. Different retailers think about their shelves differently. I would say at this 
juncture of the 15,000 or so grocery doors that comprise that 83% or so ATV, a minority of them have a four-foot set. 
What I would say though is that virtually in every case, all of our accounts are continuing to expand their shelf set. A 
lot of it has to do with, frankly, time on task and how much experience they've got with this growing phenomenon. 
Somebody asked a question earlier about how you compare a $0.05 cup of coffee to a $0.55 cup of coffee and how we 
think about that. 

Well I'll tell you, retailers think about that very attractively. So if they hold their margin structure and ladder consumers 
up into a much higher value basket, they think of that as a profit opportunity and that gives them opportunity to expand 
shelf set and develop more space to these products. 

And then you layer on top of that the incremental consumption opportunity that was referenced earlier with new items 
like Brew Over Ice or hot apple cider and it creates a really attractive proposition for the trade. So while – coming back 
to your original question, while today, it's in a minority of that 83% ACV, we see this continuing to expand rapidly as 
we deliver ever greater value to the trade and become a bigger supplier in their eyes. 

<Q - William B. Chappell Jr., CFA>: And presumably some of the new agreements, like Starbucks and elsewhere 
will be incremental shelf space, it won't be just for placing your existing – switching in and out? 

<A - TJ Whalen>: That's certainly our intention. 

<Q - William B. Chappell Jr., CFA>: Okay. And then, switching to the Away From Home – maybe we could get a 
little bit more color, I'm not sure I've seen the number before where you said you had a 13% market share – kind of a 
color of how fast that's growing or maybe what that share was a year ago? Or where you think that can go over the next 
couple years? That'd be great. Thanks. 

<A - Michelle Stacy>: Hey, this is Michelle Stacy. What we're been seeing is that our Away From Home business has 
been growing at very similar rates that you're seeing across all of the brewer numbers. The 13% is a new number that 
we've measured through an omnibus research that we do. And we've asked consumers if they work out of the home. 
And if they work out of the home, do they drink coffee out of the home and if they do is it – what method or what type 
of brewer do they have in their out-of-home work place. So this is not just an office coffee, this is all out-of-home work 
– out-of-home work place coffee that we're sharing here. 

And we're hearing that our Keurig share based on this research is about 13%. And in this whole concept that Larry's 
talked about, about brewers beget brewers, one of the big influences to that is that consumers who experience our 
Keurig system at home become advocates for bringing it into the work place and vice versa. 

Consumers who experience a Keurig single serve at – in their work place become interested in purchasing it for home. 
So the two pieces of our business our At-Home and our Away From Home business are very synergistic as they're both 


building the other side. So it's been very strong. We certainly expect that that number will increase just as our At-Home 
penetration will increase. We can't give you a historical number because this is really the first year we measured this. 

<Q - William B. Chappell Jr., CFA>: So just... 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: Yeah. 

<Q - William B. Chappell Jr., CFA>: Go ahead. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: Yeah. This is Larry. I was going to add to Michelle's point that the synergy is strong and 
the business has been performing well. TJ just was at a national show on the Away From Home side. TJ, you might just 
give a little color to – to the show in – to Bill in terms of what you learned. 

<A - TJ Whalen>: Yeah. Thanks, Larry. Bill, again this is TJ. So as Larry mentioned and Michelle mentioned, there's 
certainly synergy on the brewer side of the equation. We also see a lot of synergy on the beverage side of the equation 
in to some of these new items that we've taken into retail or grocery. We're also bringing into the Away From Home 
business, as Larry said; I was just down at the National Automated Merchandiser Association Show, NAMA, which is 
kind of the key trade for vending in OSC channels. And a high level of enthusiasm and interest I would say in some of 
these new types of beverages. 

We were you know frankly a little not quite sure in terms of how they were going to play outside of consumers' homes 
given that they're different types of beverages and new to that environment. But what I would say is that there's 
definitely a high level of interest, a high level of receptivity. And given the fact that they're designed to generate 
incremental usage, that creates an opportunity for incremental profit for our distributors and operators, and of course 
that's attractive to them. 

And so I think we're bullish on how these products will play in that environment. And as Michelle said, it is a very 
healthy channel of business for us. I know sometimes we don't talk about it quite as much as we could, given some of 
the other great news and opportunities that we always have to share. But it is a critical part of our business that we 
intend to maintain and continue to drive penetration and synergy. 

<Q - William B. Chappell Jr., CFA>: Great. Thanks for the color. 

<A - Lawrence J. Blanford>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

That is all the time we have for questions. So I'd like to turn the conference back over to management for any additional 
or closing comments. 

Lawrence J. Blanford 

Thank you. Well, I'd like to thank everyone on the call today for joining us, and for your continued support of our 
company. We look forward to seeing many of you in person at several financial conferences we expect to attend over 
the coming weeks. And again, we're very confident in the company and appreciate your support. Thanks. 

Operator 

Again, that does conclude today's conference. We thank you all for joining us. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 


and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


