Q4 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Suzanne DuLong, Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications 
• Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Frances Rathke 
• Michelle Stacy 
• R. Scott McCreary 
• John Whoriskey 
• T.J. Whalen 
Other Participants 

• Scott Van Winkle 
• Mitchell Pinheiro 
• William Chappell 
• Mark Astrachan 
• Gregory McKinley 
• Jon Andersen 
• Bryan Spillane 
• Anthony Gikas 
• Tony Brenner 
• Anton Brenner 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Green Mountain Coffee Roasters Fiscal 2010 Fourth Quarter Release 
Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to 
turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications, Ms. Suzanne DuLong. 
Please go ahead, ma'am. 

Suzanne DuLong, Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate 
Communications 

Thank you, Rebecca. Welcome, everyone. Today's press release is available on our website at www.gmcr.com. As 
noted in the press release announcing today's call, we've elected to provide our prepared remarks in advance of this call. 
These remarks were furnished in Form 8-K, along with today's press release, and are available on the SEC website at 
sec.gov, as well as in the Events link of the Investor Relations portion of our website at gmcr.com. 

These prepared remarks will not be read on today's call. We've adopted this new format in an attempt to provide clear 
and concise information, and also, to be more efficient with our investor and analysts' time and with our time together 
on today's call. On today's call are President and CEO, Larry Blanford, who will provide some brief introductory 
remarks. Following Larry's remarks, we'll open the call to questions from the sell-side analysts. 


Several members of our management team are with us for today's Q&A session, including Fran Rathke, our CFO; Scott 
McCreary, President of our Specialty Coffee business unit; Michelle Stacy, President of our Keurig business unit; T.J. 
Whalen, Vice President of Marketing for the Specialty Coffee business unit; and John Whoriskey, General Manager of 
the Keurig at Home division. 

Due to time constraints and to ensure we have the opportunity to address everyone's question during the call, we ask 
that you limit yourself to one question. If time permits, we will revisit the queue for follow-up questions. 

Finally, I'll remind everyone that certain statements will be made today, which are forward-looking within the 
meanings of Securities laws. Owing to the uncertainties of forward-looking statements, our actual results may differ 
materially from anything projected in these forward-looking statements. We can give no assurance as to their accuracy, 
and we assume no obligation to update them. For further information on risks and uncertainties, please read the 
company's SEC filings, and the paragraph in today's press release that begins with the words, "certain statements." 

And now I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Larry Blanford. 

Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Suzanne, and thanks to everyone on the call for joining us today and for your patience with us as we made the 
necessary preparations to report our fiscal fourth quarter and year-end results. GMCR delivered another strong quarter 
and another year of strong growth, driven by the success of the Keurig Single-Cup system, which accounted for 88% of 
our total 2010 net sales. 

Our fiscal 2010 net sales of 1.357 billion represent annual growth of 73%. Our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted 
share increased 92%, to $0.70 per share, from $0.36 in fiscal 2009. We are very pleased to be able to deliver this strong 
financial performance, while we remain true to our purpose, which is to transform the way the world views business. 
As many of you may be aware, 5% of our pre-tax profits are directed to philanthropic efforts. And with our success, the 
dollar value of that commitment, which includes cash paid, employee volunteer hours, and product donations, 
continues to grow. 

Looking forward, we are very excited about this holiday season, and with the support we are seeing from our customers 
and our licensed-brand partners. The GMCR team remains focused, continuing to execute in a way that enables us to 
capitalize on what we believe are substantial growth opportunities. 

With that, we'll open the call to questions from the sell-side analysts. As Suzanne stated in the introduction, we ask that 
you limit yourself to one question, and if time permits, we will revisit the queue for follow-up questions. 

Operator, will you open the question queue, please? 

Q&A 

Operator 

Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from Scott Van Winkle of Canaccord Genuity. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: Hi, guys. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hey, Scott. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: So the first, if I look at the revenue guidance, and the margin guidance, there seems to be a 
disparity. I'm wondering if the warranty expense comment, if you could explain that in a little bit more detail. And at 
the same time, you're taking CapEx up when you're not giving K-Cup guidance. It looks like you are building K-Cup 
volume ability, but you're not giving guidance, so I'm just wondering if you could clarify some of that. 


<A - Frances Rathke>: Sure, Scott. This is Fran. In terms of our fiscal '11 guidance, as we noted, we have guidance of 
top-line of 45% to 53%, and that is primarily related to growth of K-Cup – obviously, brewers as well. But the K-Cup, 
we are continuing to invest in our packaging lines and infrastructure to ensure we can keep up with the demand for the 
K-Cup, the anticipated K-Cup demand. 

And as you know, it tends to be more like 9 to 12 months out, we need to be making those investments. We've made 
some changes this year, for example, also to provide more efficient packaging, the nesting – so that's added more 
CapEx to each line – roasting capacity, et cetera. So, I think, as we said, we felt we wanted to get our CapEx 
projections out to investors so they understood that investment we're anticipating making. 

In terms of EPS, we essentially – we've got $1.19 to $1.29, excluding the items we noted, excluding M&A and some of 
the other items. I think we feel comfortable that growth is in line with essentially continuing to focus on improving our 
overall operating margin. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, I might add, on the capital, Scott, too, in 
addition to the comments that Fran made – this is Larry – that we also are investing in some of our new technology that 
we've talked about previously, the long-fluted filter technology, which supports our overall efforts to continue to 
develop new beverages. That technology is being used for our travel mug size for our iced coffee products, and the new 
Barista Prima that we've recently introduced that we may talk about a little later. So, there's some additional capital 
being invested to support flexibility with respect to our new product development efforts. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: Oh, okay. So, the CapEx is more for next year – or 2012, let's call it. Can you comment on 
like the first quarter revenue guidance being strong? I think the margin forecast for Q1 is down year-over-year. I'm just 

– I would have thought, with some stronger revenue guidance, we would see the EPS guidance range going up rather 
than down a little bit on the lower end. I'm wondering what the incremental change is there. 
<A - Frances Rathke>: Sure, Scott. This is Fran. For fiscal Q1 '11, typically, first, in terms of EPS, it tends to be the 
quarter where we are driving our brewer adoption, and that's when we're doing the lion's share of our marketing spend, 
TV and demos, et cetera. So, I think, typically, Q1 is not a quarter where we have seen strong earnings growth, as we 
tend to also – contra to having strong top-line growth. So, it tends to be a quarter with stronger SG&A, and also, with a 
stronger percentage of the sales mix coming from Keurig, where we don't have, essentially, any margin, if you will. 

In terms of another factor on Q1 guidance on top-line, we are lapping – half the quarter last year, we had purchased 
Timothy's, so we have Timothy's in there for the fourth quarter, so we had like half a quarter lap anniversarying 
Timothy's acquisition in the 55% to 65% growth top-line estimate that we provided. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: Okay. And I apologize for belaboring the one question, but if I could just have one 
follow-up, if 


<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: If it – let's assume – so the operating margin you're forecasting is, I believe, down this year 
versus last. And I apologize if I'm wrong on that. I just got off a plane shortly ago. But I believe the margin is down 
year-over-year. Yet if you look at the incremental expense, say, going from 13 million to 20 million in national 
advertising – let's call it roughly 50% increase in spending – you're expecting K-Cup growth at or above that type of 
level, so I would assume that there shouldn't be kind of de-leveraging year-over-year. Or is it dilution from recent 
acquisitions that I'm not appropriately factoring into the margin? 

<A - Frances Rathke>: Well, I think in terms of our – so, top-line – one, we didn't give operating margin guidance per 
se. We have top-line growth of 55% to 65% on the top-line in terms of our non-GAAP EPS guidance of 14 to 18. Last 
year, on a non-GAAP basis, it was $0.11. And I think it depends on where we end up in terms of EPS, but I think the 
range of growth on the bottom line could be – if it's at $0.18, for example, it's very close to the top-line growth 
estimate. 

So I think – we're not saying we're going to have a lower margin or not. This is a range based on our estimates at the 
time. This is also a tougher quarter for us from an earnings standpoint, given we have higher coffee costs. We did take 


a price increase that's gone into effect for – starting on October 11th, so that's offsetting some of that increase in coffee, 
but not the full amount of the quarter. So, that's also reflected in our estimates. 

<Q - Scott Van Winkle>: Great. Thanks for the clarity. I'll get back in the queue. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Scott. 

Operator 

Next, we'll go to Mitch Pinheiro with Janney Capital Markets. 

<Q - Mitchell Pinheiro>: Yeah, hey. Good afternoon. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Mitch. 

<A - Frances Rathke>: Hi, Mitch. 

<Q - Mitchell Pinheiro>: Hey. So, just a follow-up on Scott's question ,and then I have another. On your CapEx what 

– so what percentage of the CapEx, the 215 to 260, is packaging versus roasting, roughly? Are you – and related to that, 
if I talk – John, I think, last call said they'd be by the end of – you'd be about 5 billion K-Cups of capacity by the end of 
this year. How does all that tie together? 
<A - Frances Rathke>: Mitch, this is Fran. We typically don't break out the details on roasting versus packaging. But 
when we look at our growth capital versus maintenance CapEx, if you will, what we've been seeing, and we estimate 
going forward, at this point, about 70% to 75% of the CapEx is essentially growth capital tied to the need to ensure we 
have the infrastructure and capacity to roast coffee and manufacture K-Cups. 

And as you – another point I just want to remind folks is we acquired Timothy's in Q1 last year. We acquired Diedrich's 
in Q3 last year. We now have Castroville; Sumner, Washington; Waterbury – the Vermont operations; Knoxville; and 
Timothy's up in Canada. We have all of those manufacturing facilities to ensure that we continue to invest, whether it is 
roasting or packaging lines, to meet our anticipated growth in North America. 

<Q - Mitchell Pinheiro>: And then my question also is there was obviously warranty expense in the quarter, in Q4. 
How much did that affect earnings, and is there warranty – with a higher, let's say, history of warranty expense, is your 
warranty expense for fiscal '11 also going to go up year-over-year from what you've to set aside – accrue? 

<A - Frances Rathke>: Mitch, this is Fran. In terms of our gross margin, the comments we had is our gross margin 
was negatively affected by higher sales returns – which hit net sales, but that hurts our margin – as well as warranty 
expense that's in cost of goods sold. I think when I look at the trends year-over-year, the increase in sales returns, and 
the increase in warranty expense on an apples-to apples year-to-year was about – it was a similar amount. 

And then it was offset – that negative factor was offset by the stronger margins we get from Timothy's and Diedrich's. 
We have seen, with the rapid expansion of our brewer demand, that brewer quality has not been as robust as in prior 
years. So, we've seen an increase in our average rate of return, whether coming through a customer on a warranty or 
through bringing their brewer back to a retailer. And we've made a lot of – we've done a lot of work this year in terms 
of making strides to improve our quality program. I'll turn it over to Michelle, if you want to comment. 

<A - Michelle Stacy>: So this is Michelle, Mitch. We spent a lot of time this year really working on increasing our 
quality procedures, as well as managing all of our sub-suppliers, and with our current production, appears to be testing 
at better quality levels than the prior years. I believe that last year, due to the rapid expansion of our brewer demand, 
our brewer quality last year was not quite as robust as we had in prior years, and that's why we've seen the higher 
retailer return reserve. 

With the processes we've put into place, we expect and anticipate that our quality will be better this year. I want to 
really assure you that we are very committed to delivering the absolute highest quality level of brewer, and that our 
consumer satisfaction still remains extremely high, at better than 88% top two box satisfaction with the brewer. So, 


we're still really driving consumer satisfaction, and we are anticipating better brewer quality this year. 

<Q - Mitchell Pinheiro>: But just for clarity – more for Fran here, then – you say a similar amount of sales returns. Is 
that similar to Q3? 

<A - Frances Rathke>: Q3, we also had the reimbursement from our vendors coming through. In terms of the amount, 
the dollar amount of the margin impact, I think it was in the 1% to 2% reduction in our gross margin due to the sales 
returns, and the warranties. 

<Q - Mitchell Pinheiro>: And this has no impact accruing for next year, for fiscal '11. If you look at fiscal '11 versus 
fiscal '10, are you looking 


<A - Frances Rathke>: Well, what – I'm sorry. In terms of our estimates, Mitch, as we put our annual operating plan 
and budgets together, I think in terms of our run rates on sales returns and brewers, I think we did factor in a bit of an 
uptick versus not this year per se, but prior year, because of, as Michelle said, just the expansion of all the brewer 
models going out there, and what we've seen this year. 

<Q - Mitchell Pinheiro>: Okay. 

<A - Frances Rathke>: I think 


<Q - Mitchell Pinheiro>: All right. Thank you. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Mitch. 

Operator 

And from SunTrust, we'll go to Bill Chappell. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Bill, we're not doing too good here on our 
one-question, but see if you can improve. Go ahead. 

<Q - William Chappell>: Well, I'll do one question on one subject. It might be in two parts. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. 

<Q - William Chappell>: The one question just on the guidance, can you give us a little color around the adding $0.05 
to the low end of the guidance? Just because you had already raised prices once for green coffee. Are you expecting 
other increases to come, or did you not make a big enough price increase already? And then also, maybe you could give 
us some color around no longer giving K-Cup volume guidance or data going forward, and just kind of why you 
decided to do that. Thanks. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Bill, let me have Scott just address the coffee 
costs, because we did take a price increase, but he can talk about where coffee costs are going. And then Fran can come 
back and talk about your second question – or answer your second question on K-Cup value going forward. Scott? 

<A - R. Scott McCreary>: Bill we have seen coffee costs continue to go up, and as Fran mentioned, we did implement 
a price increase in October. It's still too early to see for sure how elastic their response will be, but we feel confident in 
our estimates going forward, in terms of the net sales volume incorporated in there. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We are – this is Larry. We're seeing coffee costs 
continuing to climb. When we went out with that price increase, I think – Scott, correct me if I'm wrong, but we were 
looking at roughly $1.80, $1.85 at the time. And now, C prices have gone into the 205 range, and so that was one 
reason for broadening the estimate. 

And II think the other one that we referenced was that – and I talked earlier on the capital question, investing in capital 
allows us some flexibility to introduce new beverage products. And we've built some of that into our thinking with 


respect to our estimates for the year, just wanting some flexibility, depending on our success with certain product 
development efforts, to be able to launch those appropriately. 

On your other question, I'll let Fran respond to that. 

<A - Frances Rathke>: Sure. Bill, in terms of your question about our comment in our press release about K-Cup 
portion pack estimates and providing guidance, I think what we're finding is we have a broadening range of K-Cups at 
different price points. And we've been providing K-Cup net sales data, and we were finding that's going to be more 
meaningful a metric going forward, also pending the Van Houtte transaction. Once we own Van Houtte, if you will, we 
essentially will be manufacturing and selling the majority of the K-Cups, so our net sales data on K-Cups, we believe, 
is the more meaningful metric going forward. So, I think, essentially, that's what we're going to be providing, is top-line 
guidance and not focusing in on system-wide K-Cup guidance. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hello? 

<Q - William Chappell>: That was all from me, I was sticking to my one question. Thanks. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Oh, okay. Okay. All right. Thanks, Bill. 

Operator 

And next we'll go to Mark Astrachan with Stifel Nicolaus. 
<Q - Mark Astrachan>: Hey, good afternoon, everybody. 
<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hey Mark. 
<A - R. Scott McCreary>: Hi, Mark. 
<Q - Mark Astrachan>: One housekeeping, and then one question – if you could just reconcile the difference in terms 


of the 124 and 129 versus 115 to 120 previously, was there anything in there other than the amortization of intangibles, 


meaning like were transaction expenses or anything else in the numbers in the prior-year period? 
<A - Frances Rathke>: Mark, this is Fran. It was strictly the amortization. So, where we've reported for this fiscal year 
are non-GAAP, where we closed out the year at $0.70. That includes having amortization in there. If I take out the 
amortization for fiscal '10 that we just reported, that $0.70 non-GAAP is now $0.76. That compares apples-to-apples to 
our FY '11 EPS non-GAAP guidance of the $1.19 to $1.29. 


<Q - Mark Astrachan>: So you're saying, then, there was nothing else in the numbers from the prior-year period? 
Basically you're saying what <
A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Not in the different, but... 
<Q - Mark Astrachan>: Okay, but – and then the question is <
A - Frances Rathke>: And Mark – and Mark, this is Fran. Maybe I'll just elaborate. 


<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Make sure we're clear. Yeah. 
<A - Frances Rathke>: So then the prior – on July 28th, on that Q3 earnings call, we gave our first outlook for EPS 
non-GAAP for fiscal '11, and that was $1.15 to $1.20. Now, $1.20, the high end of the range, is now $1.29. That $0.09 
is only due to the fact that we're going to be excluding in our non-GAAP amortization expense, which is $0.09. 


<Q - Mark Astrachan>: So that – okay. That's the sole difference. All right. And then <
A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Right. And then we broadened the range as we were 
just talking about a few minutes 



<A - Frances Rathke>: Right. 

<Q - Mark Astrachan>: Right. 

<A - Frances Rathke>: Primarily due to new beverage and coffee products. 

<Q - Mark Astrachan>: Okay. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: All right. So, we've got that squared away. 

<Q - Mark Astrachan>: And then, could you just explain the puts and takes of the increased sales guidance for the 
year, particularly given the strong brewer growth? And then, as a clarification, when the price increase goes through, 
how impactful is it or will it be? And then just a clarification also on the unit volumes, you say will be lower. Is that 
down year-on-year? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Mark, are you talking about K-Cup units? 

<Q - Mark Astrachan>: Well, I'm talking about you talk about lower – when you give guidance and you talk about it 
in the press release, you say anticipated lower unit volume as a result of previously announced price increases. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay, yeah. No, Mark – this is Larry – what we were 
trying to communicate is that, yes, we did raise prices. If total unit volume would be the same, obviously you would 
expect to see sales increase as a result of raising prices. What we're saying is that, on a relative basis, with the increase 
in pricing, we anticipate that our unit volumes will be a bit lower than what we would have seen without the price 
increase. 

And that's basically speaking to sensitivity that we believe consumers have, to a degree, with respect to raising prices 
on our K-Cups, and we tried to reflect the blending, if you will, of higher pricing and anticipated a bit lower volume in 
those numbers. So, we weren't talking – we were simply talking about, on a go-forward basis, what we originally were 
planning, our own thinking versus what we now are with the price increase, if that's helpful. 

<Q - Mark Astrachan>: And the price increase has gone through at this point? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: The price increase was announced 9/7, and it was 
affective beginning October 11th, but not affective in all channels then. We began to roll that price increase out in 
October, depending on certain channel requirements and/or contractual obligations we have with certain customers, et 
cetera, it usually takes us several months to fully roll out a price increase. We're in the process of doing that. We expect 
that that price increase will be successful, and we would expect that it would be fully implemented by the end of 
February 2011. 

And that price increase was designed to offset, again, the rise in coffee prices, primarily – although we had increase in 
packaging materials and other things as well, but primarily reflecting the rise in coffee prices, a C price from about 
$1.40, $1.45, if I remember correctly, up to the $1.80, $1.85 range. And then what we were saying is now, as we're 
sitting here today, we're seeing C prices above $2, and they seem to continue to stay in that range. 

We were certainly hoping that they might drop, but they've been sustaining above $2 a share, so – or $2 a pound. So, 
we are continuing to look at the C price, and we'll potentially take other pricing action. We'll have to see how things 
play out here over the next few weeks. 

<Q - Mark Astrachan>: Got it. And then the pricing is across all channels and all customers, I'm assuming? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I would say pretty much. We do have some 
customers that are on long-term contracts that have pricing 


<A - Frances Rathke>: Tied to the C-price. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Tied to the C price that go up and down, depending 
on the C price. 


<Q - Mark Astrachan>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

And from Dougherty & Co, we'll go to Greg McKinley. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hey, Greg. 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Thank you. Good evening. Thank you. I wonder if you can talk a little bit about the 
K-Cups again. As I'm just going through some high-level math here, it looks like the realized price per K-Cup sale in 
the September quarter appears lower than what I've seen historically. I'm wondering if there's any – if I'm reading that 
correctly, or if there's anything behind that. 

And then, in the 8-K, the company makes reference to an anticipated earlier purchases of K-Cups in front of the price 
hike. Was that something you thought you actually saw from consumers, or is that something your retail partners were 
taking advantage of? 

<A - Frances Rathke>: Hi, Greg. This is Fran. I'm going to answer the first question about trends in average selling 
price of K-Cups. And this quarter was the first quarter we had manufactured and sold K-Cups to J.M. Smuckers, to 
Folgers Gourmet Selections, and the Millstone-branded K-Cup. And as we noted in our press release, it represented 
about 6 percentage points of our increase to help them pipeline fill their grocery rollout. 

And when we sell to Folgers, we have a lower average selling price, given they're doing the selling and marketing to 
the grocery channel. So, that has brought down our overall average selling price for – obviously because of those sales. 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: How – the degree to, which you can measure maybe change in K-Cup consumption, as 
you're suggesting slower unit growth here in the December quarter, did you actually feel like you're seeing evidence 
that consumers are buying fewer K-Cups, or do you feel like there is maybe heavy inventory stocking from your retail 
partners in advance of that price hike? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No, we did – I don't think we indicated that we'd 
seen a slowdown in K-Cup consumption in the first quarter. In fact, we don't provide estimates, but certainly we're in 
the holiday quarter and we're seeing, as we normally do, a very significant uptick in K-Cup. We are, in fact, dealing 
right now with very strong demand and are struggling to support our customers in the way that we would want. So, 
we're working vigorously to increase our capacity. In fact, Scott, you might want to mention just a couple of things that 
we're doing right now to try to increase capacity. 

<A - R. Scott McCreary>: Hi, Greg. This is Scott. Yeah, we have installed a number of lines, and we're increasing our 
staffing across a number of our plants to increase our manufacturing capability. And each week, we're producing more 
than we are the week before to keep up with the growth. And then, just to clarify on your earlier question, it's not 
consumers that were pantry-loading out of our price increase. It was customers of ours across a number of our 
channels, depending on their availability to bring in inventory. 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Thank you. And just finally, what's the tax rate implied in your guidance? 

<A - Frances Rathke>: We're not giving out an estimate per se, but I would just indicate we believe now, with having 
a portion of our business up in Canada where they have lower corporate rates, we're going to see our tax rate come 
down from the historical average of around 39, 39.5, probably at least in the 38 range, I would say. We didn't give it 
out per se. I know, this quarter, it was very low due to – some of it due to being in Canada, and also, we had higher than 
prior estimates on the manufacturing – domestic manufacturing credits. 

<Q - Gregory McKinley>: Thank you. 


<A - Frances Rathke>: Yup. Thanks, Greg. 

Operator 

Next, we'll go to Jon Andersen with William Blair. 

<Q - Jon Andersen>: Good afternoon. Thanks, everyone. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hey, Jon. 

<A - Frances Rathke>: Hi, Jon. 

<Q - Jon Andersen>: I'm going to shift gears just a little bit, use my question on a broader topic. In the prepared 
comments, you referred to the fact that one of the enabling initiatives is oriented around identifying and evaluating new 
strategic partnerships. And I'm just wondering – that includes new licensees, and I'm just wondering what are kind of 
the key criteria that you apply when evaluating additional partners, such as J.M. Smucker, and how would you 
handicap the likelihood of additional brands in K-Cup portion packs within the next 12 to 24 months? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Jon, this is Larry. We are always open to 
considering the possibility of other licensees, and I would say that is both on the brewer side, as well as on the beverage 
side. One of the key criteria that we use when we are evaluating the potential for bringing another the licensee into the 
system is the degree to which that particular licensee can really help us drive brewer adoption. As we've talked before, I 
believe, the – we believe we still have significant runway in terms of brewer adoption in North America, and one of the 
barriers to that growth is actually awareness of the system. 

We hope this holiday season to increase awareness, again, with our advertising campaign. But as we went into the 
season, I think we were about a 40% aided and 20% unaided awareness. So, there's still a lot of consumers out there 
who just haven't heard of the Keurig Single-Cup system, believe it or not. And so, as we think about other licensees, the 
key criteria, as I mentioned, is the degree to which they're willing to invest some of their unique assets – that could be 
marketing assets, communication assets, et cetera – to help us create awareness and drive brewer adoption. 

If all it meant was just bringing a brand in – XYZ or ABC brand – without any investment by the owner of that brand 
equity, that would actually not necessarily be in the best interest of our shareholders, because they would simply be 
taking share of the demand that we already have created with the brewer adoption that we generated. But we are very 
open to talking to potential licensees, with an idea of continuing to enhance awareness and consumer choice. 

<A - Michelle Stacy>: If I could just add, I think one of the really exciting things about this fall's holiday season – this 
is Michelle – is the fact that all three of our licensed partners – Folgers, Cuisinart, and Mr. Coffee – have all been 
actively supporting our brand during the season. We've seen Folgers K-Cups on TV. We've had TV advertising behind 
the Cuisinart Keurig Brewer, and we've seen print ads behind Mr. Coffee. 

All of that generates an increased level of excitement for the consumer about the Keurig's line, and that's generating 
increased demand in the marketplace. So, those are some really exciting things that our current licensed partners are 
doing for us right now. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Michelle. Excellent example. 

<Q - Jon Andersen>: Thanks for the color. 

Operator 

And moving on, we'll hear from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: Hi. Good afternoon. 


<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hey, Bryan. 

<A - Frances Rathke>: Hey, Bryan. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: I can't stick to one question. [Laughter] 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: Couple of things – just on the guidance, does that include – is the share count higher in the 
guidance because of Lavazza? 

<A - Frances Rathke>: Yes. Yes, Bryan. We issued, essentially right at the beginning of our fiscal year '11, 
approximately 8.6 million shares, newly issued. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: So that's 


<A - Frances Rathke>: Yes 


<Q - Bryan Spillane>: Is that $0.06 per share? 

<A - Frances Rathke>: It depends on – yeah... or 6% of our – yeah, it's about 6% of our shares outstanding. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: So I guess, getting back to Mark Astrachan's question, right, so the guidance range, we're kind 
of trying to compare this guidance range to the old guidance range, it actually absorbs a $0.06 of dilution from 
Lavazza, right? 

<A - Frances Rathke>: That's correct. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: Okay. 

<A - Frances Rathke>: Good 


<Q - Bryan Spillane>: Second question, so it sounds as if you've had some capacity constraints on K-Cup customers 
on allocation. Larry, can you just – is there a way you can quantify how much it cost you in the fourth quarter, and how 
much you expect it to cost you in the first quarter just because you've just been out of stock? Was there – or has it cost 
you anything at all? Are there some missed sales just because you haven't had enough in stock? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, so in the – well, as an example, in the current 
quarter, we're not on a formal allocation, but we are working very carefully to manage the demands from our customers 
that we're not able to fully meet. We don't have a back order system, per se, that we can track exactly what the demand 
would be that exceeds our ability to supply. 

So I'm not sure we have a – can quantify, as an example, what we'll leave on the table this quarter, but we are definitely 
seeing some spot outages. But we're doing a good job, I think, overall of working across the organization, both the 
specialty coffee business unit and Keurig working together, trying to understand customer needs and doing the best we 
can to meet customer needs as we understand them. 

But we're working – as Scott mentioned, we're working very hard to get production – further get production up. And 
then, given – as we have seen in prior years, the second quarter is generally stronger than the first, because of all the 
brewers that we sell in the holiday season, as we get into kind of the middle of January, and people have used the 
K-Cups that come with the brewers in the box, they start looking to replenish. And so we're working very hard to get 
ready for what we believe will be a very strong second quarter as well. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: And so do you feel like you'll have the capacity available to meet that? Because I had a sense in 
talking to some – to especially food retailers that, as they've got some experience with K-Cups, their expectation is to 
see more demand post the holidays, and maybe they were going to have to stock more. And then also – well, so I'll 
leave it at that. So, if there's an expectation that they're going to want to actually expand some shelf space, do you think 
you're going to have the capacity to meet that for the second quarter? 


<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I would say we'll carefully evaluate that. Obviously, 
we do have a number of customers that want to expand shelf space, I would say, particularly in the grocery channel, but 
not exclusively the grocery. And certainly, we don't want to be significantly expanding shelf space if we're struggling 
otherwise to support the demands of our customers based on the existing shelf space that we have. So, we'll factor that 
in as we move through the second quarter. 

We are certainly hoping, working hard to increase capacity so that we can, in fact, meet the demand. I do think, though, 
that what you're hearing is probably consistent with at least a number of our retail customers who are expecting, as 
they've experienced in prior years, a significant increase in that second quarter. And if I were a retailer, I would 
certainly be trying to think about how to take advantage of that demand, as well. 

<A - R. Scott McCreary>: And we're working hard with them. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: And then, just this one last one on elasticity, and this – I may be a little bit dense on this, but 
you've got a product that is selling out basically. And you've got a closed system. So, someone – if you're expecting a 
volume elasticity, a negative elasticity from price increases, is it because you think that consumers will just drink less 
coffee, or are they going to take the Keurig machine off the counter and bring the drip coffeemaker back on it? I'm just 
trying to figure out, once I've converted to the system, what am I going to – what do I do differently, like how does that 
affect my demand? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: You know, that's a good question. First of all, the 
system really is an open system. We have a number of brands available in the system. We also have the My K-Cup, 
which allows the consumer to use whatever coffee they might want to choose. I think, on elasticity, we do not have 
solid data. We're still early in the game here, relatively speaking, and learning as we go. We're concerned because we're 
in a regime of coffee prices that we've not experienced before. I certainly haven't in my four years with the company, 
and now they're going up even higher. 

So, we are nervous about it. Consumers do have choices. They could slow their consumption. There is other 
alternatives – many, many alternatives in the coffeemaker business. They could use a pot brewing system. There's 
instant coffee. There's a number of alternatives. So, we don't have a clear line of sight, but we are a bit concerned at 
these higher prices, and we try to take our best thinking and work that into our estimates that we have provided for the 
first quarter. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: Okay. Great. I'll – I won't hog any more time. Thanks, guys. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. All right. 

Operator 

And next we'll go to Tony Gikas of Piper Jaffray. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hey, Tony. 

<Q - Anthony Gikas>: Hi. Good afternoon, guys. If I could just ask a quick housekeeping, and then one question, 
Fran, what do you expect the inventory position to be at the end of Q1? I know the September quarter is elevated as you 
move into the holidays. And then, if you wouldn't mind, could you just comment and elaborate a little bit more on what 
you're seeing at retail right now, what the retail trends are, and how meaningful some of those K-Cup shortages that 
you're experiencing really are? If you could elaborate on that, that'd be great. Thanks. 

<A - Frances Rathke>: Sure, Tony. This is Fran. In terms of our inventories, we ended in September at about $252 
million. I think the primary increase over the prior year is due to brewers at September. So, we'll be selling a large 
share of those brewers this quarter, but we're also going to be building on inventory of K-Cup, especially into Q2, 
where we see very strong demand for the K-Cup, where a lot of folks just got a brewer for the holidays. 


And also, this year, we've made a concerted effort to try to estimate having sufficient inventories on hand at the end of 
December of brewers, because what we found is we tend to have very strong sales of brewers in January, and then also 
to ensure that we have a good supply coming from our supplier where there's a Chinese New Year, and it also takes 
four to six weeks just to get brewers shipped here from China. 

So, what we're planning for fiscal '11 is to carry, essentially, a little bit more inventory of brewers to ensure that we can 
meet different customers' demand. So, we'll see a reduction, somewhat, in brewers coming off of September by the end 
of December, but I don't see a significant decrease in terms of overall inventory. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. And then, Tony, the second question, that was 
relating to K-Cup demand in the quarter? 

<Q - Anthony Gikas>: No. Actually, the second part of the question is really what's happening at retail right now. 
Could you just comment on current point-of-sale trends, particularly specialty en masse, et cetera? 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, absolutely. I'm going to let John Whoriskey 
speak to that. John? 

<A - John Whoriskey>: Sure. Thank you. Hi, Tony. I would say that we are very excited about the holiday season. I 
think a leading indicator for the success was the Sunday after Thanksgiving, where we were on QVC, and set a record 
for our performance on that day, and they actually cut short their programming. So, I thought, coming right after Black 
Friday and all of the ad activity, et cetera, I think that bode very well for our business. 

And the other thing I would comment on is that this year, we started our advertising two weeks earlier than a year ago. 
In that, we feel it's been – really, consumers responded well to that. And I'm sure many of you have probably been in 
retail stores and have seen the retail advertising support we're getting. And we're in front and center in all the key 
retailers in the appliance section, and we are getting major full-page ad support from all of our key retailers, as well. 
So, I think our investment in the consumer, and the support we're getting from all of our key partners, along with all of 
our new products, I think, is driving our business to a very solid level. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And Tony, if I might just mention it, John referenced 
QVC. We talked a lot about the importance of both having the brewer technology and beverage technology within the 
same enterprise. As I watched QVC throughout the day, one of the things I just felt great about was, as I watched, you 
saw both the brewer and beverages working together to drive interest in the product. 

And the value creation, in my view, of this company is really at the intersection of bringing those two together. One 
specific example on QVC was our new Green Mountain Naturals Hot Apple Cider. And if I could – TJ, could you just 
take a minute on that? Because it's a very exciting new product launch. 

<A - T.J. Whalen>: Sure. Thank you, Larry, and this is T.J. Cider is an exciting product for us. If you look on either of 
our websites, I think you'll see that that product is number one, and it's got tremendous velocity. Where it's in 
distribution at retail, I think, I would say there's a very high level of enthusiasm for it. Also, on QVC you may have 
noticed that they were also merchandizing Café Escapes, which is another unique product that we have in the system. 

Demand for Café Escapes, as we talked about earlier, continues to challenge our capacity and our ability to keep up 
with both consumer and retailer enthusiasm for that product. I think our Café Escapes volume in FY'10 was something 
on the order of 900% greater than FY '09. And I would link this back to an earlier question that I think Brian had 
around elasticity, and it's these very products, like Café Escapes and Apple Cider, that we believe represents an 
opportunity for expandable consumption. 

So while certainly there is a system, and in the system there's probably a little bit less elasticity than you see in some 
categories, there really is an opportunity for both consumers and retailers to get very excited about these products that 
satisfy unique incremental consumption occasions or to satisfy demand amongst other members of the household than 
we might have otherwise if we had just stuck to coffee and tea. So, these products represent a significant opportunity 
for us in the future, and a significant area of focus for both our R&D efforts and our marketing efforts. 


<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hey Tony, this is – one more clarifier, or build, on 
our overall capacity. Looking forward to fiscal '011, I'm feeling good about our equipment planning. The key, as I 
mentioned earlier, is getting our staffing in place, and that's what we're working on very quickly to get our staffing 
across all the shifts, 7 days a week, to keep up with the growth. 

And then one of the great benefits of the Keurig system is the variety of choice that we offer. Part of that is the 
challenge of forecasting across our many items, across multiple channels. And so, at any channel at any point in time, 
there may be a couple items out of stock, but there are still many other choices for consumers to select from. And then 
we're working hard to catch up on each of those. 

<Q - Anthony Gikas>: Okay. Thank you, guys. Good luck. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: All right. Thank you, Tony. 

<A - Frances Rathke>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And from Roth Capital Partners, we'll go to Tony Brenner. 
<Q - Tony Brenner>: Thank you. 
<A - Frances Rathke>: Hey, Tony. 
<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hey, Tony. 
<Q - Tony Brenner>: Good afternoon. Fran, you mentioned that the non-cap adjustment in the first quarter is $0.04 a 


share from last year. Would you give the quarterly breakdown for the other three quarters? I didn't notice a quarterly 


table adjustment. 
<A - Frances Rathke>: Tony, we do not give guidance by quarter for fiscal '11. We have historically given the next 
quarter, and 


<Q - Tony Brenner>: I'm talking about last year. 
<A - Frances Rathke>: Oh, I'm sorry. For last year? 
<Q - Tony Brenner>: Right. 
<A - Frances Rathke>: The non-GAAP. Hold on a sec. On a apples-to-apples basis, with the amortization, hold on a 


minute. For Q1 of '10 – I'll get my sheet here. Hold on a minute. Q1 of '10 was $0.11; Q2 of '10 is $0.21; Q3 of '10 was 
$0.21; and Q4 of '10 was $0.24. 
<Q - Tony Brenner>: Non-GAAP? 
<A - Frances Rathke>: Non-GAAP. 


<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Non-GAAP. 
<A - Frances Rathke>: And it rounded to $0.76. One of the quarters, a penny might be here or there. It rounds to 
$0.76. 


<Q - Tony Brenner>: And in the fourth quarter, what portion of your brewer sales were represented by your licensee 


partners? And what affect, if any, does shipped have on your brewers margins in that period? 
<A - Frances Rathke>: For the second part of the question, we don't break out, of the brewers shipped, how much 
were from the licensed partner. And this quarter was the first time Mr. Coffee was selling, really, brewers in the 
marketplace. In terms of overall the impact on our financials, it affects top-line, but essentially, we sell our brewers at 


approximately cost, so it really doesn't affect our bottom line or our margins. But I can turn it over to Michelle just to 
comment on. 

<A - Michelle Stacy>: Well, we really aren't commenting on the mix of how much our licensed partners sold relative 
to the total brewer sales in the quarter. We can say that we expect that the Keurig brewers represented the vast majority 
of brewers sold in the fourth quarter, and we'd expect that to continue throughout the upcoming fiscal year, as it is the 
lead brand, and there's a tremendous amount of consumer power to the Keurig name. So, we would expect to see 
Keurig remain the lion's share of the system. 

Operator 

Tony, is that 


<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Tony, is that it? 

<Q - Anton Brenner>: Yup. Thank you. 

<A - Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. Great. 

<A - Frances Rathke>: Thanks, Tony. 

Operator 

And that is all the time we have for questions today. At this point, I would like to turn the conference back over to the 
speakers and presenters for additional or closing remarks. 

Larry Blanford, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Well, this is Larry Blanford. I just want to thank everyone again for joining us today. We really appreciate your interest 
in GMCR, and we would like to wish everyone a happy holiday. Thanks. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's presentation. We do thank everyone for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


