Q1 2008 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Krista Bessinger, Investor Relations 
• Dr. Eric Schmidt, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
• George Reyes, Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 
• Sergey Brin, Co-Founder & President, Technology 
• Larry Page, Co-Founder & President, Products 
Other Participants 

• Benjamin Schachter 
• Omid Kordestani 
• Jonathan Rosenberg 
• Justin Post 
• Douglas Anmuth 
• Mark Mahaney 
• James Mitchell 
• Imran Khan 
• Christa Quarles 
• Brian Pitz 
• Ross Sandler 
• Heath Terry 
• David Joseph 
• Mark May 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day and welcome, everyone, to the Google Inc. Conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I 
would like to turn the call over to Ms. Krista Bessinger, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am. 

Krista Bessinger, Investor Relations 

Good afternoon everyone and welcome to today's first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. With us are: Eric 
Schmidt, Chief Executive Officer; George Reyes, Chief Financial Officer; Larry Page, Founder and President of 
Products; Sergey Brin, Founder and President of Technology; Jonathan Rosenberg, Senior Vice President of Product 
Management; and Omid Kordestani, Senior Vice President of Global Sales and Operations. Eric, George, Larry, and 
Sergey will provide their thoughts on the quarter and then Jonathan and Omid will join us for Q&A. 

Please note that this call is being webcast from our Investor Relations website. Our press release, issued a few minutes 
ago, is also posted on the website along with the slides that accompany today's prepared remarks. A replay of this call 
will also be available on our Investor Relations website in a few hours. 


Now, let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements we make today may be considered 
forward-looking, including statements regarding our investments, seasonality, traffic acquisition costs, increase in the 
cost of sales, international growth, operating margins, growth in head count, and our expected level of capital 
expenditures. These statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ 
materially. Please note that these forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation 
and we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking 
statements in light of new information or future events. 

Please refer to our SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, as 
well as our earnings press release posted a few minutes ago for a more detailed description of the risk factors that may 
affect our results. Copies can be obtained from the SEC or by visiting the Investor Relations section of our website. 

Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on this call such as EPS, net income, operating margin, and 
operating income are expressed on a non-GAAP basis and have been adjusted to exclude charges relating to 
stock-based compensation. We have also adjusted our net cash provided by operating activities to remove capital 
expenditures, which we refer to as free cash flow. Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation can be 
found in our earnings press release. 

With that, it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Eric. 

Dr. Eric Schmidt, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you very much, Krista. And we're obviously very pleased with another strong quarter for Google. It's clear to us 
that we're well positioned for 2008 and beyond regardless of the business environment that we find ourselves 
surrounded by. The search ads and Apps strategy that we articulated last year is beginning to show transformative 
effects, literally things that people could not do before the products and services that we've offered in each of the 
categories. The business model continues to work very well and we've had good, disciplined management of our 
operating expenses, so thank you very much to the management team. It's also interesting to note that paid click growth 
is much higher than had been speculated by third parties. 

In search, we continue to invest in quality, particularly internationally, and quality improvements lead to increased 
traffic and share and quality here means that our algorithms, more content, deeper if you will into the web; a larger 
index, faster response, all that sort of thing. We have also applied things like Maps and Earth and geospatial 
information. It's all integrated in a way the people can find things and see things they could never do before. 

In ads, we continue to increase value for advertisers and publishers, again broader and deeper solutions; better tools for 
advertisers, many, many quality improvements in advertising, which has the interesting effect that it means that we are 
showing fewer but much better ads in each cycle. And that's a key part of the Google success story. We're putting more 
and more flexibility control in the hands of advertisers so they can decide exactly where their ads should go and 
measure it in a way using analytics they could not do before. And it's also important to note that DoubleClick has been 
added now to the portfolio and DoubleClick, hugely strategic for us. It allows us to offer a much more comprehensive 
solution for advertisers and publishers. This has been asked for long time, and now we are able to do it. 

So in the apps case, we are working to build out a whole new online web experience and we are beginning to have all 
the pieces now in place. For example, the recently announced Salesforce.com partnership allows us to integrate for an 
enterprise customer both the Salesforce.com products as well as all of the Google application services and sold through 
their direct sales operation. By doing these partnerships and by investing heavily in new applications models, we think 
people will spend more and more time online and they will able to do things like sharing documents, sharing calendars, 
dealing with photos, and all those kinds of things in a way that had not been possible before. 

This has all been possible because of the many, many talented Googlers and the executive leadership that we have seen 
in last quarter and I want to thank everybody for that. The Google model really does rely on technology and innovation, 
and the repeatable and scalable business that we have built is really poised for global growth. 


So with that, George, do you want take us through the numbers? 

George Reyes, Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Eric, and good afternoon everyone. Before we begin, please note that our consolidated results as reported 
today include the results of DoubleClick from March 11, the date of the acquisition, through the end of the quarter. The 
overall effect was immaterial of revenue and only slightly dilutive to operating income, net income, and earnings per 
share. 

Turning to our results, we had another strong quarter with gross revenue increasing 42% over Q1 of 2007 to 5.2 billion. 
Google.com performed very well, up 49% year over year to 3.4 billion, driven by strong traffic growth and to a lesser 
extent, monetization growth. AdSense revenue grew 25% over Q1 of 2007, reflecting solid performance across both the 
content and search networks. 

Now let's look at aggregate paid clicks growth. Aggregate paid clicks include clicks related to ads served on Google 
properties, as well as ads served on our partner sites. Aggregate paid clicks grew approximately 20% over Q1 of 2007 
and approximately 4% over Q4. Paid click growth on Google.com in the U.S. remains healthy, and other markets are 
showing strong growth as well. 

Now I'll discuss our international performance. International revenue increased to 2.65 billion, now accounting for 51% 
of total revenue. International markets have tremendous potential for growth. As is typical in the first quarter, the UK 
was strong with revenues of 803 million and 16% sequential growth as the travel and finance verticals rebounded as 
expected from Q4. Revenue growth in EMEA was primarily driven by the strong performance in the UK, Benelux, and 
the Nordic countries, fueled by strong pan-European performance in travel. We also saw solid gains in relatively 
smaller markets such as Ireland, Spain, and Italy. Asia and Latin America continue to show impressive growth as well, 
with India, Argentina, Australia, Japan being notable performers in the quarter. 

Now turning to expenses, traffic acquisition costs [TAC] were 1.5 billion or 29% of total advertising revenue, down 
from 30% in Q4. AdSense TAC was 1.3 billion, while TAC related to distribution partners and others who direct traffic 
to our websites totaled 143 million in the quarter. Other costs of revenue, which included 9 million in stock-based 
compensation, increased 108 million over Q4 to 624 million. The largest driver of the increase was the increase in costs 
related to our data centers including deprecation, equipment, and operations. We continue to anticipate that other cost 
of sales could increase going forward. 

Other than costs of revenue, operating expenses in Q1 totaled 1.5 billion, including approximately 272 million in 
stock-based compensation. Expenses related to payroll and facilities increased 53 million over Q4 to 809 million. 

At the end of the quarter, we had a full-time employee base of 19,156, including more than 1,500 heads from 
DoubleClick. Since the close of the acquisition, we've conducted a review of our ongoing head count requirements, and 
approximately 10% of the U.S. DoubleClick workforce was laid off in early April. An additional 15% approximately 
are expected to leave the company in the U.S. in the near to intermediate term because they are in a transitional role as 
they move through the system. These head count reductions apply only to the U.S. and do not include employees 
associated with the future planned divestitures of the Performics SEM business. To date there have been no head count 
reductions outside the U.S. 

On an organic basis excluding DoubleClick, we added approximately 800 employees in Q1, with the majority of new 
hires in engineering, followed by sales and marketing. We have implemented and continue to follow a disciplined 
hiring process in all areas of the organization. But as we've indicated in the past, we will continue to invest in our core 
business, both in the U.S. and internationally. 

Non-GAAP operating profit, which excludes stock-based compensation, increased to 1.8 billion in Q1, with non-GAAP 
margins of 35.2%, approximately 30 basis points above Q4. 


Turning to tax, our effective tax rate for Q1 was 24%, down from 25% in Q4 of '07, reflecting the mix of foreign versus 
domestic earnings. 

And finally turning to cash, operating cash flow remained strong at $1.78 billion, with CapEx for the quarter at $842 
million. As in previous quarters, the majority of our CapEx was related to IT infrastructure investments including data 
center construction, production of servers, and networking equipment. We expect to continue to make significant 
investments in CapEx in future quarters. Free cash flow, a non-GAAP measure which we define as cash flow from 
operations less CapEx, remained strong at 938 million, up 50% year over year. 

So in summary, we believe our results reflect the strength of our core business across our three primary initiatives, 
search, ads, and apps, with disciplined investments that position us very well to capitalize on the long-term 
opportunities we see for Google. 

Now I'll turn it over to Sergey. 

Sergey Brin, Co-Founder & President, Technology 

Thanks, George. We are obviously very excited about this past quarter. And in addition to the results you've heard so 
far, let me highlight some of the incredible search improvements we've made in the past 90 days. 

We have launched almost 100 search quality improvements just in this quarter, so we're talking about more than one 
per day including weekends. A lot of these have been international search quality improvements. And you will note just 
on the more visible things, our new tailored homepages in Asian markets. Japan now has a completely new homepage 
that's tailored to Japan; and our Korean search now has Universal Search results that you have seen in some other 
countries. We've also done a much better job selecting local country results and demoting foreign results in those 
countries. And as a result, we've actually seen our search quality measures uptick significantly in several countries. 

Also I just wanted to highlight some of the user interface improvements we've been doing. You will notice that you can 
now search within a site directly from the Google search results. So, you will get a top level site in your search results 
but if you want to further search within that site, there is a lower box right on the search results page and you can 
quickly do a query. If you search for something like NASA or IMDb, you will see examples of this. 

Now I've told you in the past year how we have deployed Universal Search and I know I mentioned it a number of 
times. But the work wasn't done with the initial launch. In fact over the past quarter, we've been able to – sorry over the 
past year since we launched it, we've been able to double the number of queries where we show these blended results, 
especially in Images, Video, and Books. And I am sure many of you are seeing this all the time. So it has really 
improved our ability to answer your questions. We've also deployed now Universal Search in a number of countries. 
We just added 17 countries that support the Maps Universal Search feature. 

And I want to also just highlight to you on the subject of Maps how we've been developing there. We've deployed 
Street View in 30 cities now, up 12 from the past quarter. And our new Street View API has let other sites integrate 
Street View over the net. We are also at the same time as we are spending the lot of effort collecting this data ourselves 
from Apps, we're including user contributed data. And in fact, we now allow users to correct information about local 
entities and locations on their maps. In fact you can see them; you can see recent changes as they happen right now if 
you go to maps.google.com/recentedits. 

I also want to quickly highlight that we have been working on difficult queries, the challenging ones, and we had a 
substantial initiative over this past quarter where we were able to make a very large improvement in what we consider 
the hardest 20% of our queries. That was a big achievement and it really stands out in my mind. 

Finally, let me just tell you little bit of our progress on Mobile because more and more people are accessing our search 
and other services through mobile devices. We've now launched a much faster search experience and it's now available 
in mobile in 40 languages, 4-0. Our mobile search traffic as a result and just due to market growth is growing very 
rapidly. And that's for search, but actually across other properties also, we've now launched a new version of our 


YouTube mobile site. And mobile users now get access to the entire library of videos. If you remember in the past, it 
was a subset because there was a little bit of a delay in transcoding, but now all of the videos are available. And we've 
had mobile playbacks increase tremendously. 

We also just wanted to highlight that we're pleased with our participation in the recent 700 megahertz spectrum auction. 
I know we did not come back within any spectrum wins yet. But I feel this has been an important experience for us and 
we are also very pleased with the results that winners will be adopting, these great open access concepts that I think 
will benefit consumers and developers alike. 

Anyhow, those are the highlights in Search and Maps and Mobile; and now Larry, over to you 

Larry Page, Co-Founder & President, Products 

Thank you, Sergey. I'm very excited about the quarter as well and I'm going to talk to you a little bit about ads and 
applications. So in ads, we did a bunch of things last quarter. One of the main areas was AdSense, where we made 
improvements for both publishers and advertisers. We launched Google Ad Manager for publishers, which helps ad 
publishers make their entire media inventory available on the AdSense network. And in testing, publishers really 
greatly increase their revenue with us, and so we're really excited about it. We also launched demographic targeting on 
social networks, which uses gender and age information from over 30 social networks to help advertisers place ads. 

Now switching gears to AdWords, one of the things we launched was a tool that gives customers better control and 
more data and those things are the Conversion Optimizer, which we first launched in Q3 '07. We are now seeing really 
rapid adoption across our advertiser base. And what that Conversion Optimizer does is let advertisers – or lets 
customers bid per customer conversion rather than per click, so you can pay basically when someone buys something 
rather than when someone clicks something. And as you can imagine, that really lets people optimize a lot better and 
we're really excited about getting wider and wider adoption on it; and it has really been taking off like we had hoped. 

In Analytics, we've had an industry benchmarking. Google Analytics, if you don't know what it is, it lets you track 
visitors to your website or your overall traffic how you're doing and so on. And industry benchmarking is a new feature 
we launched so that you can tell how you're doing against others in your same industry and that has been a very popular 
feature. And we find that Analytics customers, people who adopt Google Analytics, really just end up increasing their 
advertising spend with us as they better understand their metrics. 

Now let me switch gears and talk about YouTube. YouTube obviously, we are very excited about. It keeps growing 
extremely fast. We are up to about 10 hours of video uploaded every minute on YouTube. So, you can imagine just the 
rate of that is incredible. And we have in-video ads, which had great adoption on YouTube, and customers are 
increasing the size of their campaigns. We've now launched AdSense for video, so now that these in-video ads can run 
on sites besides YouTube. And they perform very well. We are seeing much better click-through ads than banner ads 
and that's a really big deal and we're really excited about that. 

Now we completed our acquisition of DoubleClick and we're very, very excited about that. Their technology and 
network of partners is a tremendous asset and we're very excited about what we can do together. We're working on 
combining our ad network with DoubleClick display ad management products. And together, that really helps 
publishers and advertisers generate more revenue. And that also can lead to much more rich and diverse content on the 
Internet. So, I think there are huge opportunities there, and we're very excited about how things are going so far. 

Now, in Apps, I will switch gears to Apps. We launched Google Sites, which is based on the JotSpot technology we 
acquired. It makes it easier for anyone to create and manage a website, and then makes it easier to add an entry as a 
wiki. It can be used for teams, projects, companies, schools; and we are already seeing a lot of people using that. 

We also rolled out Offline Docs using a new browser technology, Google Gears, where you get offline access to your 
Google Docs. And, I think people had assumed with these cloud applications, they're really great, they're easy to run, 
no installation of software, they wouldn't be able to run them offline. But we have a great new technology, Google 
Gears as I mentioned, that lets you run these new web applications even when you are not connected to the Internet, 


and I think that's a very big deal. 

We're also very excited about Salesforce.com partnership. Salesforce has integrated our Google Apps products into 
Salesforce. Now their users have very seamless, nice access to Google Apps within their Salesforce.com experience. 
And we are very, very excited about that as they are as well. 

Finally, I just wanted to mention a quick note on our culture, where we were really proud to win Fortune's Best Place to 
Work award for two years in a row. Something like this is an amazing honor to have. I think we expected it, but it's a 
really great thing. And we are also tops on Fast Company's Most Innovative Companies list. So we worked very hard to 
maintain the best possible environments for employees, and I think that's part of why you see the results that you do out 
of Google. 

Now I'll go to Eric. 

Dr. Eric Schmidt, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you very much, Larry. Why don't we go ahead and go to you all's questions and comments? We are interested in 
your thoughts on the quarter and any other insights you all might have. Krista, shall we get started? 

Krista Bessinger, Investor Relations 

Yes, operator, we are ready to go ahead and queue up for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Ben Schachter from UBS Securities. 

<Q - Benjamin Schachter>: Guys, congratulations on a nice quarter. I was wondering if you could talk about some of 
the key initiatives at DoubleClick and what are the areas of integration that you think will be most difficult. And related 
to that if you could give us an update on display and video ads and what types of ads you actually think are performing 
better and worse than expected. And then finally any update on the CFO search would be helpful. Thanks. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Ben, on the CFO search, we are very pleased that George has remained and doing a great job of 
course and we have a whole bunch of interesting candidates that we are reasonably close to. We have not made any 
offers yet. And again, it's an important position for us to fill but we're very hopeful in the short term. We also have the 
benefit of having Omid and Jonathan joining us as usual. Omid, do you want to answer the DoubleClick questions to 
get started and Jonathan maybe can help you? 

<A - Omid Kordestani>: Sure. We were just going through a very complete analysis of all the products and sales force 
and service activities. And fundamentally, we're looking at maintaining the customer momentum that DoubleClick has 
had and benefited from. And looking at it in a simple way, how do we get more of the advertising into the network, and 
more of their publishers benefiting from the advertising systems and the infrastructure that we are assembling together 
now. And the overall goal here is basically bringing more effectiveness, more accountability, more measurements that 
we've been asked for to deliver on. And this process in fact was exhaustively reviewed yesterday, and there's a strategy 
in place, and you'll hear of their product announcements in the coming months. 

From a customer relationship standpoint on the display side, we are very, very active in taking advantage of our 
properties, especially YouTube and the content network, to increase the customer engagements. Just this past quarter, I 
can just name a few of these names, which I think will indicate to you perhaps the nature of how we're utilizing the 
sales force really to reach significant types of customers that we haven't had as advertisers before. Nature Valley did an 


incredible campaign through YouTube, utilizing everything from the contest platform, brand channel, contest gadgets, 
the content network, FeedBurner, so the complete host of our products. Other names like FOREX, which used CPC 
placement targeting, Toyota. We actually even had the World Economic Forum at Davos using the YouTube platform, 
Dunkin' Donuts, VeriSign. So quite a diversity of advertisers now that we're working with to do this integrated 
relationship with us across all the properties. 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: Thanks, Omid. Hi, Ben; it's Jonathan. In terms of Display and the type of ads that are 
doing well, if you think about it from a big picture perspective, we really feel we're in a position to become the world's 
largest display ads provider. Over 90% of the daily impressions that we have are eligible for display ads, and pretty 
much all the publishers accept our new formats: the Gadget ads, the rich media creatives, which are served by a 
third-party tag, are pretty much all being adopted by folks. 

I think that the biggest thing that we're seeing that Omid alluded to in terms of the examples is the concept of an 
advertiser owning a concept across the entire web and finding their whole audience. Another example is Activision, 
where basically I think they used seven Google products to support the launch of the Tony Hawk Proving Ground 
game. And Search AFC, the YouTube homepage, and I think the InVideo format is working particularly well. And I 
guess the one thing I'd also add that we're getting traction on is mobile ads. 

<Q - Benjamin Schachter>: Great, thanks. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Thank you. Let's go to our next question. Thanks, Ben. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Justin Post from Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Justin Post>: Thanks, two quick questions, first could you talk about your Display model? Do you really see 
yourself being able to make really interesting profitability on network sites, or do you plan to maybe put some display 
advertising on your own websites, which appear to be growing very rapidly? And the second question maybe for 
George, just the other cost of revenue growth is about 80% if I back out some of the stock-based comps. I'm just 
wondering what's driving that, and is that YouTube-related at all? 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Jonathan and Sergey, maybe you want to talk a little bit about Display and how we're going to 
use it in our network in our own sites? 

<A - Sergey Brin>: This is Sergey. Just real quickly, I mean, there's certainly already sites that our Google-owned sites 
that run Display, such as YouTube for example is very obviously a very prominent one. It has a lot of inventory. And 
obviously that's going to beyond traditional display with the InVideo kinds of ads that Jonathan mentioned. I think 
there are some other Google properties that might be good fits, though we haven't made clear decisions. I mean, 
obviously more kind of visual sites like orkut, there's some potential, Google Images. But we don't have any specific 
plans to announce today in that respect. But I also think that we are certainly making progress on Display in our 
network also. And so I'm pretty optimistic on both fronts. 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: Yes, I guess the only thing I would add to that is now that we've got the DoubleClick 
acquisition behind us, we'll also offer the AdSense sites and media planning tool integrated with DART for advertisers 
by DoubleClick. So I think you'll see that that will substantially increase the lift that we're getting there. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: George, did you want to answer the...? 

<A - George Reyes>: Yes. Hey, Justin, George Reyes. So the driver that you're alluding to is basically driven by data 
center-related expenses, the associated depreciation that comes with that, and bandwidth costs, as well as some 
DoubleClick amortization. 

<Q - Justin Post>: Great, thank you. 


<A - Eric Schmidt>: And our next question? 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Doug Anmuth from Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - Douglas Anmuth>: Thank you very much for taking my question. You mentioned 100 quality improvements 
were implemented during the quarter. Can you talk about the degree to which you're already getting the price-per-click 
benefit and whether that's upped your expectations thus far? And then also do you still stand by your previous view that 
Google really isn't seeing any impact from the macro situation? Thank you. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: On the macro side – this is Eric – we've looked at this really carefully, and we do not see an 
impact as of this time. But we've also had the sort of internal conversation of, What would happen if it were to occur? 
And our conclusion is that we're well positioned should economics change to continue to do well because our model is 
so targeted. And targeted advertising does well in pretty much most scenarios we think. Sergey, Jonathan, do you want 
to talk a little bit about the other? 

<A - Sergey Brin>: Yes, let me just mention, so the 100 search quality improvements I mentioned were to the search 
quality. I wasn't referring to the advertising quality experience. But we've also made improvements there of course. If 
you recall, the clickable backgrounds that we eliminated recently, which while they reduced clicks a little bi, increased 
the quality of clicks, and I think our advertisers certainly appreciate that. But there are likewise – I don't know the exact 
number, but there are certainly dozens, if not 100, improvements in advertising quality that we also launched over this 
quarter. And that's going to benefit advertisers, and it's going to benefit end users who are going to see more relevant, 
interesting advertising. And obviously because those connections can be more fruitful, ultimately that benefits 
publishers as well. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: There is – go ahead, Jon. 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: Doug, this is Jonathan. Are you asking about what the specific ads quality improvements 
were? Or are you asking whether or not the degree to which the scope impacted pricing and RPM [Revenue per 
Thousand Page Views]? What specifically are you asking about the quality? 

<Q - Douglas Anmuth>: Well, obviously as much as you're going to share, Jon. But honestly I'm asking which quality 
improvements I guess on the advertising side would you say have had the biggest benefits thus far? 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: Sure. 

<Q - Douglas Anmuth>: And are they driving price-per-click to the degree to which you expected them to? 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: Sure, quality improvements intra-quarter, so Sergey mentioned there were quite a few. I 
think there were relatively fewer in terms of the impact in the quarter than we typically have. I think that was primarily 
not due to the number, but it was due to the fact that more of them came relatively late in the quarter compared to 
previous quarters. I think the biggest ones that we at least alluded to publicly that Sergey didn't mention are the landing 
page quality improvement. We've removed a lot of the made-for-ad pages. So there's been some substantial 
improvements there. 

There also have been some policy changes – the visible and final URL policy matching so that users always know 
where they end up when they're clicking on an ad, which we think in the long run is very positive. I think we also 
announced the change in the UK trademarks policy so that we now remove the restrictions on ads on trademarked 
keywords in the UK, which is the way that we have it in the States. These are all things that are great for users. I think 
that UK piece isn't going to go live until Q2, so I'm not sure it had much impact in the quarter. 

But the one other thing that I saw some folks had noticed was just a very modest test, which was our automatic 
matching beta test. And that's basically trying to extend an advertiser campaign's reach by finding ads on relevant 
searches that aren't triggered by the advertiser's keyword. But that's really relatively modest because that's just an initial 


test that we just started. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Just to add one more clarification, we often don't know the exact improvement that we're going to 
see in the very short term. So at least from my perspective, I'm more concerned that the improvements be put in place 
and that they work well, and indeed we're very pleased that they do. And then of course we will get the benefit as the 
advertiser see those and as the network takes advantage of it. And we can take the long view of that. Next question? 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Mark Mahaney from Citi. 

<Q - Mark Mahaney>: I wanted to ask Sergey about some of the mobile data points. Are there enough data points? 
Do you have enough experience, particularly in international markets now, to know what the economics of mobile 
search could look like relative to the PC search? Are the leads being generated off of mobile devices as qualified more 
so or less so? Are advertisers willing to pay more or less for that? 

And then I want to ask another question on the paid clicks. That 20% year-over-year growth is obviously much better 
than was feared. There still is a pretty clear level of deceleration in the paid click growth on a year-over-year basis. 
Even if your trend line is going back a year and half, part of that must be due to your quality initiatives. Do you think 
about it terms of trying to get to a paid click growth at a certain anniversarying of these quality improvements whereby 
that growth will remain in the 20% or low, high-double, or low-double digit rates at a more sustainable basis because of 
these quality improvements? Thank you. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Sergey, do you want to talk about mobile? 

<A - Sergey Brin>: Yes, on mobile, I don't have the hard stats in front of me right this very second. But I can tell you 
anecdotally what I've seen. In the countries and markets where mobile has developed in the sense that devices have 
high resolution, networks have low latency, the experience works, which basically are Japan and a few others that are 
up and coming, the mobile search and ads work very well. And I don't have the exact data in front of me right now, as I 
said, but there is certainly nothing to dissuade me that it would be substantially worse than a traditional desktop search. 

I think that if you look in the U.S. and Europe, which are a little bit behind those but I think are progressing, I think 
you'll increasingly see a greater volume and a greater quality of mobile usage and consequently advertising conversion 
ultimately. 

Now you have a significant challenge in mobile that the screens are much smaller. So you can't just go displaying 
nearly as much advertising or take as much space. On the other hand, you have much more relevant and timely 
information like what the location of the person might be, and so that on balance leaves me quite optimistic. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: The short answer to your deceleration question is the answer is no. We look at the problem of 
paid clicks as one of the components of an overall quality improvement. And we know that if we can improve 
aggregate quality, we know that the value of a click, number of clicks, and so forth will grow, and they'll grow at 
whatever the technology will allow. So if you look, our absolute growth rate has been very, very significant. And we're 
very, very optimistic that this model of staying focused on quality will give us not only the strongest ad network, but a 
much broader set of solutions for advertisers. And it works well. 

<Q - Mark Mahaney>: Thank you, Eric. Thank you, Sergey. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Our next question? 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from James Mitchell from Goldman Sachs. 


<Q - James Mitchell>: Great, thank you very much for taking the question. One question was with regards to the user 
response to Universal Search in non-U.S. territories where you have you rolled it out, and in particular why do you 
think Universal Search can help you gain share in those countries where you're not the market leader and where the 
incumbent lacks comparable functionality? 

The other question was just looking back over the past few quarters, I believe you'd noticed your business was less 
seasonally affected in the summer months of 2007 than in prior years. Do you think that something is structurally 
changing your business to reduce seasonality or do you think that 2007 was erratic in some way? Thank you 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: On the seasonality I'm not sure I agree with that characterization. There are so many variables 
that have to do with product improvements, product launches, customer deals, renewing, change in TAC rates, all of 
these kinds of things. It's very difficult to say that looking at an aggregate number, and in particular a change in 
seasonal growth rate, was a very big deal. We know there is a seasonality in the business. It's very difficult for us to 
know exactly where it is. As you correctly pointed out, Q2 and Q3 are traditionally weaker quarters. And my guess is 
that that will be simply true because the majority of Internet users are still in the Northern Hemisphere, which is where 
people tend to take summer vacations. Sergey, do you want to talk about Universal Search? 

<A - Sergey Brin>: Yes, on Universal Search, I think Universal Search is a very big win from a point of view of the 
search experience. Now in some of these international markets, like if you look at Korea, in fact the local competitors 
there do have something that's very much akin to Universal Search. So in fact I think that the people's expectations 
there are already to have Universal Search results. And so it's not necessarily something new we're introducing to them 
there, though I think our ability to rank and bring in these diverse corpuses that we have I think will surprise people, 
and they will be impressed by how good it is. 

In other markets, you're right. I think that these additional corpuses and our ability to blend is a substantial distinction. 
And I think we're going to benefit from that effect. And in fact obviously we have lots of international or foreign 
language videos and images and so forth, and we have a certain number of books as well in there. So I think we are 
going to benefit from all that hard work that we've put into those corpuses. 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: This is Jonathan just adding one narrow point and one broad point on your questions 
about seasonality. Narrowly within each quarter, there are things that make one year significantly different from 
another. This year, you had Easter falling actually in Q1, whereas in previous years it's fallen in Q2. On the other hand, 
offsetting that this year, you had a leap year, which in this year was actually on a Friday. Although since it added one 
more day in the quarter, the net result of leap year was giving us one more Monday in the quarter. And when you think 
about that, that actually equates to something in the ballpark of about 1%. 

The broader question in terms of the business moving forward with respect to seasonality is highly dependent on 
market share. In many markets if you look historically, we were gaining share. And in some cases in previous years, 
that significantly masked seasonality. In markets where we have very, very high share, then the business starts to look 
more seasonal in nature than it has in the past. 

<Q - James Mitchell>: Thank you for those very comprehensive answers. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Let's move to our next question. Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll take our question from Imran Khan from JPMorgan. 

<Q - Imran Khan>: Yes, hi; thank you taking my questions, two questions. Larry, you talked about monetization 
improvement for social networking, how you are doing more demographic targeting. Could you please give us some 
color like what kind of progress you made monetizing social networking compared to Q4? And second question is 
regarding how you're improving the search quality in the international market. Can you give us some sense in terms of 
the frequency of search in your lesser developed countries like Continental Europe compared to more developed like 


U.S. and UK, the frequency of search volume per person? Thank you. 
<A - Larry Page>: Yes, this is Larry. About social networking monetization, I think it has been an area where we have 
really applied a lot of new technologies, and then some of the demographic targeting we started has been very 
successful. I think the challenge and the opportunity there – there is a huge amount of inventory. We have obviously 
MySpace; orkut, our network; and a number of other social networks. And there is a lot of usage of those. So, there is a 
tremendous amount of inventory, and some part of it is just getting that advertiser ecosystem built up and people 
targeting that inventory and doing it in a way that makes sense for those advertisers. So, I think we've made a lot of 
improvements and I'm optimistic that there are more improvements to be made. That's balanced against tremendous 
inventory levels in those areas which – it takes some time for advertisers to really realize they are there and start 
targeting effectively. 

<A - Sergey Brin>: This is Sergey. I don't think we consider Continental Europe less developed. I do think that in the 
advertising space, we have seen that they are coming up on the ramp that the U.S. and UK might have been year or two 
ago. So that obviously gives us great opportunity for growth advertising-wise. 

But in terms of basic Internet usage and searches per user, while once again I don't have the data in front of me, what 
we've seen is typically it just depends on broadband penetration and quality of broadband. And the more people have 
access to great networks and computers to use them, the more searches and overall Internet usage they will do. And 
that's why you see this skew during the week that Monday to Friday, we do tend to get a lot more usage than we do on 
the weekends. And obviously part of that's because people are relaxing off the Internet on weekends, but part of it is 
also is that typically often people at home don't have as good a connectivity and Internet access as they do at the office. 

<Q - Imran Khan>: Okay, thank you. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Our next question. Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Christa Quarles from Thomas Weisel Partners. 

<Q - Christa Quarles>: Hi; yes, first question I guess you mentioned in the UK that travel and finance rebounded. I 
was just wondering if you could discuss travel, finance, and hopefully retail more broadly across the U.S. and some of 
your other geographies in terms of strength and any relative weakness. 

And then the second question is just should Yahoo! choose to outsource part of search to you, I was wondering if you 
can just discuss philosophically what the benefit would be to Google's own properties in the sense that you have a 
broader or deeper ad network, broader advertising if you will, coming to the site? Thanks. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: On the Yahoo! question, we are very excited to be participating in this test. This is the beginning 
of the second week on the test. And I don't think it's really appropriate to speculate beyond that. But it's nice to be 
working with Yahoo! and we like them very much. Omid, do you want to answer the UK question or Jonathan? Who 
has the best data here? 

<A - Omid Kordestani>: We will both probably take this on. I mean in general, what we are seeing is that these 
verticals really behave by region, as you are indicating, and there are the factors that determine for example in the 
geography. We talked about this in the past, the renewal rates of finance or travel reservations that get done in UK 
drive those verticals. I think in general we saw in Q1 a bit of slowdown in retail, some postponement of budgets. But 
we haven't seen anything that significantly indicates to us that one vertical or another is that risky. We just are going 
deeper into these accounts, and in some cases when the budgets are delayed, it's made up by other online categories. 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: Yes, thanks Omid, this is Jonathan. I think what we are – if you think about what 
economists would typically theorize in a macroeconomic climate that was slowing, they would look at sectors like 
some of the ones you mentioned; automotive, luxury goods. We also track travel and finance. And you'd look for the 
ones that are more sensitive to macroeconomic conditions, and look and see what's going on with them. What we tend 


to see is that clicks in some of those sensitive areas do grow a little less rapidly than our overall growth, so the share of 
their total queries is actually down. But on an absolute basis, they are all showing healthy growth in ad revenue. 

In the UK, for example, people are clicking on travel and local ads at a higher rate than they do in the U.S. In finance, 
although certain components of finance are down, foreclosures are up, and even mortgages do pretty well. If you think 
about foreclosures, every foreclosure at some point becomes a home sale and a mortgage to somebody. So, generally, 
what we are seeing is absolute growth even in those areas that are otherwise adversely impacted by macroeconomic 
conditions. 

<Q - Christa Quarles>: And so you're basically indicating that you would even see price improvements in those areas 
as the conversion rates – or the conversions continue. 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: Yes, it varies. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: I think the best way to say it is that it's possible that prices grow up in that situation simply 
because of the great value of targeted advertising. Why don't we keep going? Let's get our next question. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Brian Pitz of BoA Securities. 

<Q - Brian Pitz>: Thanks. Can you talk about how much of your international growth is really due to the sunsetting of 
European best practice funding? And then separately, would you provide any updates on China and perhaps discuss any 
new initiatives that Kai-Fu Lee and team may be working on over there? Thanks. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Sorry, could you repeat the second question? 

<Q - Brian Pitz>: Sure, just updates on China, and the team Kai-Fu Lee, things that they're working on over there, 
some initiatives we may not have heard about? 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: On the China side, things are going well. Why don't we move to our next question. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Ross Sandler from RBC. 

<Q - Ross Sandler>: Great, thanks for taking my question guys. Looking at the U.S. growth rate of 30% 
approximately in the first quarter, if you had to characterize your small-medium sized self signup advertisers versus 
your large agency or direct enterprise size advertisers, which segment was growing faster in the quarter relative to that 
30%? Thanks. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Again, I'm sorry. We had a phone problem here. Could you just repeat the substance of the 
question again? 

<Q - Ross Sandler>: Sure, the growth rate in the U.S. is 30% year over year. If you had to characterize which area was 
growing faster between the small-medium sized self signup advertisers on your platform versus the larger agency or 
direct enterprise type clients, which was the faster growing segment in the quarter? That's it, thanks. 

<A - Omid Kordestani>: I don't have the actual breakdown in front of me right now, this is Omid. What I will say is 
we are doing very interesting collaboration between both of our channels. In fact, in some regions we have three with 
some resellers involved. And one of the things we tend to do is just try to put our relationships with the customers into 
the right channels. So in many cases where we find that we can in a very effective way service our clients through our 
online organization, we do that and that organization in fact has top tier clients now that are even some brand names 
that are well served by our organization. 


What we're trying to do with the direct sales organization is really focus on just higher end calls into the C-level if you 
will to the CMO level, where we are also representing the full suite of products and the integrated campaigns between 
YouTube in the U.S. Obviously, we're also experimenting with a lot of the new initiatives from TV to radio advertising. 
And so we can perhaps on a follow-up call get you more specific stats on the different geographies and the ratios 
between those two channels. But there is a lot of movement of customers that we do again to optimize the relationship 
with the customers. 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: This is Jonathan just trying to add little more to color to Omid. Yes, we definitely tend to 
see that it is the larger customers that are the bigger drivers of growth. Whether or not on a relative basis since the 
previous year they were bigger drivers, I think is unclear. But we have released a lot of tools like Analytics and the 
Conversion Optimizer and those are the type of things that tend to get adopted disproportionately by the larger, more 
sophisticated advertisers. And we do see that as advertisers adopt those tools, it substantially fuels growth. So there 
certainly is significant growth with the larger advertisers. 

<Q - Ross Sandler>: Okay, thank you. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Let's go to our next question, thank you. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Heath Terry from Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Heath Terry>: Great, thank you. I was wondering; you mentioned that you are seeing much better click-throughs 
on the overlay ads versus your normal on the banner ad. By our measure, we're only seeing running overlay ads 
running on content where you have clear relationships like the NBA and Universal Music. What are the barriers to 
running ads on a broader spectrum of YouTube's inventory, particularly the user generated content that you've got? 

<A - Omid Kordestani>: Heath, this is Omid. What we're really focused on right now is working with YouTube 
management, Chad and team, to really actually go from if you will the plumbing and work all the way up to what the 
customers and advertisers see. There is a lot of integration work going on. YouTube is already a large DoubleClick 
customer and we are trying to basically streamline how the integration of DoubleClick and YouTube can be improved 
and how so we take advantage of our ad networks so that more of these advertisers could be represented. How do we 
work with the owners of content, videos are generated or otherwise to actually find the right matchup with the right 
advertiser so we basically have a much better targeting of ads and also promotion of the right types of content. 

So it's a very comprehensive plan that we have put in place. We have a 2008 plan that has very specific milestones 
from again all the way from the systems and infrastructure that we need to provide that integration all the way to the 
different types of ads. I think it's very early to make any kind of a judgment about which ads are working well and 
which ones are we are really trying to have be integrated campaigns tried out by the sales force and our customers and 
do a lot of learning and settle on the product roadmap. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Thank you. Let's have a couple more questions. And it looks like we missed a question, so maybe 
we could get that caller to call back in as well. Operator, let's go ahead, next question. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from David Joseph from Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - David Joseph>: Yes, hi just a quick question or there are two. As you integrate DoubleClick into AdSense, 
should we expect that to be a growth driver in addition to contextual ads or is it possible it actually starts to catalyze 
contextual advertising? Also how is Google Ad Manager going to coexist with the DoubleClick technology or ad 
serving technology? And also, should we assume that obviously DoubleClick is recognized in AdSense revenue from 
here on out? Thank you. 


<A - Omid Kordestani>: In terms of the DoubleClick products, this is Omid. We really are optimistic that where we 
are headed to is what our head of sales in the U.S., Tim Armstrong, calls the CMO dashboard. What our hope is that by 
basically providing the integration across the board here, we end up having in a simple way again more – a lot of 
DoubleClick DART access, more AdWords advertisers, and having the DoubleClick advertisers have access to the 
AdSense network. And that's our goal and so we're really hoping that all of this will be incremental and that ultimately 
we get to a point where the CMOs can have a very effective way to measure the effectiveness of the advertisers and do 
the right allocation of their ad budgets across the board here. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Jonathan, do you want to add anything to that? 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: I think the only obvious thing that is the adding more display creates more competition 
among advertisers. We'll have more premium inventory from publishers, and those things will certainly be added to 
fuel each other. And we certainly don't think DART plus AdSense is going to result in any kind of cannibalization. So, 
there are plenty of reasons to believe that there are positive dynamics and it's unclear that there are any negative ones. 

<Q - David Joseph>: Great, thank you. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Our next question? 

Operator 

And we will take our next question from Brian Pitz from BoA Securities. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Thanks, Brian. It appears as though we didn't hear your question because there was a phone 
problem, so I apologize. Maybe you could ask your question again, and we will restart it up. 

<Q - Brian Pitz>: Sure, no problem. I'm just wondering how much of your international growth was due to the 
sunsetting of the European Best Practice Funding [BPF] that you guys talked about before. And then separately, you 
mentioned 90% of impressions are eligible for Display. Can you talk about the effective CPM difference between 
display ad formats versus text links on your network? Thanks. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: On the first question, Omid, do you want to talk about, and could you repeat your China question 
for me? 

<Q - Brian Pitz>: Yes, just an update on China. We just wanted to get a sense for any new initiatives that you were 
actually – the company was working on over in China. There have been some articles out. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Let me give you a sense on the China situation. We are seeing market share growth and good 
revenue growth as we have learned to operate in that environment. Although the advertising business is nascent in 
China, the fact of the matter is that the Chinese Internet is so large, that even on a small basis, the numbers add up to 
quite a significant with good growth rate. We believe that China will continue to be a good market for us as we 
hopefully gain share. We have significant new products with respect to Chinese knowledge, Chinese users, Chinese 
language, Chinese search, and that's our core goal, so the message there is good. Omid, do you want to talk about the 
international? 

<A - Omid Kordestani>: Yes, on BPF, really it was something we announced a while back. And our goal really is 
have a very successful relationship with agencies across the world. We just felt that the previous program and actually 
the goal of the program was really to reward the way we engage properly together in servicing advertisers and also 
going after these new initiatives. The real performance in Europe comes from the great work that the European team is 
doing and really understanding the dynamics of the business, putting the right customers in the right channels, in each 
region really understanding the dynamics of each industry vertical that we are selling into, and paying attention to the 
seasonality effects and where to put them, put the resources in servicing and selling clients. 

On the CPM/CPC question, we really – our goal there is simply to allow again the advertisers to pay the way they wish 
between the display products and the text product. And ultimately, the goal here is to focus on conversions for them, so 


however best they can measure and achieve their campaign objectives. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Jonathan, did you want to talk about Display? 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: The question specifically related to content and display and the dynamics in terms of how 
they interact and how that works and how that's going. 

<Q - Brian Pitz>: It is more along lines of just the effective CPM difference between display formats and text links on 
the network. So... 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: I mean basically what we are doing is we are trying to come up with a way they manage 
the auction so that you can have the display ads competing with the text ads. And multiple text ads basically in the 
auction have to compete in such a manner that they trump the value of the display ads, so typically three text ads versus 
one display ad unit. And we're still basically working through the – so that's basically how it works. I am not quite sure 
what else you're asking. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Why don't we go ahead and get our last question. Thank you very much, Brian. 

<Q - Brian Pitz>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll take a question from Mark May from Needham & Company. 

<Q - Mark May>: Thanks for taking my question which is focused on the U.S. revenues, which grew $29 million 
sequentially. If one were to make an estimate of DoubleClick's contribution, one might conclude that the U.S. revenues 
were flat to maybe up marginally sequentially. Eric, I think earlier you said you're not really seeing a meaningful 
impact on the business from the macroeconomic environment. I think it was also mentioned that the majority of the 
search quality improvements occurred outside the U.S. So the question is, is the sequential growth that you put up this 
quarter which is far lower than what it has been in the past, is that more reflection of where we are in the search cycle, 
search ad cycle in the U.S. given that it's not really macroeconomic. That would be great. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: We know what it's not. And we know it is not macroeconomic. It can have as much to do with 
the timing of deals, partner activity, the timing of product rollouts, and the maturity as you pointed out of the U.S. 
market, also the rate at which the search quality improvements play out within the quarter as well as advertising quality 
because again they don't necessarily implement exactly linearly in the quarter across every geography. Jonathan, do 
you want to add any perspective to that? 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: I think the only obviously thing to look at, you have to be very careful when you look at 
the annualized year-over-year comparisons to try to isolate the impact in a quarter. The biggest thing that you would 
separate out there from the U.S. relative to international is that in the base quarter that you comparing to, which should 
be this quarter last year, we added a lot of really big partners in Q1 of last year to AdSense. And so relative to that year, 
this year we didn't have that many incremental partners to add, so I think that everything else being constant otherwise, 
leading you to see what appears to be a relative reduction in the U.S., but it's primarily a factor of that. There is also the 
AdSense for Domains cleanup, which we talked about earlier. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: And my guess is that the two that Jonathan described are the primary cause and we have to go 
back and really back solve it to be sure. 

Dr. Eric Schmidt, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer 

Let's finish up by saying first thank you very much for everybody spending – your time is valuable thing and listening 
for more than hour, listening to us and talking about Google. I also wanted to take a minute to thank Omid for 
something. I don't know, Omid, if you remember, but right after I started here, I told you to go get on an airplane and 


go build some international operations. You flew to London, and the rest is history. This is the quarter where we are 
now 51% international revenue, and I don't think that percentage is going to go down. The world is a very big place; 
congratulations to our international sales teams, our international leadership for making Google a truly global company. 
Thank you all. 

Operator 

And this concludes today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


