Q2 2007 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Maria Shim, Manager – Investor Relations 
• Eric Schmidt, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
• George Reyes, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Sergey Brin, Co-Founder and President, Technology 
• Larry Page, Co-Founder & President, Products 
Other Participants 

• Anthony Noto 
• Imran Khan 
• Jonathan Rosenberg 
• Mark Mahaney 
• Mary Meeker 
• Omid Kordestani 
• Benjamin Schachter 
• Robert Peck 
• Justin Post 
• Brian Pitz 
• Christa Sober Quarles 
• Douglas Anmuth 
• Heath Terry 
• Youssef Squali 
• Gene Munster 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day everyone and welcome to the Google Inc. Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I would 
like to turn the call over to Ms. Maria Shim, Investor Relations Manager. Please go ahead. 

Maria Shim, Manager – Investor Relations 

Good afternoon. Welcome to our second quarter 2007 earnings call. On the call with us today are Eric Schmidt, Chief 
Executive Officer; George Reyes, Chief Financial Officer; Larry Page, Founder and President of Products; Sergey Brin, 
Founder and President of Technology; Jonathan Rosenberg, Senior Vice President of Product Management; and Omid 
Kordestani, Senior Vice President of Global Sales and Operations. Eric, George, Larry, and Sergey will provide some 
thoughts on the quarter, and then we will have Jonathan and Omid join us for your questions. 

This call is being webcast from our Investor Relations website. Our press release issued a few minutes ago is now 
posted on our website as well as presentation slides that will accompany today's prepared remarks. A replay of this call 
will be available within a few hours. 


Some of the comments we will make today are forward-looking including statements regarding our investments in our 
business, seasonality, our traffic acquisition costs, increases in cost of sales, plans to continue to invest in 
personalization, international growth, growth in our head count, and expected level of capital expenditures. 

These statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from 
those anticipated by these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak as of today and you 
should not rely on them as representing our views in the future, and we undertake no obligation to update these 
statements after this call. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter 
ended March 31st, 2007, as well as our earnings release posted a few minutes ago on our website for a more detailed 
description of the risk factors that may affect our results. 

Copies of these documents may be obtained from the SEC or by visiting the Investor Relations section of our website. 
Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on this call such as EPS, net income, operating margin, and 
operating income are expressed on a non-GAAP basis and have been adjusted to exclude charges related to stock-based 
compensation. We have also adjusted our net cash provided by operating activities to remove capital expenditures, 
which we refer to as free cash flow. We report our GAAP results, as well as provide reconciliations of these non-GAAP 
measures to GAAP financial measures in our earnings release. 

With that, I would like turn the call over to Eric. 

Eric Schmidt, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you very much, and thank you all for joining us in your busy day. We have once again delivered strong revenue 
performance particularly on core Google.com search and strong cash flow in our seasonally weak quarter, we are very 
– obviously we are pleased with that. 

Traffic is stronger than we expected on Google.com both domestically and internationally with annual traffic growth 
actually increasing over time, which is a very positive surprise. We are clearly doing the right things to attract and 
retain users. You can see this in the success of our many products. We are very focused now on people spending their 
time searching, using information online and doing it in a global way. 

The summer seasonality that we always talk about does appear to be milder than we expected, which is also a good 
news. We are improving our ability to monetize searches as we do every quarter with another strong quarter of ads 
quality improvements. But we're still continuing to see strength in revenue per query and click-through rate. And the 
pace of ads quality innovation is strong as we continue to scale up this effort and build up on our expertise. It's a big 
area of investment for us and an important one. 

So we have continued to make in significant investments, that we have previously discussed, to growing rapidly, 
building the best infrastructure, hire the best to extend our footprint internationally, all the things that we have talked 
about building better and better products and invest in doing so in the model that we have talked about 70/20/10, 20% 
time, and that sort of thing. 

The data center is reducing latency, increasing search indices, et cetera. Network effects are driven by scale, and 
Google is the beneficiary of that. By focusing on the best talents, and we have talked about this as well, we have a 
growing percentage of international hires and the international office is contributing to the global product set. 

We are building now localized products for each of these markets and we are seeing significant gains in terms of our 
role and our impact on each of these languages and cultures in ways that matter to end users. And of course we're still 
applying the kind of discipline that we have always talked about with respect to making strategic long-term investments 
and short-term profits. 

So we are busy executing on our search ads, and apps strategy at scale all around the world. It is a focused strategy with 
these three pillars that will really grow the Google ecosystem. 


From a Google perspective, when we look at the quarter, one area we exceeded over our expense plan was head count. 
We're now very pleased with the talent that we've bought on board, but going forward we will watch this area very 
closely. 

So when I look at the quarter we are very pleased with what we are delivering. The product model is working, our 
global growth strategy is working, our innovation model is working, and we continue to be an innovator at scale. And 
we certainly expect that to continue. I do want to mention, as I have before, the second quarter which we just completed 
and the third quarter that we are in are seasonally weaker in traffic than the first and four, and we would of course 
expect that to be true for many, many years to come. 

Let me turn it over the George for his comments, and then I will join you at the end. Go ahead George. 

George Reyes, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Eric, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll go through a discussion of the quarter quickly so that we can allow 
more time for your questions. Gross revenue increased to 3.9 billion, representing 58% growth over last year. Despite 
expected seasonal weakness, we experienced particular strength in our Google.com properties, driven primarily by 
stronger than expected traffic growth globally as well as continued improvements in ads quality. 

As Eric mentioned earlier, the pace of ads quality innovation was strong with the aggregate of these improvements 
positively impacting Google.com revenue. Revenue from Google.com properties was $2.5 billion, representing a 
year-over-year growth of 74% and sequential growth of 9%. 

Now I'll turn to AdSense revenue, which grew 36% over the last year and was approximately flat at 1.35 billion. 
Growth in AdSense was affected by several factors including typical seasonality that we see in our network during Q2, 
and to a lesser extent changes to the AdSense implementation of certain AdSense research partners that were less 
favorable to revenue. 

We also implemented changes that improved the user experience on our network as well as provide more value to 
advertisers. For instance, AdSense for content revenue was affected by policy changes, such as termination of 
publishers who were not meeting our quality thresholds, partially offset by strong revenue growth from other AdSense 
for content partners. 

Let's now look at aggregate paid clicks growth. To remind you, aggregate paid clicks include clicks related to ads 
served on Google properties as well as ads served on our partner sites. Aggregate paid clicks grew approximately 47% 
over Q2 of last year and were roughly flat with Q1 levels reflecting the typical seasonal pattern we see in Q2. 

Let me now discuss our international performance. We continue to make significant international investments and we 
are seeing the benefits of this strategy. International revenue increased to 48% of total revenue or roughly 1.8 billion 
driven primarily by strong growth in Europe, despite weaker seasonal traffic trends. Spain, Italy, and France, in 
particular, outperformed in Q2, while Germany along with the U.K. were significant drivers of revenue growth. The 

U.K. came in with revenues of 600 million and 4% sequential growth. Our substantial investments in R&D, sales and 
marketing, as well as infrastructure are benefiting our smaller markets as well with healthy growth rates in markets like 
Brazil, China, and Korea. 
Now turning to expenses, traffic acquisition costs were 1.15 billion and 30% of total advertising revenue, down from 
31% in Q1. AdSense TAC was just over $1 billion, while TAC-related to distribution partners and others who direct 
traffic to our websites totaled 87 million in the quarter. As we grow our AdSense partner network and embark upon 
new initiatives, we may see additional pressure on TAC rates going forward. 

Other costs of revenue increased 67 million over the prior quarter primarily as a result of increases in costs related to 
data centers including depreciation, equipment, and operations. We anticipate that other cost of sales will continue to 
increase going forward. 


Looking at operating expenses; operating expenses in Q2 other than cost of revenue included 234 million in 
stock-based compensation and totaled 1.2 billion. The growth in OpEx was primarily driven by increases in expenses 
related to payroll and facilities, which was 625 million in the quarter. 

One of the larger drivers of payroll expense was the company bonus plan. This was due in part to a revision of our 
bonus accrual methodology that will allow us to more proportionally recognize the related expenses each quarter. This 
all led to a higher bonus accrual in Q2, which includes a catch-up from Q1 and affected all expense line items. 

A second factor driving expenses was head count growth, which led to higher payroll expenses. We added 1,548 
employees in Q2, the majority in sales and marketing, and engineering. And at the end of the quarter, we have full-time 
employee base of 13,786. The percentage of our international hires, new hires also continued to rise demonstrating our 
commitment to further scale the business internationally. We have grown quickly to address strategic opportunities and 
as we grow, we are applying increased discipline when making investments and taking a careful look at how we 
allocate resources efficiently across the world. 

Turning to operating profit, non-GAAP operating profit which excludes stock-based compensation was 1.3 billion with 
non-GAAP operating margins of 35%, a decline from 38% in Q1. 

Now turning to cash flow – operating cash flow was strong at 1.2 billion and CapEx for the quarter declined to 575 
million. The majority of our CapEx was again related to IT infrastructure investments including production of servers, 
data center construction, and networking equipment. We will continue to make these investments going forward as our 
infrastructure and resources make possible such innovations as Universal Search and will further our leadership 
position in the industry. Free cash flow, a non-GAAP measure, which we define as cash flow from operations less 
CapEx, increased to 655 million. 

So in summary, we believe our results reflect the strength of our core search in ads business while our significant and 
disciplined investment positions going forward will allow us to leverage everything that we've been doing at Google. 

Now, I will turn it over to Sergey. 

Sergey Brin, Co-Founder and President, Technology 

Thanks, George. I am really excited to tell you about what we've accomplished in the past quarter, especially with 
respect to search. And of course search remains the heart of what we do. We had a big launch this past quarter in 
particular with the Universal Search. This means now when you search on google.com and soon it will be available on 
our international domains. You are going to get results from both web as well as image, video, news, maps and books 
altogether. And, this may seem simple but in fact this has taken a lot of infrastructure work just to be able to do all the 
computation across all those corpuses, as well as the algorithms that allow us to rank those disparate types of 
information together. 

Just a couple days ago, I was researching on old IBM, kind of mainframe system from the 1960s. I created on Google 
and I had never occurred to meet the search for videos on that kind of query. But in fact, there were great videos and 
they popped up and I watched both IBM's promotional videos from the '60s as well as fantastic, kind of looking back, 
kind of research history video about that particular computer. It turned out to be very useful to me. And I expect that 
other users also find this useful, along with all the other corpuses I mentioned not just video. It's just amazing where 
you don't think the search for something you are looking for, where the information could just be fantastic. 

On the international front, we've been making great strides. We are actually now experimenting with, trying new clients 
of homepages, for example, in Korea, Taiwan, and Hong Kong that are completely different types than we have tried 
before on our U.S. site as well as our European sites. And we think it will be more appropriate for the local cultures and 
their contacts and their broadband connections, which for example, in Korea are extraordinarily fast. The initial results 
by the way have been coming back quite positive. So, we are optimistic about that. 


Big launch that maybe we don't appreciate so much in the U.S. is Cross-Language Information Retrieval. And what that 
means is that if you run your query in one language, and by the way don't forget many users out there if they don't 
speak English, they can only get in their language about a tenth of the information phase available on the web as in 
English. So, it's much smaller set. But now when they do the query, we will actually run that query in other languages, 
including language – including English and get back the results and translate them back. And this is just, I mean this is 
really phenomenal, this is really opening the true power of the web to people who don't speak necessarily English and 
by the way it works in English too. So, occasionally when you get stuff, and it's only in French or Italian or what not 
you will get it back. I'm very excited about this particular web. 

Now, in addition to search, of course we have been working on our iGoogle page, though the personalized homepage as 
we used to call it. It's launched in 18 new domains. It's one of our fastest growing products and we've been affecting 
fantastic gadgets for them, the little modules that you plug in. I have – like about 20 on my homepage. It's really good 
way to be able to see bunch of information at once not have to navigate to disparate sites. And we've launched gadget 
maker, which lets – people who aren't – JavaScript and AJAX wizards in their own rights. It actually create gadgets, so 
they are going to be useful for things like sharing photos, planning events and what not. This is just one aspect in the 
way that we are personalizing the web and I think we are going to continue to invest top three resources in this area. 

Now jumping ahead, while there are so many things I'd like to tell you about some of our web efforts, I only have 
limited time here. On ads, we've been doing a lot of work on that as always and our goal is to connect advertisers with 
people who really care about their advertisements, who are really interested in their products. So, the most important 
thing is the quality of our ad systems. And Q2 was really strong quarter. We had lots of launches of different ad quality 
improvements, improvements in the algorithms and though we had good results with our advertisers and with our 
publishers as well. We also enhanced the feedback system that allows users to give us feedback on the ads, and it also 
better connects users with the advertisers that they would be best served by. 

Now, we've also – advertisers obviously want to get traffic to their web sites, but ultimately they're interested in getting 
sales or leads or whatnot. So we want to make the whole process for the advertisers' marketing spend as effective as 
possible. 

Starting first off with the launch of the redesigned Google Analytics. It's got new visualization tools and custom 
dashboards; and it really lets marketers and advertisers and people who just really care about their websites get great 
information and understand it, about how people are actually using those websites. And that allows them in turn to 
optimize their websites. We added 10 new languages, so it's up to 17 languages supported now. And we actually have 
had as a result great growth in both new customers for Analytics, as well as people linking their AdWords account to 
their Google Analytics account, which is the most powerful combination. 

We've also added very important placement performance as well as search query information. So now advertisers know 
where in our network precisely their ads are running, and this obviously gives them better control over the ads too, and 
also which search queries are generating the best results. It's very useful information and we have obviously had a lot of 
demand for that, and we finally have it out. 

Now lastly, I just wanted to mention our continued work, we've mentioned this before, but the pay-per-action 
advertising. Ultimately as I said, the advertisers want not clicks, but they want something to happen, like a purchase 
and whatnot. The pay-per-action advertising is now available to all advertisers and on all publisher sites. And we have 
been having lots of advertisers move to this model. And it's such a no-brainer, that you don't have to do the 
intermediate – you don't have to figure out for yourself, well, I don't know how much a click is worth to me and 
whatnot. It really ties it directly to the action. 

Anyhow, all told, I am very excited about the progress we've been making on both search and ads, and for apps, I'd 
love to turn it over to Larry. 

Larry Page, Co-Founder & President, Products 


Well thank you, Sergey. We continue to really invest in building simple web-based applications to help all of our users 
organize their information and create new content. 

As Sergey already mentioned with that mainframe example about video, we've been really excited about video, and the 
best example of this is really YouTube. And we made very strong progress this quarter, YouTube did, in many different 
areas. And we added local support in nine new countries and we also – local users can now generate – enjoy locally 
generated content, new features there and new features on Featured Videos, Directors and Promotions. We've gotten 
great response to all of those things, which has resulted in increased usage. 

We also added many new partners in YouTube. Several of them in newly added markets like Hearst-Argyle Television, 
National Geographic, and Global de Brazil, and we also broadened our distribution through other partnerships, for 
example, Motorola, Telecom Italia and Apple, on the iPhone and Apple TV. And the iPhone of course has an amazing 
user experience in looking at YouTube. You can waste very many hours and also enjoy useful content like mainframe 
videos on your iPhone. 

So Google Apps also had a very successful quarter overall. We were named Number One Product of the Year by PC 
World Magazine, which we are very excited about. And we launched our Apps Premier Partner Edition for ISPs to 
offer co-branded apps to their subscribers, and we signed a new deal with several new partners including Virgin Media, 
a U.K. ISP. We also launched a tool in apps to enable easy migration of large numbers of e-mail accounts to Gmail. 
And this does things like preserves the header information, threads all the conversations, makes your e-mail searchable. 
And for example, just one customer migrated 30,000 users with 3 million e-mails in just 24 hours. So we're seeing – we 
have a lot of excitement around that. 

We also announced our intent to acquire Postini for $625 million. And what that lets large enterprises do is really give 
them some of the complex issues that they have like their business rules, their security mandates and legal compliance, 
and really let them do that easily over an e-mail solution. So we're really excited about that and it lets us add 
web-hosted security and corporate compliance and for e-mail, IM and other communications. Postini was actually one 
of our first partners in Google Apps. So again, we're really excited about this and I think that many of our customers 
are as well. 

Let me switch gears for a second and talk a little bit about developers; really to support our efforts across all of the 
areas of the company; search, advertising and applications. We are really supporting a growing community of 
developers. And as part of that effort, we had our first Worldwide Developer Day to reach out to that community. We 
had over 5,000 developers participate in over ten countries and online and we had a great response from them. 

We also at that time delivered several new tools and APIs for the developers to work with. One was called Google 
Gears, which is an open source product – project that enables web-based applications to run offline, and we also 
launched Mapplets which lets people extend Google Maps and there's examples like real estate search and embedded 
photographs that developers are implementing now. 

So all of these developers are really helping us to create new and interesting information and applications and content 
which helps us build our whole ecosystem and make the user experience better for everybody. 

So I was really excited about our progress this quarter, and now I will turn it over to Eric. 

Eric Schmidt, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Well, thank you. As I reflect in the quarter, I'm really struck by our ability to operate and move forward at this scale. 
Normally, innovation at our size and growth begins to slow, but here it seems to be accelerating. We're producing more 
products with many more users, more languages, more countries in the ways that we've talked about. And I think it's 
because our model is working so well that we're so optimistic about future. 

When we talk about products and Sergey talked for example about iGoogle, you can see something which goes from 
almost no users when it's introduced to many, many, many millions of users very, very quickly. So we know this model 


will continue to scale, and we know that we're focused on our primary mission. It is around search, ads and apps, and 
that focus is going to continue, with many good things to come in the future. 

So with that, maybe we should get some questions and comments. Maria? 

Maria Shim, Manager – Investor Relations 

Operator, could we start taking questions, please? 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] 

And we'll take our first question from Anthony Noto from Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Anthony Noto>: Eric, one question for you. I think you have said previously that it was your goal to grow 
operating income each quarter on a sequential basis and this quarter, obviously, it was down. I was wondering if that 
was completely due to the bonus accrual that you had mentioned, given the number of employees you hired was lower 
than we thought, D&A was lower than we thought and revenue was higher, because I am trying to get to that 
underlying difference, and if you could explain in a little bit more detail how much that incremental bonus accrual was. 
Thanks. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: In general, we don't break out all the puts and takes on the changes in the accrual. What I would 
tell you is that we overspent against our own plan in the area of head count, and some of it was related to this bonus 
accrual that I talked about; and some, because we hired a little faster than we had planned. In looking at it we thought, 
was this a mistake or not? We decided it was not a mistake, that in fact the kind of people we brought in are so good 
that we're happy we did this. And as I said earlier, we will continue to watch this very carefully in the future. 

<Q - Anthony Noto>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And we will go next to Imran Khan of JP Morgan. 

<Q - Imran Khan>: Yes, hi, thank you for taking my question. One clarification question and then a follow-up. For 
clarification, when you said that you will closely look at head count, should we assume that head count growth will 
slow down? And secondly, Eric, you talked about that how your traffic growth rate is actually accelerating. And then if 
we look at the paid click volume it is flat sequentially, considering traffic growth rate is accelerating and you're getting 
into new countries. Why is paid click volume flat sequentially? Thank you. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: With respect to the head count as I said, we ended up somewhat higher on our head count 
expenses than we planned, which is the issue that Anthony asked about as well. And we will watch it, we will adjust, 
we will be opportunistic. But we are going to be careful about that. Jonathan, you want to talk about paid clicks? 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: Hi, this is Jonathan. Sorry I was muted. Typically, this is a slow quarter for paid click 
growth. It is basically the lowest in the year from a seasonality perspective. If you look at it on a year-over-year growth 
rate, paid clicks is very healthy and consistent with the trends that we have been seeing. Really, I would characterize 
the quarter as one of very strong traffic growth domestically and internationally in what typically we see as a somewhat 
weaker quarter from a traffic perspective. 


<A - Sergey Brin>: Actually, if I can add one more thing on the paid clicks. As we develop improved algorithms for 
showing our ads and as a result we're able to achieve better click-throughs, better monetization and whatnot, we usually 
like to split the benefit of that between both able to generate more revenue for other publishers than ourselves; but also, 
we like to improve the user experience, which in some cases means we try to show fewer ads in certain locations where 
we think they are less likely to get clicked on. So that has a significant effect. 

<Q - Imran Khan>: Thank you, that's very helpful. 

<A - Sergey Brin>: Sure. 

Operator 

And we will go next to Mark Mahaney from Citi. 

<Q - Mark Mahaney>: I wanted to follow up with Sergey on that last point. If you are making the ads more targeted 
and qualified – which is what we think is happening – at the end, advertisers should see more qualified leads and be 
willing to pay for that. We have seen an acceleration in your CPC growth the last two quarters and I know there's a lot 
of things that feed into that. But do you think that that actually is what's happening, or do you think that that kind of 
growth driver; that is, that CPC inflection point, growing because of increased advertiser interest and being willing to 
pay for more qualified leads? Do you think that is still to come? 

<A - Sergey Brin>: This is Sergey. I think it is a combination of factors. On the CPC, for example, the international 
mix changes, the nature of queries from season to season changes, and whatnot. But I do think on the whole, as you 
said, I do think that advertisers are seeing really good returns in there, and therefore they do bid higher. And the other 
effect, as I mentioned, is that we tend to, when we have the opportunity, we feel like maybe we would be better off 
displacing some of the ads to show more search results higher on the page or taking more of the page and especially as 
we improve the ad systems; therefore, we're still making equal or greater revenue. We do take that opportunity to 
increase the barriers to getting some ads up there. So that also has significant effects. 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: Hi Mark. This is Jonathan, just following up. In general, we have talked about this in the 
past, but we definitely believe there is plenty of room to grow pricing. We know that advertisers watch their ROI very 
carefully and they monitor their budgets accordingly. And Sergey alluded to the general dynamic of improving the 
quality of ads and what you can expect the dynamic there is – with respect to click-through rates rising while the 
number of ads declines. But, basically what we are seeing is when you try to parse out the average CPC, the growth 
rates in emerging markets versus developed markets impacts this a lot, because the new markets have lower prices and 
the faster growth in new markets tends to put downward pressure on CPC. 

The other big thing that you saw this quarter was, as Eric mentioned, traffic growth on Google.com. And when 
Google.com grows faster, that positively impacts CPC significantly. We did, as Eric mentioned, see very strong traffic 
growth there. So a lot of it is the distribution piece. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Our next question, thank you. 

Operator 

And we will take our next question from Mary Meeker from Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Mary Meeker>: Thanks. Dave and I just wanted a couple of clarifications. Eric, you've talked about the heads 
and basically the head count and the operating expense changes and said you are going to watch it and you feel great 
about the people you've hired. But if could indicate if a portion of those were sales heads and a portion were 
international heads; I guess our translation would be that you feel comfortable that there will be related revenue 
commensurate to the hires in the next two to three quarters. So that's question one. 


Question two; if we could drill down on the bonus accrual a little bit, should we expect to see it play out on a more 
normalized basis on a go-forward basis? And is it fair to say that half of the difference between what you might have 
been expecting in OpEx and half of what you got for the quarter was related to the accrual? And third question, if we 
may, just for a little clarification, any thoughts on how we should think about cost of goods sold as a percent of revenue 
on a go-forward basis? And if you could answer any of those three, we will be happy because we know we went over 
our quota. Thank you. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Thank you Mary. I will let George answer the second two. With respect to productivity of our 
head count, our head count, especially in sales, is productive very, very quickly. Omid talks and says that it's maybe 
even with the same quarter which they are hired is a model that is scaleable. Omid? 

<A - Omid Kordestani>: Yes. Hi Mary. Again, the sales force name at Google means different things. It is the field 
forces which are calling on new Fortune or FTSE companies, for example, as well as operational people that manage 
our online advertisers and the optimizations that go into the improvements. And all of our analysis actually shows 
excellent productivity across the board. Some of the emerging markets obviously have different rates of productivity, 
and it is an investment we're making for the future there. But all in all, we've actually been going through a very 
thorough process of figuring out how best to take the sales force and reorganize them to represent all the various 
products we have today from the core search products to the brand name products and that monitor our productivity 
really carefully as we add resources both domestically and internationally. George? 

<A - George Reyes>: Okay. Mary, just to sort of answer your question here; going forward it should be a more 
normalized bonus accrual process. So this was just sort of a one-time inflection that we tried to do to true-up the bonus. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Let us go to our next question. 

Operator 

And we will go next to Ben Schachter from UBS. 

<Q - Benjamin Schachter>: Hi, guys. There's a lot of litigation and regulatory issues around both the company and 
the industry, some established and some potential. What are the top two or three that you think potentially pose both the 
greatest risks for the company and the greatest opportunity? 

And then separately, at a very high level the success of text-based search ads have really shown how valuable 
advertisers find highly-targeted ads. What do you think are the key barriers and opportunities to better targeting on the 
display and video side, both online and off? Thanks. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Ben, on your first question about litigation, we have already disclosed two major areas of 
litigation for Google; the first being in the book area, the book scanning and Library Project, and the second involving 
Viacom. And both of those are very important from the standpoint of principle. And it would be great if those would go 
away or somehow would be resolved by technology or so forth. But we take those very seriously because we were sued 
by people who were unhappy with what we believed we were doing was right. 

With respect to broader litigation issues, Google is in the information business. There's always a potential that 
governments will decide that some of the things that we're doing are appropriate or inappropriate in ways that make our 
business harder. However, there are no short-term threats in that regard, and in fact in many cases, the opening up of 
markets, the opening up of the Internet – especially in countries outside the United States – is really putting pressure on 
governments to have a broader information access approach, make information more broadly available, open up their 
Internet borders in a good way. And so we are very optimistic about that sort of thing. 

On the second question? We will have Omid answer that. 

<A - Omid Kordestani>: There's two fronts really, two thrusts of work that are going on in the core business and there 
is continual work on ads improvement. There is all kinds of algorithms that continue to improve the targetability of the 
ads and the efficiency and accountability for advertisers and marketers. The interplay that was interesting between 


display and brand advertising and our core business, where we're seeing great success. This last quarter, we saw Pepsi 
in the U.S.; we saw Coke in France, and Heinz in the U.S. really try to take advantage of both sides of the equation 
here. So advertisers are looking for ways to interact with our users online and have a two-way conversation about their 
brands really are starting to use YouTube very effectively and advertise on the content network, which allows them this 
targeted reach. 

It's also possible to have this two-way conversation, really an engagement with the users that the advertisers are really 
interested in. So we see great submissions of video or contests that then create that brand affinity, as well as then the 
ability to reach the audience and targetability that search provides. 

So we are really experimenting with all of that, and the core innovation is driving the core targetability and we're trying 
to learn a lot on how to best leverage the network as well as the properties like YouTube to have a comprehensive 
solution for the advertisers. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: And our next question? 

Operator 

We'll go next to Robert Peck from Bear Stearns. 

<Q - Robert Peck>: Yes, I was wondering if you could give us a little more color or clarity on the current impact of 
your other endeavors, monetization on YouTube, the radio side, TV and print. And when do you think it may start to 
become more material? And secondly I wanted to know, you've recently rolled out site authentication as well as the 
unavailable after tag. I guess our thoughts there are, when should we see any direct impact on either search volumes or 
click-through rates or CPCs going forward? Thanks. 

<A - Omid Kordestani>: On all the new initiative from TV to print, again we have moved from the beta phase where 
we tested a few advertisers and a few publishers and really expand beyond that. And we're seeing really excellent 
adoption. What we're seeing is the advertisers are really pleased, and the partners are really pleased with the type of 
monetization they are experiencing. And again, it is going to be too early for us to really see a material impact, given 
the scale of the other sides of the business. And kind of the mantra I'm following right now is that we really need to 
first prove this model for both the advertisers and the publishers before we really scale it and scale it both in specific 
geographies as well as internationally. So, I think hopefully in the next few quarters we can shed more light on this. But 
at this point, we are seeing, as I said, great success with the early results and that we hope to be able to scale these 
models. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Let's go to our next question. 

Operator 

And we will go next to Justin Post from Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Justin Post>: Hi, thanks for taking the question. When I look at the advertising revenues up 73% on Google 
websites, was there anything non-search-related really driving that number? And then long term, could you really kind 
of discuss your outlook for display or video advertising for Google? Do you think it can be a meaningful percentage of 
your total revenues? 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: It certainly will eventually be a significant and meaningful percentage. Jonathan or Omid, do you 
want to talk a little bit about that? 

<A - Omid Kordestani>: Yes. I think I just spoke to that earlier, is that on all these fronts we're seeing great success 
both in the advertiser front and the publisher front in the context of the beta test that we're doing. And that we have 
reorganized the sales force, for example, in the U.S., which is the most advanced, most mature market for us so that 
they can represent all the products. So every sales force and sales group now within the U.S. structure is going through 


a lot of training and has just been reorganized so that they don't just represent search, but they represent all the 
products. And they have supporting expertise for the specific areas from YouTube to television to print advertising. 

So what you will see from us is, again, a lot of efforts to take this beyond the beta phase and engage more advertisers, 
more publishers. Once we prove that model, extend that internationally as quickly as possible. And again, I'm putting a 
lot of emphasis on this, there is great hiring behind it and great innovation so that we can have it be a significant portion 
of our revenues. We just have to see it develop. 

<Q - Justin Post>: Was there an impact in the quarter at all? 

<A - Omid Kordestani>: Not this quarter. 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: Yes, Just in terms of the basic underlying numbers, the story really is, as we talked about, 
is clearly a combination of strong traffic growth and ads quality. Eric mentioned the traffic growth increasing over time 
and the increase in the rate there, which is very substantial. And Larry and Sergey also talked about the big investment 
that we have been making in the user experience and search quality and the universal search launch. What I think we 
are really seeing there is that users are engaging in more searches by virtue of our improving the search experience. 

<Q - Justin Post>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And we will go next to Brian Pitz from Banc of America Securities. 

<Q - Brian Pitz>: Thank you. A two-part question on eBay: number one, any color on the impact you've seen in the 
quarter on volume and cost-per-click from the pullback in advertising on your site? And the second part, any 
commentary on the acceleration of revenue that eBay noted yesterday on its call that is associated with your 
international partnership? Thank you. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: eBay has been a long-term partner for Google. And while it is true that they adjusted their mix in 
our advertising model, they continue to be a very significant advertiser. We did not see an impact on Google for many 
of the changes that they talked about that they made. Part of that is because Google is capable of choosing very much 
the best ad. And when ads priority shift and people move advertising around, we can still take advantage of the highest 
quality ad as produced in the auction. So far, the answer is no, no impact whatsoever. 

Our international business is very, very strong as you heard, and as a percentage of gross revenue it is growing 
especially strong in Europe; again, also noted in the eBay report. But that is not primarily because of our eBay-Google 
partnership, it is just because our international business is just strong overall. 

<Q - Brian Pitz>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And we will go next to Christa Quarles from Thomas Weisel Partners. 

<Q - Christa Sober Quarles>: Hi. First just if you could highlight what the theoretical limit for TAC rates would be, 
you are close to 85%. And then second, a broader question. I'm just very curious about what you're doing with regard to 
the spectrum. And I was wondering if you could articulate what your telecom strategy is or what you are willing to 
articulate to this point, especially in light of some of the Google Phone rumors out there. Thanks. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Let me do the second part, and I'll have George talk a little about TAC rates. First, we don't 
comment on rumors, and there's lots and lots of rumors which is always very exciting. We have looked pretty carefully 
at wireless, and we are sort of thinking about what we want to do there. From a Google perspective, the most important 
thing is that there be an open network. We define that in the sense that people can go to a store or however they are 


going to get it and get a device, plug that device into a wireless network and be able to use the full capability of the 
Internet. And in the course of using that full capability of the Internet, which is going to be delivered on these 
mini-devices that are going to come out in this space globally, they're also going to become very significant Google 
advertising users. So there's really a direct connection between the open interoperable network that we are now arguing 
for in SEC filings and so forth and the ultimate usage of Google services and applications, and of course, advertiser 
satisfaction. George, on the TAC rate? 

<A - George Reyes>: Yeah so, on the TAC rate, on an absolute basis TAC increased. It was basically just a 
fundamental of more AdSense partnerships. And going forward, the future trend will depend basically on the relative 
growth of large AdSense partnerships and Google.com. 

<Q - Christa Sober Quarles>: Is there a theoretical, I mean will you strike a deal? I mean, obviously you do minimum 
guarantees, but will you regularly start striking deals at 95%? 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: This is Eric, we prefer to do profitable deals. We are happy to give the majority of the revenue to 
the partners, which is what this is doing. There is no particular rule that we follow. We have as a business taken the 
position that we do want to have growing operating income to the bottom line, basically growing operating income on a 
quarter-over-quarter basis. And although we did not achieve that this past quarter, it is certainly our goal. So all of the 
business decisions that we do are in the context of growing operating income on a quarter-over-quarter basis on an 
absolute basis, as well as building a strong cash flow-based business. 

<Q - Christa Sober Quarles>: Thanks. 

Operator 

And we will go next to Douglas Anmuth from Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - Douglas Anmuth>: Thank you. Can you provide an update on your efforts around digital fingerprinting and 
content identification? And then just one last question to try to wrap up the bonus accrual thing; can you just clarify 
how you were accounting for your bonus accruals in 2006 and how that is changing, if it is, in 2007 in terms of the 
calendar basis? Thank you. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: This is really a question about Claim Your Content, Larry and Sergey? 

<A - Sergey Brin>: This is Sergey. I should probably have Chad do an update of that. But as far as I know, we have 
experiments that are running and actually working quite well. So we are optimistic to be able to deploy that widely in 
the near future. I haven't heard of any significant impediments. And you know obviously, this will present a new 
capability to content owners which they haven't had in the past with any other sites or mediums to be able to just detect 
in such a scaleable way easily, just in an automated way. So we are very excited about it. 

<A - George Reyes>: Okay, this is George. A portion of the increase in the OpEx is a function of the change in the 
bonus accrual. And that methodology includes a piece that relates to the catch-up of related Q1 charges. So that would 
be one angle on it. We also expect our bonus expenses to be more normalized or proportional going forward and less of 
a ramp-up throughout the year. 

<Q - Douglas Anmuth>: So is it reasonable to think that for example in the fourth quarter that this year that you will 
have a – less bonus accrual on a relative basis will be in the fourth quarter this year than it was last year? 

<A - George Reyes>: Yeah, it will be normalized throughout the year going forward. 

<Q - Douglas Anmuth>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 


And we will go next to Heath Terry from Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Heath Terry>: Thank you. I'm just wondering if you could just give us an update on Google Local, what you see 
as being the barriers in terms of really filling out the business directory there, as well as starting to bring monetization 
of the impressive level of traffic that you have gotten for that site up to where monetization in your core search product 
is? 

<A - Larry Page>: Yeah this is Larry. I think we have been really excited about our efforts on local and business 
listings and apps, which are all kind of interrelated. From a user experience, I mean I think there's still a long ways to 
go to make those things work even better. We have done experiments with things like having businesses listed on maps 
so you can see where they are and things like that. I see kind of all those things as interrelated, and also improved 
targetability of advertising for local advertisers or locally targeted businesses. And I think we are in the quite early 
stages of those products. The user experiences are improving rapidly, and I think they will continue to. And also, the 
advertising capabilities of advertisers to target particular local needs is also improving really rapidly. So I think we are 
really excited about that. It is sort of like the other areas people have been asking about, I think there is a lot of initial 
progress which we are very excited about, and we expect to have a lot more going forward. 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: This is Jonathan. Just on some specific efforts this quarter, I think one of the things we 
did particularly with respect to Local Business Center was focus on making it easier and faster for businesses to submit 
their information. We launched a business ownership verification via phone and SMS in a bunch of international 
locales. I think we're up to about eight countries which replaces some of the more cumbersome processes that we had 
for verification efforts which previously could take days or longer. And we have got that down to a few minutes. Some 
of the other things that we did were better capabilities just in terms of bulk uploading of lists of business locations that 
cater to large chains of businesses. We've got a much, much more robust UI for doing that. So as we build out all of 
that underlying functionality, we are going to be able to do a whole lot more here with Local. 

<Q - Heath Terry>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

And we will go next Youssef Squali from Jefferies & Company. 

<Q - Youssef Squali>: Thank you very much. George, I want to go back to the comments you made about a more 
normalized bonus accrual level starting in Q3. Any reason to believe then that margins could decline further from their 
Q2 levels? Doesn't sound like it, but I was wondering if you can comment. And then Larry, on your foray into the 
enterprise market, you started with search appliances in '02. Now you are going after hosted applications. Can you 
speak to the logic of going after that market, which looks very different to us from your core search market? And 
looking at the margin characteristics of SAS companies, it looks like it may be very dilutive to your overall margins. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Larry you want to do the second part? 

<A - Larry Page>: Sure. I think one thing to keep in mind, we have Gmail, for example, has been a very successful 
product. We're really excited about it. And there's many people within companies who – they need different kinds of 
functionality in order to use Gmail, and they are among the heaviest users. We don't really think about it in that way, I 
guess. I think that we have a tremendous amount of usage with Gmail and other hosted apps within enterprises, and we 
are going to do just fine making money. I think the other kind of businesses you've seen there have a very different 
structure than what we have. I am not concerned about that applying to us, those businesses necessarily being very low 
margin. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: George? 

<A - George Reyes>: Yeah, on your other question is, we're just not going to comment on forward-looking margins. 
We just don't do that. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Okay, let's go to our next question. 


Operator 

And we'll take our final question from Gene Munster from Piper Jaffray. 

<Q - Gene Munster>: Good afternoon. It looks like you guys have been a little bit more aggressive in China, 
specifically inking a deal with SINA. It sounds like you've strengthened your brand there. Any thoughts on how your 
efforts in China are going specifically? 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: This is Eric. When we entered China, we entered under a set of restrictions that have been well 
publicized. And we decided to invest heavily in China. We now have quite a talented engineering team, strong 
marketing, strong sales; very, very good connectivity and very low latency. The combination of that and a set of very 
good Chinese language products for search, advertising and some new ones they just launched seem to be accelerating 
our market share. Although it does not appear that we are number one in the market, it looks like we are now in a 
situation where we are quite competitive. In many areas, users tell us that our products are better. So it is a very good 
start. And although we don't think that this will result in an immediate, huge success, we think that the tenacity of 
Google, the many strengths that Google brings to the party will bring significant victories in China over the next few 
years. 

Eric Schmidt, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

So with that, what I would like to do is let's finish up. Thank you all again for spending so much time with us. When I 
think about what we have done in the set of networks that we have created: the network of users, the network of 
advertisers, the network of publishers; Google is doing a particularly good job of using these networks and tying them 
together in clever and new and innovative ways to provide real value to users, of course, especially in advertising, but 
also real value in terms of economics. And it is the sum of that that I think is perhaps the least understood part of 
Google. It is the fact that we can link publishers and advertisers and users in new solutions that really do solve their 
problems and they solve their problems in ways that they have never been solved before, and we do it on a global scale. 
So with that, thank you very, very much. 

Operator 

And this concludes today's conference, we thank you for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


