Q4 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Maria Shim, Investor Relations 
• Eric Schmidt, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
• Patrick Pichette, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Jonathan Rosenberg, Senior Vice President, Product Management 
• Nikesh Arora, President, Global Sales Operations and Business Development 
Other Participants 

• James Mitchell 
• Mark Mahaney 
• Ben Schachter 
• Justin Post 
• Douglas Anmuth 
• Imran Khan 
• Brian Pitz 
• Spencer Wang 
• Scott Devitt 
• Sandeep Aggarwal 
• Jeetil Patel 
• Jason Helfstein 
• Gene Munster 
• Mark May 
• Youssef Squali 
• Steve Weinstein 
• Marianne Wolk 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Please stand by, we're about to begin. Good day and welcome, everyone to the Google, Inc. Conference Call. This call 
is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Maria Shim, Senior Manager of Investor 
Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am. 

Maria Shim, Investor Relations 

Good afternoon everyone and welcome to today's fourth quarter and fiscal year 2009 earnings conference call. With us 
are Eric Schmidt, Chief Executive Officer; Patrick Pichette, Chief Financial Officer; Jonathan Rosenberg Senior Vice 
President, Product Management and Nikesh Arora President, Global Sales Operations and Business Development. 

Eric, Patrick Jonathan and Nikesh will provide us with their thoughts on the quarter and full year and then we'll take 
your questions. This call is being webcast from our Investor Relation's website located at investor.google.com. Please 
refer to our website for important information including our earnings press release issued a few minutes ago along with 


slides that accompany today's prepared remarks. A replay of this call will also be available on our website in a few 
hours. 

Please note that we routinely post important information on our Investor Relations website located at 
investor.google.com and we encourage you to make use of that resource. As a reminder today, we're holding two calls. 
On this call we'll discuss our strategic overview and Q&A with the usual format followed by a second call, which is 
effectively an extended Q&A session with Jonathan and Patrick giving the opportunity for participants to ask more 
detailed financial and product questions in an efficient and Reg FD-compliant manner. 

The second call will begin at 3:00 PM Pacific Time and will also be webcast from our Investor Relations website. Now, 
let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements we make today may be considered forward-looking 
including statements regarding Google's future and investments in our long-term growth and innovation, expected 
performance of our business and our expected level of capital expenditures. 

These statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please 
note that these forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation and we undertake 
no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements in light of new 
information or future events. 

Please refer to our SEC filings including our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, as 
well as our earnings press release for a more detailed description of the risk factors that may affect our results. Copies 
can be obtained from the SEC or by visiting the Investor Relations section of our website. 

Also please note certain financial measures we use on this call such as operating profit and operating margin are 
expressed in a non-GAAP basis and have been adjusted to exclude charges relating to stock-based compensation. We 
have also adjusted our net cash provided by operating activities to remove capital expenditures, which we refer to as 
free cash flow. Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation can be found in our earnings press release. 

With that I will now turn the call over to Eric. 

Eric Schmidt, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Well, thank you, good afternoon to all, happy New Year and welcome to our Q4 earnings call. This was a very strong 
quarter for Google and extraordinary end to a rollercoaster year by any means – measures: 17% year-on-year revenue 
growth and we performed literally I think well across the board. 

We learned a lot in 2009, the strength of our management team, the talent of our employees, pace-setting innovation 
within our product and engineering teams. If you take a look, at the investments we made for example in Chrome and 
Chrome OS that we announced over the summer. 

The resilience of our business model: when advertising dollars are scarce, measurement matters even more, so we tend 
to benefit more than you might have expected and that's great. And we're optimistic about the future as a result. The 
digital economy continues to grow very rapidly. And specifically we're moving literally eyeballs and advertising 
online, and we continue to benefit from that. 

And our decision to start ramping up our investments in Q3, which we talked about maybe six months ago was clearly 
the right one so we'll get the benefit of that now in 2010. So we continue to invest heavily for the long-term, 
investments that are designed to maintain and even to increase Google's pace of innovation. So where are we investing? 
Well, we're obviously going to invest first in people, engineering, the best engineering, best technical, best researchers 
and so forth and product sales in key markets across the country in all the ways that we've talked about before. 

Second of course investment is in technological innovation, which is our core value proposition if you will. We're 
going to follow the 70, 20, 10 which has worked so well for us, 70% in our established businesses, search with an 
emphasis on search quality as we continue on our quest which will never be fully realized to create the perfect search 
engine. We added for example real-time search in Q4 which has been very successful, more than 550 search quality 


enhancements in 2009, far more than one per day for obvious and it just continues to accelerate. Search advertising 
shifting – the shift online as I talked about, lots of growth in our core business as a result of that shift. 

Display, we've talked about before is now a huge opportunity for Google. 60 quality improvements in our display ads 
and last year YouTube great progress with our key TV and music deals in Q4, which have been discussed already in the 
press. Enterprise business again very strong, terrific momentum there, as people move to the web based model with 
products that really work very well. In the 20% area, newer businesses, these are newer businesses that fuel our search 
business, for example mobile. 

Everybody knows about the success of Android, our search traffic increased five times in the past two years. The Droid 
and Nexus One show the power of the Android approach, great devices, multiple partners, great features, lots of 
different use cases, again, a pretty clear success at this point. And we also have our 10% long view investments and 
here we're interested in things like commerce and social initiatives, which Jonathan will talk some more about. 

A third component for 2010 will be acquisitions. We've – the pace of deals in Q4 shows that we're at least on a path of 
one per month, and we should expect that to continue. Some big, more small than big probably and designed either to 
build upon an existing business, the most obvious being Teracent and DoubleClick but also to bring in new talent. 

If you look at like the Gizmo5 acquisition, again people with a unique expertise that we can use as part of our platform. 
So overall, very pleased with the performance in Q4, we're back in business full blast and throughout 2009 if you look 
at it we're investing heavily, we're excited about continuing to re-invent search, which continues to be our core mission. 

I think with that why don't we turn it over to Patrick and take us through the numbers. Patrick? 

Patrick Pichette, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Eric. Good afternoon, everyone. So I'll go through the financial results quickly and then turn it over to 
Jonathan and Nikesh for more retails on our performance. So we had a very strong finish to 2009. We're very pleased 
with the Q4 results and that gives us, as Eric said, the confidence to turn our focus to the growth opportunities in 2010 
already making already in the back end of 2009 the necessary and significant investments to pursue those opportunities. 
So let's go through the numbers quickly. 

Our gross revenue grew 17% year-over-year to $6.7 billion. Our business was strong across the board, in search, 
display, apps and mobile. Nikesh will go into more details on our performance in a few minutes on these matters. 

Google website revenue was up 16% year-over-year to 4.4 billion. We saw strong growth on Google.com across the 
world boosted by very strong retail season, economic recovery in many of our major geographies as well as some 
favorable FX. We also saw some impressive growth in YouTube revenues. AdSense revenue was up 21% 
year-over-year to 2 billion driven primarily by solid performance in AdSense for Search, strength in AdSense for 
Content and growth in our display initiatives. 

Our global aggregate paid click growth remained healthy, up 13% year-over-year and 9% quarter-over-quarter. The 
aggregate cost per click growth was also up 5% year-over-year and 2% quarter-over-quarter. Year-over-year CPC 
growth was also positively impacted by some of the FX. Remember too that this is an aggregate number, which 
includes both Google and AdSense properties and also includes diverse geographic markets some of which have lower 
CPCs. 

Turning to our geographic performance, revenue from the U.S. was up 11% year-over-year to 3.2 billion, international 
revenue accounted for 53% of our total revenue or 3.5 billion with about 8 million of benefits from hedging program 
this quarter. The U.K. was up 13% year-over-year to 772 million and this despite a weaker pound in Q4 of 2009 
compared to last year. Finally, using fixed year-over-year exchange rates our international revenues would have been 
roughly 196 million lower. 

So let me turn to expenses. Our traffic acquisition costs were 1.7 billion or 27% of total advertising revenue. Our other 
costs of revenue was 688 million, including our stock-based compensation of $6 million. And finally, all other 


operating costs total about $1.8 billion, including approximately 270 million in stock-based compensation. 

So on a year-over-year basis, our OpEx excluding SBC was higher by 138 million and up 172 quarter-over-quarter, the 
increase, both year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter primarily due to increases in marketing spend. As a result, our 
non-GAAP operating profit which excludes the stock-based compensation increased to $2.8 billion in Q4 resulting in a 
non-GAAP operating margin about 41%. 41.3% to be exact. Our head count was also slightly up at the end of the 
quarter, approximately 20,000 full time employees. And as Eric discussed, we plan to continue to aggressively hire 
through this year, particularly in engineering and sales. 

Let me turn for a moment to cash management. Our other income and expense was 88 million for Q4 and for more 
details on OI&E please refer to the slides that accompany this call on our Investor Relations website. Our effective tax 
rate for the quarter was 23%. 

Now turning then to operating cash flow, it was also very strong at $2.7 billion. CapEx for the quarter was 221 million, 
again primarily related to our data center operations. We continue to make significant CapEx investments and these 
continue to be lumpy quarter to quarter, depending on a timing of when we're able to make these investments. The net 
of all this is a free cash flow quite strong at $2.5 billion for the quarter. So in summary, we're very pleased with the 
strong performance of Q4 across revenue, margins and cash flow. 

As we enter 2010, we're very excited about the opportunities of our core business, our display, mobile, apps and so you 
should expect us to continue to drive real investments in significant ways in the areas we believe have real long-term 
opportunities for Google and that will accelerate our pace of innovation. 

With that, thank you for your time. 

I'll now turn it to Jonathan who despite, you'll hear, quite a rough voice and a bad cold, I can assure you has all his 
regular, expected energy. Turning it over to Jonathan. 

Jonathan Rosenberg, Senior Vice President, Product Management 

Thank you, Patrick. I'll do my best. So naturally I think that part of our success this past year was the result of a very 
focused product strategy. At the beginning of 2009 our strategy was basically to double down on our core, which was 
search, AdWords and display and of course push on monetizing YouTube. 

We also wanted to invest in Chrome, Chrome OS and Geo and at the same time we made some very hard decisions to 
focus our resources. We shut down Lively, Notebook and our Audio Ads efforts. Internally we refer to this as the, 
"More wood behind fewer arrows," approach and I think it worked for 2009. 

As we look back. AdWords launched a whole new front end and several new ad formats that I think you can see are 
delivering results. Android started 2009 with just one device and is now at 20 in 48 countries and I'm proudly carrying 
the gorgeous new Nexus One in my pocket. DoubleClick is now fully integrated and display is ramping nicely and we 
open sourced a whole new operating system designed for the Internet era with Chrome OS. 

We also saw a steady stream of small businesses, large enterprises and lots of schools move to the cloud. And YouTube 
is in fact, it turns out, monetizing well and we're helping lots of our partners who are working with us there make 
money. 

But most importantly, search did particularly well in 2009 and I think that may be the best example of what we feel we 
can do when we double down and focus. We launched 550 quality enhancements which Eric mentioned, we produced a 
much bigger and faster index, we expanded the capabilities of universal search and we added tools like the search 
options that let you work with your results to get to the best answer. 

We also launched music search and real-time search, which are pretty amazing. I don't know if any of you are actually 
in Northern California, but we had this 4.1 earthquake a couple of weeks ago and like my office shook while I was in it 
and two minutes later, Google search was showing me people's Tweets from all over the Bay Area talking about the 


quake that had just occurred and within minutes I was looking at news reports and the USGS data on the same quake. 
This looks easy, but we had to build dozens of new search technologies so we could process the hundreds of millions of 
real-time changes that occur each day to make it happen. 

Eric mentioned that in 2010 we're going to be investing so let me try to take a minute to talk about how we're thinking 
about making those investments. Of course we're going to pour a lot into search. The key there, as always, is time to 
result. How fast can we get the user to the best answer for her or him? Whether that's a web page, a map, a video, a 
Twitter update, whatever it is. We're also going to work hard on making the ads richer, more diverse and more useful. 
We've talked about the single perfect ad and we mean that from the perspective of both the advertiser and the user at 
the same time. 

Beyond search and search ads, I think we see a few major trends that are transforming the Internet and we think we're 
in a great position to compete in those areas too. The first is social. And when you say social, I think people think of 
social networks. But really we believe the entire web is social. So we're going to look at making all of our products 
more social. We think you're more likely to trust a restaurant or a movie review from a friend of yours than from a 
stranger. So maybe it should be rated as a higher quality result, but only for you. 

The Internet is also local and we see more and more a business's online presence is as important as its physical one, so 
we're trying to make it easier for businesses to manage that presence and to connect with people who might actually be 
right around the corner and want to find them. 

The web has also always been about commerce and now more and more people who buy stuff online are starting their – 
who buy things offline are starting their shopping process and researching all of that stuff online. And we want to help 
those people decide what to get, and where to get it, whether it's offline or online. 

Personalization is also getting more important and we think mobile is a big part of that. More users both for search and 
other products are accessing us from mobile devices. And with all of the capabilities these phones that are coming out 
have, GPS, cameras, we think there is the potential to actually make this mobile web better than the PC web. 

Finally the shift from enterprises to online will accelerate and now we think organizations are moving to the cloud not 
because they save money, but because it's actually a better way to run their business. They can do things in the cloud 
that they simply can't do in the old desktop world. So those are the trends that are guiding our product plans in 2010 
and we think it's going to be an exciting year and we'll certainly look forward to sharing our progress with you on 
future calls. 

So with that I guess I'll turn it over to Nikesh. 

Nikesh Arora, President, Global Sales Operations and Business Development 

Thank you, Jonathan. This was an exciting quarter for us after a challenging year. 2009 started under a cloud of 
uncertainty but after about three quarters of steadily improving performance I'm now pleased to report we ended the 
year with a robust quarter in revenues. 

Let me take a quick few minutes to provide details on some examples of how advertisers can and have better leveraged 
their online marketing to reach their audiences. The first macro trend affecting all of our ad driven businesses was a 
continued rising adoption of online advertising by larger companies. In these tighter economic times we saw bigger 
companies like Staples, Volvo, Ubisoft, Abbott Labs, etcetera, turn an increasing proportions of their spend to what is a 
more measurable ROI of online advertising, they're basically shifting to where their audiences now spend their time. 

Looking globally we saw a significant uptick in retail advertisers' online spending, this was for a change, driven by 
both online e-tailers as well as traditional brick and mortar companies. Our sales team took advantage of this trend and 
had strong showings on Black Friday and Cyber Monday which marked the start of the largest e-commerce holiday 
season in history. 


It's interesting to note, remember, search ads are always a better value in December. CPC's go up, but CPA's go down 
because people end up buying more during that period. Let me give you a geographic flavor of how our revenues 
spread out around the world. Within the U.S. the impact of the economic recovery is beginning to show, particularly in 
sectors with a strong ROI focus. On the other side of the Atlantic, U.K. companies in verticals that have been 
traditionally large spenders in offline have also increased their online ad budgets. 

If you shift to emerging markets we're very happy with our performance. In most of these markets we see clear effects 
of underlying economic expansion again, as well as the accelerating adoption of both search and online display 
advertising. For example our Q4 growth in Brazil was particularly strong driven by efforts to educate the advertisers 
and the under-penetrated companies to help them understand the value of online advertising and what that represents in 
their overall marketing mix. 

The second big trend we're seeing is brand marketers continue to better understand the online display format and 
incorporate that into their campaigns. With our broad portfolio of products, we are pleased with the performance of 
pretty much all four parts of our display strategy, YouTube, the Google Content Network, DoubleClick and our Ad 
Exchange. 

In YouTube we have had many successful brand advertising campaigns of note. One that you might have come across 
was Fox's integrated media campaign for Avatar which used pretty much all four parts of our display strategy. If you 
haven't seen it, you can go to the web, to YouTube, query Avatar, and it will show you the interactive integrated 
multimedia channel which starts advertising the movie's trailer in high def. 

We're also very excited about an event we held with American Express and Sony for World AIDS day, where we 
streamed and hosted live Alicia Keys benefit concert on YouTube. In the campaign American Express, Sony, were able 
to reach millions of viewers in 167 countries around the world. 

Beyond YouTube brand advertisers continue to see the value of our million publishers in our Content Network and 
finally, the Ad Exchange, which we launched in Q3, continues to show good progress and is increasingly becoming an 
important part of the display ecosystem. We believe most of the top networks are now signed on to the exchange. 

Third as Jonathan mentioned, we continue to see the global trend towards cloud computing speed up, as more 
companies growth more and more comfortable with hosted applications, our sales teams are moving quickly to 
capitalize on these opportunities. We had key wins at Jaguar, National Geographic, as well as one of our most 
comprehensive deals with the City of Los Angeles which moved 30,000 users to Google apps. 

Set against these major commercial wins we have signed educational deals with Virginia Tech and Fresno State, while 
both small and medium size businesses continue to adopt Google Apps. 

Finally with the trends that Jonathan mentioned, and the penetration of smart phones and other mobile devices, our 
sales teams are continuing to work with advertisers who can reach and target their customers through mobile 
advertising like [inaudible]. 

One campaign of specific note was done by Razorfish, an agency partner of ours, who used a targeted mobile campaign 
to improve conversion rates for one of their retail clients by approximately 10%. So we continue to see promise in this 
area. 

Now I'm going to turn it over to Patrick to set up the question period. 

Patrick Pichette, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you Nikesh. So everybody will remember that our last call we had set up a Dory page – a question page online 
to sort out through the questions-and-answers. And through your feedback, and actually having tested that, we 
preferred actually to go back to our more traditional mode. So thanks for actually having tried it with us and in spirit of 
innovation, and I'll turn it to Connie to set up the call in questions. 


Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And we'll take our first question from James Mitchell from Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - James Mitchell>: Thanks very much for the question. It looked like your U.S. revenue accelerated from 4% 
year-on-year growth in the third quarter to 11% year-on-year in the fourth quarter, which was great. While your 
international revenue growth accelerated from 19% in the third quarter to 21% in the fourth quarter, and 21% is still a 
big number but not as sharp an acceleration. I wonder if the discrepancy was due to any of the following; first, the U.S. 
having easier comps than international from a year ago; second, the monetization improvements you made in the U.S. 
that you haven't rolled out internationally; or third, the fact that display advertising is benefiting your U.S. business 
more than your international business at this point? Thank you. 

<A - Patrick Pichette, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So I'll let Nikesh give you a sense of the 
focus that he's put in the U.S. for Q4. 

<A - Nikesh Arora, President, Global Sales Operations and Business Development>: The U.S., as I mentioned 
earlier, we have been able to see the continued shift of large advertisers which started in Q3 and continued into Q4 and 
has been reasonably strong. 

On the international side, I'm very pleased with the growth we've seen across the world, but you have to understand 
there is a mix issue. There are different parts of the world, which have grown at different bases and whilst we continue 
to see growth in most markets, there are some of the markets where we're seeing growth, which are like Brazil as I 
mentioned, which are causing the growth rate to look different than the U.S. 

<A - Patrick Pichette, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Great. Let's go to the next question. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Mark Mahaney from Citigroup. 

<Q - Mark Mahaney>: Thanks. Two questions, please. The sequential growth is actually very similar to what you had 
in 2007. Is it pretty clear to you that overall search spending trends are kind of back to normal seasonal patterns, or are 
there still verticals that seem still weak to you, not retail but obviously – but other areas? 

And then second the materiality of mobile, could you talk about any data points of sequential growth in searches, what 
percentage searches are off mobile devices in any particular markets? Thank you. 

<A - Patrick Pichette, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So just in a very general issue we don't 

– we won't comment on – about the mobile and how it affects our total revenue. And then in general, there is clearly – I 
mean, you see through the second half of 2009 a recovery in economic activity worldwide and that clearly has shown 
up in our results, but I'll let Nikesh give you a bit more. 
<A - Nikesh Arora, President, Global Sales Operations and Business Development>: From a vertical perspective, 
as I mentioned, we have seen very strong strength in the retail vertical across the board pretty much all around the 
world. We've also continued to see strength in the technology vertical. As you would expect finance is not as strong as 
it was in 2007 and we're seeing stabilization and some amount of recovery. In addition to that, we continue to make 
progress with all the other verticals like CPG, health, local, et cetera. 

<Q - Mark Mahaney>: Thank you. 

<A - Patrick Pichette, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Let's go to the next question. 


Operator 

And the next question from Ben Schachter from Broadpoint.AmTech. 

<Q - Ben Schachter>: If you could rank the key monetization changes you made in 4Q and how do you think they're 
going to impact the model going forward? And then on mobile just wondering, if you could have a broader discussion 
about how you think about the P&L there. I mean, is this something that you want to drive revenues or is there 
something you just want to push the Internet experience forward on mobile? And then finally any comments on China 
and the situation there? Thanks. 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg, Senior Vice President, Product Management>: Hey, Ben, it's Jonathan. So I guess I can 
just start with the quality questions since that suggests specifically. Q4 tends to be a modest quarter for us quality wise. 
We had about a dozen launches but the dynamic that we have there is that we try to freeze the launches after 
Thanksgiving, so that we have stability for our advertisers around the holiday period. 

So from an overall impact on RPM perspective, the quality launches are actually more modest. Some of the ads 
changes that we made, site links, comparison ads and product extensions certainly started to take effect as did the fact 
that all of our advertisers are now on AdWords-3, which we think is allowing them to be much more effective in terms 
of their bidding efforts, but I would generally describe the quarter as relatively modest from a quality perspective. 

I can – Nikesh and others can maybe give you their perspective on mobile. The main thing that I think we're starting to 
see there is that advertisers are getting better at figuring out what kinds of ads work on the mobile devices. The simple 
addition, for example, of things like including a phone number or an offer is substantially increasing the click through 
rates and the ROI for the subset of advertisers who are correctly optimizing their mobile campaigns. So we're certainly 
seeing very strong growth there. 

<A - Patrick Pichette, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Just to close on mobile. There really is a 
two – if you think about it, a two prong strategy on it, which is one is driving innovation in an ecosystem on one side, 
so when you think of all of the applications like Goggles and all of the – we would have seen on voice recognition and 
navigation, that's all innovation that basically drives people to the web with these new mobile applications. Obviously, 
the more people spend their time on it then they trigger into search and then monetization occurs. So for that 
perspective I think that that's the core engine of the mobile model. On China, I suggest that Eric answers that one, 
please. 

<A - Eric Schmidt, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Ben, I think the China stuff has been covered really 
quite well in the press. Just to review for everybody on the call, we announced a little more than a week ago three 
reasonably separate facts. One that there had been a cyber attack on Google probably emanating from China, origin, 
details unknown, still under investigation. We believe we've made the necessary technical changes to prevent such a 
future attack. 

The second was a – we discovered in the course of that a perhaps related, perhaps unrelated, monitoring of human 
rights activists which we disclosed in the spirit that people would be aware that this may be occurring. And then the 
third was a decision for those reasons and other reasons, a decision for Google to no longer be willing to apply the 
censorship rules in China. 

This has a bunch of consequences. One of course is that we're in conversation with the Chinese government. The 
second is that our business in China is today unchanged. We continue to follow their laws, we continue to offer 
censored results, but at a reasonably short time from now we will be making some changes there. We've made a strong 
statement that we wish to remain in China. We like the Chinese people, we like our Chinese employees. We like the 
business opportunities there and we'd like to do that on somewhat different terms than we have. But we remain quite 
committed to being there. So I hope that helps. 

<A - Patrick Pichette, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks, Eric. Let's go to the next 
question, please. 


Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Justin Post from Merrill Lynch [Bank of America]. 

<Q - Justin Post>: Thank you. My questions were on competitive issues in search. It looks like U.S. did accelerate 
where I would expect Bing to have the biggest impact. But are you seeing any share changes internationally related to 
any of your competitive initiatives? And then secondly on the partner environment, are you seeing more competitive 
pressure on signing up partners given some of the initiatives of your competitors out there? Thank you. 

<A - Eric Schmidt, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: On the competition question I think it's better for us to 
focus on what we do and not what our competitors are doing. I think our results sort of speak for themselves and I'll let 
you judge how they're doing in the market. But it's a highly competitive market. The one area where there is probably a 
pretty big competitive event is whatever happens in China, which at this point is obviously unknown but that would 
clearly make a difference. Nikesh? 

<A - Nikesh Arora, President, Global Sales Operations and Business Development>: We continue to work closely 
with our partners both on the search and the display side. And most of our partnerships are based on very clear ROI and 
very clear benefits to partners and to us. And we haven't seen any change from our partner experiences in Q3 into Q4. 

<A - Patrick Pichette, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: In fact, on the content side, right, the 
announcement of VIVO, the announcement of Channel 4 and Channel 5 in U.K. through YouTube, there has in fact 
been an increase and we're very pleased about these types of partnerships. 

All right. Let's go to the next question, please. Thanks, Justin for your question. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Doug Anmuth from Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Douglas Anmuth>: Thank you for taking the question. Two things, first, I was wondering if you could comment 
on the relative out-performance of the network business versus O&O, if there is any particular dynamic in there that 
would make network growth higher. And then secondly, can you also comment on the higher marketing costs that you 
saw during the quarter and in particular how much of that is attributable to Android launches and the Droid in 
particular? Thanks. 

<A - Patrick Pichette, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Right, so in terms of O&O versus 
network, nothing really significant to disclose in this quarter. On marketing, I think it's fair to say there's two things 
there. There's a high level and then I'll let Nikesh give a couple of comments. T the higher level, remember when we 
said at the end of Q3 that we wanted to ramp up our investment in a bunch of areas to accelerate our growth. Marketing 
is one that you can actually affect in the short-term quite well. And because we have such a scientific approach to track 
it, we decided to invest a bit more in Q4. So Nikesh could probably give you a couple of examples of that. 

<A - Nikesh Arora, President, Global Sales Operations and Business Development>: Yeah. For example, many of 
our marketing efforts in Q4 have been targeted towards trying to educate and bring more and more small advertisers 
into the web where we can clearly measure the ROI and clearly understand what the impact of those is. So that's been 
one big focus, and the other big focus on the consumer side has just been to support some of our more consumer 
launches which have happened in Q4. 

<A - Patrick Pichette, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks, Doug. We'll go to our next 
question, please. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Imran Khan from JPMorgan. 


<Q - Imran Khan>: Yes, hi. Thank you for taking my questions. Two questions. You talked about search traffic 
increased five times on mobile. I'm trying to understand the unit economics. What kind of revenue per search on mobile 
are you guys seeing compared to the PC? And secondly, couple of questions – more related questions on the cost side. 
You talked about spending more on the marketing in Q4, is it more of a one-time nature? Do you expect that to go 
down in Q1? And also how much you had bonus accruals for Q4 due to exceeding your full year plan? And should we 
think the bonus accrual will go down in Q1? Thank you. 

<A - Patrick Pichette, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Okay. Let me start with bonus, and then 
we'll go back to the other question of marketing. So on bonus, here's what everybody has to remember because last year 
you'll remember there was a lot of questions about that. When we start a year, we reset the plan and as we progress 
through the year, if we varied a plan, whether positive or negative, then we have to make additional accruals but at the 
beginning of the year we just don't know that. So in 2009 -- so in 2010, next quarter, you can expect that we will reset 
our plan and therefore we'll go back to the base number. 

For this year, 2009 specifically, we had actually by Q3 figured out that we had a different trajectory than the base plan 
and what we did is in consequences is actually did a combination of cash up to Q3 and Q4 to make sure that we were 
properly provisioned for the bonus at year-end. And that's why you haven't seen like at the end of Q4 last year a big 
blip for that reason. We've increased it but just in proportion to the second half of the year. So that's the key on bonus. 

On marketing, I think the issue from a financial perspective clearly we do not give any prospective view on marketing. 
I think the most important thing is that we're really pleased with the experiments we're running right now in the 
marketing domain. And again, I'll circle back to Nikesh if he wants to give more precision on it. 

<A - Nikesh Arora, President, Global Sales Operations and Business Development>: I'm just going to echo what 
Patrick said. We are going to look at the campaigns that we have in place. We're going to look at our products that we 
have in place. And based on the ROI of those campaigns, we are going to ratchet our spend up or down in the following 
quarters. 

<A - Patrick Pichette, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Great. And on mobile, maybe Jonathan? 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg, Senior Vice President, Product Management>: Yes, sure Imran. 

<A - Patrick Pichette, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Can we hear you? 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg, Senior Vice President, Product Management>: I was muted. Sorry, Imran. I'm not going 
to give specifics on mobile RPMs versus desktop RPMs, but I think the main thing we can say is that the new formats, 
the targeting tools and the reporting that we're giving to the mobile advertisers is making the huge difference. And I 
mentioned click-to-call, putting phone numbers in the mobile ads making a difference. 

Try something like auto insurance on your phone and you'll see that the Progressive ad on the phone actually shows the 
phone number, while on the PC it doesn't. Nikesh gave the Razorfish example in his opening remarks and we're also 
letting the advertisers target high-end devices, specific devices or specific carriers, and we've also launched the 
reporting with analytics to the mobile phones. So we're starting to see much improved monetization in generalization 
across mobile. 

<Q - Imran Khan>: Got it. Thank you. 

<A - Patrick Pichette, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you, thanks for the questions. 
Let's go to the next question, please. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Brian Pitz from UBS. 


<Q - Brian Pitz>: Great, thanks. Over the past couple of quarters you've rolled out several new ad formats such as site 
links and video ads on the Google.com site, could you discuss the adoption of these formats among advertisers and any 
commentary on if these formats have potentially lowered paid clicks and increased CPCs on the site? Thanks. 

<A - Nikesh Arora, President, Global Sales Operations and Business Development>: So the ad formats we 
launched in Q4 have been very successful. The advertisers have taken them up very effectively. We've actually used 
our direct sales force across the U.S. as well as across major parts of Europe and worked with some of our larger 
advertisers to introduce site links to some other ad formats. I'll pass the CPC question back to Patrick. 

<A - Patrick Pichette, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I mean, we won't comment on the very 
specifics of each one of them, but it's very clear that when you have product listing ads that have – come in either new 
cost per action pricing models, as that includes images and pricing within them or even the comparison ads that we've 
now kind of started introducing. I mean, all of these obviously provide more information to the user and therefore more 
value. 

<Q - Brian Pitz>: Yeah. 

<A - Patrick Pichette, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So from that perspective. I mean, it's 
been a real positive. 

<A - Eric Schmidt, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: For people that are confused, the easiest way to see 
what we're talking about, is just try typing something like Sears into Google and you'll see the example of what Nikesh 
was referring to is ad site links. And you – it's intuitively easy to see how they lead to higher user engagement. You'll 
see the electronics and tools section, the deal of the day and you can see how much of a better experience that is both 
for the advertiser and for the user. 

<Q - Brian Pitz>: Great. Thanks. 

<A - Patrick Pichette, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you, Brian. Let's go to the next 
question, please. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Spencer Wang from Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Spencer Wang>: Thanks. Good afternoon. So my question is regarding YouTube monetization. I know you guys 
have talked about being happy with the monetization at YouTube, I was wondering if you could just give us, perhaps 
some updated metrics on how much of YouTube is being monetized. I think in previous calls you said it's tripled 
year-over-year, so any update on that would be great? Thank you. 

<A - Nikesh Arora, President, Global Sales Operations and Business Development>: Well, we're not going to give 
any specific metrics on YouTube. What I can say is the big shift we're continuing to see at YouTube is that, it's gone 
from being nice to have to an essential part of the media mix of any display campaign that our advertisers are planning 
and that's a big shift from our perspective and we continue to see people and if you look at YouTube, it's very easy to 
see, you will see that our home page ads are there on there, our watch paid -- watch page ads are there on there and 
we've been able to expand that across the world in many markets where we have YouTube in place. 

<A - Patrick Pichette, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. Great performance – I mean, just 
to close on, just when people think of kind of key insights on YouTube, right, the home page is nearly sold out in Q4 
and that was a great testimony of the power of YouTube. And we're now running ads in 20 countries worldwide. So 
again, to give you a sense of perspective of how successful the YouTube has been. So I hope that's useful, Spencer. 

<Q - Spencer Wang>: Thanks, Patrick. 

<A - Patrick Pichette, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Let's go to another question, please. 


Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Scott Devitt from Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Scott Devitt>: Hi. Thank you. There was data in the quarter that suggested that large branded retailers grew 
online sales at roughly 15% in the quarter and that smaller retailers experienced slower growth and given your broad 
visibility into ad spending and particularly the long tail and smaller advertisers, I wonder if you could just comment on 
ad spending trends by advertiser size? Thanks. 

<A - Nikesh Arora, President, Global Sales Operations and Business Development>: As I alluded to this earlier, 
our larger advertisers continue to increase at online spending and upgrading search and online display within their 
marketing mix. So, retail has been particularly strong during the holiday season, most of the large retailers have created 
very robust websites and they are able to target a very large host of key words and to some degree automated this stuff 
and we continue to work with some of our smaller advertisers and bring them to the fray. It's clearly a mix issue and a 
seasonal issue where we've seen the larger advertisers outperform the smaller ones. 

<Q - Scott Devitt>: Thank you. 

<A - Patrick Pichette, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks for your question, Scott. Let's 
go to the next question, please. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Sandeep Aggarwal from Collins Stewart. 

<Q - Sandeep Aggarwal>: Thanks for taking my question. Can please rank your non-core search businesses in terms 
of the growth potential, i.e. display, YouTube, mobile and apps and then also any color you can add on your 
partnerships/competitive dynamics with Google and Apple? 

<A - Eric Schmidt, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: This is Eric. It depends on whether you're looking at 
asset growth or percentage growth. Obviously the smaller ones are going to grow large – grow faster than the larger 
ones. We've said for a pretty long time that the next huge business for us is display. And we've put in place a series of 
acquisitions, a series of products, we've integrated them, we're seeing the benefit of that. I think one of the stories that's 
not really come out yet is how successful Google is at display and I think you'll see that especially in 2010. 

So if I were to talk about absolute numbers, that are not search, I would say that's probably your number one. But 
obviously the smaller ones will grow faster on a relative basis. There the most obvious one in terms of growth rate will 
be mobile. And a lot of that depends on the competitive dynamics of the industry, how successful the new AFMA 
product from us is, the AdMob acquisition as that comes through. We have a lot of evidence that people are moving to 
these data – data friendly mobile devices very, very quickly. Our search traffic is quite a – growth rate is quite a bit 
faster than on PCs and we expect that to continue. So for lots of reasons 2010 will be a year of significant mobile 
revenue growth for the whole industry and I'm sure Google will play a major part of that. 

With respect to Apple, it's probably better to say that Apple, I as I former board member have a special spot for Apple 
in my heart, but I will tell you that Apple is a very well run company and they've got a lot of very good stuff coming. 
We have a couple of very good partnerships with them and it's clear we also compete with them in a couple of areas 
and my guess is that's a pretty stable situation for a while. 

<A - Patrick Pichette, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you, Eric. Thank you for your 
questions. Let's go to the next question, please. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Jeetil Patel from Deutsche Bank Securities. 


<Q - Jeetil Patel>: Great. Thanks. Two questions. One, just taking a step back, you've got a $23 billion business built 
around advertising and there's seems like it's a – got some sensitivity to the macro environment these days. I guess 
broadly, I guess, as you look forward at the broader ecosystem of consumers and business partners you work with, I 
guess are there newer, more unique ways of kind of adding value to the broader ecosystem in terms of new revenue 
models or business models that are kind of maybe worthwhile exploring as you look ahead and to try to break away 
from the sensitivity of the ad business that seems to be tied to macro. 

Second on mobile your strategy seems to be a little bit perplexing in that you've got a partnership strategy with a slew 
of handset OEMs and then the Nexus One, I guess, is that a comparison of network and O&O? Is that kind of how we 
should think about the evolution of that strategy or are you just trying to push the smart phone category and be 
obviously the interface of the brand that consumers use to access information through those devices? 

<A - Patrick Pichette, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I will let Eric answer both of those. 

<A - Eric Schmidt, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: On your question about the macro, we said last year 
and reiterate that we are not immune to global economic trends. I think the evidence would say that we fared better than 
most companies in a global economic downturn and hopefully global recovery that is clearly underway at this point. 
We've seen that at least for six months, maybe longer. So I'm not so worried about our reliance on ads, which is sort of 
the premise of your question. 

From our perspective, our goal as a business is to solve the advertisers' and the other businesses' problems, which is 
ultimately about selling product and marketing and so forth. We are in various conversations about trying to do 
alternative ways to distribute digital content. We are trying to come up with new ways of using GPS data to sort of 
advertise against position and place. We have a lot of initiatives of this category. 

The ones that will probably have the biggest impact are not in mass, as much as those are exciting, will probably be in 
the display area because in aggregate size our display business will give people an opportunity to reach people with 
visual stories, with images, with narratives that they couldn't do with search text. So it's probably the case that the 
combination of local advertising, all of the things that we're doing in the display plus some of these new and more 
speculative things, we're likely to drive a lot of new ways of solving the businesses problems. 

We also – and we haven't talked very much about this, but we've quite a healthy enterprise business that's going to 
grow we think quite rapidly over the next few years as people move from the older legacy, PC-centric, traditional 
operating system model to the new web-based application model. And the trend there is clear. Everyone is moving 
there and we're going to be one of the leaders there. 

<A - Patrick Pichette, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Eric, do you want to comment on the 
issue of mobile and the question that was about the perplexity of our business model? 

<A - Eric Schmidt, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: The question – the second part of your question of 
course was on Nexus One and that model. And I think there is a lot of confusion about that. It's probably easiest to 
understand in the following way. What the Nexus One is really about is a new way of buying a phone. And the Nexus 
One is simply the first of a series of examples where you can essentially purchase a phone online from one or multiple 
manufacturers, self provision it and have it just work. And we think that's a natural evolution of a particular model. It 
doesn't – it does not exclude the other models. I think it's compatible with them in the sense that the retail model will 
continue to be quite successful. So far our partners have understood that message and they have been okay with it and 
the Nexus One itself, of course, is a magnificent product. 

<A - Patrick Pichette, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you, Eric. Let's go to the next 
question, please. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Jason Helfstein from Oppenheimer & Company. 


<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Hi. Thanks. I've two. First question, are you seeing – do you think Bing is having an impact on 
the cost per click? And then number two, do you expect the tax rate to rise in 2010 with the improvement in U.S. 
revenues? Thanks. 

<A - Patrick Pichette, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Let me answer the second one first and 
then we can come back to the first one. But the – on the issue of taxation, obviously we don't give any kind of guidance 
forward. We were – we continue to monitor very closely all of the issues related to those tax bills and the legislation. 
And obviously we're, like most American companies that have large international presence, we continue to believe that 
it would be kind of a disadvantage to have kind of some of the proposals that have been tabled. So we're going to 
continue to participate in the process very actively and make our voice heard, and but we cannot speculate as to the out 
comes of these things. 

In terms of Bing, Jonathan, do you want to give a comment on it? 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg, Senior Vice President, Product Management>: Sure. We generally do not comment on 
competitors. We think our CPC's are not generally impacted by what other search engines do. Our CPCs are set by 
competition among advertisers and we have got a very competitive auction market. 

<A - Patrick Pichette, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: That's the essence of the point. Right, I 
mean, people choose. So why don't we go to the next question, please. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Gene Munster from Piper Jaffray. 

<Q - Gene Munster>: Can you can guys talk a little bit about the impact of Nexus One on the model, specifically to 
the margins going forward? Thank you. 

<A - Patrick Pichette, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: In its most simplistic form, we do not 
track percentage margins as part of our business model. What we're looking for is opportunities to innovate, to ship 
products that we think are kind of disruptive, game changing and to the benefit of users and the Nexus One is a great 
example of that in setting the bar as to what a great mobile handset should look like and it will – it will have it's own 
margin and that's how we're focused on building the business. Let's go to the next question, please. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Mark May from Needham & Company. 

<Q - Mark May>: Hi, thanks. Two please, we've been hearing from a number of AdSense partners that Google's TAC 
rate is trending toward Google's favor. Is the fourth quarter TAC decline a reflection of a declining trend in TAC, or is 
it just seasonal. 

And then the second question is I think investors have a good sense of the assets and such that Google brings to bear in 
the online display space. But it doesn't have a good sense of the size of Google's display business and the trend in 
market share there. So the question is just how big in fact is Google in display today? 

<A - Patrick Pichette, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Let me start with the TAC issues. We 
have a lot of great partnerships with so many of our AdSense partners and other partners. The fact that it's been 
trending down has to do simply with kind of mix issues and it's not really tied to seasonality. So we – there is nothing 
of a big surprise there in our mind and we continue to have great partnerships with all of our partners on AdSense and 
others. 


In the case of display, I think that the few facts that we shared already on the last webcast on display are worth kind of 
mentioning is the industry itself is a $17 billion industry. So it's a big pie and if you just take the TV advertising 
industry which is $117 billion industry, that is all eyeballs that are shifting over time to the Internet or digital content, 
that's also going to make it, some of it is going to make its way progressively to display. So there's no doubt that it's a 
huge pie to go after. And then from our side, we clearly do not comment on the specifics of our market share or our 
revenue dollars but I think you should take from the tonality of Eric's comments that this is really a big focus for us 
because it's has a lot of runway and I'll leave it at that if you do not mind. 

Let's go to the next question, please. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Youssef Squali from Jefferies and Company. 

<Q - Youssef Squali>: Thank you very much. Two questions please. First on mobile, we've seen from some third party 
data that the iPhone may account for almost as much as 50% of overall mobile traffic. First is that similar to what 
you're hearing or what you've seen? And second – and I guess related to that, Eric you said earlier or you mentioned 
that you see the Apple relationship as stable. Are we to – are we inferring from that that you think the upcoming 
renegotiations of that deal and potential of it moving to a competitor likely to move in your favor? And on the display 
side, can you give us a sense of the percentage of search advertisers that are buying display from you today and what is 
the major push back from those that don't? Thanks. 

<A - Eric Schmidt, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: So this is Eric. We're not going to speculate on the 
market share of Apple mobile products. That's for Apple to discuss with you. And as far as I can tell, our business 
structures with Apple are quite stable. I'm not going to speculate on any deals of any kind, rumored, true, not true, you 
name it. We're not going to talk about it. On the display question -


<A - Nikesh Arora, President, Global Sales Operations and Business Development>: On the display side, there is a 
reasonable number of our search advertisers who also buy display. Actually it depends on their campaign objectives. If 
their campaign objectives are direct response oriented they favor search as well as certain parts of the display network, 
which would give them a higher conversion rate and higher click-through rate as it relates to the advertising. If they are 
more brand-focused they tend to overweight display in their campaigns and in that category clearly they have many 
choices, including YouTube as far as where they spend their premium brand dollars. 

<Q - Youssef Squali>: Thank you. 

<A - Patrick Pichette, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: We'll take one or two more questions. 
So let's take two more questions, please. 

Operator 

Thank you. We'll take our next question from Steve Weinstein from Pacific Crest. 

<Q - Steve Weinstein>: Actually most of my questions have been asked. So I'll leave time for someone else. 

<A - Patrick Pichette, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you, Steve. So, one more 
question, maybe. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Marianne Wolk from Susquehanna Financial Group. 


<Q - Marianne Wolk>: Thanks very much. Given how attractive you're making the new display products to 
advertisers and the big push with your sales force, have you seen any of your advertisers shift budget from search into 
the newer display offering? And then as a follow-up, how do we think about what's going on at the content network, 
where are you in transforming that from basically contextual advertising to display? 

<A - Eric Schmidt, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: This is Eric. On the question of shifting. My 
experience with advertisers is they do not shift the ad. And the reason is that the decisions that they make are sort of 
stand-alone. In other words, they will simply maximize the amount of search advertising they do to maximize their 
revenue and then the display decision is a decision they make which is both a revenue and also strategic decision 
around their branding and so forth and that's growing as we can offer – if you will, the science of Google applied to the 
display business. And that's our differentiator. We do it better than anybody else and that's why we continue to win all 
of those deals. 

Patrick Pichette, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you. In close, we're just running out of time. We're going to close on this for now. I want to thank everyone for 
taking your time to listen to our call today. As you can tell we're very excited about moving the business forward in 
2010. I want to take a moment to thank also all of the Googlers that have been listening to this call, for their hard work. 
2009 was a rollercoaster year, very strong performance and really the achievement of everybody on the team. So for – 
on behalf of the management team thank you to all and thank you for listening and Jonathan and I will talk to you in 
half an hour. Cheers. 

Operator 

And this concludes today's conference. We thank you for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


