Q4 2012 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Willa Chalmers, Head of Investor Relations 
• Larry Page, Chief Executive Officer 
• Patrick Pichette, Chief Financial Officer 
• Nikesh Arora, Chief Business Officer 
Other Participants 

• Carlos Kirjner, Analyst 
• Ben Schachter, Analyst 
• Scott Devitt, Analyst 
• Mark Mahaney, Analyst 
• Anthony Diclemente, Analyst 
• Justin Post, Analyst 
• Stephen Ju, Analyst 
• Ross Sandler, Analyst 
• Richard Kramer, Analyst 
• Neil Doshi, Analyst 
• Heather Bellini, Analyst 
• Douglas Anmuth, Analyst 
Presentation 

Willa Chalmers, Head of Investor Relations 

Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to today's fourth quarter and fiscal year 2012 earnings conference call. With us 
are Larry Page, Chief Executive Officer; Patrick Pichette, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Nikesh 
Arora, Senior Vice President and Chief Business Officer. 

Also, as you know, we distribute our earnings release through our Investor Relations website located at 
investor.google.com. So, please refer to our IR website for our earnings releases, as well as the supplementary slides 
that accompany the call. You can also visit our Google+ Investor Relations page for the latest Company news and 
update, please check it out. This call is also being webcast at investor.google.com. A replay of the call will be available 
on our website later today. 

So, let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered 
forward-looking, including statements regarding Google's future investments, our long-term growth and innovation, the 
expected performance of our businesses, and our expected level of capital expenditures. These statements involve a 
number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please note that these 
forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation and we undertake no obligation 
to revise or publicly release the results of any revisions to these forward-looking statements in light of new information 
or future events. 

Please refer to our SEC filings for a more detailed description of the risk factors that may affect our results. Please note 
that certain financial measures that we use on this call, such as operating income and operating margin, are also 


expressed on a non-GAAP basis and have been adjusted to exclude charges related to stock-based compensation. 

We have also adjusted our net cash provided by operating activities to remove capital expenditures, which we refer to 
as free cash flow. Our GAAP results and reconciliations of non-GAAP to GAAP measures can be found in our earnings 
press release. 

With that, I will now turn the call over to Larry. 

Larry Page, Chief Executive Officer 

Happy New Year everyone and welcome to our earnings call. Thank you for joining us this afternoon. We ended 2012 
with a strong quarter. Revenue was up 36% year-on-year and 8% quarter-on-quarter, and we hit $50 billion in revenue 
for the first time last year, not a bad achievement in just a decade and a half. 

We have talked a lot about excellence and velocity over the last year. While many claim it's my nature never to be 
satisfied, we've actually made real progress creating more beautiful and more intuitive products. Take Search, the 
perfect search engine would understand exactly what you mean and give you exactly what you want. Our Knowledge 
Graph brings that much closer. Search for Nikola Tesla and you will get information about this great inventor that is 
beautifully displayed right from the results page. His basic bio, books he wrote, his photo, no extra work needed; and 
we even recommend information about other inventors, such as Edison and Marconi that you can easily browse 
through. Again, right from the results page. 

And last quarter, we launched the Knowledge Graph in seven new languages, including Spanish, Japanese, and 
Russian. This is hard work. It's about way more than translating the words on the page. Google has to understand 
millions of different entities, as well as their meaning and context. 

I'm also excited about the progress we've made with Voice Search. You're in your car, sadly it's still a car you have to 
drive and it's not electric and you're running out of gas. Just pick up your phone and ask Google for directions to the 
nearest gas station and you'll be on your way immediately. It's a great example of how we can take the hassle right out 
of your life. 

Our long-term investments in Google Maps have really paid off. The team has worked tremendously hard to create the 
most accurate and comprehensive maps in the world. Driving country-by-country may have seemed crazy a few years 
back. Today, it's totally obvious because location is core to your search experience. And with Google Maps for iOS, 
we've reinvigorated our product. It's more intuitive and beautiful, and users love it. Google Maps for iOS was 
downloaded over 10 million times in the first 48 hours. 

In fact, six Google apps were included in Apple's App Store Best Free Apps of 2012, including; YouTube, Chrome, 
Google Search and Gmail. 

I've always believed that computers should do the hard work, so you can get on with the things that matter in life; 
living, learning and loving. So it's exciting to see our progress with Google Now. Launched earlier in the year, it gives 
you information before you even have to ask. We'll now proactively provide your flight times, or your boarding pass, 
or directions to your next appointment. We'll even suggest interesting places to visit nearby. 

As we discussed on the last earnings call, we now live in a multi-screen world. People carry a supercomputer in their 
pocket all the time. In fact, we feel naked without our smartphone and many users have more than one device; a laptop, 
a phone, and a tablet. We're living in uncharted territory. It's a new kind of computing environment. Everyone is really 
excited about our technology and spending a lot of money on devices, driving faster adoption than we have ever seen 
before. 

It's been a long time in computing since we had this rate of change. It probably hasn't happened since the birth of 
personal computing. It's why we put so much focus on devices. They've been one of our biggest bets in the last few 
years, along with the software to go with these devices, Chrome and Android. Our goal here is to push the user 
experience forward, so you get the best of Google in one easy-to-use package. 


The Samsung Chromebook, which we launched in October for the amazing price of $249, was a holiday highlight. I 
love mine. It's super easy to use, and it almost maintains itself. Open a Chrome tab on the phone -- on your phone, and 
everything syncs on your laptop with no extra effort required. 

We also launched two new Nexus devices to rave reviews, Nexus 4 and Nexus 10. In six months after we first unveiled 
it, Nexus 7 continues to define the 7-inch tablet category, making many best of 2012 and holiday gift lists. Clearly, 
there's work to be done managing our supply better, as well as building a great customer experience. And that is a 
priority for the teams. 

But considering all the excitement over the holidays for our devices, it is clear there is a tremendous opportunity 
delivering great value with amazing and simple user experience. 

Google Play, another big bet is on fire. The growth is tremendous. This quarter we signed deals with Time as well as 
Warner Music Group. So we now provide content from all the top Hollywood film studios, music labels and magazine 
publishers. We have not even reached Google Play's first anniversary. 

Many of you have questions about Motorola, and Patrick will go into details how we're accounting for the business so 
that you can get your models right. I am excited about the business. In today's multiscreen world, the opportunities are 
endless. Think about your device, battery life is a huge issue. You shouldn't have to worry about constantly recharging 
your phone. When you drop your phone, it shouldn't go splat. Everything should be done faster and easier. There's real 
potential to invent new and better experiences. 

Our CEO at Motorola, Dennis, has built a world-class team, and they're working on these opportunities. It's still early 
days, but I am excited about the innovative way they're approaching product development and the speed of their 
execution. And they recently signed an agreement to sell Motorola's Home division for $2.35 billion. 

2012 was an amazing year for Google, and we are all set for a great 2013. I am incredibly optimistic about the 
opportunities we have as a technology company focused on user benefit. Every day I come to work excited about more 
and bigger opportunities, and every day we work to have more and better organized Googlers, those are our employees, 
improving their execution and overall capability to build world-changing products. I know it sounds funny, but with the 
ambitious plans we have, we are only just getting started. 

Our biggest challenge in this area is focus. We face so many opportunities. It's always important to thoughtfully invest 
in the right areas where we can have the greatest impact. We don't want to spread ourselves too thin, but I'm quite 
optimistic that as we get better and better at managing our product areas, we will be able to continue to grow our 
ambitions. That's why I'm here, and that's one reason why Googlers love working at Google. 

Googlers remain our greatest assets, and we're working hard to recruit and retain the best employees. We've had a great 
start to the year by being named Fortune Magazine's the Best Company to Work For in the US for the fourth time. 
We've worked hard to create a company where everyone is part of the family, and where the work is challenging and 
rewarding. So we're really happy to get that recognition. 

I want to finish by thanking all the Googlers who've made this possible, and now I'll turn it over to Patrick. Thank you. 

Patrick Pichette, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Larry. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us. So, let's dive in by reviewing the detail of our 
overall business financial performance. As we noted in a blog post last week, the Motorola Home business has been 
presented separately as discontinued operations in our financial tables. This makes typical quarter-on-quarter or 
year-on-year comparisons little more challenging this quarter, but I will provide some color throughout my comments. 
So, without further ado, here we go. 

Our gross total consolidated revenue grew 36% year-over-year to $14.4 billion and 8% quarter-over-quarter. As I 
mentioned, this figure excludes the Motorola Home revenue. Had we included Motorola Home, gross total consolidated 


revenue would have been $15.2 billion, a growth rate of 44% year-over-year and 8% quarter-over-quarter. Google 
standalone gross revenue grew 22% year-over-year to $12.9 billion and 12% quarter-over-quarter. Our Google website 
revenue was up 18% year-over-year to $8.6 billion and up 12% quarter-over-quarter with strengths across most 
geographies and industries. 

Our Google network revenue grew 19% year-over-year to $3.4 billion and 10% quarter-over-quarter. Finally, other 
revenue grew 102% year-over-year to $829 million and 24% quarter-over-quarter driven by Play hardware and content 
sales. And were it not for fluctuations in currencies, Google standalone revenue would have in fact grown 24% 
year-over-year. 

Turning to Motorola Mobility, its gross revenue was $1.5 billion for the quarter. And once again, had we included the 
Home business, the total gross revenue for the combined Motorola entities would have been $2.3 billion. As Larry 
mentioned, we're really pleased with the velocity of change at Motorola. But it's still at the very beginning of the 
Motorola Google story. No one should be surprised if results from these segments are variable for quite a while as we 
restructure the business. And remember, we inherited a 12 to 18 months product pipeline that we are still working 
through. 

At Google Now, our global aggregate paid click growth was strong, up 26% year-over-year and up 9% 
quarter-over-quarter. As we said many times, there are several factors that impact the CPC click dynamics, including 
FX, geomix, product changes, et cetera. But this quarter, specifically, it's worth mentioning that we implemented some 
policy changes that lowered our paid click growth, improved our CPC growth, and lowered network revenue for the 
quarter. Nikesh will speak more about this in a few minutes. But the bottom line is that these policies are part of many 
constant changes that are focused on what's good for the user and advertisers, so we believe they are good for Google's 
business in the long-term too. 

Our aggregate cost-per-click was down 6% year-over-year and up 2% quarter-over-quarter. Once again remember that 
currently headwinds also had a moderate year-on-year negative impact on CPC in Q4. In fixed FX terms, in fact, 
aggregate CPC would have been down only 4% year-over-year and up 1% quarter-over-quarter. 

Turning to geographic performance of Google's standalone business, we continue to see strong performance in the US 
and the UK, while the economic situation of southern Europe continues to impact our rest of world growth somewhat. 
In our earnings slides, which you can find on our Investor Relations website, you will see that we've broken down our 
revenue by US, UK and rest of the world to show the impact of FX and the benefits from our hedging program, so 
please refer to those slides for the exact calculations. 

Revenue from the US was up 20% year-over-year to $6 billion. The UK was up 23% year-over-year to $1.3 billion, 
which includes an immaterial real [ph] benefits from our hedging program. In fact, in fixed FX terms, the UK grew 
22%. 

Non-US revenue excluding the UK accounted for 44% of our total revenue or $5.6 billion, up 24% year-over-year and 
includes a $36 million benefit from our hedging program. And in fixed FX terms, rest of world grew 28%. 

So, now if I come back to an aggregate level for the total consolidated business, our other cost of revenue was $3 
billion in Q4, excluding SBC and Motorola restructuring. Our non-GAAP operating expenses totaled $4.1 billion, 
which also excludes SBC and Motorola restructuring and our non-GAAP operating profit was $4.3 billion in Q4, 
resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 30%. 

For Standalone Google, traffic acquisition costs were $3.1 billion or 25% of total advertising revenue. Our other cost of 
revenue was $1.8 billion excluding a $101 million of stock-based compensation. The increase year-over-year was 
driven by equipment costs, including the costs associated with the hardware sales on Play, but also content acquisition 
costs and our data center costs. 

Non-GAAP operating expenses were $3.6 billion excluding stock-based compensation of $576 million. And finally, 
non-GAAP operating profit was 4.4 billion in Q4 resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 34%. 


One last note, depreciation and amortization expense on property, plant and equipment for Standalone Google was 493 
million for this quarter. 

At Motorola Mobility, total non-GAAP operating expenses including cost of revenue were $1.7 billion, and keep in 
mind that intangible amortization expense attributed to the Standalone Google and Motorola Mobility, they are 
included in these non-GAAP measures. And of the 289 million in intangible amortization expense this quarter, a 153 
was the result of the acquisition of Motorola and of which 116 is allocated to Google and 37 allocated to Motorola 
Mobility. And as a result, the non-GAAP operating loss for Motorola Mobility was 152 million in Q4 resulting in a 
non-GAAP operating margin of negative 10% for that segment. 

Let me turn to headcount. Headcount for the consolidated business increased by roughly 300 people in Q4. Keep in 
mind that consolidated headcount includes Motorola Home until it is divested and Home comprises roughly one-third 
of the total Motorola headcount. Standalone Google added about 1,400 people and in total the consolidated Company 
ended the quarter at around 53,900 full-time employees. Our effective tax rate this quarter was 18%. The change from 
last quarter reflects the mix and shifts of earnings between domestic and international subsidiary and hedges. 

Now let me turn quickly to cash management. Other income and expense was 152 million for the quarter which reflects 
realized gains on investments and interest income offset by the continued impact of our FAS 133 expense from our 
hedging program. And for more details on OI&E, please again, refer to the slides that accompany this call on our IR 
website. Our operating cash flow was very strong $4.7 billion. CapEx for the quarter was 1 billion versus last quarter of 
872 million. The majority of CapEx spend was related to production equipment, data center construction and facilities 
related purchases. We are very pleased with our free cash flow which was at $3.7 billion and please note that cash flow 
and CapEx both include the Home business for now. 

So finally, the success of our products and our continued strong performance as portrayed by Larry's comments 
continues to give us the confidence to fund our strategic growth in areas such as Search, YouTube, Android, Chrome as 
well as in our overall infrastructure with a view to the long-term. 

And I'll hand it off now to Nikesh who will cover more details of our business performance in the quarter. And after his 
remarks, we'll open it up for the phone lines and questions. Nikesh? 

Nikesh Arora, Chief Business Officer 

Thank you, Patrick. As Larry and Patrick have mentioned, our business had a strong quarter with a $12.9 billion 
revenue in Google standalone alone. We are very pleased with our year-on-year growth of 22%. I think our advertising 
business is firing on all cylinders. Companies of all sizes continue to embrace online advertising and the major players 
are increasing their investments. In fact, here is an interesting tidbit, across Search, Display, YouTube and more, our 
top 25 advertisers are now spending an average of over $150 million per year. I am delighted with that number. 

Our core business continues to be strong. Our investments in mobile and shopping have passed the holiday season test 
with flying colors. As Larry mentioned, our vision is for search to understand exactly what you mean and give you 
exactly what you want on all devices that you live with throughout your day. 

Talking about all devices, our queries from a wide ranging of new devices are continuing to power our overall growth 
in search volumes. Distinctions between devices, form factors are becoming less meaningful, particularly between 
desktop, laptops and tablets. 

Search performed very well last quarter during Black Friday and Cyber Monday. We saw a greater proportion of 
queries with commercial intent and higher RPMs in areas like retail, computers, and electronics. We launched a set of 
features to make shopping more stress free and more fun. I don't know if you've had a chance to look at it, but there are 
some interesting things like 360 degree toy imagery and integrating retailers, promotions and discounts into our 
shopping product. 


Our investments in Search, particularly in mobile and shopping, are really helping clients. Let me give you an example, 
Front End Audio, this is a company that offers recording and live sound equipment sales. Sometime in mid-September 
they deployed product listing ads. Within weeks, these ads were accounting for about 15% of their total sales. They 
also tripled their click-through rates and also reduced their cost per conversion by 75% to 80%. This is great for us 
because it's a product we believe is in the interest of the end user, is a great product for Front End Audio, improves 
their economics and improves our economic. 

Major retailers like RadioShack and Home Depot, they used our mobile apps to reach shoppers across devices 
including Click-to-Call, Click-to-Map. For Home Depot, mobile commerce sales are quadrupled in a year. Patrick 
mentioned some changes in policy and enforcement. These enforcements had the effect of reducing ad clicks on the 
sites of certain AdSense for search partners. These policy updates are part of our ongoing work to improve users' 
experiences in Google and on sites in terms of using Google Search. Since these policies improve the experience of 
both users and advertisers, we firmly believe they're good for our business in the long-term. 

Switching gears to YouTube and Display, we continue to make strong progress here. Video is a key language that 
brands speak, so it continues to be a key area of focus for us. Videos are now baked into the core of all of our products, 
whether its search, display, mobile, and of course YouTube itself. YouTube is well positioned for the changing viewing 
habits of today's multiscreen world. The sites new redesign is focused on channels and that has led to a major increase 
in engagement. 

In 2012, viewers watched over 4 billion hours of video on YouTube a month. And it's now available across over 400 
million mobile devices, gaming consoles, and connected TVs in addition to your desktop. YouTube creators continue 
to wow and attract audiences. Outside estimate say that that video which I'm sure all of you have seen of Psy, his hit 
song Gangnam Style, now the most watched YouTube video of all times. It generated over $8 million in all in 
advertising deals. YouTube Partner revenue has doubled for the fourth consecutive year and thousands of channels are 
now making six figures annually. 

YouTube is not only a home for creators, but it's also a home for major band advertisers. On YouTube, our top 100 
global advertisers spent over 50% more in 2012 than they did in 2011. Clearly this is a strong signal of the power in 
YouTube to reach audiences. What's interesting is the significant factor in the growth of YouTube has been our 
TrueView skipable ad format. Agencies and marketers are seeing real benefits. You only pay for the ad if viewers 
watch them. In fact 70% of our in-stream ads are now TrueView formats and this quarter TrueView came to Xbox, the 
iPad and the Wii. 

Putting all our advertiser solutions together is really helping us deliver great returns and develop close relationships 
with major clients worldwide. Like McDonalds who this quarter launched Always On Search and YouTube campaign 
to increase customer awareness and favorability towards their brand across all channels. In Q4, we signed a new global 
deal with L'Oreal under which we work to promote their brands using Google's digital offerings across the world in 
Display, Search, YouTube and more. 

Well our complete solution for marketers not only applies to businesses, but we saw this in this quarter's 2012 elections 
from the Presidency to local raters, Google's mobile search, video and measurement products were the center of a huge 
number of Democratic, Republican and issue based campaign. Our election advertising revenues increased by five 
times over the 2008 elections; here is an interesting statistic for you. In nine of the top 11 Senate races for the US, the 
candidate who spent more with Google was elected. 

Well, 2012 was not just a big year for advertising, it was a big year for our publisher business as well. Working closely 
with major publishers from weather channel to timing, bringing the DoubleClick Google ad technology stack together 
is really helping our clients increase their direct, indirect and programmatic CPMs. Our solutions for media companies 
now go well beyond advertising encompassing paid service, subscriptions and more. That was about our business, our 
ad revenue. 

Other highlights, looking at the geographic breakdown of our ads business, growth in Northern Europe was robust with 
strength in Germany and the UK, Asia performed steadily. In other regions we are very pleased that America has 


maintained steady growth driven by strength in mobile and YouTube. Southern Europe was somewhat softer as it 
continues to face macroeconomic challenges. Our Enterprise business continues to grow at an impressive pace. It's 
been gaining traction across some of the largest companies in the world. 

New customers this quarter include Nintendo, The Canadian Broadcasting Company, Shaw Industries, Posco, Randstad 
and Hyundai to name a few. After signing in May, the U.S. Department of the Interior moved more than 70,000 
employees to the cloud during Q4 making it the largest federal agency to-date using Google Apps. 

I think in summary we've had a good quarter. Our revenues continue to grow. Clients continue to see value with us and 
value in online advertising. We have been able to build significant new revenue streams in Mobile, YouTube and 
Display and clearly, arising on the Enterprise. We weathered various economic storms and are benefiting from the shift 
in advertising spend towards digital media. Plus there is continued strong execution and great client relationships. 

I want to echo Larry's congratulations to our teams around the world for all their hard work in delivering a great quarter 
and a stellar year in a tough environment. Thank you. 

Patrick Pichette, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Nikesh. With that, I am going to turn it over to Jennifer who will open the lines for the Q&A. Jennifer, all 
yours. 

Questions And Answers 

Operator 

Thank you. (Operator Instructions) We will take our first question from Carlos Kirjner with Bernstein. 

Carlos Kirjner, Analyst 

Hi, thank you. Two questions. Last quarter, we saw a material sequential decline of Google website revenue's growth 
rate of more than 400 bps. Even after accounting for FX, this quarter, we see another deceleration, I think of about 250 
bps on an FX neutral basis in the Google website's revenue line. Of this in a context where YouTube is growing really 
fast based on your comments. So what have been the major drivers of this continued deceleration of Google websites, 
and how should we -- should we expect similar growth rate declines going forward? 

And secondly, on TAC, it seems that TAC for distribution as a percentage of Google websites revenues grew less than 
what we had seen earlier in the last several quarters in 2012. What has driven the stabilization of this TAC -- of 
distribution TAC, and how should we think about distribution TAC in the future? Thank you. 

Larry Page, Chief Executive Officer 

Well, thank you, Carlos for the detailed question. I am going to turn that over to Patrick for, hopefully, he could 
answer. 

Patrick Pichette, Chief Financial Officer 

Yes. Thank you. So, Carlos, on the first one, you are right that there is quite a bit of noise because of FX on the sites 
year-over-year between Q3 and Q4. But overall, I think that we're very pleased with the growth around 20%. You're 
right that in the last quarter there was a bit more headwinds than this quarter. But overall, the Core Search business is 
doing well and driven really by the strength in Mobile, and we're obviously additionally pleased with the YouTube 


business, particularly the Watch Page. So, despite the fact that there is a quite a bit of FX noise in there and that carries 
over -- that FX noise does carry over to sites. Overall, I think that we're very pleased with the overall growth. 

In terms of TAC, I think that that's the case where obviously our mobile revenue is growing and it is having impact on 
our mix shift, and that's really the fundamental trend that you see in TAC, rather than a change in the TAC rate of any 
particular partner. So, that's really what's going on there. But I think, as we said in the previous calls, we think of TAC 
in the way, there is a really positive story in TAC, which is it is distribution and it's worth paying for. This is the 
positive side of our business having much more distribution of our apps across, and that's true also for mobile. 

So, we're really thrilled that all of the mobile is thriving to the extent it is. And remember that finally TAC is not a new 
phenomenon for us. I mean, we've always dealt with distribution partners and we'll continue to experience and manage 
it to make sure that it drives revenue and profit for both parties in a balanced way. So, nothing new here, but really 
excited by the trends. 

Carlos Kirjner, Analyst 

Thank you. 

Patrick Pichette, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Carlos. We'll go to our next question, please. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Ben Schachter with Macquarie. 

Ben Schachter, Analyst 

Two questions for Larry around the notion of sort of answers not linked. The first on Knowledge Graph, can you just 
give us a high level view on where we are in terms of its implementation and how widely it's rolled out? And 
specifically, how, if at all, it impacts the economics of Google's businesses? 

And then second on Google Shopping, the PLAs and the interface changes, I think, significantly improved the user 
experience, but a consumer still needs to leave the site to transact. Do you anticipate a mechanism where users can 
actually transact on Google Shopping without having to leave? As you said, sort of no extra work needed. Thanks. 

Larry Page, Chief Executive Officer 

Well, Ben, thank you for the questions. I think that -- I think we are still -- we rolled out Knowledge Graph very 
recently, and I think we are still in the early stages of that. I think that, I mentioned some of the internationalization 
work that we did, which is hard work. So I think we are continuing to do that. I mean, I guess we are still at 1% or 
something of where we should be. So I am really excited about what we can do in the future. 

I think the economics point, I think that the way we look at it is we provide much better answers for people really grow 
the business. So, we increased the number of times that you might want information, because you know you are going 
to get great answers, or increase the different modalities, you can get answers like voice or mobile or so on. So, I am 
somewhat excited about that, and then generally we monetize those things. So I don't have a comment on the specifics 
of that, but I think, we are quite excited about that. 


The Knowledge Graph does run on the right hand side where the ads also run. I expect there could be some short-term 
impacts on that, but I think the primary thing is getting people better answers is really good for our business. 

Google Shopping, I guess you're asking about product listing ads. I think that we are also in the very early stages of 
that. We just rolled out Google Shopping. We've seen tremendous uptake from merchants and from users. And I expect 
that the quality of the site, the ease of buying things will improve over time, and I'm really excited about that. I am not 
going to comment on details about that, but we are always focused on making our user experience better. So, can we 
have our next question, please? 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Scott Devitt with Morgan Stanley. 

Scott Devitt, Analyst 

Thanks. I guess following up on Ben's comment regarding answers versus links. Larry, you recently quoted, I think, 
saying about the possibility of having a system that could basically vacation plan for you. And now that you own ITA 
and Frommer's and Zagat, and you've built out Travel Explorer or Flight Explorer and Hotel Finder. Can you talk a bit 
more about the strategy with travel in terms of the problem you're trying to solve there relative to the historic 
experience of Google sending you offsite for depth of experience? 

And then, secondly, Patrick, I think last quarter you gave the FX neutral CPC down 8%. I am wondering if you can 
give that same number for this quarter, thanks -- for the fourth quarter? 

Larry Page, Chief Executive Officer 

Yeah, Scott, that's a great question. I'll take the first part. And I think that, we've always done a very good job of 
sending people to the right places. And I don't think that being able to answer a very complex information needs -means 
necessarily that we wouldn't send people off to other sites. So, I think the main thing for us is to be able to 
understand a complex problem. Like I think I gave some example like finding a hotel that's near, figuring a lot of 
logistics for the flights for vacation you might take. And a hotel and the activities you wanted to do, kind of solving that 
all at once in the way a human assistant might be able to do. 

And you still might use other parties to do that transaction. So, I don't necessarily believe the assumption of your 
question. But we are looking at those things, that was more of an example. I think, Google's aspiration is to be able to 
do that for any area, not just travel. And we've been working with as many companies as we can and trying to organize 
the world's information. And where we are needed to acquire companies, we've done some of that or worked with other 
companies or make deals or whatever we need to do. So, trying to be practical about it. And I think we do have some 
amazing assets in travel and mapping and so on, and I think those things will payoff for us in the future providing great 
experience. So Patrick? 

Patrick Pichette, Chief Financial Officer 

Yeah, Scott. The answer to your specific question is, on the CPCs have -- on a year-over-year basis they've gone down 
4%, and on a quarter-over-quarter basis they're up 1%. That is, on a fixed FX adjusted and that compares to the minus 6 
and plus 2 that I mentioned a couple of minutes ago. 

Thanks for your question, Scott. Jennifer, let's go to our next question, please. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney with RBC. 

Mark Mahaney, Analyst 

Great, thanks. Two questions; could you talk broadly, Larry or Nikesh, about Google Maps and where you think the 
monetization of that is today versus where you think it potentially could be? And then, Larry, I think you were quoted 
recently with some comments on competitive products out in the market. Any comments in particular on graphical 
search as its been announced, and to what extent you think that's complementary or competitive with Google's core 
search? Thank you very much. 

Larry Page, Chief Executive Officer 

Well, I can say a little bit about Maps. So, this is Larry. I think that people are always focused on monetization of 
Maps, but it's important to think about, for me to tell you the history of Maps. We started working on Maps a long, long 
time ago, and because we thought it was critical to your search experience. It's actually finding what you are looking 
for. 

And if we look at our component of queries that are geographically related, it's a huge number and always has been. 
And so, again, to understand those queries, we have to understand where things are in the real world. So that's been 
always a core part of our main web search. And we already make quite a bit of money on web search. And I already 
told you that has a significant amount of queries. So actually we already make quite a bit of money on Maps in that way 
as a part of our core business, and a significant part, which really allowed us to make those investments. 

We are in the early stages of monetization on the Maps themselves. And I think we are doing some interesting things 
there, I think we'll continue to do that. I think it's likely to be a great source of revenue, but still in the early stages on 
the Maps, but on the Search side, we have significant revenue already. 

I think you're asking about Graph Search, which was recently announced, I think that when we think about Search, our 
mission has been to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. And we've been at 
that for quite a while, and made investments in all sorts of areas, like Maps I just mentioned, which turned out to be 
really important, and that's the way we think about it. There is knowledge search, there is all sorts of investments we've 
made, gathering different kinds of data and making sure we have everyone's data, and we will continue to do that. And 
that business has changed a lot. Like 10 years ago, where you thought Google should do is almost unrecognizable 
compared to what it does now, and a number of things that it understands. 

So we see there's tremendous opportunity to make better products for users, they really understand their needs and 
really grow opportunity. If you look at Voice, for example, which we have also made huge investments in, the 
importance of that to mobile for finding things. I mentioned, you can ask Google where the nearest gas station is with 
your phone while you are driving on your (inaudible) and it will just work perfectly. And so I think we see that as just 
all sorts of aspects on those problems and we've been very focused on that. 

Now is another great example, there is tremendous innovation there. It's actually answering your question before you 
even think to have the question. And that's pretty incredible. I'm super excited about that. So, I feel very confident of 
our core business, of organizing things, finding things, getting people information. So, I couldn't be more excited about 
that. 

Mark Mahaney, Analyst 

Okay. 


Larry Page, Chief Executive Officer 

Our next question? 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Anthony Diclemente with Barclays. 

Anthony Diclemente, Analyst 

Hi. First for Patrick on Motorola. In terms of the losses, which widened in the quarter, I'm wondering if you could 
contextualize for us the financial direction of Motorola both in terms of the revenue declining and the growing 
expenses? I mean, I know this isn't something that Google typically does, but I think it would be helpful for investors if 
there is any way to kind of put a band or a threshold around what the initial operating losses could be on Motorola? 

And then second question for Larry. Larry, around the commercialization of driverless cars, I just wonder if you could 
give us an update on that and your test that you're doing in Nevada? And then I'm wondering if you could sort of talk 
about Android as part of that. It sounds like the automotive electronics suppliers are recognizing the importance of 
Android for the infotainment systems in those cars? And so maybe you can talk a little bit about that opportunity for 
Android as well? Thanks for the question. 

Larry Page, Chief Executive Officer 

So, I think maybe I'll take the second half of your question first. I think that -- well, I would say also on Motorola, and 
then I'll let Patrick fill in. I mean, I think we are so excited about them in this. I think that we're really in the early days 
of Motorola with respect to Google's acquisition of it. I'll let him give you some details. 

I think that on driverless cars, I think obviously it's still early days here. Although I'm really excited about what the 
team has got done. And what that could mean for ordinary people, can really substantially improving mobility and 
potentially really reducing the land area that we have to devote for cars, which is incredible amounts in cities. It can 
really reduce parking. We are looking at that even for Google just as a major cost to reduce our parking costs in our 
facilities by having automated cars parked more densely and serve more people. And I think those things will be 
amazing deals. 

Android, I think that we are still -- that's a little bit different than the automated cars, I think, that Android won't be 
used in cars probably before we get automated cars into the mainstream. I think people are really excited about that due 
to the incredible success of Android. And we are obviously working with those manufacturers to help them make that 
happen well. So, Patrick? 

Patrick Pichette, Chief Financial Officer 

Yeah. Just a bit of color on Motorola. First, just to remind everybody, we do care about profitability and that is our goal 
with every one of the areas where we invest. And we have said that before and we are not in the business of losing 
money with Motorola or even cross-subsiding it. But we are really 180 days into this journey and we've made a ton of 
progress, including the sale of the Home business. And as I mentioned earlier also, we're kind of outsourcing our 
manufacturing and so much more that has been done and the restructurings that you heard earlier in late summer and 
early fall. So, I just want to remind everybody that we inherited kind of 12 to 18 months of product pipeline that we 
have to work through, and that's the reality of the business. That's kind of overall and then kind of rebuild the new 
product pipeline where Dennis' team has kind of been really focused on in addition to the restructuring. It does take 
time before it shows up. 


Having said that, finally on the financials themselves, Anthony, it's really worth noting that, Motorola is also hindered 
by a portion of the amortization of intangibles due to the acquisition. So, the losses that you see are somewhat inflated 
by this amortization of intangibles which we've decided to kind of put through the P&L on a non-GAAP basis. 

So, all in all, when we look at the losses like this quarter, negative 150 million, you take out the amortization, these are 
not consequential losses relative to either Google or the kind of turnaround we are seeing and the kind of positive 
momentum. So that's why Larry started by saying, we are really optimistic. But it does take time, and that's why I am 
also saying, be ready for a lot of fluctuations in our P&L over the coming quarters. It's just the nature of the beast when 
you reinvent the business. 

Thank you for your question, Anthony. Let's go, Jennifer, to our next question. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Justin Post with Merrill Lynch. And Justin, your line is open. 

Justin Post, Analyst 

Thank you. Larry, I think on your last call, you mentioned that you're impatient with mobile CPCs, not that they were 
in a bad place, but you wanted to get them higher. Can you talk about progress made in the quarter and do you feel like 
you're really making a positive inflection there or is that still a few quarters away? 

And then, as you look at your mobile business as far as the growth of queries or the growth of revenues and you look at 
it relative to maybe mcommerce growth, do you think you're gaining share in the market? Do you feel like your 
position in mobile is really secure and that you maybe even be gaining share in Mobile and maybe the Street doesn't 
recognize it? Thank you. 

Larry Page, Chief Executive Officer 

Yeah. Thank you for your question. Let's see, the Mobile business, I'd say I think we're doing very well. So I think we 
have tremendous growth, with Android. And I think we're serving our users very well. We're building amazing 
products that are getting better at a rapid rate and the rate of improvement is also very high. So, I feel pretty 
comfortable about that my focus mostly on our products and assume the usage will follow the great products. 

I think that, in some sense also we consider mobile an extension over desktop usage too. I mean, we have built a lot of 
great products that people use in their desktop like Maps, which have transferred very well. And I think that, one thing 
I've been amazed by Chrome on my Android phone, Chrome is just an amazing experience, like I don't feel like using 
my Nexus 4 or other modern smartphones from the latest generation. I think that those phones are like, almost like 
anything of desktop last year or something like that. So, I think the experiences are improving a lot and very, very 
quickly. 

So, I think we have hit some uncharted territory, because of the rapid rate of change in these things, but I'm very, very 
optimistic about it. And I think the CPCs will improve as these devices are improving as well. Obviously, I mentioned 
that we are working to simplify our ad systems for advertisers. In the light of all these changes and we are -- I'm excited 
about our plans there. But we don't have anything to announce today, but I am very excited about our progress there. 
And I think that we will make rapid progress in that area. So I think that's -- I think, I answered both of your questions. 
So maybe we can have our next question. 

Operator 


We'll take our next question from Stephen Ju with Credit Suisse. 

Stephen Ju, Analyst 

Yeah. Thanks, guys. So I guess the pace of your headcount increases seems to be moderating as we take a look back at 
2012 and the same goes for CapEx as well. So, do you feel like you are now at an appropriate level to tackle your three 
major areas of investment focus? I guess another way to ask the question is, are there any other sort of large scale 
opportunities you've identified that would entail acceleration in terms of your hiring or CapEx? Thank you. 

Larry Page, Chief Executive Officer 

I think, we run a number of different businesses. And I think that they have no different needs and it's sort of like, we 
are looking at the sum of all those things. So I think it's a little bit hard to predict those things. I think you should ask us 
call or whatever is necessary to make the best business outcome. So that being said, I think we have said in the past we 
have a lot of people. We are growing at the edge of what's reasonable just in terms of scaling. I think that's still the 
case. 

I would say it has moderated. But I would say that we have also slowed our international growth in products 
development a bit which is probably having some impact on that. I'll give it to Patrick for some more detail perhaps. 

Patrick Pichette, Chief Financial Officer 

Okay. Just to comment on the CapEx side, we've always said and I think if you go back the last couple of years on 
CapEx, it has been really lumpy. We've gone from really highs where we were above $1 billion and then it's kind of all 
the way down to a few hundred million dollars, now it's kind of moved back up. So it's a real testimony that it is lumpy, 
because as you add, just to use the example of a data center, you will see CapEx because we fill with equipment at data 
center. But once the data center is full, and then we have to put an extension to the data center, or then you are into 
concrete again and power. So it's just the nature of our business. 

Certainly on the core businesses are quite lumpy. So we without giving any guidance forward, we have been as you've 
seen in this quarter $1 billion of CapEx, really very much aligned with the excitement we have around our products, 
whether it be social, whether it be pictures, whether it be all of the areas that you've heard Larry talk about. And so 
that's why we are fueled as I said in my comments, we are fueled by the positive momentum we have in many areas of 
the Company. And we believe now is the time to invest and that's why we are doing it with confidence, discipline with 
confidence. 

Larry Page, Chief Executive Officer 

I will also just add briefly that we -- when we run our business, we find that it works better if our hiring is reasonably 
smooth. So we have worked harder to manage that smoothness, so they were not -- we have recruiters in place and 
hiring staff in place for the long-term and make sure we will provide a good consistent business growth there just 
makes us operationally run better and we've probably been managing that a bit more tightly. 

Patrick Pichette, Chief Financial Officer 

So, thanks for your question, Jason -- Stephen. Let's go to our next question, please, Jennifer. 

Operator 


We'll take our next question from Ross Sandler with Deutsche Bank Securities. 

Ross Sandler, Analyst 

Thanks guys. I've got two questions, first for Nikesh on Mobile and then one follow-up for Patrick on the Google site's 
TAC. So Nikesh, what percent of your several million advertising clients are bidding on mobile key words today? And 
what percentage do you think have mobile specific websites enabled already? 

And then Patrick, the follow-up on TAC, the year-over-year growth rate for Google website's TAC decelerated from 
45% to 43%, subtle, but there is probably some organic items in there that are helping it. Is that a function of 
smartphone installation growth rolling over or any partnership agreements or something else, can you just give us a 
little color on that deceleration? Thanks. 

Nikesh Arora, Chief Business Officer 

Thanks for your question, Ross. On the Mobile front, I think it's important to understand that a vast majority of our 
advertisers are opted into mobile from an advertising point of view. I think Larry said this a few quarters ago, that we 
have slowly have been working over time, to try and make it feel like a common experience across multiple screens for 
advertisers, because advertisers are more interested in the business benefit of advertising with us as opposed to 
specifically which form factor, which device they invest with us on. So our teams have been working really hard in the 
last few quarters to try and get us to a point where we can make it simple for the advertiser where they come to us with 
a business problem and we are able to solve it for them irrespective of device, irrespective of form factor or property 
that they are going to have advertise on. So, from that perspective, I think things are going in the right direction. 

As far as specifically how many advertisers have mobile landing pages that they can send their users to? That number is 
not as much as we'd like it. Obviously, we've had programs we have talked about in the past earning calls like GoMo 
which help businesses go mobile. So those efforts are bearing fruit. But broadly speaking, I think we are happy with the 
progress we've made both on getting advertisers to be more mobilized and also what we are doing from a campaign 
management perspective to get more and more campaigns that can run across all devices and form factors. 

Larry Page, Chief Executive Officer 

I'll just add on the mobile question. We don't necessarily want them to have mobile sites some are too simple and I find 
I get kind of frustrated on my phone sometimes when I have these mobile specific sites, because I am using a modern 
Nexus 4 that can actually view up the full site and I just find it confusing. 

So I think as an industry, we need to improve these experiences and that will take a bit of time, but I'm -- I'd almost say 
that, we should be designing some mobile the kind of mobile phones that we had now at the state-of-the-art or a little 
bit beyond. And that those experiences should work on all devices pretty well. So I'd actually like to say some -- go 
more in that direction perhaps. So, Patrick? 

Patrick Pichette, Chief Financial Officer 

Just on my side, I need Ross, I need you to actually call us after this because when I look at our TAC for the Google 
Web -- as a percentage of website revenue, it's pretty stable to us and every way we look at it is pretty stable. So I am 
not sure if there is anything you are looking into it that we are missing, but don't hesitate to follow-up with the IR team 
afterwards. But we don't see any deceleration in any meaningful way on the website side. So, thanks, Ross. 

Larry Page, Chief Executive Officer 


Okay, can we have our next question? 

Operator 

Yes, we will take our next question from Richard Kramer with Arete Research. 

Richard Kramer, Analyst 

Thanks very much. Larry, a couple of quick questions. First of all just to polish up this Mobile and CPC question, how 
many years do you think it's going to take before CPCs on Mobile and Desktop are roughly equal trading off sort of 
location and display size? 

And I guess another question, looking broadly at the business there are a number of geographical markets like China 
where you are simply not able to operate, do you see any prospect for being able to enter some of those markets in the 
medium term? Or do you think that the business is still going to be geographically constrained? And then a quick one 
for Patrick, will there be an impairment test coming up on Motorola especially with respect to the IPR given the FTC 
settlement around Standards-Essential Patent? Thanks. 

Larry Page, Chief Executive Officer 

Yeah. Thank you, Richard for all the questions. I think that's a threefer. Although it seems to be, and I am not going to 
make predictions about when they will be equal; I don't think they will be equal, I think probably one will always be 
bigger than the other, though, not clear which way. I think that -- but I don't think this is a long-term problem. I mean, I 
don't think this is a long time in coming, and I think as I have said before, there's a lot of advantages to mobile. 

You already know location quite clearly, you can call somebody easily, you have a camera, you can hangout with the 
business, you can be notified instantly. There's just a lot of things about mobile that are amazing opportunities for 
advertisers and for businesses. So I expect that to revolutionize how people do marketing and we are working hard on 
that. And I expect that that will work a lot better for users and for advertisers and businesses, and therefore more 
money. We will be able to generate a lot more money than we do now. 

Okay. So, maybe Nikesh can address China. 

Nikesh Arora, Chief Business Officer 

I thought I was getting the mobile CPC question, Larry. 

Larry Page, Chief Executive Officer 

You can do the second one first, though, Nikesh. 

Nikesh Arora, Chief Business Officer 

Okay. I think it is fair to say we do operate in China right now. We have an ad sales business. We have a display 
business in the market. We know there is many users who use Android devices in the market. I think what's important 
to understand is the reason we decided to not operate in China was because we believe that we wanted to make sure 
that users are able to have unfettered access to our products. And the products where we believe they have ability to 
access in an unfettered fashion, we do operate in the market. 


It's only the ones where they aren't able to access in the way we would like to, in which case they are able to access it 
through our operations in Hong Kong. So, we think we operate in China, not in the way you might perceive it, but users 
have access to our services and there is even a small revenue business that we have in China. 

Larry Page, Chief Executive Officer 

Okay. So, Patrick, what might be an impairment to us for Motorola? 

Patrick Pichette, Chief Financial Officer 

We obviously, every time there is any formal kind of transactions or events that occur, we have to look at our balance 
sheet and if is any impairment test. In the case of Motorola, we don't think there is actually right now. And we have no 
information even with the Standards-Essential Patent that there is no information right now that leads us to believe that 
we have to do an impairment test on any of it. 

Remember that the Standards-Essential Patent for Motorola is a very small portion of the entire portfolio pool of 
patents that we got out of Motorola. So, just put that in the context as well. 

So, thanks for your question, Richard. Why don't we go to the next question, Jennifer. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Neil Doshi with Citigroup. 

Neil Doshi, Analyst 

Thanks. Can you provide more details around the policy changes that were implemented in the quarter, and whether 
they will continue to have an impact on CPCs and paid clicks in Q1? 

And Then also we were recently at the NRF convention in New York and we saw a demo of the Google Zavers product 
where users can click coupons, and then use those coupons in the offline retail world. How big of an opportunity is 
really bridging the online ads with off-line transactions for Google and this is something that's a key initiative as we go 
into 2013? Thanks. 

Larry Page, Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Neil, for your question. So I think that Nikesh can give us some color on the policy. 

Nikesh Arora, Chief Business Officer 

Yeah. I think it's fair to say, what we did was, we've always had a policy. The policy has been that we want to make 
sure that whatever ads are presented in whatever way our traffic is routed to ads, it is done in the best interest of the 
user. And we began to notice that they were sites and pages whereas we had too many ads in a page. So it became more 
restrictive and updated our policies for better enforcement, and that has resulted in higher quality results for end users. 
It has reduced in some cases the monetization that some of our partners are seeing as a result of this enforcement and 
hence you are seeing the impact on the numbers. 

We just announced this policy at sometime early this quarter, in the past quarter that we just went through, so you are 
going to see the impact over the next few quarters. We've also implemented more stringent policies around 


downloadable apps, and that's why I think both those effects are going to stay with us for the year. But we think in the 
long-term is the right answer for us, it's the right answer for users and it's right answer for advertisers, so we think it's a 
good thing to do. 

Larry Page, Chief Executive Officer 

Yeah. We've been doing things like that for a while just making sure we are focused on user experience in our 
advertising products. And we found that that's been a very good long-term focus for our business that has really 
benefitted us. I think that's kind of the ordinary course of it there. 

I think that you mentioned bridging online ads with offline transactions. As I said, mobile will increase the value of 
these kind of businesses. That's an example of it, like you can actually measure if somebody gets an offer that they 
redeemed it in a real store or they went to the store or whatever it is. And so, we are very excited about that. But we're 
still in the early stages of really making those solutions work for consumers, advertisers and so on. But I think it's a 
great area that you highlighted that. 

So, can we go to our next question? 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs. 

Heather Bellini, Analyst 

Hi, great. I had a question for Larry. I was just wondering if you could share with us your initial thoughts on the Google 
Fiber rollout? And also if you could outline for us your vision for the product if you look out over the next few years, 
and how this might fit into your opening comments about multiple screens and unprecedented change in the consumer 
compute arena? 

Larry Page, Chief Executive Officer 

Well, I think it's been great to see the success there with the initial Fiber rollout. We are still in the very early stages of 
it. Obviously, we are going to a small number of people and so on, but we are excited about the possibilities there of 
getting people kind of give you the experience and really great Internet experience. 

Patrick, do you want to add anything there? 

Patrick Pichette, Chief Financial Officer 

Yeah. We are really focused on Kansas City right now and you've probably seen in the press, it's called now the Silicon 
Prairie. And it's got a lot of press, because we've started to roll out, we started the implementation and the installs. We 
are growing up in terms of installs weeks after week and people just love the product. So, you are absolutely right, 
Heather, that we are really excited about this product and it's been a great success overall. 

So, while we are going to continue and as we've said all along, and here is another great example of one where it's not a 
hobby, we really think that we should be making good business with this opportunity. And we are going to continue to 
look at the possibility of expanding. But right now we just got to nail because we are in the early days. We just got to 
nail Kansas City. It's a perfect place for us to kind of debug all of the elements of the product and the experience for the 
users. But all-in-all, what a great opportunity to deliver kind of 100 times the average speed and that's what people are 
just dying to get everywhere. We have time for probably one last question. 


Larry Page, Chief Executive Officer 

Sorry, I missed the second part of the question too. But it's a pretty big question, you wanted me to outline the vision 
for the products looking over the next few years. I guess the best way to predict the future is to make it, so that's what 
we are trying to do. I don't have anything specific to announce this time, but I couldn't be more excited about some of 
the things I mentioned on Google Now of really understanding what your question is before you have it. Wouldn't that 
be great at the earnings call if we just answered all of your questions without you asking them, because that will be less 
work for you all. 

So, I think some of those things could really be reality. And I think if you look at knowledge panels and I recently 
asked like really obscure question I was looking at the height of a bridge? And I typed into the Google and it just spit 
out the answer, and I was dumbfounded that I didn't have to go and research that. 

So, I think some of those things would seem kind of like science fiction or really getting to Google apps. Sergey has 
really taken on and he used to think that was science fiction and he is running around with it wearing it, as am I 
sometimes as well. So, I think we are just really excited about the future and I think the rate of innovation in the world 
is increasing, and also I think Google and that's just really exciting place to be. 

Patrick Pichette, Chief Financial Officer 

Yeah. We actually saw Sergey in New York last weekend with -- in the subway with his plastic bags and all. So, we 
have time for one last question. 

Operator 

We'll take our last question from Douglas Anmuth with JPMorgan. 

Douglas Anmuth, Analyst 

Great, thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to ask you about Display to start. I think in the last couple of years 
you have given a run rate in 4Q. I was hoping you could do that again for this past quarter? And then also just talk 
about the early feedback and contribution from the YouTube App on iOS? And then lastly, any update on the features, 
timing and the process there? Thank you. 

Patrick Pichette, Chief Financial Officer 

So, let me just jump on Display. As we said many times in the past, we will give occasionally kind of numbers here and 
there just to give a sense of momentum, but we don't give them quarter-over-quarter or year-over-year. So that's exactly 
the case for Display. And in the case of early feedback on the contribution for YouTube App on iOS, I'll leave it to 
Nikesh. 

Nikesh Arora, Chief Business Officer 

We are very excited about the iOS app that we put out there, not just for YouTube but also for Google Maps, we think 
they both have tremendous amount of success. And I think it's an illustration of how, if you focus on the user and 
produce a great experience, it doesn't matter what platform it is. People will adopt it and adapt it and take to it. And I 
think our partners and we both are excited about that fact that these apps are successful. I don't think it's just a unilateral 


view. Back to Patrick. 

Patrick Pichette, Chief Financial Officer 

Yeah. Sorry, I just saw, Doug, your question on the C Shares. Look, as we said previously, this recapitalization is 
subject to pending litigation right now. And once the litigation has been resolved, we expect our Board of Directors to 
determine the exact timing of issuing the dividend. So, we can't really predict it yet, because it's litigation, but we don't 
expect it to occur before the second quarter of this year. That's where we stand on that. 

And with that, I just want to thank everybody for joining us today on the call. Wish everybody a really prosperous and 
happy new year. As Nikesh and Larry said, two-thumps up to all our Googlers for a phenomenal 2012 and making it a 
place of choice and look forward to an exciting 2013. 

With that Jennifer, I am going to let you close the call. 

Operator 

Alright, thank you. And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


