Q3 2007 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Krista Bessinger 
• Dr. Eric Schmidt, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
• George Reyes, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Larry Page, Co-Founder and President, Products 
• Sergey Brin, Co-Founder and President of Technology 
Other Participants 

• Imran Khan 
• Omid Kordestani 
• Anthony Noto 
• Jonathan Rosenberg 
• Benjamin Schachter 
• Robert Peck 
• Christa Quarles 
• Mark Mahaney 
• Douglas Anmuth 
• Justin Post 
• Brian Pitz 
• Jeffrey Lindsay 
• Youssef Squali 
• Heath Terry 
• James Friedland 
• Sandeep Aggarwal 
• Mark May 
• Jason Helfstein 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day and welcome everyone to the Google Inc. conference call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I would 
like to turn the call over to Ms. Krista Bessinger. Please go ahead. 

Krista Bessinger 

Good afternoon everyone and welcome to today's third quarter 2007 earnings call. With me today are Eric Schmidt, 
Chief Executive Officer; George Reyes, Chief Financial Officer; Larry Page, Founder and President of Products; 
Sergey Brin, Founder and President of Technology; Jonathan Rosenberg, Senior Vice President of Product 
Management, and Omid Kordestani, Senior Vice President of Global Sales and Operations. Eric, George, Larry, and 
Sergey will provide some thoughts on the quarter, and then we will have Jonathan and Omid join us for Q&A. 


This call is being webcast from our Investor Relations website and our press release, issued a few minutes ago, is now 
also posted on our website, as well as the slides that will accompany today's prepared remarks. Please note that a replay 
of this call will be available on our Investor Relations website in just a few hours. 

Now let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the statements we make today may be considered 
forward looking, including statements regarding our investments; seasonality; traffic acquisition costs [TAC]; increase 
in the cost of sales; plans to continue to invest in personalization; international growth; growth in head count; and our 
expected level of capital expenditures. These statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause 
actual results to differ materially. 

Please note that these forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation and we 
undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements in 
light of new information or future events. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our quarterly report on Form 10-Q 
for the quarter ended June 30, 2007, as well as our earnings release posted a few minutes ago for a more detailed 
description of the risk factors that may affect our results. Copies of these documents can be obtained from the SEC or 
by visiting the Investor Relations section of our website. 

Also, please note that certain financial measures we will use on this call such as EPS, net income, operating margin, 
and operating income are expressed on a non-GAAP basis and have been adjusted to exclude charges relating to 
stock-based compensation. We have also adjusted our net cash provided by operating activities to remove capital 
expenditures, which we refer to as free cash flow. We report our GAAP results as well as provide a GAAP to 
non-GAAP reconciliation in our earnings press release. 

With that, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Eric. 

Dr. Eric Schmidt, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you very much, Krista, and thank you all again for joining us. We are very pleased with such strong results in 
what is seasonally one of our weaker quarters. When we look at it, revenue growth was very healthy both in 
google.com and also in our AdSense businesses. And the seasonal weakness in traffic was milder than we expected on 
google.com, which was a very pleasant surprise from our perspective. It's obvious to us that the search quality 
investments that we are making are paying off, particularly internationally, as we do better and better in almost every 
country. 

Along with that, of course, we are working on expanding our breadth of ads offering with all sorts of new types of ads, 
Gadget ads, video ads, others coming. And each of these initiatives gives advertisers new and interesting ways to build 
relationships with their customers. So by building these deeper ad solutions, we really can deliver more value, 
especially in markets and industries where they have not really had these kinds of tools before. These are highly 
measurable and ROI driven campaigns and Sergey is going to talk a little bit more about this in terms of the steps that 
we are taking in Ads. 

Looking at it as a Search, Ads, and Apps, on the Apps side, we are now seeing a massive transition to web-based cloud 
computing at a consumer and enterprise level. We have talked about this for a while, and we now see not only the 
progress but also the future products both from Google and from the other folks in the industry to make this really 
happen. In our case of course, we launched the Presentation product as well as closing Postini, which is central to our 
enterprise push. We are really on the cusp of a world where everyone can create, share, collaborate, and find their 
content in the cloud anytime and anywhere. 

Before I turn it over to George for all I think the good news, let me say something about George. George announced his 
retirement. I have had the privilege of working with him for almost 20 years. I am embarrassing him now. Everything 
that I can think of financially that has happened at Google has really had George in the middle, whether it's going 
public, building the infrastructure of a multibillion dollar corporation, our large cash position, the secondaries, the 
financing; very, very good investor relationships; the openness that we are now seeking; the financial and discipline 


that fits in the company; and also amazingly our ability to deal with Section 404 and Sarbanes-Oxley, all driven not just 
by George but by people that he brought into the company. 

So with that, George, and hopefully an even better introduction to come, go ahead, George. 

George Reyes, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Eric, and good afternoon everyone. We had a very strong quarter across the board with continued impressive 
growth in our business. Gross revenue increased 57% over last year to 4.2 billion. Our Google.com performance was 
strong at 2.7 billion, representing year over year revenue growth of 68% and a 10% increase over last quarter. 

As was the case in Q2, Google.com traffic was stronger than expected, reflecting a milder seasonal effect than we have 
experienced historically. Consistent with past summers, we also saw strong growth in monetization, supported in part 
by a healthy pipeline of ads quality improvements. We are particularly pleased with our AdSense performance, which 
grew 8% over the second quarter and 40% over last year to $1.5 billion. Both the AdSense for Content and AdSense for 
Search businesses were strong as we experienced continued increases in traffic and improved our ability to monetize 
our newer partner relationships. 

Let's now take a look at aggregate paid clicks growth. Aggregate paid clicks include clicks related to ads served on 
Google properties as well as ads served on our partner sites. Aggregate paid clicks grew approximately 45% over Q3 of 
last year and increased approximately 5% over Q2. 

Let me now discuss our international performance. International revenue grew to just over 2 billion or 48% of revenue. 
The UK reported revenues of 661 million and 10% sequential growth, led by the strength in the finance vertical. The 
region consisting of Belgium, the Netherlands, and Luxembourg also experienced notable growth in Q3. The travel 
vertical was a contributor of growth across France, Italy, Spain, and Portugal and helped drive monetization growth. 
And in Asia and Latin America, where we are still building our presence and investing heavily, we continue to 
experience strong growth rates in countries such as Brazil, China, and Korea. 

Let's now turn to operating expenses. Traffic acquisition costs were 1.2 billion and 29% of total advertising revenue, 
down from 30% in Q2. AdSense TAC was 1.1 billion while TAC related to distribution partners and others who direct 
traffic to our websites totaled 105 million in the quarter. As we have discussed previously, as we grow our AdSense 
partner network and embark upon new initiatives, we may see pressure on TAC rates going forward. 

Turning to other cost of revenue, other cost of revenue increased 29 million over the prior quarter, primarily as a result 
of increases in costs related to our data centers, including depreciation, equipment, operations, content acquisition 
costs, data licensing fees, and amortization. We anticipate that our cost of sales will continue to increase going forward. 

Let's now turn to operating expenses. Operating expenses in Q3 other than cost of revenue included approximately 
$200 million in stock-based compensation and totaled 1.3 billion. Expenses related to payroll and facilities increased 34 
million to 659 million. 

During the quarter, we added 2,130 employees, the majority in engineering and sales and marketing. At the end of the 
quarter, we had a full time employee base of 15,916. Consistent with previous years, a large portion of our starts in the 
third quarter were related to university hires; approximately 1,000 employees that had accepted offers earlier in the year 
but started in Q3, after the end of the academic year. Included also are approximately 300 employees from the Postini 
acquisition, which closed in September. As we have previously discussed, we are continuing to take a careful look at 
how we can more efficiently allocate resources across functions and globally. 

Let's now turn to non-GAAP operating profit, which excludes stock-based compensation. This was $1.5 billion with 
non-GAAP operating margins of 36%, up from 35% in Q2. As we have stated previously, margins may decline as we 
continue to make investments in our business. 

Now turning to cash, operating cash flow was 1.6 billion and CapEx for the quarter declined to 553 million. The 
majority of our CapEx was again related to IT infrastructure investments, including data center, construction, 


production of servers, and networking equipment. We intend to make similar investments going forward as we continue 
to build the global infrastructure and resources necessary to serve and improve our products for our users and our 
advertisers. And lastly, free cash flow, a non-GAAP measure, which we define as cash flow from operations less 
CapEx, increased to $1.1 billion. 

And now, I will turn it over to Larry for more comments on the quarter. 

Larry Page, Co-Founder and President, Products 

Well thank you, George. I'm really excited to talk to you a little bit about Search and our improving search quality this 
quarter. We had a lot of improvements we made to search quality for users in markets outside of North America. I'm 
very excited about that; it is a big part of our traffic. We launched several dozen search quality improvements specific 
to particular international markets. We are especially happy with the results that we had in Russia, Thailand, Japan, and 
Arabic speaking markets. 

Now in Mobile Search, our search traffic there increased both domestically and internationally and the Mobile apps 
traffic is growing well, particularly in Maps. YouTube also launched a public site that streams selected YouTube 
content to mobile devices; of course, all supporting the iPhone edition, which we launched last quarter. And mobile ads 
are really doing well, especially in Japan, where we had strong revenue growth. We also launched mobile ads in Korea. 

Let me tell you a little bit about our user experience worldwide, especially about personalization and some new 
features. iGoogle, which has just been growing tremendously, expanded up to 43 domains now. We are really excited 
about that. We also made it easier for users to set up their home page on iGoogle and that increased retention and 
usage. And I love looking at some of these gadgets, the weather, even though in California it isn't such an issue for us, 
it's still good to know what is happening, and I can very easily get that on my homepage now. We have a number of 
available gadgets and are increasing significantly and a developer ecosystem that is really growing. 

Now, in Book Search, we really increased funding on relevant book results lots this quarter and we think that's a 
significant perspective on improving quality. And our Book Search index is also huge now. It's over 1 million books. 
You think about trying to stack those up on your desk, it would take quite a bit of space. We also added several new 
partners there with a total of 27 partners now involved in that product, and we introduced a number of new features. 

Now let me switch gears and talk to you a little bit about Maps and Earth, our geographic products. In Maps, we really 
opened up the map with API. That makes Maps a development platform, and it makes it easy for people to put their 
own functionality into Maps. So for example, we have – you can get real estate listings when you are looking at Maps 
or real-time updates to gas prices or ski and snow reports right on your Google Maps provided by third parties. 

In Street View, which is a feature that lets you see a view of a particular street or house or business, we added five 
cities in Q3 and six more just in the last week, so we're very excited about that. There are a total of now 15 major cities, 
where you can see street-level views of almost anywhere in those cities. 

In Earth, last week we actually launched a YouTube video layer on Earth. You can go to different areas and see videos 
users have posted about that area. I looked at a few from Brazil. They are very interesting. And companies like the 
Hidden Bay Lodge in Ontario have posted a fishing video about going fishing there. So we're very excited about that 
too. 

So I'll turn it over to Sergey now to talk to us about the progress in Apps. 

Sergey Brin, Co-Founder and President of Technology 

Thanks, Larry. I am really excited to tell you today what we've done over the past quarter in Ads and Apps. As you all 
know, for advertising our real philosophy is to create a win-win between advertisers and customers by presenting users 
with really relevant information which is interesting to them that's likely to cause this transaction to commence. We are 


really helping out both. But it's also important that it's not just what we say, but we can actually prove it. And so, 
measurement of our return on investment and the ability to optimize the investment is really important for advertisers. 
We have a lot of tools now available for advertisers to do that, but I want to highlight a couple new ones and a couple 
updates for this quarter. 

In beta testing right now, we have the Conversion Optimizer, and this lets advertisers adopt an ROI driven financial 
model even more easily than just going straight with cost-per-click type bidding. What basically clients specify, what 
advertisers specify, is how much they want to pay for a customer. And then, we automatically optimize for them, in 
each auction how much they ought to be bidding in order to accomplish that goal. 

We have also launched a new release of our Website Optimizer. This is where advertisers can run and create these A-B 
kind of split experiments. They can change their website layouts. They can rearrange their content. This is very 
important because there is tremendous variance even once you get a user on your website, how likely they are to really 
understand with they are seeing, how likely are – how easy is it for them to use; and ultimately, what percentage of 
those users do actually perform a transaction. And this is a really great way to optimize that. It can make a really big 
difference in the business. 

Next, I want to talk about some new Ads formats that I am quite excited about. And this does not mean that really 
flashy, in your face stuff. For example, we launched our Gadget Ads, and this is the global data that we are running 
now. And for Gadget Ads, you can actually put functionality into the advertisement. So it is more than just something 
to look at and click, but something you can really interact with. We have a Nissan Gadget Ad running right now that 
lets you punch in your Zip Code, and you get local traffic, it is fun for users. It helps Nissan build brands. We also have 
Gadgets that are actually really functional to what the company does. For example, if you're trying to book a flight or 
whatnot, you can punch where you are flying from and to directly into the ad. Anyway, we really are excited about 
these. 

Of course, you have probably heard about our in-video ads as well as the AdSense video units. So basically, instead of 
trying to do something, say a pre-rollout for video where you have to watch a commercial before watching your video; 
that would really not make sense, especially in kind of several minutes type videos we typically show on a property 
such as YouTube. It would be very distracting. Instead, we have a really nice ad that shows up in the bottom 20 % of 
the video that just overlays for a few seconds after the video starts playing. And in fact the initial user response rates – 
the user responses and feedback have been positive. And we have had better click-through rates than we anticipated. So 
I am very optimistic about this ad format. This is the kind of thing that we have to do when we develop new ad 
programs. You have to experiment with different kinds of things until you can actually find formats that really work for 
users and for advertisers. 

The AdSense video units of course – or the YouTube videos can be embedded on sites in the AdSense network. This 
certainly provides more distribution for the videos. They allow us to have contextually targeted ads in the video player. 
And this creates this three-way revenue share, which is really a win-win-win between the publisher, the video's 
producer, and Google. 

I also want to just, while we're on the subject of video ads, just mention TV ads, which we of course have been running 
now for a while. We really have been getting a lot of interest and bookings from advertisers. And the remarkable thing 
about television is it's surprising, but it is a fact that of the offline advertising, it is one that is closest to Internet level 
accountability. And we feel we can bring much greater ROI type accountability to television advertising, much as 
we've done online. 

Let me take a moment to talk about Apps and what we have been doing there. We have been growing. We have been 
seeing a lot of adoption of certain Apps for your domain, Apps for your university. The University of Phoenix, which is 
up to about 250,000 accounts now, students, faculty, employees, and so forth. Northwestern is now offering it to all 
students. That's on the educational front. For companies, we have a partnership now with Capgemini, which integrates 
Google Apps into their suite of offerings. And then Capgemini provides the systems integration support. And we are 
really excited about working with third parties like this because there are just so many great companies in the enterprise 
space that really know how to work with the customers and can plug our technologies in where it makes the most sense. 


We also closed the Postini acquisition, and not only because we closed it, but we already have deployed some of the 
Postini functionality on the Google Apps domain and it is just an automatic upgrade for our Apps customers. 

Now in the Apps suite, we now have rounded it out a bit. For example, we launched Presentations, so you can create a 
presentation. You can import one, edit them, and share them. And what this basically means now for my usage, 
whenever I got e-mails or need to work with somebody on something, I don't really have to leave the web browser. And 
then for presentations, it's great because you want to collaborate on a presentation if there is something you are 
presenting and you want to get it ready ahead of time. 

You can also – even watching a presentation, you can make comments on it and whatnot. You can even just go to the 
URL of the presentation as you're being presented to and page through it, forward or backward without having to 
receive a large attachment or having to print out or something like that. It's really convenient and I think it has the 
potential to change how people really work together. Now these Apps support a total of 27 languages now. We added 
six more this quarter, so it's a very international product and we're getting adoption worldwide. 

An important piece that we are working on has to do with offline functionality because of course you don't want to just 
have access to these things when you are on earth. You want them on an airplane, you want it somewhere where you 
don't have the Internet or your Internet connection goes down or is flaky. 

And the Google Gears was launched in Q2 to address that. Our Reader, as you all know, is our first Geared application 
as we call it, and the fact that it's very nice. I encourage all of you to try this product. It's very fast; it obviously 
downloads all of the items, so it's pre-fetched. They show up quickly. But you can expect more and more of Google's 
applications to show up in Geared versions, so that you can work untethered. Anyhow, I'm very excited about the 
progress we have made on both fronts. 

Thanks for your time, and now back to Eric. 

Dr. Eric Schmidt, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks a lot, Sergey. Looking back at the quarter, it's obvious to us that our model continues to work very well; that the 
systematic approach that we have to innovation and the way in which the company is executing speaks for itself. The 
strategy of Search, Ads, and Apps seems to resonate perfectly with this worldwide transition, if you will, to the use of 
the Internet on many, many different devices; so all very exciting from a Google perspective. And again, thank you for 
listening so long to us. 

Why don't we go ahead and get your questions and see what people think? Krista? 

Krista Bessinger 

Hi, operator, we would like to go ahead and poll for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Imran Khan from JPMorgan. 

<Q - Imran Khan>: Yes, hi; thank you for taking my questions. I have two questions. Number one, if I look at our 
network revenue, Google network website revenue, that improved significantly in Q3 after being roughly flat in Q2. 
I'm trying to better understand what is driving that growth. And secondly, you have been working with MySpace for a 
while and I want to get a better sense of what you have learned and how monetizable are the social networking sites 
that are out there and as these social networking sites' engagements are growing so quickly, are you concerned that that 


could be a point of entry on the web? Thank you? 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Imran, thank you very much for your question. When we look at the network revenue, a lot of the 
benefit we think is simply coming from greater traffic to our partners and then also strong monetization gains, the way 
ad networks work. Omid, can you give us some color on how the partners view this? 

<A - Omid Kordestani>: Sure, Eric. We look at basically both seasonality of the partners and their distribution 
strategy. Some of our partners benefited last quarter from having greater distribution of their services through their own 
efforts of syndicating their search and advertising or using our services. We have been ramping up our partnerships in 
the UGC space, we have seen nice growth in that space from partners like MySpace. I'll let maybe Sergey maybe add to 
the monetization angle here. 

<A - Sergey Brin>: This is Sergey. We have been very pleased with our partnership with MySpace so we've been 
pleased with the advertising performance. It has been a lot of work and innovation actually. I know you might not see it 
from the user interface on it that you see, but we are developing really new technologies and I think these social 
networks are going to require different kinds of targeting technologies, different concepts of advertising. We have 
already made big strides. It's obviously a challenge because there's so much inventory, people can be distracted by very 
many different things and it's very personal. So there are a lot of things that make it hard but our technology, our 
targeting, all those things are actually coming along very well and we view it as a great opportunity. I mean it's just so 
much more inventory that if done correctly can create that win-win I was talking about between advertisers and users. 

<Q - Imran Khan>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And now are we ready for the next question? 

<A>: We are. 

Operator 

And then we will go next to Anthony Noto from Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Anthony Noto>: Thank you very much. You talked in the call about iGoogle and the positive feedback you got 
from user metrics. I was wondering if you would comment a little bit about improving that product even further. It is a 
great application to allow me to more efficiently use Google. I don't have to enter in searches for all the information I 
want to have on a daily basis. 

And there are two things that I think that could make it a lot better and the real root of my question is, is there a 
technology limitation to doing the following two things or a legal limitation? The first is pulling out other applications 
that are popular on the Internet, specifically those that have been written into Facebook and others. And the second, you 
have often talked about advertising being a form of content and in many the verticals that I have on iGoogle and 
MyTAP such as movies would really benefit from display advertising as an additional form of information. So is there 
a technology and/or legal or other considerations that have limited you putting display ads on a page or pulling in other 
applications? Thank you. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: This is Eric. Thanks very much, Anthony, for your good product suggestions. There are some 
legal limits as to what we can do. We obviously have to get permission of the partner and content and so forth and so 
on. There is no intrinsic reason why the vision that you painted can't occur, and in fact, part of our developer strategy is 
to get people to build what are called iGoogle Gadgets. We encourage the sites that you named and others to make 
them available. We need to work with them. We obviously can't do it without their permission. Jon, do you want to talk 
a little bit about display ads? 


<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: In particular with respect to Gadgets, Anthony, we will certainly be offering a lot more 
functionality through the Gadgets. The current focus with them really is the user experience. We have done some things 
with themes, which we think have been a pretty big success. But really, what we're trying to do is figure out how to 
integrate much of what we're doing with iGoogle and also the concept of these Gadget ads, which Sergey mentioned. 
What is so powerful there is that the Gadgets ads just don't serve up your simple brand impression. What they do is 
they get people to engage with the brand and then we can actually empirically measure the level of engagement, which 
is much more powerful than the things people have traditionally done with display. One of the things I would suggest 
you do – Sergey mentioned one of the Gadget ads, the Nissan ad. I think if you type into Google either 'Honda Gadget 
ad campaign' or the 'Six Flags Gadget ad campaign', you will get some examples of some campaigns that have 
leveraged this technology to really deliver. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Our next question? 

Operator 

And we will go next to Ben Schachter from UBS. 

<Q - Benjamin Schachter>: If I'm reading the TAC rates right, it looks like the partner TAC went down pretty 
meaningfully, and then the TAC associated with Google.com went up as a percentage of revenue. I am wondering if 
you could comment on those trends. And then also you mentioned in the prepared comments about the level of 
accountability on TV ads. At a high level, can you talk about the learnings that you're getting from targeting ads on the 
search side, how those will work with both video and display, possibly offer an add-on? Thanks. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Jonathan, do you want to talk about TV ads first? 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: Sure, I think TV ads have actually been really underappreciated for the reason that you 
mentioned in terms of our offline efforts. This is really one of the few places where you can bring the same type of 
Internet level accountability to offline advertising. So with search advertising, obviously our customers see real-time 
how their ads performed. The same thing is really true with the feedback mechanism that we get with set-top boxes. 
We're bringing the same level of granularity to the offline TV format. The trials that we have right now are with 
EchoStar and Astound Cable. What we're able to do there is we're able to show the advertisers when their spot is 
playing and look at the viewing levels of users actually during the course of the spot. So we're very excited about how 
that is playing out. And we think it bodes very, very well for our progress in TV. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: How about we talk about TAC rates? George, do you want to start that? 

<A - George Reyes>: Yes, so our AdSense TAC went down slightly. But on the other hand, Google.com TAC went 
up, and primarily driven by the partner mix. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Our next question? 

Operator 

And we will go next to Robert Peck from Bear Stearns. 

<Q - Robert Peck>: Eric, I had a question on future use of capital here as I think of any large expenditures going 
forward. First of all, I was wondering if maybe you could comment on Google's desire to maybe put a large investment 
in Facebook or a large social network. And then I was wondering if maybe Larry can talk about the importance of 
700-megahertz going forward? I mean it doesn't look like Kevin Martin will probably codify what Google wants for 
700-megahertz. So does it come to a point where Google has no choice, not only put a token bid in, but to also bid to 
win, whether it be with a consortium or whatnot? 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: On the question about on a specific investment, as you know, I can't really comment on any 
specific investments. I want to assure you all that the cash is not burning a hole in our pockets. We don't feel some 


great need to spend it right now for any particular reason. We would do an investment that is capital if we thought it 
was incredibly strategic. Many of the partners we have been able to work with, we have not needed to do such an 
investment. They are happy partnering with us simply because of our technology and our ability to monetize. Larry, do 
want to comment about 700-megahertz? 

<A - Larry Page>: Sure, I guess I think we have been actually quite happy with the openness provisions that have 
been put into those 700-megahertz auction. So I guess I disagree with your assertion there. I think we have many, many 
different options available to us as a company in terms of spectrum and connectivity for people in wireless and so forth. 
So I don't think we feel like there is any desperate need for us to have to bid to win or anything like that. And again, the 
money is not burning a hole in our pockets. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Next question? 

Operator 

And we will go next to Christa Quarles from Thomas Weisel. 

<Q - Christa Quarles>: Hi, first question is just around in the mobile side, we're starting to see a convergence among 
hardware, software, and services, à la Nokia's bid for NAVTEQ. I was just wondering; do you feel comfortable with 
your current position on just having applications and the ubiquity that you can achieve in the distribution of those 
applications? And then secondly, I was just wondering if you could give us an update on when you think DoubleClick 
might get some clarification on when that might close? I guess the EU decision begins next week, but just an update 
there would be great, thanks. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: On the DoubleClick side, we are following all of the appropriate steps that are needed to get 
worldwide approval. And we're certainly optimistic. It would be I think premature for me to suggest any particular 
timing. I could tell you we have a pretty close working relationship with all the people, who I think in my view, 
responsibly are checking on does this make sense and so forth. But we believe it will ultimately result in a very good 
outcome for us. 

On the mobile side, we have talked at some length about our mobile application strategy. We're very happy with it. 
Mobile applications, there is some evidence that we're becoming the leading mobile applications provider, at least in 
certain segments. And the mobile story is a very strong one for Google. It is also a great one for the world. You see 
over and over again one company after another announcing a new interesting mobile platform. We want to make sure 
that Google and its technology is a part of each and every one of those platforms. Our next question? 

Operator 

We will go next to Mark Mahaney from Citi Investment Research. 

<Q - Mark Mahaney>: Great, thanks. First, congratulations to George for a job extremely well done. Just to keep 
going on mobile, what we are trying to figure out is how much of a future investment requirements success for Google 
in mobile could entail? And the setup here is, you obviously achieved the leading position as a PC search service 
without the need to develop a Google PC or a PC operating system or an Internet access service with all the 
infrastructure requirements that that would entail. Is there any reason that your success in the mobile Internet world 
would require any similar type developments: a Google phone, mobile phone operating system, or a wireless access 
infrastructure with all of the requirements that that would entail? 

<A - Larry Page>: I don't think that again, there is a requirement to do any things like that. I think Google – obviously 
we have grown a lot since we entered the search business. And the opportunities that are available to us are different. 
And there are opportunities for us available in those kind of spaces. And we would also love to get even greater 
numbers of people and wider access to our applications that we provide. So I think it is more of an opportunity for us 
than a cost. We have tremendous usage of our current mobile applications and we have deals with very, very many 


different wireless carriers and so on, and many other types of carriers, and I think those things will all continue. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Our next question? 

Operator 

And we will go next for Doug Anmuth from Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - Douglas Anmuth>: Thank you. It looks like you added more than 2,100 net head count adds in the quarter, which 
is significantly more than you added in Q2, despite being more focused on head count. But even ex-Postini, it looks 
like it is more than 1,800. Can you give us some color on the timing of your hires during 3Q, and then also how we 
should think about this in relation to margins going forward? Thanks. 

<A - George Reyes>: Obviously, I can't talk about margins going forward. What we said last quarter, as you know, is 
that this is in an area where we needed to spend some more time and focus more on what is the appropriate rate. And 
the good news we have done that. The numbers that you're seeing are essentially an overhang and they are an overhang 
from hiring that had been agreed to many, many months earlier. June of course is a major college hiring – university 
hiring, professor hiring cycle. So I don't know that that will be repeated. The important thing here is that we did in fact 
correct, and I think going forward you should be comfortable that we're paying a lot of attention to head count. 

<Q - Douglas Anmuth>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Are you ready for your next question? 

<A>: Yes, we are; thank you. 

Operator 

Then we will go next with Justin Post from Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Justin Post>: Thank you. The gap between your revenue growth, 57%, and your sponsored click growth has been 
maintained around 12%. Could you talk about the drivers there, where you are in your monetization cycle? Do you 
have a pretty good pipeline of things coming forward? And do you think things like YouTube and AdSense for Content 
could actually grow that gap as you look out to next year? 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: Hi, this is Jonathan. I can maybe cover some of the monetization issues. We're certainly 
very happy with the product upside that we achieved this quarter. It was really – it really came out of over 20 quality 
and UI improvements that we launched. There were two very big things that we have talked about publicly. The first 
was the reserve based promotion. And actually we only launched that in late August, so it only had part of the quarter 
to manifest itself in terms of improvements. And that was basically the change to the formula which determines which 
ads are shown above the search results in yellow on Google.com. So that was certainly significant. 

We have also been doing some things like previous query based ad targeting, which is pretty significant. We're looking 
at the previous query to try to figure out what to do on the next query. So we're pretty confident that we've got many, 
many more ads quality improvements like these. We are also launching them internationally pretty expeditiously. So 
from that standpoint, we think there is a very healthy pipeline in ads improvements. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Our next question? 

Operator 


And we will go next to Brian Pitz from Banc of America. 

<Q - Brian Pitz>: Great, thanks. Your CPC growth rate accelerated from 7% last quarter to 8% this quarter. Can you 
provide any commentary on this including is this driven by your recent algorithm change? And then secondly with 
respect to your ability to monetize significantly better than competitors, is there a possibility for TAC rates to continue 
to come down, especially with respect to the upcoming renewal of Ask.com? Thanks. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Jonathan and Omid? 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: I'll let Omid handle the Ask.com comment. Basically, you are talking about a 1% 
difference on CPC as we have talked about in the past is largely driven by mix. So, I think if you look at the 
monetization improvements that I mentioned, that's certainly a component of it, but a large part of it is also a mix issue. 
Summer does tend to be modestly higher from a CPC perspective. One of the things that we see is that there is a lot less 
academic traffic, which Google has disproportionate to most of the other players in the market. So, with less 
non-monetizable traffic and modestly more monetizable traffic, that is a mix that actually does play a role. 

<A - Omid Kordestani>: Hi, this is Omid. We are going to I think enter a period where you will see a lot of these 
fluctuations, so it will be hard to predict. One is driven by partner renewals, like the ones you mentioned where we are 
obviously focused on preserving our relationships with as many of our partners as possible, including Ask. But the 
other thing that is going in parallel with that obviously is increasing the quality of our network and our partners are also 
actively involved with the distribution strategy of their services like we are. So, I think the mix of those effects is really 
hard to predict. We are trying to improve the quality overall, which will I think actually eliminate some growth in terms 
of distribution in a network that's unhealthy in our opinion for the network. On the other hand, the renewal and 
improvements in monetization really drive up the monetization efforts. So, that mix is hard to predict at this point. 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: Yes, this is Jonathan. The one other thing I would add is that all of the ads quality efforts 
are very, very focused on eliminating a lot of the bad ads. In particular, it's a lot of the very bad ads which are low CPC. 
So one of the things you will see is that as we improve ad quality, reducing coverage, which in general is what we are 
doing, you will see the CPC increase because those lousy ads are generally the nickel or thereabouts types of ads. 

<Q - Brian Pitz>: Thank you. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Our next question? 

Operator 

And we will go next to Jeffrey Lindsay from Sanford Bernstein. 

<Q - Jeffrey Lindsay>: Hello; we would like to ask a little bit more about the 2,100 new hires, or the 1,800 after 
Postini. We noticed that a high proportion came in sales. Could you possibly give us an indication of a geographic split 
for these new hires, overseas versus domestic? And then can you give us an indication of the rationale for the 
expansion of the sales force? Given that a lot of your sales are automated, wouldn't expansion of the sales force be 
taking your cost structure in the wrong direction? 

<A - Omid Kordestani>: Hi, this is Omid. There are a couple of important factors and some of them you mentioned. 
First, we have been very focused on having the proper level of presence in every country that makes sense for us to 
have both our partnership teams as well as advertising sales teams that directly work with customers. And as you can 
imagine, in some of the emerging markets for example, both in Asia and in Europe, we have had actually early success 
with advertisers working directly with our systems through our online channel. 

However, you reach a point where local education, helping the efforts of monetization with the clients, requires the 
presence. And what our focus has been is to really push our field sales forces, our direct sales forces, to really spend 
their time on named accounts and also to present the full suite of products that we have. So one of the things we are 
trying to avoid is having multiple sales forces for the different products and services we have, for example, the 
YouTube activity. So, one of the great efforts we have done both in North America and in other regions is to actually 


train the sales force and combine efforts so that our customers receive one voice and one representation from the 
company covering the majority of the products. 

At the same time, what we're doing is paying actually a lot of attention to cost per revenue dollar metrics and sales 
force productivity and putting the right customers in the right channels, and mapping that with our sales organization 
where again, we balance the direct sales force that is in the field versus the operations team and sales efforts that go on 
in our big operations centers in Dublin and in Argentina and local countries in Asia and in India, which we have a 
major presence in. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Our next question? 

Operator 

And we will go next to Youssef Squali from Jefferies. 

<Q - Youssef Squali>: Thank you very much. Can you talk about monetization on the video side and YouTube in 
particular? You have started syndicating that content across the ad network. When do you turn up the monetization dial 
on that? Is it an '08 event? What is preventing you from doing it now? And secondly, I guess for Sergey, is it fair to 
assume that you have decided to go with ad overlays over a pre-roll and potentially post-rolls? Thanks. 

<A - Sergey Brin>: Yes, let me just take both of those. We are certainly progressing on monetization for YouTube and 
whatnot, but that is not the number one priority for that property right now. We continue to grow the traffic and 
improve the user experience. We continue to improve the publisher experience. And also we're working on things like 
the fingerprinting, which we announced recently, which we have just really fantastic technology for. 

On the advertising UI, we're very pleased with the overlay. But I don't think we are ever going to say like, oh this is it 
from now on. We're going to continue to test a variety of different formats. When we started in UIs for advertising on 
Search, where by the way the little text ads were considered really crazy, I mean it took a long time to really perfect 
that to get advertisers to really understand it, learn it, and ramp the monetization. Here also, I think we are in for a long 
term investment. 

<Q - Youssef Squali>: Thanks. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Next question? 

Operator 

And we will go next to Heath Terry from Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Heath Terry>: Great, thank you. As you start broadening out your advertising formats with your television 
relationships, dMarc, YouTube, to what degree are your search advertisers starting to manage these mediums from a 
single point of contact for you? And how far along are the more traditional branded advertisers in beginning to look at 
their Internet and traditional forms of advertising alongside of each other when they're trying to evaluate the 
effectiveness of that advertising? 

<A - Omid Kordestani>: This is Omid. We are actually spending a lot of time – that is a very good question – in terms 
of how we should focus on the core business and help all advertisers, including the major Fortune companies and FTSE 
companies across the world really take advantage of Search. That is a proven model for us. We really understand a lot 
about it. And that is something the sales force spends the majority of their time doing at this point. 

In these other areas, as Sergey mentioned for example, we are really prioritizing in the case of YouTube the user 
experience. But at the same time, we're having great demand and interest in advertisers trying these new formats and 
working with us. So in the case of radio, TV, print, all of these new initiatives, we are seeing a lot of interest. We're 
spending time on it and really trying to balance, not losing focus on the core business that we really understand well, 


and it clearly works for the advertisers as well as getting interesting trials going, trying different formats. So I think we 
seem pretty – we are very confident in terms of the future of these formats and especially the video, which is a great 
area of focus for us as well as TV. I would say in those two areas, you will see a lot of progress from us in the coming 
quarters and Search will continue to remain a very, very strong focus. 

<Q - Heath Terry>: Thank you. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Well thanks. Next question? 

Operator 

We will move next to Jim Friedland from Cowen and Company. 

<Q - James Friedland>: Thanks, I didn't hear any comments on the call about Google Checkout. And now that we are 
heading into the holiday season, I just wanted to see if we get some commentary on what you're seeing in terms of 
adoption, especially in the UK, where you just launched. And secondly CapEx, while we expect it to continue to grow 
quickly, has gone down sequentially, and I was just wondering if you can comment on how it has been trending in the 
core Search business in terms of ROIC on that incremental dollar spend? Are you getting better returns on your Search 
CapEx today than you were say 12 months ago? Thanks. 

<A - Sergey Brin>: Yes, this is Sergey. On Google Checkout, Google Checkout is continuing to grow. We're very 
excited about it. I personally use it all the time. We've been adding a number of great merchants. Most recently, we 
added B&H, which happens to be my favorite camera equipment store, but we are adding many others as well. And we 
are excited going into Q4 because we know we have – it is a fairly young product and this time we get to develop it 
further into the holiday season. So, we are really excited about that one. On your other question, I am going to turn it 
over to... 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: This is Jonathan. I caught the Checkout part of the question; maybe we can follow-up and 
get the second half. I just wanted to mention Sergey's shopping experiences are too limited. We've got a big chunk of 
Top 500 merchants in Q3. We launched PetSmart, Drugstore.com, ShoeBuy.com, and the NHL Store. I think the real 
story that is important there is that many of the advertisers that we are working with such as Jockey are reporting much, 
much higher click through rates. They achieved as much as 60% higher with Checkout and they decreased the 
cost-per-click by over 31% with Google AdWords and Google Checkout. So we're seeing much more significant 
volumes in terms of some of these advertisers and the performance with the advertisers. Specifically, I'm not sure I got 
the other half of your question. 

<Q - James Friedland>: The other half was on the returns on invested capital on Search CapEx because CapEx has 
been trending down a little bit. It's still expected to grow quickly but for that dollar spend on Search CapEx a year ago 
versus today, are you seeing improved returns on your business? 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: We don't actually use that. It's a good question. We don't actually use that metric in the way you 
phrase it. What we are really trying to do is to invest the capital of our shareholders as wisely as possible. So as you 
know, we have built large and very powerful data centers that are largely custom designed. Those data centers do more 
than just Search. They do advertising. They host Apps, they do Google Earth and Maps and so forth and so on. We're 
quite comfortable that that investment which we monitor incredibly closely because there are millions of dollars 
involved, really does translate into superior financial returns. One way to think about this is that a year ago, people 
would ask us about capital, why we are spending all this money in capital. And we would say we will get it, we will get 
it back in scale and in systems and so forth. And you are seeing the benefit of the investment a year ago. Hopefully 
you'll see the same investment return in a year for what we are doing today. 

<Q - James Friedland>: Great, thank you. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Thank you. Next question? 


Operator 

And we will go next to Sandeep Aggarwal from Oppenheimer & Company. 

<Q - Sandeep Aggarwal>: Thank you. Two questions, and I am sorry, again asking a question on mobile. I wanted to 
know if you can share what kind of mix are you seeing in terms of a search query initiated by mobile phone versus PC. 
And is there basically a trend you can share versus last year? Secondly, you have completed one quarter with Universal 
Search. If you can make any comment in terms of what kind of improvement end user has seen, and what kind of 
benefits advertisers have realized? Thank you. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: On the Mobile Search side, our mobile searches are increasing rapidly compared to a year ago. 
They are growing more quickly than non-mobile searches. They are still a very small percentage of total searches, 
which is something which is of great frustration to us. And we're working very, very hard with the mobile operators to 
get Google Search to be as standard as possible on every phone. It is very quick and very responsive because we think 
the people using phones really want to use Google to solve interesting information problems. Jonathan, do you want to 
handle the second question? 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: The second question specifically on Universal Search; yes, I think as you know, we 
launched it at the Searchology event back around the middle of May. We are very pleased with the increases in traffic 
which we saw this summer relative to the traditional seasonality. I'm not sure that I can statistically attribute the 
causality to Universal Search, but certainly what we are seeing is very, very favorable feedback from users. We are 
seeing good click-through rates, particularly as Larry mentioned, with the better integration of pieces from different 
data sets like Book Search. So as we add more books into the index and make it blend better, we certainly see higher 
click-throughs. So in terms of revealed user activity, what we are seeing is very strong. Whether or not that is actually 
what drove growth is unclear. I think it is certainly a component. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: And our next question? 

Operator 

And we will go next to Mark May from Needham. 

<Q - Mark May>: Thanks for taking my question. It is increasingly clear then in order to succeed long term in the 
online marketing services space, it is best to have a broad set of ad format capabilities. The question is can you provide 
us with some data points that illustrate Google's current position in what I think is the largest of those, which is – or one 
of the largest – which is brand or display ads, and what are you doing to better your position there? 

<A - Omid Kordestani>: Hi, this is Omid. I think at this point it is still early for us to be able to really put any 
markers. What we're very busy with is just engaging the customers, training the sales force, trying these new formats, 
understanding which ones work best. It is clear that the engagement model is of great interest, things like the Gadget 
ads that we mentioned. The accountability and the measurements, the kinds of things we're doing in TV that we 
discussed earlier, all of those are very meaningful to the advertiser. There's great interest from them to participate in 
these trials we're doing and these tests we're doing. I think we should be in a position to share more information with 
you in 2008 as we get more of these services out of beta as well as sign up more partners, more inventory, and get the 
advertisers to have more spending in these. But I think, as I mentioned earlier, I think you'll see that primarily happen 
initially in both TV and the video space for us. 

<A>: I think we have time for just one more question, please. 

Operator 

And we will go next to Jason Helfstein from CIBC World Markets. 


<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Hi, thanks; two questions, one quick one and then fairly longer. Are there any market share 
numbers or growth rates you can provide for China and India? And then my second question relates to the 
consolidation we are seeing of network buys by AOL and Yahoo. It seems to us that that is kind of a planned 
behavioral marketing. And do you have any concerns if they are not careful they might trigger a privacy concern for the 
industry and legislation or something we obviously don't want to happen? And are there any discussions that are going 
on perhaps at the industry or IAB level, so everyone is careful in that regard? Thanks. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: On the growth rates in China and India, we are starting from a relatively smaller base than in a 
number of other countries, and so the growth rates are quite significant. And we would expect that to continue until 
they get to some reasonably stable growth pattern. Both markets are growing quickly. Both markets are 
underpenetrated in the Internet as a whole. In China, as you know, we have a local competitor who has majority share. 
In India, it appears as though we have majority share. But in both cases, it is essentially an open field for all the players. 

On the question of consolidation and some of the privacy concerns, this is something that we spend a lot of time on. 
And we're very concerned that the actions of the industry as a whole, people who are concerned about what happens on 
the Internet, could somehow affect us or really hurt consumers. From a Google perspective, we have done a number of 
things to that respect. We have announced a whole bunch of policies around cookies and log retention, which are 
innovative in the industry. As best we can tell, we have the most aggressive privacy policy of any of the key players in 
the industry today. But we're also working very hard with government relations teams all around the world to try to get 
people to understand what it really means to have people using the Internet all day and the various conflicts that are 
inherent there. 

From a Google perspective, our ultimate success is based on the happiness, satisfaction, and excitement of end users. I 
can tell you that an end user is not going to come to Google if they don't trust us. So the ultimate check, if you will, on 
a company like Google is the fact that we are a consumer company primarily. And the consumers are free to choose, 
and if they believe that Google is a poor quality company with respect to their privacy, they're not going to use Google. 
They're going to use somebody else. So it is very much a fundamental part of our business strategy not only to promote 
privacy, but also to encourage everyone to take it very seriously. 

Dr. Eric Schmidt, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

So with that, it looks like we have run out of time. I want to make sure that everybody knew that we are having our 
financial analyst meeting next week. And we're looking forward to all of you who can attend in person coming. And of 
course, you are invited. And those of you who cannot attend in person, of course there will be a full webcast and 
everything will be available online, as you would expect. So with that, thank you very much, Krista. Thank you 
everyone for joining us. 

Krista Bessinger 

Thank you all for joining. 

Operator 

And this concludes today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 


information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


