Q4 2005 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Kim Jabal, Director of Investor Relations 
• Eric Schmidt, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
• George Reyes, Chief Financial Officer 
• Larry Page, Co-Founder and President, Products 
• Sergey Brin, Co-Founder & President, Technology 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Google, Inc. fourth quarter 2005 earnings conference call. This call is being 
recorded. 

With us today from the company is the Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Eric Schmidt; the Co-Founder and President of 
Technology, Mr. Sergey Brin; and the Co-Founder and President, Products, Mr. Larry Page; and the Chief Financial 
Officer, Mr. George Reyes. 

At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Kim Jabal, Director of Investor Relations. 

Ms. Jabal, please go ahead. 

Kim Jabal, Director of Investor Relations 

Good afternoon. Welcome to our fourth quarter 2005 earnings call. 

On the call today are Eric Schmidt, Chief Executive Officer; George Reyes, Chief Financial Officer; Larry Page, 
Founder and President, Products; Sergey Brin, Founder and President, Technology; Omid Kordestani, Senior Vice 
President, Global Sales and Business Development; and Jonathan Rosenberg, Vice President, Product Management. 

This call is being webcast from our investor relations website. Additionally, our press release, issued a few moments 
ago, is now posted on our website. A replay of this call will be available within a few hours. 

Some of the comments we will make today are forward-looking, including statements regarding our operational 
performance and margins, the prospects for growth in online advertising and our business, our continuing ability to 
grow and innovate, our expected traffic growth, the growth of patterns of our AdSense network and our Google 
websites, the potential for the services we develop to benefit our users and partners, the planned expansion of our 
international operations, our expected investments in our business, the nature of expected capital expenditures for 2006, 
our expense growth, our expected stock-based compensation expense, the expected dilution related to equity grants to 
employees, our future provision for income taxes and our effective tax rate, our planned investment in socially or 
economically progressive measures, our expectations with respect to our mobile business, our strategic relationships, 
including our planned acquisition of dMarc and our relationship with AOL, and the rate of introduction of new 
products and services. These statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to 
differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include a 
variety of factors, some which are beyond our control. These forward-looking statements speak as of today and you 
should not rely on them as representing our views in the future. We undertake no obligation to update these 
forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that occur after this call. Please refer to our SEC filings, 


including our report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2004, and our report on form 10-Q for the 
quarter ended December 2005, as well as our earnings release posted a few moments ago on our website, for a detailed 
description of risk factors that may affect our results. Copies of these documents may be obtained from the SEC or by 
visiting the investor relations section of our website. 

Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on this call, such as EPS, net income, operating margin, 
operating income, adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow, will be expressed on a non-GAAP basis and have been 
adjusted to exclude charges related to stock-based compensation, or SBC, and in-process R&D, or IP R&D, as well as 
contribution to the Google Foundation in the fourth quarter. We report our GAAP results as well as provide non-GAAP 
operating income, net income, operating margin, EPS, adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow on a supplemental basis in 
our earnings release. Reconciliations of all non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures are also 
included in the earnings release, which may be obtained by visiting the investor relations section of our website. 

Now with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Eric. 

Eric Schmidt, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks very much, Kim. I'd like to thank everybody for joining us on the call today. I'll begin with some introductory 
comments and then turn it over to George for some more detail on our financial results. After George goes through the 
numbers, Larry and Sergey will comment on the quarter and some of the initiatives we have underway. And after that 
we'll have Omid and Jonathan join us, as they did last quarter, to take your questions. I'd like to remind everybody that 
our policy is not to give any forward guidance and we here are going to continue that policy for the indefinite future. 

We're very pleased with these results, and hopefully you've had a chance to look at the press conference – press release 
already. We had very strong growth in our core search and core ad business, 22% quarter over quarter growth and 86% 
top line revenue growth since Q4 '04. We saw, and in fact delivered, expected seasonal strength in both traffic and 
monetization, all very good indicators for the future. 

Our focus at Google is on the end user experience, and, frankly, more and more time that people spend online will be 
spent using Google online in one way or another. And the product improvements that we make are geared toward 
enhancing user quality and really changing the way people use this sort of amazing thing that is the Internet. This 
approach, the end user experience, is the core to our culture and to our recruiting efforts and the way we manage the 
company. 

We see very tremendous opportunity for growth at this point. We have new innovative products that deliver the value 
to our technology into different channels. It looks, based on our analysis, that the international markets are highly 
under-penetrated, with tremendous forward growth, as we build out our operations there, and we'll talk about that some 
more. The expansion of our advertiser network continues at pace, continues to be very, very strong. But perhaps most 
important, we believe the rate of innovation will increase in 2006, as we continue to bring the most talented minds into 
Google and our unique innovation model delivers amazing new products. 

So we take the long term view of business, and we're going to invest for the long term and make some really big bets. 

So with that, let me turn it over to George to take you through the exact numbers. George. 

George Reyes, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Eric. First I'll go through fourth quarter results in detail and then summarize our annual results. But before 
we get started, as a reminder, we report both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP earnings exclude 
charges related to stock-based compensation, in-process research and development, and a contribution to the Google 
Foundation of $90 million. In our earnings release, we have included reconciliations to GAAP for all of the non-GAAP 
measures, including EPS, net income, operating income, operating margins, adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. So 
let's jump in and get started. 


As Eric mentioned, we achieved strong revenue growth during the fourth quarter. Revenue grew to 1.919 billion, an 
increase of 22% over the third quarter, and an increase of 86% year over year. GAAP operating income in the fourth 
quarter was 570 million. This compares to GAAP operating income of 529 million in the third quarter, an increase of 
8%. Non-GAAP operating income for the fourth quarter was 718 million. This compares to 596 million in the third 
quarter, an increase of 20% sequentially. 

GAAP net income for the fourth quarter was 372 million, compared to 381 million in the third quarter. Non-GAAP net 
income for the fourth quarter was 469 million, compared to 437 million in the third quarter. GAAP earnings per share 
for the fourth quarter were $1.22 on 305 million diluted shares outstanding, compared to $1.32 for the third quarter on 
290 million diluted shares outstanding. Non-GAAP earnings per share for the fourth quarter were $1.54 on 305 million 
diluted shares outstanding, compared to $1.51 for the third quarter of 2005 on 290 million diluted shares outstanding. 

Non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP EPS are all pro forma measures, computed net 
of certain material items, namely stock-based compensation, in-process research and development charges, and the 
contribution to the Google Foundation of 90 million made in the fourth quarter of 2005. 

In Q4, the charge related to stock-based compensation was 58 million, compared to 46 million in Q3. In-process 
research and development charges were immaterial in the quarter, compared to 21 million in the third quarter. GAAP 
tax benefits related to stock-based compensation charges and the contribution to the Google Foundation have been 
excluded from non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP EPS. 

The tax benefit related to stock-based comp was 14 million in the fourth quarter and 11 million in the third quarter. And 
the tax benefit related to the contribution to the Google Foundation in the fourth quarter was 37 million. 

Net cash provided by operating activities was 658 million for Q4, compared to 647 million in Q3. 

Now I'll go into some more details on revenue and expenses. As I mentioned a moment ago, total revenue grew 22% 
sequentially and 86% year over year, to $1.919 billion, demonstrating the continued success of our advertising 
solutions. Revenue growth was driven by expected seasonal gains in both traffic and monetization. Both Google.com 
and the Google Network experienced strong growth during the quarter. During Q4, the mix in revenue continued to 
shift towards Google.com sites, as revenues from our Google sites increased 24% sequentially, to a record $1.098 
billion, while revenue from the Google Network, the third-party sites that display ads provided by Google, increased 
18% over Q3 to 799 million. Revenue from our own sites represented 57% of total revenue in the fourth quarter, as 
compared to 56% in Q3. And revenue from the Google Network represented 42% of total revenue, down from 43% in 
Q3. We are very pleased with the growth in both AdSense for search and AdSense for content, as our search partners 
experienced strong fourth quarter performance and we continue to add publishers to our network, extending the reach 
of our advertising platform. 

This quarter, revenue from international operations was 735 million, an increase of 18% over the prior quarter. 
International operations contributed 38% of total revenue, compared to 39% in Q3 and 35% in Q4 of '04. The UK 
contributed 14% of total revenues, as compared to 15% of total revenues in the third quarter. The decrease in 
international revenue and UK revenue as a percentage of total revenue is attributable to foreign exchange and to 
seasonal trends, both of which I will explain further. We experienced an unfavorable impact to revenues due to the 
strength of the dollar relative to foreign currencies, primarily the euro, the pound and the yen. Had foreign exchange 
rates remained constant from Q3 through Q4, our revenues would have been 12 million, or roughly 0.6% higher. Had 
foreign exchange rates remained constant through 2004 and 2005, our revenues would have been 40 million, or 2.1% 
higher. 

In addition, we saw stronger seasonal trends in the U.S. than in the international business in Q4, with weaker December 
spending in certain verticals in the UK. Last year, the effect of this trend was offset by a favorable impact from foreign 
exchange and from the addition of AOL Europe in Q4 of 2004. We continue to see good progress in our international 
operations. Overall, our international business had a strong quarter, with very healthy growth in Europe, Asia, Central 
and South America. We continue to see international expansion as a key area of opportunity and investment. We 
remain under-penetrated in several markets and are focusing our efforts on building out our infrastructure and bringing 


more localized products to these markets. 

So in summary, we are very pleased with the strong revenue growth in the quarter and for the year. 

Turning now to cost and expenses. As all of you know by now, at Google, cost of revenue is comprised mainly of 
traffic acquisition costs, or TAC, expenses associated with the operation of our data centers, credit card processing 
charges, and amortized expenses associated with purchased and licensed technologies. In the fourth quarter, cost of 
revenue increased 775 million, up from 654 million in the third quarter, but decreased as a percentage of revenue to 
40.4%, from 41.4% in the previous quarter, primarily due to a reduction in TAC as a percentage of revenue, which I'll 
discuss next. 

TAC, or the revenue share we pay to our partners, increased to 629 million in Q4 from 530 million in Q3. TAC as a 
percentage of advertising revenue decreased from 34% in Q3 of 2005 to 33% in Q4. This decrease is related primarily 
to revenue mix, as revenue from Google.com sites increased relative to revenue from the Google Network. 

In Q4 of 2005, R&D spending increased to 157 million from 152 million in Q3. R&D spending as a percentage of 
revenue declined to 8% from 10% in the prior quarter. The decrease in R&D as a percentage of revenues is due 
primarily to a reduction in IP R&D charges in connection with acquisitions, as well as with the seasonality of 
engineering hiring in the month of December. You should fully expect to see growth in this expense line as the pace of 
innovation at Google accelerates. 

Turning to the sales and marketing front, sales and marketing in Q4 was 155 million, an increase of 47% from 105 
million in Q3. As a percentage of revenue, sales and marketing increased from 7% in Q3 to 8% in Q4. This growth is 
attributed primarily to the development of global marketing programs, such as our toolbar distribution deals, expansion 
of our global sales force, and investments in Asia and Latin America. 

G&A increased to 114 million in Q4 from 92 million in Q3, an increase of 23%. On a percentage of revenue basis, 
G&A stayed flat with the prior quarter at 5.9%. 

Turning to stock-based compensation, stock-based comp charges grew in Q4 to 58 million from 46 million in the 
previous quarter, primarily related to Google stock units issued in Q4 and those that were issued previously. Our 
non-GAAP results are net of these charges after the related tax effect. Stock-based compensation in 2006 will be 
significantly greater than it was in 2005 as a result of our adoption of FAS 123R, effective January 1st, 2006, which 
requires the expensing of all stock-based compensation. We currently anticipate that dilution related to all equity grants 
will be in the 1 to 1.5% range in 2006. 

As we discussed in our last call, during the fourth quarter we contributed 90 million to the Google Foundation. This 
was a non-recourse, non-refundable donation and was recorded as an expense in Q4. We do not expect to make further 
donations to the foundation for the foreseeable future. We do, however, expect to make equity and other investments in 
for-profit enterprises that aim to alleviate poverty, improve the environment or achieve other socially or economically 
progressive objectives. We expect these investments to be made primarily in cash and to be valued at approximately 
$175 million over the next three years. 

Turning to operating margins. Our non-GAAP operating margin in the fourth quarter was 37% of revenues, or down 
slightly from the prior quarter, as revenue growth and a more favorable revenue mix were more than offset by 
significant investments in all areas of our business. Our GAAP operating margin declined primarily as a result of a $90 
million donation to the Google Foundation in Q4. 

Now I'll turn to taxes. Our effective tax rate for Q4 increased to 41.8% this quarter, and to 31.6% for the year, above 
expectations of approximately 30% for the year. The amount of tax expense we recognize in any particular quarter is 
driven by our estimates for the year, and as we've said in the past, our estimates for the year are sensitive to the mix of 
earnings in the U.S. and overseas. These estimates are complex, and 2005 was the first year we realized any reduction 
to our effective tax rate as a result of profits earned overseas under our international structure. 

At the end of the year, we must true-up the tax provision for the year, which could, and in the case of Q4, did have a 
disproportionate impact on the fourth quarter. In calculating our true-up for the year, the portion of expenses allocated 


to international operations was greater than we expected. Primarily as a result of this, a greater percentage of our profits 
were taxed at a higher domestic tax rate, which resulted in a greater effective tax rate compared to our expectations. 
Keep in mind the complexity of projecting tax rates. We expect our effective – keeping in mind the complexity of 
projecting tax rates, we expect our effective tax rate for 2006 to be approximately 30%. 

Looking at liquidity, net cash provided by operating activities for Q4 totaled 658 million, as compared to 647 million 
for Q3. Free cash flow, another non-GAAP measure of liquidity, is defined as cash provided by operating activities, 
less capital expenditures. This quarter, we generated 413 million in free cash flow, as compared to 354 million in Q3 
and 309 million in Q4 of '04. Our capital expenditures in the quarter were 245 million, primarily reflecting purchases of 
servers and networking equipment, as well as acquisitions of additional office space. 

Adjusted EBITDA, defined as net income before interest, taxes depreciation, amortization, IP R&D and stock-based 
compensation, increased 21%, to 814 million, or 43% of revenue in Q4, up from 672 million, or 43% of revenue in Q3. 

Our cash, cash equivalent and marketable securities balances were just over $8 billion at 12-31 of this past year, up 
from 7.6 billion at the end of last quarter. 

Days sales outstanding, or DSOs, increased to 33 days from 31 days last quarter. This reflects the growth of our 
international business, where credit terms tend to be longer, as well as extended credit to certain customers in the U.S. 

Now I'll summarize our annual results. Full-year 2005 revenues increased 93%, to 6.1 billion. International revenue 
accounted for 39% of total revenue, up from 34% in 2004. GAAP operating income was $2 billion, compared to 2004 
GAAP operating income of 640 million, which was impacted by a charge related to a legal settlement in 2004. 

On a GAAP basis, net income nearly quadrupled, reaching 1.5 billion, compared to 399 million in 2004. 

Total CapEx spending for the year was 838 million. Looking forward, we will continue to invest heavily in our global 
infrastructure, including servers, networking equipment and data centers, with a smaller proportion on real estate 
investments. 

On a worldwide basis, we grew to 5,680 full-time employees as of December 31st of 2005, as compared with 4,989 
employees as of September 30th of 2005, and 3,021 employees as of December 31st of 2004. 

So, to summarize, we are very pleased with our Q4 results. As we have previously emphasized, we're investing 
aggressively in our business and scaling rapidly to pursue enormous opportunities for long-term growth. We'll fuel 
innovation through deliberate and appropriate investments in R&D and in our core infrastructure, as well as through 
acquisitions. We believe these investments are critical to achieving our mission and to maintaining our competitive 
advantage. 

And with that, I would like to turn the call over to Larry Page for more details. 

Larry Page, Co-Founder and President, Products 

Thank you, George. We spend a lot of time at Google focusing on our users. We're always innovating to find new ways 
to serve their interests better. I want to talk about three areas where we've been targeting our innovation. We see that 
users want more personalized products that they can tailor to their needs. We see that they're always looking to find 
more information easily. And we recognize that users are seeking new ways to get information, using devices other 
than their PCs. During this past quarter, we introduced several new products and services that we would think – that we 
think will help meet these needs. 

On personalization, we're learning that as people use Google more they want more targeted results, so we're bringing 
information to our users in more personalized ways. For example, our personalized search feature takes previous search 
history into account when presenting results, and is now available in 12 languages. Users can set up Google News to 
get stories based on their preferences through the Google Accounts login. We also launched 12 new local editions of 
Google News, expanding the reach of news information tailored to users. More recently, we announced Google 


Personalized Home for mobile devices, a new service that enables users access to their personalized Google home page 
on their mobile phones and PDAs. And just this week we announced a beta version of Google Toolbar that offers the 
ability to store bookmarks and access them from anywhere, and other new features. 

To provide people with more information, we worked with more partners to add new content to our services. Google 
Book Search and the related library project provide new ways for users to locate material that previously couldn't be 
searched online. Google Base collects even more information about a wider diversity of new types of searchable 
content. The way we organize and present the content allows us to give users more targeted search results. 

We broadened the scope of Google Video, so the users can search across a wide range of videos from many new 
content producers. We've already announced deals with CBS, the NBA, Charlie Rose and others and expect to 
announce more in the coming quarter. 

Finally, we're also giving our users more ways to access information. Last quarter we released versions of both Gmail 
and Google local for mobile devices. Anyone with a Gmail account can now easily get messages from their mobile 
phones. With Google Local now integrated with maps, users can access business listings, maps, driving directions and 
more on their mobile devices. 

RIM recently announced the release of Google Talk on their BlackBerry hand-held devices. We introduced Google 
Personalized Home for Mobile covering both themes that I discussed previously. In addition, we signed agreements 
with Motorola and T-Mobile to provide search services to millions of mobile phone users. We believe that mobile 
applications are essential in bringing the Internet experience to users in countries where mobile usage outpaces 
broadband. 

Overall, we're continuing to go make progress towards our mission to organize the world's information and make it 
universally accessible and useful. Looking to 2006, we expect to launch more products that bring more information and 
more content to our users. 

Now I'll turn the call over to Sergey. 

Sergey Brin, Co-Founder & President, Technology 

Thank you, Larry. First, I'd like to share some thoughts on our advertising business. At Google, we've built a 
user-centric business, meaning ad serving is based not only on when and where the advertiser wants an ad to be shown, 
but more importantly, when and where the user wants to receive the information. We've encouraged our advertisers to 
use an always-on approach to their campaigns, rather than a more traditional flight-based approach, and we are now 
really reaping the benefits of this approach. 

Changes we have made within our sales organization are enabling us to address advertisers' needs in a more targeted 
way. The fourth quarter was the first full quarter with a vertically organized sales force in addition to a growing inside 
sales channel, and we have been reaching out to both Fortune 500 customers and medium-sized businesses more 
effectively. Larger companies are now including interactive advertising as significant and increasing components of 
their overall marketing budgets. They are making more investments in technology and in partner relationships to help 
them to scale and to better measure ROI. Ford Motor Company has successfully partnered with Google to execute 
integrated lead generation and branding campaigns for years. During the quarter, Ford was the first automotive 
advertiser to run a major placement within our site targeting program. This campaign generated awareness around the 
launch of the new Ford Explorer, as well as promoted Ford's sponsorship of the Road to Kona Ironman competition. 

Alongside our larger advertisers, we continue to see many smaller, less well known advertisers building their 
businesses through AdWords, as we help them drive qualified leads to their site and grow into larger companies. Our 
platform creates a level playing field and allows small and medium businesses to take advantage of the same features, 
such as site-specific targeting, regional targeting, and conversion tracking, to ensure their message reaches their 
intended audience. 


We are also providing more flexibility for all of our advertisers. During the quarter, we introduced AdSense Onsite 
Advertiser Sign-Up, where publishers can sign up new advertisers directly from their websites, and AdWords Separate 
Content Bidding, which enables advertisers to place separate bids for ads that run on content sites, giving advertisers 
more choice and more control over their ad placement. As always, we're focused on improving the quality of the ads 
that we serve, and will continue to make product improvements that better match ads to queries and to content. 

In Q4, we renewed several important AdSense partnerships, including InfoSpace, Para Networks in Spain and Brazil, 
T-Online, NEC Big Globe, Business.com, WebMD and CNET. We also signed new deals with PBS, Encyclopedia 
Britannica and Merriam-Webster. And, per our announcement in December, we have also extended our relationship 
with AOL. 

We've continued to develop innovative ways to extend our competencies to other media channels. And in addition to 
our continued testing of ad placements in print publications, this month we entered into an agreement to acquire dMarc, 
a digital solutions provider connecting advertisers directly to radio stations through an automated media platform. We 
plan to integrate our AdWords platform with the dMarc solution in order to provide another distribution channel for our 
advertisers, and ultimately to increase overall spend with Google. 

So switching gears before wrapping up, I'd like to talk about some of the great progress we have made toward building 
out the business internationally. In November, we opened offices in Brazil and Mexico, and increased the size of sales 
and operations teams in regions where we still have large opportunities to increase our penetration, such as in China, 
Japan and India. We continue to roll out localized versions of our products in new languages, which is essential if we're 
to meet the needs of different users in different markets. This quarter, we rolled out 16 languages for Google Analytics, 
12 languages for Google Personalized Home Page and 15 languages for Google Desktop, among many others. 

As we look forward, we'll intensify our efforts to build out our infrastructure overseas and to develop products that are 
tailored to individual markets. We will continue to develop tools for our advertisers that help them to better understand 
and improve their ROI. And ultimately our goal is innovation. We hope to create new and better ways for advertisers to 
connect with their customers, wherever they may be. 

Eric, over to you. 

Dr. Eric Schmidt, Chairman of the Executive Committee and Chief Executive 
Officer 

Thanks very much, Sergey. So we had a strong Q4 full of product enhancements, many partnerships, lots of ongoing 
improvements to our platform, and all very consistent with the relentless focus that we have on user experience and the 
integrity of our search results. We exceeded our revenue and profitability expectations for the quarter. Now we're 
scaling this business rapidly and we're investing for the long term. This is a distribution scale business of, in my 
opinion, enormous proportions, focusing on end users, billions of them. When we build a product, we need to think in 
terms of the billions of users that are in so many different countries. We need to create access points for all devices so 
they can get this information. And we're focused on executing our business at scale with the lowest cost of capital and 
the highest performance delivered in the industry. 

From my perspective, this remains a unique and historic opportunity, putting more data on the server and information 
on every kind of device, mobile phones, moving information from personal computer to personal computer or personal 
computer to mobile without having to figure out what kind of file server, all those kinds of things, are something that 
people have been clamoring for a long time. We're not yet finished getting all the information into Google into the 
hands of end users around the world. So looking at 2006, lots of investment in better search tools, more personalization, 
much more content. A lot more focus on advertisers. We're already seeing strong monetization growth from our 
existing advertisers, and many more advertisers are joining. We get feedback from our advertiser cycle. Feedback in the 
cycle causes us to provide better monetization per for query, more services and more ways of making money as this 
market grows and as their reach grows. 


We have more advertising clients with brands, and those advertising clients with brands are learning how to use our 
targeted technology to solve their business problems. We're also applying this to a different medium, leveraging 
technology in other innovative ways, new user access points, mobile phones, consumer electronics, television, radio 
through the dMarc acquisition, marketing channels, print, click to call, all either launched or under development here at 
Google. 

From a corporate perspective, we're growing our talented employee base, great technical people, great business leaders 
all around the world. We've added Shirley Tilghman and Ann Mather, two outstanding individuals to our board. 

But Google is still completely committed to the fundamental mission of getting all the world's information easily 
accessible and useful. We're going to do very, very well here. 

So with that, we look very much forward to spending some more time with you at this year's analyst day on March 2nd. 
And, Kim, is it time to go to questions? 

Kim Jabal, Director of Investor Relations 

Yes, it is. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator instructions] We'll take our first question from Youssef Squali at Jefferies. 

<Q - Youssef Squali>: Thank you very much. Two quick questions. First, George, if I were to normalize for the 
differential in your tax rate, am I correct in basically saying that there's a 24, 25 cent differential which basically puts 
you back at $1.78? 

And second, Sergey, what are your plans regarding the offering of rich media display formats to your network of 
publishers? Can you just talk about timing? I understand you guys are doing a small beta right now. Should we expect 
revenue share to be similar to that of the Ad Network program? Thanks a lot. 

<A - George Reyes>: This is George. As you've correctly sort of started to figure out here, really most of the miss was 
related to the tax impact, you know, and that's sort of the gap to consensus. And I think that's the question you were 
asking. 

<Q - Youssef Squali>: Correct. And Sergey. 

<A - Sergey Brin>: Yes, this is Sergey. We have increasingly offered more and different kinds of ways to put 
advertisements online. We've been somewhat conservative. As you know, it took us a while to allow image advertising 
within AdSense, but we allow it now. And we have now increased the number of different formats and sizes that we 
offer. I expect that we will continue to do so, but we want to be cautious that the formats we allow have restrictions that 
mean that the websites that run AdSense always have a tasteful presentation. We wouldn't want really outrageously 
flashy things to just distract everyone from the website and for that website, as a result, to not want to participate in 
AdSense. That said, we're definitely open to lots of great new media formats, some interactive and obviously the offline 
ones of print and radio that I already mentioned. 

<Q - Youssef Squali>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll next go to Mark Mahaney at Citigroup. 


<Q - Mark Mahaney>: Great. Thank you. Two questions. As you look at the other types of media, print and radio, is it 
push or pull that's taken you there? Do you have existing clients who are coming to you saying we'd love to see you 
come up with advertising solutions for those media or are those just areas you find interesting and in need of 
innovation? And then just real quickly, any more any color on the UK vertical weakness you've mentioned, George? 
Thank you. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Why don't we add Omid and Jonathan to the conversation, since they're on the line? Omid, do 
you want to start with advertising? 

<A - Omid Kordestani>: Sure. Thanks for the question. I think it's really a combination. We're really trying to figure 
out how to integrate advertising solutions with more of the successful model we have in measurability. For example, 
we're very impressed by dMarc and the solutions they have provided already, really bringing a level of automation that 
is very similar to our model. Now the ROI models are going to be very different and we're going to look for working 
with our existing customer bases to extend into these new formats and mediums. The other is really, frankly, again, as I 
mentioned we have organized our sales organization to be really much more focused industry by industry and figure 
out, you know, again how best to serve the needs of the Fortune companies, the major accounts, and what we're finding 
again is that all of them have a lot of interest in figuring out how to bring more measurability and how to extend this 
and integrate more solutions across different formats. 

The other question about the verticals, I will let Jonathan answer that. 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: Hi, Mark. This is Jonathan. Just building on Omid's answer real quickly, and then I'll 
cover the UK. I think that it really is our ability to offer a unified platform for all media to our advertisers and extend 
the accountability of online to other media that you're really going to see. So it is both a push and a pull model. But it's 
really getting to that more unified platform that I think is critical. 

The UK answer is a little bit nuanced. You tend to see -- monetization in the UK is doing fabulously well overall. We 
tend to see a little bit of the reverse kind of seasonality in the UK relative to the United States over the holidays. There 
are also some specific issues just related to the way the calendar worked and you know number of relatively high 
monetization days that slightly adversely impacted that. But it's mostly just the reverse Christmas trend that you see in 
the UK, which is simply a cultural and vacation-related issue. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Douglas Anmuth at Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - Douglas Anmuth>: Great. Thank you. I was hoping you could drill down just a little bit more on the sales and 
marketing line, which came in certainly higher than we were expecting, and you talked about obviously growing out 
the sales force. Can you sort of give us some guidance in terms of how far along you are in this process in building out 
the sales force? And then also, how much of a factor that was versus some of the other things you mentioned around 
toolbar distribution deals and also expansion in Asia and Latin America. Thank you. 

<A - George Reyes>: Hi. This is George Reyes. I think the best way to address this question is over the course of the 
last year, in all of these earnings calls that we've had, I think we've made it very clear that we are focused on growing 
our business, and international expansion in particular. So I think the way you should look at the increase in the sales 
and marketing line is just as a logical extension of that. We think the opportunity ahead of us, particularly in 
international markets, is just exceptional, and what you're seeing is the investments that need to be made to sort of 
harvest that opportunity. 

<A>: OK. Next question. 

Operator 


Our next question comes from Jordan Rohan at RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - Jordan Rohan>: Thanks. I'm curious, and maybe this ties into Doug's question a little bit as well. As you look 
forward in 2006, do you see the same kind of incremental growth at operating expenditure? I think in the quarter you 
did 75 million higher operating expenditure than you did in 3Q. Is that the type of pace or growth in total operating 
expenditure that you can envision? 

<A - George Reyes>: As you guys know by now, we don't give explicit guidance, but let me try and sort of replay my 
tape one more time. So we think the opportunity ahead of us, especially in international markets, is exceptional. So 
we're going to continue to invest at these rates. And that's sort of the agenda here. 

<Q - Jordan Rohan>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Scott Kessler at Standard & Poor's. 

<Q - Scott Kessler>: Thanks very much. The growth in the Google Network websites was a little bit lower on a 
relative basis than I had expected, and I was wondering if you could provide any details related to that. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Omid Kordestani>: Hi. This is Omid. We actually have had very good success in renewing contracts and signing 
new ones, as Sergey mentioned. It just has to do with the fact that some of the biggest partnerships are in long-term 
contracts with us, and that there weren't any really new significant major amounts of traffic both in terms of content or 
search that we added to the network. On the other hand, we're experiencing nice growth in traffic. Seasonality was nice 
in the commerce sector, and we also are continuing to focus on partnering. 

<Q - Scott Kessler>: Are a number of these contracts that you speak of up for consideration in 2006? Is the pipeline 
looking like you want it to look like? I think people are kind of wondering why the revenues were the way they were 
for that particular area. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: This is Eric. In general, the contracts are multi-year contracts, and so they're pretty locked in 
from a business model perspective. The benefits that we offer advertisers for improved RPM is literally revenue growth 
per query per advertiser and so forth, inured to both Google.com and to the partner network. So what you're really 
seeing is that the aggregate growth of the partner group is growing somewhat slower than the total growth of 
Google.com, which is also mirrored in some of the market share analysis that people are showing. And it's hard for us 
to predict whether that will continue, but it has been a trend for some time. We are reasonably indifferent to which 
category gets the growth, although, if Google.com grows, there's more of a profit contribution, because we keep 100% 
of that rather than doing a rev share with the partners in the TAC calculation. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Mark May at Needham & Company. 

<Q - Mark May>: Thanks for taking my question. It has to do with the new consumer products. Some of the products 
that you launched last year have received mixed reviews, for instance Google Video. I'm wondering if you could grade 
yourself in terms of how well you think those initial launches were. If it were less than a 10 or a 9, what might you do 
different to improve the user experience there? And then just secondly, we haven't heard much about Founder Awards 
in a few quarters. I'm wondering, do you have any update, recent awards, or is that a reflection of innovation within the 
company? Thanks. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Maybe we could have a Founders comment on that and have Jonathan add as well. I was going to 
comment that we tend to ship products very early and in beta precisely so we can experiment with them. Larry or 
Sergey. 


<A - Larry Page>: I was just going to add that we've always done that and, in fact, when we launched Ad Words and 
things like that, it took us a while to get to the model we have now. We actually had – we didn't even have 
pay-per-click initially. This is sort of how Google has always worked is that we love getting things out really early. We 
love experimenting with them. We love having a huge pace of innovation. And so I'm actually very very happy with 
our progress. We're launching a lot of different things that people are really interested in. The teams that are doing 
those are learning a tremendous amount. Video has actually gone through three iterations already and has been 
tremendously successful. We've got huge numbers of videos on there. We just recently launched paid videos and we 
expect to do a lot more along those lines and I couldn't be happier with our progress there. I think Sergey will talk a 
little bit about Founders Awards. 

<A - Sergey Brin>: Yes, this is Sergey. If you think over the past year, we have certainly had a number of very 
exciting successful products that we are already pleased with and that have already reaped great rewards for our 
company. It takes us a little while sometimes to really assess that value and be able to appropriately reward those 
employees. But we do have one cycle of Founders Awards. It should happen in the next few weeks. There have just 
been a number of other important things we've had to attend to that have probably delayed that a bit more than we 
should have. And we look forward to really giving those out, because I think that, I'm not going to preannounce them 
now on the earnings call, but I think they're well deserved and those people will be very happy. With regard to some of 
the less mature products, I think, you know, we're going to give them some time to see where they take us and really 
evaluate their overall benefit to Google as a company and to our end users. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Why don't we take the next question? 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Heath Terry at Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Heath Terry>: Thank you. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about Gmail, specifically what kind of 
traction you're seeing there both in users as well has monetization, and what you think, as that product starts to mature, 
how you think, on a relative basis monetization within that offering will look versus the monetization in your core 
search business. 

<A - Sergey Brin>: This is Sergey. We are still in the phase of Gmail where we are focusing on innovating, on the 
features, the experience. We're spending an increasing proportion, but still a relatively small proportion, of our 
engineering resources focusing on the monetization. We are relatively comfortable that over time, once we decide to 
make that push, much as we did in search, only after a couple of years of focusing almost exclusively only on the 
search experience, we are comfortable that that's a very valuable service and will have some significant financial 
benefits. 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: Hi. This is Jonathan. Just building on what Sergey said. We measure user satisfaction 
very, very carefully. So that's one set of feedback which we get. We also did extend the signups to several additional 
countries. I think there were eight or nine countries that we extended to in December. And we also launched some new 
features towards the end of Q4. We added some simple things that people have been asking for in the satisfaction 
studies, the Vacation Auto Responder and RSS feeds and contact groups and viewing as HTML. So we've made a lot of 
enhancements, and I think we're going to continue to see there on the ad side and monetization side that over time we'll 
be able to use the ad network that we've already developed and apply the ads as they were developed for search in 
content and in mail and in other media forms. But over time, I think what you're going to see is we're going to have 
different inputs into the ads systems that are better and more appropriately tailored for a different product set and Gmail 
will certainly benefit from that as we crack the monetization code there. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Thanks, Jonathan. Next question. 

Operator 


Your next question comes from Troy Mastin at William Blair and Company. 

<Q - Troy Mastin>: Thank you. A question along the lines of the international business. You referred to it as 
under-penetrated. I'm curious if you're referring to market share or penetration of search over the Internet or 
monetization or perhaps all the above. And if it is monetization, can you give perspective on how effective you view 
your monetization in the non U.S. markets versus the U.S. markets? 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: This is Eric. Maybe Omid and I can answer that together. I said it because when I look at where 
those markets are compared to the U.S. I see them a couple of years behind the level of penetration and monetization in 
the U.S. In some cases it's simply because advertising online is new. In some cases it's because we were later, on a 
relative basis, of entering the market. And in some cases it's because e-commerce is still a new and fast-growing thing. 
If you look at the difference between the United States and Western Europe, for example, it took a couple of the years 
for the model in the U.S. to really take off in Western Europe, and our Western European revenue growth in the last 
year has been nothing short of amazing. And in fact, it looks like international growth, ignoring quarterly fluctuations, 
will continue to outpace U.S. growth for the foreseeable future. So we have made a decision to invest in many of the 
international markets to bring them up to the scale of the more mature markets of the United States and Western 
Europe. Omid. 

<A - Omid Kordestani>: Thank you, Eric. Yes, as Eric mentioned, this is a big focus for us, and it was highlighted by 
several operations that got established last quarter from Brazil to Mexico, Poland, Israel and other European regions, 
Turkey. And I think the good news for the sector is that what we're seeing is our ROI-based measurable form of 
advertising is really working everywhere with similar levels of interest. It's just the maturity level. And even in a 
market like Japan, for example, that is pretty well established, the level of targeting and direct work with the clients is 
not at a level of sophistication that we see here in the States or in Western Europe. So we're very busy taking the 
learnings and the best practices from the U.S. and extending it where it makes sense and establishing our operations so 
that we can be on the ground and localize the products properly, localize the operations and attract talent from both a 
technical standpoint and business operations. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: OK. Next question. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Lauren Fine at Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Lauren Fine>: Thank you. Just a couple of quick ones, please. I'm just wondering of you could you update us in 
any fashion on how the AOL relationship is going in terms of just putting your heads together and figuring out how 
you're going to leverage their content and your ad sales force. And then secondly, if you can give us any quantitative 
update on how you're doing in penetrating the Fortune 500. It seems like you've had some more visible success, and 
with the vertical channel selling, it would seem that that would have helped as well. So any quantitative or qualitative 
update there would be great. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: I think Omid and I will answer this as well. This is Eric, again. On the Time Warner-AOL deal 
we were very, very excited to announce a five-year plus extension to that. It's a very deep partnership involving quite a 
bit of video and other kind of display advertising as well as much more integration with the sales force. That deal is 
signed and we're busy planning all sorts of collaborations between the two companies. What I like about it is that it's an 
extension of what we're doing already. So there was no hiccup, no negative, no hurt in terms of timing. We were able to 
take advantage of it. So there's a new set of products flowing through. We're spending a lot more time with their sales 
force training them on the new technologies and we're beginning to plan for some of the new display and video 
collaborations that were contemplated in our deal. Omid. 

<A - Omid Kordestani>: Thanks, Eric. We really focused as an organization to monetize the business at the many 
levels. We're offering the Fortune 5000 companies new ways to reach their customers. We are site targeting. Really 
good examples of those you may have heard about were advertising in the entertainment industry, like Paramount. 


Very successful in using site targeting to drive awareness of their movies before a movie launch, drive sales of DVDs 
once it's released. Chrysler, Honda, Starcom MediaVest have been also some of the major users of site targeting. So 
what we're really doing is trying to again understand best how the Fortune companies are trying to work with us and 
share with them industry-specific, vertical-specific knowledge of performance and really use all the tools and all the 
products that we have available today and the new ones that we're bringing forth to just improve their experience in 
bringing measurability and reach of greater audience. And we're very pleased with our progress. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Next question. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Anthony Noto from Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Anthony Noto>: Thank you very much. I want to focus on three areas that I think you're generating very little 
revenue from, if not any at all, specifically Google Images, Google Local and Google China. I think the last time we 
touched base you were generating zero revenue in Google China. Is that still the case? Second part of the question, 
Google Images, I believe you're not generating any revenue from. It's a sizeable vertical with 25 million unique visitors 
according to Media Metrix. What's the methodology, and when do you think you will monetize that? And what are 
some of the considerations, the gating factors? And last, on Google Local. There seems to be a lot of innovation going 
on at Google Local, and pay-per-call may be a great way to monetize that. If you comment on that. Thanks 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: This is Jonathan. We've certainly done some experiments that you may have seen with 
Images, and it certainly is an area where we have significant traffic. What we typically see there is that people who go 
to Images are looking for just that. They're looking for an image. So one of the things that we're still trying to crack the 
code on there is what is the right context sensitive ads to offer. Certainly you can sell them images, but Google already 
supplies a reasonable number of images that are free. So although we have a lot of traffic there, it has not yet proven 
itself to be one of the more monetizable vehicles, although there are certain experiments we're going to continue on 
there. 

As far as the question related to China, I don't know the specific answer on that. Omid may well know the answer on 
that. 

<A - Omid Kordestani>: On China, we actually have both the online availability of -- the advertising available so 
customers can come through the online channel, and we're also very actively building our direct capabilities there. One 
of the things that's important, obviously, is having all the right infrastructure and licensing available for us to be able to 
operate locally, so we've been very focused on just establishing ourselves. We've had great success, actually, in signing 
up resellers, and the results from working with these resell partners have been excellent, actually, in terms of numbers 
of advertisers that have actually joined our online program. And we're looking forward to establish direct relationships 
with both agencies and clients directly as our capabilities are getting built up. 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: And I'm sorry, I don't think I answered your question on click-to-call. That's obviously an 
exciting area, and I think, as we mentioned on the call last time, we're testing the ability for users to speak directly to 
advertisers when they find them on a Google search results page. It's free. They do it over the phone. They don't have to 
dial an 800 number. We keep the number private. And what's obviously exciting there is that you're connecting 
somebody expeditiously and directly to a place where they're reasonably likely to consummate a transaction, whether it 
be a restaurant or an organization or a store. So the monetization opportunity, obviously, is very significant. 

<A - Larry Page>: And to add to that just on the Local front, which you mentioned, we believe that Local is a very 
great opportunity, and I think we are going to -- we have been experimenting. We'll continue to experiment. We don't 
want to rush to have the wrong advertising solution, but we believe it's such a fantastic opportunity that we're investing 
a lot of effort into it. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Let's take a couple of more questions. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from Robert Peck at Bear Stearns. 

<Q - Robert Peck>: I just have two quick questions. One is, could you comment a little bit more on dMarc? Besides 
the obvious radio opportunity there, are there other opportunities that provides, such as TV, video advertisement 
placement, Podcasting advertising, et cetera? What opportunities does that technology provide? And number two, how 
should investors think about Google as a software and a hardware company? When we think about potentially these 
transportable data centers, when we think about devices in their home, dub them Google Cubes or what have you, or 
even, I believe the Linux system of Goobuntu. How should we think about where Google is going next and the 
opportunities in front of it? 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Sergey, do you want to do this? 

<A - Sergey Brin>: I wanted to talk about dMarc. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Sure. Go ahead. 

<A - Sergey Brin>: I don't know about the second question. On dMarc, it is a very exciting opportunity. It took us a 
while to figure out that there was this possibility in the radio market based on its structure, based on its technology, 
based on the existence of a company such as dMarc. And we are, as you know, experimenting with print. You know, 
we don't know exactly how it will work. We are optimistic. I suspect that advertisers want greater access, better 
accountability, a more unified framework for their ROI, and so forth. I suspect there's a great demand for all those 
things and, as a consequence, we can generate greater revenue for the publishers. But this really requires a lot of testing 
and development and understanding of each specific market, so I can't forecast success in any of those but I have great 
optimism. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: I would add on the dMarc side that this space is a vast space, and so this acquisition lets us go in 
there with a very, very differentiated product, and tied to our advertising system should provide significant growth and 
scale globally. On your question about sort of hardware and software company aspects, you mentioned Goobuntu, 
which is a Linux variant, and we use Goobuntu internally but we have no plans to distribute it outside of the company. 
There's an awful lot of speculation about Google playing in those markets, a Google PC, those kinds of things. To me, 
most of those are people projecting the last war, not the next opportunity, on us. And from my perspective, those are 
not very interesting opportunities. They're well covered in the market. We partner with many of the players, and we 
would much prefer to deepen our partnership with them than go into competition with them. We're relentlessly focused 
on this new end user experience, which is multi-platform and based on the Internet, and that's where our future is. It's 
where the growth is. It's where the revenue and monetization is. And, as I mentioned earlier, it's so large that it makes 
no sense to divert our resources to these other and somewhat smaller opportunities. 

Let's take the final question. 

Operator 

Our final question comes from Trina Chadry from JMP Securities. 

Ms. Chadry, please go ahead. 

I'm hearing no response. Would you like to take another question? 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Yes, of course. 

Operator 

We'll take our final question, then, from Mary Meeker at Morgan Stanley. 


<Q - Mary Meeker>: Thank you. If we compare the third quarter sequential results with the fourth quarter results, I 
think you said on your last call your query growth was kind of flattish. And I don't want to put words in your mouth, so 
please correct me if need be. And the revenue growth was pretty powerful. So the monetization increase sequentially in 
the September quarter was very high. In this quarter, you, in your press release and on the call, you talked about 
seasonal strength in traffic and also in monetization. Could you give us a little more color on the differences in the 
degree of incremental monetization you had in the fourth quarter versus the degree of incremental positive 
monetization you had in the third quarter? Thanks. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: This is Eric. We saw both strong user traffic in the December quarter as well as continued 
improvements in the monetization. I wouldn't characterize them as being -- on the monetization side, as being 
materially different than the rate of improvement that we saw in Q3. We are continuing to invest heavily in 
improvements in quality. Those improvements in quality and many other enhancements that we offer in our product 
line result in continuous improvement every quarter in monetization on a constant barrage of traffic. In addition to that, 
traffic grew quite strongly, perhaps because of seasonality, perhaps because of gains in market share, perhaps because 
of all the new products or perhaps because of a combination of all three. But we know that both are working. And when 
both are working well, we see very, very strong revenue growth, which is, of course, wonderful. 

Dr. Eric Schmidt, Chairman of the Executive Committee and Chief Executive 
Officer 

What I'd like to do now, since we've run out of time, is go ahead and wrap up by saying that, you know, to all of you 
first, thank you for taking the time to be on the call. We're very, very pleased with our performance in the business on 
every level, the financial, the pace of innovation, the growth, the quality of the leadership in the company, and the 
positioning that we're in today. You know, this is a very exciting industry to be in. It's getting increasingly more 
interesting every day. We're very – we're still very much in the early stages, and I think, in my view, making 
tremendous progress of realizing the long-term vision that we've outlined over the last year or so with you to organize 
the world's information. And we're tirelessly committed to delivering this value to our users and to our shareholders. 
We are innovating at scale, and we're seeing strong user growth and strong revenue growth, and, again, you see that in 
our numbers. You see that in our comments. 

Life online through Google, you know, information plus search, plus advertising, making all of that seamless, is not 
just the holy grail for the company, but it also provides tremendous operating efficiencies, revenue growth and, we 
believe, ultimately, very, very strong cash flow and profit growth. As an example, very, very large advertisers now see 
the ability to take large sets of business needs that they have and spread them across a pretty wide variety of products 
offered in many different markets through Google. The multiplicative effect that you get by strong revenue growth, 
strong user growth and strong product line growth and many new advertisers is what is going to currently and, we 
believe, continue to deliver very, very strong growth here at the company. 

So thank you very much, again, to our users, our partners, all of our employees, our shareholders. I'm very, very sure 
2006 is going to be a very exciting year for Google. So with that, thank you very much. 

Operator 

Again, this does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 


special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


