Q2 2008 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Krista Bessinger, Investor Relations 
• Eric Schmidt, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
• George Reyes, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Hal Varian, Chief Economist 
• Sergey Brin, Co-Founder & President, Technology 
Other Participants 

• Imran Khan 
• Jonathan Rosenberg 
• Brian Pitz 
• James Mitchell 
• Justin Post 
• Omid Kordestani 
• Christa Sober Quarles 
• Douglas Anmuth 
• Benjamin Schachter 
• Mark Mahaney 
• Jeetil Patel 
• David Joseph 
• Jeffrey Lindsay 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day and welcome, everyone, to the Google, Inc. Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I 
would like to turn the call over to Ms. Krista Bessinger, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am. 

Krista Bessinger, Investor Relations 

Good afternoon everyone, and welcome to today's second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. 

We have a slightly different lineup today. With us are Eric Schmidt, Chief Executive Officer; George Reyes, Chief 
Financial Officer; Sergey Brin, Founder and President of Technology; Jonathan Rosenberg, Senior Vice President of 
Product Management; Omid Kordestani, Senior Vice President of Global Sales and Operations; and Hal Varian, our 
Chief Economist. Eric, George, Hal, and Sergey will provide us with their thoughts on the quarter, and then Jonathan 
and Omid will join us for Q&A. 

Please note that this call is being webcast from our Investor Relations website, and our press release issued a few 
minutes ago is also posted on the website, along with slides that accompany today's prepared remarks. A replay of this 
call will also be available on our Investors Relations website in a few hours. 


Now let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements we make today may be considered forward-looking, 
including statements regarding: investments in our core business, seasonality, traffic acquisition costs, increase in the 
cost of sales, international growth, statements regarding the benefits of our acquisition of DoubleClick, and our 
expected level of capital expenditures. These statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause 
actual results to differ materially. Please note that these forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the 
date of this presentation, and we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these 
forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our 
quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2008, as well as our earnings press release, for a more 
detailed description of the risk factors that may affect our results. Copies can be obtained from the SEC or by visiting 
the Investor Relations section of our website. 

Also please note that certain financial measures we use on this call, such as EPS, net income, operating margin, and 
operating income, are expressed on a non-GAAP basis and have been adjusted to exclude charges relating to 
stock-based compensation. We have also adjusted our net cash provided by operating activities to remove capital 
expenditures, which we refer to as "free cash flow." Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation can be 
found in our earnings press release. 

With that, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Eric. 

Eric Schmidt, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Well thank you very much, Krista. We're obviously very pleased with what we believe are good results in one of the 
weaker quarters in our normal yearly cycle. 

The traffic and revenue growth is strong across all regions and verticals. Traffic and revenue have held up well despite 
uncertain economic conditions, as everybody knows. International, of course, a big emphasis for Google, is once again 
contributing more than 50% of our revenue. Good growth in rapidly growing markets such as Brazil and China. 

We continue, of course, to make critical and fundamental investments in the infrastructure of the things that are most 
important and, in particular, search. We continue to scale our index, we continue to make sure that our information is 
the freshest possible, and we're reducing latency or delay that people experience. So as a result, we are continuing to 
deliver on our fundamental mission of the most relevant and fastest results, web and other kind of information. 

In ads, in addition to all of the normal ads improvements that we see, the partnership with Yahoo! was obviously the 
signature event. And David Drummond testified two days ago during -- both to the House and Senate -- I liked it so 
much I wanted to read it: 

The Internet is a dynamic and competitive environment, and that's due to the openness that's been a hallmark since its 
inception. Our non-exclusive commercial agreement – that's very important, by the way, non-exclusive -- with Yahoo! 
will maintain and expand that competition, create some new efficiencies that will benefit consumers, advertisers, and 
publishers, while protecting privacy and spurring innovation. Google and Yahoo! will remain fierce competitors. This 
continuing competition will help fuel innovation that's good for the Internet users, good for the Internet, good for the 
economy. Openness, interoperability, and competition are central to our culture at Google, central to the vibrancy of the 
Internet, and central to the growth of the free market. We believe that the non-exclusive ad deal -- remember, it's not a 
search deal -- that was done with Yahoo! is a win for the industry primarily because it allows Yahoo! to remain 
independent, which we believe is very pro-competitive. 

DoubleClick, of course, is the other big piece of news. Integration is now underway, going very smoothly, but display 
is a big opportunity. It's a big opportunity, by the way, because the strategy of offering values to advertisers and 
publishers is one that we can offer very much worldwide. 

Putting our team together, of course, we've really now delivered on this global organization that everybody here knows 
about, and it's beginning to bear fruit. Bangalore for example, has developed some great new ads tools that were 
delivered last quarter. Zurich created our new Insight feature on YouTube which lets anyone who uploads a video see 


traffic information. Haifa developed another great new YouTube feature called Imitations. My point here is not to 
highlight the hundreds and hundreds of ones that happen all the time, every quarter, but to say it really is a global 
company. So we now have more than 30 products, we support more than 30 languages, up from five products and 30 
languages just a year ago. So people want to use Google in their own language, and we're delivering on that. 

Just to finish up in my hopefully short comments, we're very, very happy to have Patrick Pichette on board as our new 
CFO with 20 years of experience in financial operations and management in the telco industry. I've talked to him. He's 
coming up to speed. He's going to be a tremendous contributor at the Google level for many years to come. We're very, 
very excited about that. 

And I want to make sure that we thank, once again, George Reyes, my friend and colleague for more than 20 years. 
George stayed on board even more than a year after he announced his intent to retire. This shows you the kind of 
person that he is, to try to help Google and help all of us meet our objective. He's made a tremendous contribution to 
Google, which we've highlighted before. We're going to miss him, and we're very much looking forward to working 
with Patrick. 

In our order today we're going to have George, who I've just highlighted, who I can boast about him some more, but 
it'll make him too embarrassed, and then we'll have him followed by Hal Varian. Larry is out this week. Hal is our 
Chief Economist, and there have been so many questions about Yahoo!/Google economics, and so forth. Hal is the 
perfect person to talk about how does the auction really work, and what does the global environment mean for Google. 

George, you want to take it away? 

George Reyes, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

We had another strong quarter, with gross revenue increasing 39% over Q2 of 2007, to 5.4 billion. Google.com 
performed well, up 42% year over year, to 3.5 billion, driven by strong traffic growth and, to a lesser extent, 
monetization. AdSense revenue grew 22% over Q2 of 2007, but was down slightly on a sequential basis, reflecting a 
continued focus on delivering high-quality traffic to our advertisers, and typical Q2 seasonality. 

Now let's take a look at aggregate paid clicks. Aggregate paid clicks include clicks related to ads served on Google 
properties as well as ads served on our partner sites. Aggregate paid clicks grew approximately 19% over Q2 of 2007, 
and were down slightly on a sequential basis, again reflecting a continued focus on delivering high-quality traffic to our 
advertisers, and typical Q2 seasonality. 

Now I'll discuss our international performance. International revenue accounted for 52% of revenue, or 2.8 billion. The 
UK was solid, with revenues of 774 million, up 29% year-over-year but down 4% sequentially, reflecting typical Q2 
seasonality and negligible FX impact. 

Revenue growth in EMEA was strong, primarily driven by strong performance in Benelux, Ireland, and parts of 
western continental Europe, including Germany, France, Spain, and Italy, fueled by relatively strong performance in 
automotive and consumer packaged goods. Asia and Latin America continue to show impressive growth as well, with 
Japan, Argentina, Australia, Brazil, and China being notably strong in Q2. 

Now turning to expenses, traffic acquisition costs were 1.5 billion, or 28.4% of total advertising revenue, down from 
29.2% in Q1. AdSense TAC was 1.3 billion, while TAC related to distribution partners and others who direct traffic to 
our websites totaled 154 million in the quarter. As we grow our AdSense partner network and embark on new 
initiatives, we may see additional pressure on TAC rates going forward. 

Other costs of revenue, which include 9 million in stock-based compensation, increased 49 million over Q1, to 674 
million. The largest driver of the increase was the increase in costs related to our data centers, including depreciation, 
equipment, and operations. We continue to anticipate that other costs of sales could increase going forward. 

Other than cost of revenue, operating expenses totaled 1.64 billion, including approximately 264 million in stock-based 
compensation. Expenses related to payroll and facilities increased 1 million over Q1, to 810 million. 


At the end of the quarter, we had a full-time employee base of 19,604. We added 448 net new employees in Q2, with 
roughly half the new non-DoubleClick hires coming on board in engineering, followed by sales and marketing. We 
have implemented and continue to follow a disciplined hiring process in all areas of our organization, but as we've 
indicated in the past, we will continue to invest in our core business, both in the US and internationally. Remember also 
that we usually see an uptick in starts over the summer, coinciding with the end of academic year. 

Turning to non-GAAP operating profit, which excludes stock-based compensation, increased to 1.9 billion in Q2, with 
non-GAAP operating margins of 34.5%. Note that interest income and other in Q2 was 58 million, down 109 million 
from Q1. To be clear, this was not a write-down, nor was this due to any losses. Instead, it was primarily due to lower 
yields on our cash balance, lower average cash balances as a result of cash used in the first quarter to acquire 
DoubleClick, lower net realized gains on the sale of the first -- net realized gains on the sale of our marketable 
securities, and an increase in expenses as a result of more activity under our foreign exchange hedging programs. 

And finally, turning to cash, operating cash flow remained strong at 1.77 billion, with CapEx for the quarter of 698 
million. As in previous quarters, the majority of our CapEx was related to IT infrastructure investments including data 
center construction, production of servers, and networking equipment. We expect to continue to make significant 
investments in CapEx in future quarters. 

Free cash flow, a non-GAAP measure which we define as cash flow from operations less CapEx, remained strong at 

1.7 billion, up 63% year over year. 
In summary, we believe our core business continues to demonstrate strength while we make key investments to pursue 
long-term growth opportunities. 

At this point I want to take a moment to thank Eric, Larry, Sergey, and the rest of the management team for having had 
the privilege of working with all of them, and this is an opportunity that I will never forget. 

So let me turn it over to Hal. 

Hal Varian, Chief Economist 

Thanks, George. 

Eric asked me to comment on the state of the economic environment and how that's impacting Google. 

When we look across sectors of the United States, we see that on a year-on-year basis, the query growth has been 
positive in every sector we track, even including those sectors that are generally economically sensitive, such as 
automotive, real estate, and travel. We also see that year-on-year revenue growth is positive in every major sector 
except for real estate, and even that one is only down by a small amount. 

When we look at the subsectors, we see some interesting patterns. The weaker components are just the ones you would 
expect to see based on the macroeconomic climate: auto financing, home financing, and real estate agencies. These are 
the sorts of queries you'd expect to see when auto or real estate transactions have already taken place, and as we all 
know, fewer transactions are taking place in those sectors. 

It's interesting to note that year-over-year automotive ad spend is up, even though the growth in auto financing is down. 
I interpret this as saying that auto advertisers are willing to spend on clicks, but the weakness is on the consumer side. 
However I should emphasize, this behavior is not universal. Spending seems to be holding up pretty well in other 
consumer durable categories such as home appliances and home furnishing. 

We turn to Europe, we see a similar pattern. In the UK, we had across-the-board year-to-year growth in both revenue 
and queries, with the sole exception being real estate. Continental Europe grew in both queries and revenue in every 
major vertical. 


So to summarize, when we look across verticals, we see that consumers are being cautious in their online spending 
patterns, just as they are in their off-line spending. Despite the weakness in the economy, advertising revenue seems to 
be holding up remarkably well in most sectors. I think this illustrates the point that we've made several times: During 
periods of slow economic growth, the last thing an advertiser wants to cut is its spending on search-based advertising. 

So with that, let me pass the mic to Sergey, who's going to talk about what we've been doing in products. 

Sergey Brin, Co-Founder & President, Technology 

Hello, everyone. It's really exciting for me to update you. Over the past quarter, we've had a lot of substantial 
improvements, new launches, and let me just start with search. 

We've substantially increased the size of our index, and in particular actually, the index of documents that we refresh 
every few minutes has also grown tremendously. So now, our users get much fresher and faster results, and across a 
greater range of sources. 

We've, just all told, to give you a sense for this, launched over 100 search quality improvements this quarter, so roughly 
one a day, and some of the highlights: Again, we have increased coverage in universal search, which means you get 
your web pages mixed in with video and images, news, books, all of those things we're able to show more and more. 
And that improves our search results and it pays us a double dividend for all the work we've been doing on [inaudible] 
such as Book Search. 

We also just added blog results at the bottom of the page in the past quarter, and our blending of maps results we've put 
into 130 more countries than we had in the past. We've also been running more OneBoxes. For example, those of you 
in Europe might have enjoyed our Euro 2008 OneBox in June, during the soccer tournament. 

Let me just take a step away from just the basic search. Many of you I know use iGoogle, and in fact we know that 
because we've had such tremendous growth, and especially internationally. More than 60% of iGoogle users are now 
outside of the US. We had some very important developments, in particular with themes this quarter. You might have 
seen our iGoogle artist campaign, where 68 artists across 22 countries created new themes for the products, and this 
encouraged hundreds of thousands of people to sign up for iGoogle, and of course, existing users, many of them 
changed their themes to these artist themes. I have personally set my iGoogle page now to go do a rotation across the 
top theme, so – and that's really fun. Every day I get a new [inaudible] and they're aesthetically pretty exciting and 
varied. 

I want to talk to -- If you're listening to me right now, you're probably speak English pretty well, though of course if 
you're reading a transcript that's been translated using Google Translate, then you might not. It's very important to be 
able to have access to information in languages that you don't speak, especially if you're a non-English speaker. The 
amount of information that's out there that can be useful to you that's not necessarily in your native language is huge. 
To this end, we've been of course working on Google Translate. It now covers over 20 languages. We've added 10 just 
in this past quarter alone, and now we let you translate from any one of those languages to any other of those 
languages. We've been able to improve the performance, and have tremendous growth in usage as well. 

We've also been working on our cross-language search, so we don't necessarily just search literally in the language that 
you search. We're able to produce translated results in other languages now more automatically, and you can expect us 
to continue to expand that work. 

In ads, I should highlight a notable development. Our AdSense network now allows third parties to host and serve ads, 
and this has been important. It's important to many advertisers. Just as one example, Lenovo is now advertising with us 
because we can support this kind of third-party ad serving. 

We also, now that advertisers find out more about where they should be advertising, because we've launched the 
Google Ad Planner, and that lets you see what kind of sites the particular audience that's interested in whatever the 
advertiser's advertising, which sites do they visit, what are the breakdowns of demographics. It lets you do very 


complicated statistical analyses, and I encourage you all to try it out. Even if you're not an advertiser, it's pretty fun to 
be able to play with that data. 

Let me just jump a little bit onto YouTube. And probably most of you have had a chance to try to watch some YouTube 
videos, and in fact our data suggests that more and more of you are. We now have 13 hours of video uploaded every 
single minute. So as you can imagine, it would take quite a many lifetimes to watch all the YouTube videos. And I – It 
also gives you the opportunity of course to watch video in very specific topics that may be of interest to you. 

We've also, on YouTube, been experimenting with a variety of advertising formats, and we've had some great 
successes. Lionsgate marked the opening of the film The Forbidden Kingdom, for example, and it had over four million 
video views on YouTube just from that promotion. So that was very exciting for us and for Lionsgate. 

I should mention that Mobile Search has been growing quite a bit, and of course you may have heard about our 
partnership that we've launched this past quarter with NTT DoCoMo in Japan. Japan is a very strong market for Mobile 
Search, and it's because of the devices, because of the culture, it's just a really tremendous, tremendous environment. 
People do many, many mobile searches. We have a robust advertising market there for mobile search, and we are 
certainly optimistic that many of these advances which may initiate in Japan will carry over in the rest of the world as 
the devices and culture catch up. I want to also mention that our Mobile Search experience, which we've now rolled out 
to more countries and we've made substantially faster, is also causing a lot of growth in that segment for. 

One of the things that I'm most excited to tell you about today is our progress with Apps. And I should mention first of 
all that our enterprise business with respect to Apps has been growing very rapidly. There are now more than half a 
million businesses that are using Google Apps for their day to day productivity, and that's just a tremendous number. 

But just to give you color of what some of these businesses include, in this past quarter, Valeo, one of the world's 
leading automotive supplier, now has 32,000 users using Google Apps including of course Gmail, Calendar, Docs, 
Sites, and so forth. The Government of Washington, D.C. has 38,000 users on Google Apps. General Electric has 
adopted the security side of the Apps products, which was formerly Postini, and that's running on over 300,000 users. 
And just to call out a few other highlights, the Telegraph Media Group and Sanmina both also adopted Google Apps. 
So it's been a very exciting quarter for that. And starting from these half-million businesses including some of these 
incredibly successful businesses, we really expect this to be an important area for growth and development. 

I also just want to tell you, we don't view Google Apps and whatnot as -- we don't want to create a closed environment 
or a walled garden. We really want to encourage more and more cloud computing, and we want to see more and more 
companies out there successful in deploying cloud solutions. 

One of the things that we launched in this past quarter to help out with that is the Google App Engine, which basically 
means that developers can easily write an application and deploy it on our scaled infrastructure rather than having to try 
to put together all their own computers, data centers, networking, all that stuff. We handle all that for the developers, 
and we had a rapidly growing base. Just a few fun examples: We had a nine year old boy who contacted us with a 
bunch of questions, and then he has been able to develop his app on the Google App Engine, and he said that he's been 
able to do it now because previously he was spending all of his allowance on hosting, and he could no longer afford 
that. 

Other more commercial ventures include PixVerse, a chat application that switched to Google Apps Engine after we 
launched it, and it was subsequently purchased by the social network hi5; as well as, for those of you who are into 
poking, BuddyPoke, a very popular open social app which is running on orkut and MySpace, has also been developed 
on the Google App Engine. 

We expect that we're going to have a lot of uptake of our various developer products and APIs, including the Google 
App Engine, and ultimately, we think that the cloud is just a really great place to deploy apps because of the simplicity 
for [inaudible] the ease of updating and maintaining them. It's really a great environment. We obviously live it every 
day, and we believe it really helps people be more effective and productive in their day-to-day lives. 

Anyway, all told, a great quarter, lots and lots of progress, and it's been a pleasure to talk to you about it. 


Eric Schmidt, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Well, thank you very much, Sergey. Why don't we go straight to everybody's question? So are we ready? Let's see the 
first question. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Imran Khan from JPMorgan. 

<Q - Imran Khan>: Yes, hi. Thank you for taking my questions. Two questions. First, I know if I look at that UK 
growth rate, it seems like on an year-over-year basis, growth rate decelerated 10 points. I was trying to better 
understand, is it because of law of large number, are you seeing any specific weakness that's dragging the growth down 
there? 

And second question is related to the Mobile Search. I know Sergey, you talked about the Mobile Search opportunity. 
Do you think that the Mobile Search will expand the search volume, and as well as, what kind of impact also do you 
expect from – on your revenue per queries with that? And also, if you've seen any impact from Apple iPhone yet? 
Thank you. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Jonathan, you want to go ahead and answer the UK question? 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: Yeah. Sure. Thanks, Imran. I think basically we're just seeing the typical Q2 seasonality. 
If you look back at Q1, that of course was very big. I think we talked in the call in Q1 about some of the verticals like 
travel. I think the other point would be that we have very, very high marketshare in the UK. And so as we -- as our 
marketshare grows, I think in past quarters when you looked at seasonality, the gains in marketshare may have been 
masking some of the seasonality, and now what we're seeing is just the typical appropriate Q2 seasonality. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Well, there's also currency effect, so 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: [inaudible] 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Sergey? 

<A - Sergey Brin>: Yeah. On Mobile, I certainly expect to see an uptick in search volume due to Mobile because 
you're obviously not always at your desktop, but you pretty much always want to know something. 

And with respect to the revenue – revenues per query, I think that will vary from market to market, and I think it will 
also vary as we develop more specialized monetization programs for mobile phones. You know, in some respects, you 
can't fit as much advertising, obviously, on a really small screen. On the other hand, the queries are very localized. I 
mean, you might be standing right next to that pizza place that wants to entice you to become a customer or something 
like that. So I think there's an opportunity for much more fine-grained targeting. And both of those things are going to 
balance out. 

With respect to the iPhone, I don't have data off the top of my head with respect to the latest iPhone 3G launch. But 
certainly, the iPhone, much as I mentioned also the maturity of the Japan market, these better devices, devices with 
great browsers like the iPhone that make it easy for people to search and then view the results, they definitely have 
much higher usage per device than other kinds of devices. And just the kind of -- on a rough order of magnitude, 
imagine that by 30 times as many searches per user might be done by an iPhone user as compared to a conventional cell 
phone. So I think as you see more iPhones out there, as you see more other phones that are also start to have capable 
browsers and input methods, I think you're going to see a tremendous growth there. 

<Q - Imran Khan>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Sergey Brin>: Why don't we go to our next question. 


Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Brian Pitz from Banc of America Securities. 

<Q - Brian Pitz>: Thank you. We have a couple questions around ad coverage. Clearly you've intentionally reduced 
coverage on google.com over the last couple of quarters to improve ad quality. Would you give us a sense for how far 
you are in this process? 

And on a related note, you expanded automatch to more advertisers this quarter. Do you see this as a significant driver 
of coverage going forward? And any other comments on coverage would be great. Thanks. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Jonathan? 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: Sure. So basically, coverage. Coverage I think from a quarter-to-quarter basis has been 
going down. It's pretty much at an all-time low relative to the last few quarters. That's basically our continued focus on 
quality. I don't really see that changing significantly. I think, in the limit, Larry often says that we'd be best off if we 
just showed one ad, the perfect ad. So I really don't think that coverage is going to change much. 

The second question was? 

<Q - Brian Pitz>: Just pertaining to automatch, traction there. Do you see this potentially as a driver of coverage? 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: Yes, sure. We only just started expanding automatch. It was in beta, so we only expanded 
it I think to a slightly bigger group of advertisers this quarter. Certainly, automatch can help increase coverage because 
it helps find more keywords that a query will trigger on. But we're going to apply the same quality efforts to the output 
of automatch. So overall, I think that the net result in terms of total coverage would not be significantly greater. I do 
think the impact on revenue would be positive. 

<Q - Brian Pitz>: And just roughly, any sense on what percentage of advertisers aren't really optimizing their budgets, 
that automatch could help with? 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: Wow, the


<A - Eric Schmidt>: I think it's really too


<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: A large number. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: It's really too early to give you -- The answer is, it should apply to everybody. Sergey, do you 
want to add a little bit about coverage? 

<A - Sergey Brin>: Yes. I just want to talk a little bit about that. There is some evidence that I think we've been 
probably a little bit more aggressive in decreasing coverage than we ought to have been. Historically, we've had this 
kind of 50-50 rough notion that when we have an improvement in advertising targeting, we try to split the benefit, if 
you will. We try to reduce our coverage, at the same time as improving the monetization. 

But clearly, that's not the ideal strategy indefinitely, because we don't want to end up with no ads. And in fact, from a 
quality point of view, we now find our ads are a significant addition quality-wise to our page. They are just a very 
important source of information. And so we've been actually re-examining some of that, and there was some evidence 
internally that perhaps we were a little overly aggressive in decreasing coverage in this past quarter. 

<Q - Brian Pitz>: Great, thanks. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Our next question. Thank you. 

Operator 


And we'll go next to James Mitchell from Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - James Mitchell>: Great, thank you very much for taking the question. Hal, I think you mentioned that queries 
were up year on year in every major sector, but erratic within subsectors, for example, in auto finance as opposed to 
autos. If queries are down in a particular subsector, do advertisers generally respond by bidding up the keywords that 
are available, so they can fully spend their budgets? Or is that not the case, that budgets to go unspent? 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: You're muted. 

<A - Hal Varian>: Oh sorry. I was muted. Sometimes we see that happening, where advertisers are competing more 
and more aggressively for a smaller set of consumers. So we typically do see a price response to this slackening in the 
sector. And we've seen that even in automotive, for example, in the spring, when there were a lot of deals offered to get 
cars off the lot and the automakers were advertising quite aggressively in all media to try to convince consumers to 
buy. So this is an effect that we sometimes encounter. 

<Q - James Mitchell>: Thank you. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Our next question. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Justin Post from Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Justin Post>: Thank you. Two things. Eric, on the press release, you chose to highlight that you are seeing some 
economic weakness, and I don't think the company was talking much about that last quarter. Are you seeing things 
deteriorate a little bit further than where we were a quarter ago? And can you give some color on that? 

And then, on the YouTube acquisition, just wondering where you're at, with some press comments out recently, where 
you're at on that versus your deal model at this point? 

<Q - Eric Schmidt>: I'm going to have Hal actually talk a little bit about this sort of the nature of the environment, 
because I think all of us have anecdotal evidence, but in fact, Google has continued to do well. There is obviously 
evidence of a slowdown in the US and Europe. You read it in the paper every day. We continue to believe that we are 
very – very, very well-positioned in such a slowdown, and especially if it gets worse. And the reason is that people -there's 
a flight to quality, and that, in particular, a flight to measurability. So our economics are more driven by, for 
example, if people stop searching for something, we might not be able to do ads against it. Maybe Hal can articulate 
that a little bit better than I can. 

On the YouTube side, we're enormously happy with YouTube. YouTube is a cultural and end-user success that is far, 
far greater than we ever expected. On the revenue side, we are working on revenue scenarios and new revenue 
products, and I personally do not believe that the perfect ad product for YouTube has been invented yet. We've just 
brought out something called in-video ads which looks very good. 

Hal, maybe you want to talk about economics, and maybe Omid can talk a little bit about YouTube sales. 

<A - Hal Varian>: Sure. On the consumer side, I already mentioned that some durables like consumer appliances and 
furnishings are holding up pretty well. And in fact, if you look at apparel and shopping, people are still spending money 
online in a pretty strong way. I think part of what's happening is that, as times get a little uncertain, price-sensitive 
consumers are going to shop more carefully and try to make every dollar count, and that means they're going to be 
doing research online and they're going to be doing shopping online. So I think we have a little bit of the Wal-Mart 
effect going on that, as times get tough, people are going to watch their dollars, and in many cases that means doing 
more shopping online. 

<A - Omid Kordestani>: And Justin, it's Omid. I wanted to add to Eric's comments about YouTube. I think we are 
spending a lot of time internally on understanding how to streamline and integrate DoubleClick, improve the sales 


process, as well as just pure customer activity. We're having great success. Again, as usual, I like to highlight some of 
the -- our advertising names, from Lenovo, Foot Locker, Lionsgate, Oreo, Kraft Foods, IKEA, Lipton Tea. I mean these 
are the kinds of advertisers that we really did not access -- have access, or the proper types of advertising opportunities 
for before, as much as we do now. 

And the Foot Locker example is a particularly good one, as the media they use on Google was extremely broad, from 
YouTube search, the content network, and within the content network also access to MySpace, gadget ads, print ads, 
and audio ads. So you can just see the way that our sales force and our product teams are working with our – a broader 
set of advertisers, broader set of offerings, and a very much a integrated platform approach. And it is -- search has taken 
a long time for us to develop, and it still takes a lot of time for us and lot of hard work, and we're putting a lot of energy 
on getting the right approach on YouTube and display advertising. 

<Q - Justin Post>: Thank you. 

<Q - Eric Schmidt>: Why don't we go to the next question. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Christa Quarles from Thomas Weisel Partners. 

<Q - Christa Sober Quarles>: Hi. Just a couple of questions on DoubleClick. First, I was wondering if you could 
outline within licensing how much it contributed in the quarter? Second, if you could indicate if you're seeing any 
macroeconomic impact there? Obviously, you've made some comments about search specifically, but I was wondering 
if you could highlight it for DoubleClick? And then third, just some maybe some comments about how you're changing 
the buying process around display, and I guess where you see the innovations coming in display over the next year or 
two? 

<Q - Eric Schmidt>: We are not going to break out DoubleClick, and our comments are not -- Basically, it's early, and 
so far, we're very pleased with it. Looks like it was a very, very sharp decision on our part to go ahead and get the 
integration. The team looks very strong. 

The strategy, once the acquisition was approved and so forth and so on, was to develop a broad product line that went 
from the large customer, large advertiser, which was the traditional DoubleClick customer, all the way down to the 
very small advertiser through AdWords, and essentially integrate all that offering. This is public information, we've 
said this for the previous year during the regulatory strategy, and indeed, that's happening now. So the theory here is 
that an advertiser will be able to advertise across all of the different size publishers with one mechanism. And that's the 
goal. We think we can achieve that, and it'll be fairly soon. Some number of months, not years. 

<Q - Christa Sober Quarles>: And the macro? 

<Q - Eric Schmidt>: No particular change in the macro environment. DoubleClick is doing well. Omid, do you want 
to emphasize any of this? 

<A - Omid Kordestani>: I think – I agree with Eric. I think we have anecdotal experiences. Customers – some 
customers that act erratically, I think really affected maybe by the macro environments and stop the spending, but then 
we see that pick up again the following month. So it's very hard to judge this. I don't think we have any trends that we 
can comment on. 

<Q - Jonathan Rosenberg>: Well, I guess the one thing I'd – Some of the innovation has already started. We have an 
internal roadmap in terms of the innovations for the next couple years which I obviously can't go through here. But just 
this quarter, we launched the Ad Planner which basically lets advertisers designate target audiences and see exactly 
which sites they want to attract with -- for an audience. We've got the Google Ad Manager in test, which is basically a 
free tool that helps publishers sell, schedule, deliver and measure their inventory. Sergey I think mentioned in his script 
the third-party serving, and we've also got some new features to let advertisers select target sites and keywords. So all 
of that I think is really addressing the big problem in display, which is the highly fragmented market, and that's the 


focus of most of the innovations that you'll see coming out in the next year or so. 

<Q - Christa Sober Quarles>: Great. Thanks. 

<Q - Eric Schmidt>: Let's go to our next question. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Doug Anmuth from Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - Douglas Anmuth>: Great. Thanks for taking my question. A question for George. We're not letting you off the 
hook quite yet. On the interest income, you detailed I think four pieces actually that contributed to the decrease in the 
interest income quarter to quarter. Can you provide a little bit more color there, and in particular, how should we sort of 
think about that going forward? Is this a one quarter effect, or is it something that we're likely to see continue over the 
next couple quarters? Thank you. 

<A - George Reyes>: Sure. So – Excuse me. So I think what we're trying to portray here is that, in fact, we have a very 
healthy business and we have been investing in -- we've been investing in the business, and the lower yields on our 
cash balances is what's really brought down what you've seen thus far, all the way through the average cash balances as 
a result that cash is used first, and then DoubleClick is also a consumer of that as well. 

<Q - Douglas Anmuth>: And in terms of the marketable securities and the FX hedging, is it – I mean, are you 
implying that those two are less significant factors for the impact this quarter? 

<A - George Reyes>: No. We're actually in the process of building our internal portfolios here. So it's hard for me to 
say more than that. 

<Q - Eric Schmidt>: Let's go to our next question. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Ben Schachter from UBS. 

<Q - Benjamin Schachter>: Hey guys. You – The head count growth was really among its lowest levels in a long 
time. Is that 500 new net revenue – or net employees a number you're comfortable with on a quarterly basis? And 
where are you still looking to add, and what areas are you comfortable with head count? 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Well first place, we won't suggest a number going forward. We – The company is now a 
reasonably large company by comparison to its peers, and we don't need sort of massive new people in large 
communities that were not there before. We've largely built out a good management structure globally. So it's really 
dependent upon the kind of quality of people we can hire. You will remember, a few quarters ago we actually allowed 
the hiring engine to get ahead of things, and we said that we would focus on that a little bit more carefully, and we've 
indeed done so. 

So I think what you'll see going forward is prudent management of head count growth. The company is going to 
continue to grow. This number may or may not be a specific number going forward, but the important point is, we're 
paying a lot of attention to head count. We want to make sure that we maintain the quality, and of course also, as a 
larger company, we need to make sure that we can use the resource effectively. We never want to misuse somebody's 
talents as an employee. 

<Q - Benjamin Schachter>: If I could just follow up on a question on mobile, Sergey, you had discussed sort of the 
evolution of the marketplace. I was wondering, at [inaudible] should we expect to see a completely separate 
marketplace for mobile ads that comes with its own auction, [inaudible] Or will it continue to be an extension of the 
current model? 


<A - Sergey Brin>: Yes, so currently, we do allow advertisers to place separate ads for mobile. In fact, I see them 
converging more in the future, because once you start to get these phones that have fully capable browsers and things 
like that, then there's not that much reason for disparity. Now at the same time, as I mentioned, phones in some sense 
will have new capabilities that the desktop doesn't, such as location, things like that. So we may add some capability 
beyond the basic desktop advertising capability that we have. But I think it will be a more fluid experience for 
advertisers in terms of, you can select, please run on mobile too, or don't, rather than trying to have completely separate 
worlds. 

<Q - Benjamin Schachter>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: Ben, this is Jonathan, just adding to Sergey's comments. I agree with him. I'd just like to 
give you an example of one of the dynamics that will be different on the mobile phones. 

We've been talking for awhile about the fact that when you're on a mobile phone, you're much more likely to be 
interested in consummating a transaction if you run a search. One of the winners of the 1700 applications submitted for 
the Android Developer Challenge was a product that was developed called Android Scan. And basically, what it allows 
a user to do, is take a picture of a product with a barcode. And then they can research the product on their mobile 
browser. They can do price comparisons, they can figure out how far a store that can actually sell that browser 
[inaudible] might be, or they could actually figure out who to buy it from online. Imagine the value of an ad in that kind 
of a scenario. So the bidding mechanisms for some of the local ads will differ in terms of the efforts that we have to 
scale to get them onto mobile. But in many ways, they could be much, much more valuable. 

<Q - Benjamin Schachter>: Great. Thanks Jonathan 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Let's go to our next question. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Mark Mahaney from Citi [Citigroup]. 

<Q - Mark Mahaney>: Thank you very much. Two quick questions, please. On the G&A line, it seemed a little bit 
ahead of expectations. Was there any one-time integration-related cost in that G&A line? 

And then back to YouTube, Eric had made a comment about not having yet found maybe the ideal ad solution. Could 
you just talk about what the technical challenge is there? Or is it a finding the right format, or is it figuring out a way to 
best target ads against, or trying to figure out what the real content of a video is? Thank you very much. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: On the YouTube side, we – We basically are innovators in advertising, and we've tried post-roll, 
pre-roll, in-the-chrome kind of ads. We're having a great deal of success now with these in-video ads, where the ads are 
essentially in the bottom and sort of embedded inside of the video. That looks like a pretty good winner right there. 

We've also had some significant success with gadget ads, and gadget video ads are likely to be particularly effective 
because they allow you to tell a story. If you look, the advertisers that we're working with and the content that we're 
working with are also using the format differently. There, as a typical example, is the Lionsgate deal which was 
announced yesterday, Lionsgate works with people who upload the segments of the Lionsgate movies that they like, 
and they capture them using our [inaudible] content product, and then they can run ads against them. So again, here's a 
community that's busy making copies that are not authorized of content, and Lionsgate has the good judgment to say, 
rather than go and sue those customers, instead, let's go capture that, show an ad against them and get them even more 
excited about our content and our other content. 

So we think those kinds of models are sustainable and scalable on the Internet and are likely to be very, very significant 
sources of revenue. I think it's axiomatic that a new form, and I view YouTube as a new form of video entertainment, 
will not ultimately use the old forms to monetize. There will be new monetization forms that will go for the new 
entertainment form, and that's what we're seeking. That is the Holy Grail. When we find it or the combination of it, it's 
likely to be very, very large because of the scale and scope of YouTube. 


On the G&A line, I want to make sure we answer that question. 

<A - George Reyes>: Yeah, Mark, this is George Reyes. So the main increase was due to legal and professional and 
outsourcing services, as well as fees. So that's your answer. So as you know, we also don't give guidance, so. 

<Q - Mark Mahaney>: One-time-ish, or generally sustainable? 

<A - George Reyes>: Generally sustainable? No. I mean -- no. I mean


<A - Eric Schmidt>: Unfortunately, the legal stuff is bursty, because we have suits, we – It's welcome to the 
information economy. Next question? 

<Q - Mark Mahaney>: Understand. Thank you, Eric. Thank you, George. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Jeetil Patel from Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Jeetil Patel>: Great. Two questions. First of all, you talked earlier about basically your ad coverage may have 
come down a little too much, and I guess Larry's idea is to be a little bit more targeting oriented, so serving the right ad. 
I guess, can you talk about, in terms of that evolution or kind of phase of the business, how far along are you in trying 
to better optimize the ads against the intent of the consumer across the entire network and platform today? 

And then second, on the AdSense for content side of the business, how difficult or easy would it be to convert it into a 
display ad network? I guess, is this something that you would look to do? And how's that – I guess how does that 
display ad around AdSense for content, do those two things marry up nicely or not? Thanks. 

<A - Sergey Brin>: Yeah. Great questions. Let me take them in reverse order. With respect to display in AdSense for 
content, we actually allow for display in AdSense for content today. That's something, it's a publishers setting that 
publishers need to choose. And in those cases where they are chosen, then we will run display ads to the extent that 
their yield is higher than the text ads that we can run in that space. So that's something that we are doing today and we 
are looking to grow and we are certainly excited about. 

In general, let me just take a step back. Looking at the evolution of our overall search text ad system from its initial 
starts, when we could barely feed the ad team pizza with the money that we were able to generate off the first iteration 
of our ads, to several iterations down the road over a number of years and through the maturation and the attraction of 
the advertiser base and them being able to set up really good campaigns for them, sort of it's a multi-year process to get 
to where we are now. And we obviously are continuing to improve, to attract new advertisers, to improve the targeting 
and so forth. So now that we have the advertiser base, we don't necessarily need to wait quite as long to attract the 
advertiser base to begin with. But for advertisers to create new types of ads for new mediums and whatnot, these things 
do take time. For us to go through all the experimentation of what formats and systems might work best also takes time. 
And just me looking back at, going from '98, '99, 2000, where we were then with search ads, I feel some of these areas, 
YouTube ads, content ads, display and whatnot, are actually progressing at a faster pace. 

<Q - Jeetil Patel>: You made a point earlier – just last question, but -- that you may have gone too far on the ad 
coverage side, and the advertisements add relevance. Are you seeing basically that it's affecting the frequency of usage 
or search frequency, because you may have dialed down the ad coverage a little too much? Is that where the impact 
you're seeing? And if you dial it back up a bit, you may see greater usage from a consumer standpoint across – in terms 
of frequency of searching across the entire network? 

<A - Sergey Brin>: Yeah, great question. I think that, first of all, we certainly run plenty of experiments. We're all the 
time running experiments. We run some people without any ads at all. And we know that our ads add value, so we 
know that we're happy about having them. 


Now, I don't know it's the case that we're necessarily sort of decreased them past below the obstacle point. But I know 
that we will do that in the near future if we continue kind of with the system that we've had in place, and that's what 
we've really had to have second thoughts about. What it makes more sense to me is to asymptote toward the optimal 
coverage, if you will. And that's what we're trying to figure out exactly how to do now. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Let's go to our next question. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to David Joseph from Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - David Joseph>: Yes, hi. Thank you. Just a quick question on universal search. It seems like you have been 
ramping it up, or you ramped it up more, during the quarter, and I'm just wondering what percentage of total search 
results universal search is today? And also, what maybe different user behavior you're seeing with universal search 
versus traditional text search? 

And also, George, I guess one of the last questions for you is that, it looks like the incremental margin for Google 
improved pretty nicely sequentially and year over year. We do know that you had an easier comparison with the 
year-ago period, but I'm wondering if you also have been implementing, or some of the programs that you have been 
implementing for increased financial discipline, are actually starting to work now? Thank you. 

<A - George Reyes>: Yes, we've actually made a very concerted effort to drive more accountability into the business, 
so that's a theme that will carry forward. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Sergey, do you want to answer the universal question? 

<A - Sergey Brin>: Yes, universal search. So we've got a bit under a third of all queries now have some kind of 
universal search components in them. And this is just by comparison, in the first quarter it's more like a tenth. So it's 
big, big improvements. And yeah, our feeling is definitely that this -- and experiments, by the way, also justify this -but 
this is a significant improved information for our end users. And it's amazing to me, just if I look at the video, for 
example, video universal, which alone is at about 10% now of queries -- I mean people have videos for often very -- for 
things that you wouldn't expect. I mentioned before, maybe – can't remember if it was on one of these calls, but I was 
looking to buy a RAID, like an array of disks, to store stuff on. It's not the kind of query you'd expect might have good 
videos about it. But in fact, there – particular RAID I was interested in, somebody had put together a video. This is how 
you take it out of the box, this is how you swap a drive on it, all those things, and in fact, that compelled me to buy that 
particular RAID. 

So I think that you'll find increasing universal coverage in corpuses that you wouldn't expect, and that's where it's 
particularly valuable, because the user would not have thought to click on the separate video tab in that query. We have 
to bring that information to the user. That's what we're doing. 

<Q - David Joseph>: I guess, just a quick follow-up. Is that -- so are you seeing clickthrough rates a little bit less on 
universal search? And does this actually present a little bit of a different model for search, where you're going to be 
able to monetize video a little bit differently, or images, for that matter? 

<A - Sergey Brin>: Rates less on universal search? 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: [inaudible] 

<Q - David Joseph>: That's a golden triangle, where people are more focused on


<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: No, I think -- Again, it's – The system in aggregate is actually producing more 
clickthroughs. 

<A - Sergey Brin>: Oh, I see. You are saying that how would it affect – But we monitor these things pretty closely 
when we launch them, and I mean it's not that we're unwilling to launch things that might adversely affect ad 


clickthrough rates or whatnot, but in sum total, the launches that we've done, I don't think it's negative. I think it's 
positive. 

<Q - David Joseph>: Thank you. 

<A - Krista Bessinger>: Great. And we have time for just one more question. 

Operator 

Thank you. And we'll take our final question from Jeffrey Lindsay from Sanford Bernstein. 

<Q - Jeffrey Lindsay>: Hello. Could you give us more detail about your wireless strategy, and indicate just how you 
intend to participate in wireless in the US over the next four to five years? And then, could you give us any updates on 
the Android Alliance? When are Android devices expected? 

And then, could you give us an indication of, do you have to share revenues with Apple and/or AT&T to get Google 
onto the iPhone? Thank you. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Sergey, you want to start it on wireless, overall wireless strategy, and then some of the 
[inaudible]? 

<A - Sergey Brin>: Yeah, overall wireless is very simple. We want our products and the Internet and web as a whole 
available on as many devices in as many different markets as possible, so that's very easy. And we have a twofold 
approach for that. First, we write our apps and try to make them available on many different platforms, like the iPhone 
that you mentioned, or we put them on Symbian devices, on BlackBerrys, on Windows Mobile devices, all those we 
have Google Apps for. 

And we've also, because we've had some challenge sometimes getting things out, like necessarily easily being able to 
get access to location data to make maps work really well or things like that, we've developed this Android platform. 
And we've had the same calling from carriers, from handset makers and other application makers, that they just want to 
be able to get these things out more easily. And so we are very excited about Android. We are still expecting phones 
before the end of the year to ship with Android. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: And, Jonathan, you want to talk a little bit about some of the partner stuff? 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: I guess the main data point in terms of Android, there are 34 companies in the Open 
Handset Alliance. So we're doing pretty well there, and I already alluded to the contest that we ran and the results there 
with that example of the Android Scan barcode. There are others that we're very excited about. I think there's a Weather 
Channel application that will alert people and wake them up when there's a severe weather alert that they need to be 
aware of. There's some fantastic ones, one called gWalk that helps people take city tours dynamically and it adjusts to 
your location and shows points of interest. So there's already very, very significant efforts going on in the developer 
community in anticipation of the launches later this year. 

Eric Schmidt, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

So let's finish up. Thank you very much, Jonathan and everybody else. 

I want to thank everybody for spending so much time with us. We'll look forward to talking to you next quarter, and 
please have a good summer. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

And that concludes today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. 


This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


