Q4 2006 Earnings Call 

Company Participants 

• Kim Jabal, Director of Investor Relations 
• Dr. Eric Schmidt, Chairman of the Executive Committee and Chief Executive Officer 
• George Reyes, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Larry Page, Co-Founder and President, Products 
• Sergey Brin, Co-Founder and President, Technology 
Other Participants 

• Anthony Noto 
• Jonathan Rosenberg 
• Mark Mahaney 
• Brian Pitz 
• Robert Peck 
• David Joseph 
• Omid Kordestani 
• Safa Rashtchy 
• Benjamin Schachter 
• Imran Khan 
• Jordan Rohan 
• Justin Post 
• Christa Sober Quarles 
• Heath Terry 
• Youssef Squali 
• Douglas Anmuth 
• Paul Keung 
• Mark May 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day and welcome everyone to the Google Inc. Fourth Quarter 2006 Earnings Conference Call. Today's 
conference is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to 
Kim Jabal, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 

Kim Jabal, Director of Investor Relations 

Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to our fourth quarter 2006 earnings equal. On the call with us today are Eric 
Schmidt, Chief Executive Officer; George Reyes, Chief Financial Officer; Larry Page, Founder and President of 
Products; Sergey Brin, Founder and President of Technology; Jonathan Rosenberg, Senior Vice President of Product 
Management; and Omid Kordestani, Senior Vice President of Global Sales and Operations. Eric, George, Larry, and 
Sergey will provide some thoughts on the quarter and then we'll have Jonathan and Omid join us for your questions. 


This call is being webcast from our Investor Relations website. Our press release issued a few minutes ago is now 
posted on our website as well as presentation slides that will accompany today's prepared remarks. A replay of this call 
will be available within a few hours. 

Some of the comments we will make today are forward-looking including statements regarding possible future benefits 
from our partner deals, growth in our head count, future investments in absence partnerships, distribution and content, 
costs and benefits associated with implementing our transferable stock option program, future product innovations, our 
expected operating and capital expenses, charges associated with stock based compensation, possible future pressure on 
traffic acquisition cost rates and our expected tax rate. These statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties 
that could actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements. These risks 
and uncertainties include a variety of factors some of which are beyond our control. 

These forward-looking statements speak only as of today and you should not rely on them as representing our views in 
the future and we undertake no obligation to update these statements after this call. Please refer to our SEC filings 
including our report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30th, 2006, as well as our earnings release posted a 
few minutes ago on our website for a more detailed description of the risk factors that may affect our results. Copies of 
these documents may be obtained from the SEC or by visiting the Investor Relations section of our website. 

Also note that certain financial measures we use on this call such as EPS, net income, operating margin, operating 
income and our effective tax rate are expressed on a non-GAAP base and have been adjusted to exclude charges related 
to stock based compensation or SBC. In addition we also adjusted our effective tax rate to remove certain discrete items 
that occurred during the quarter. Finally we adjusted our net cash provided by operating activities to remove capital 
expenditures, a measure referred to as free cash flow. We report our GAAP results as well as provide reconciliations of 
these non-GAAP measures to GAAP financial measures in our earnings release. You can obtain a copy of our earnings 
release by visiting the investor relations section of our website and with that I'll turn the call over to Eric. 

Dr. Eric Schmidt, Chairman of the Executive Committee and Chief Executive 
Officer 

Thanks very much, Kim. Business continues to be very, very good here at Google and we're very happy to present 
another very strong performance from the company. In thinking about it, we're going to talk a little bit, both in our 
remarks as well as in your questions, and so thank you very much for those ahead of time, about a number of themes 
which I wanted to highlight. 

Global expansion of Google: Turns out that we are gaining share, according to most third party data analysis, in almost 
every country. Our international businesses have contributed a significant financial component to both our revenue, our 
profits, as well as our advertising, and we expect that to continue. What's interesting is we're also beginning to develop 
the kind of partnerships that are appropriate for a global company. So for example, we did our first large access deal 
with BSkyB in the United Kingdom in the same quarter. 

Our focus around new product development, 70-20-10 and the other things that we have talked about, has continued 
and indeed our leadership in search and ads continues, which is always wonderful. We have a much larger, higher 
quality search index in essentially all languages. We continue to search new types of content – books, code, patents, 
news archives – in all sorts of interesting new ways. 

We're showing fewer ads per search on a much higher quality and much better monetization, so again, the targeting and 
the technical work that we're doing is producing better return for advertisers, better revenue for us, with even fewer 
advertisements on a comparison basis. We're experimenting with new ad formats. Google is the innovator in many 
online products: maps, personalized home page, docs and spread sheets and our products there. We are doing very, very 
well in mobile search, and of course we have a very thorough and complete prioritization process that now allows us to 
understand how to deploy all these resources going forward. 


Another theme that occurred in the quarter, which again we'll highlight, has to do with our message around 
partnerships. We've been talking about this for awhile, but overall if you look, the partnerships that we announced last 
year are all kicking in and you're beginning to see the benefit of having such distinguished partnerships. An example of 
such a partnership is of course the YouTube acquisition, which of course we're running now as largely a separate 
business which is growing very quickly. The OEM partnerships that we announced are also beginning to kick in; 
KDDI, China Mobile, and other mobile partnerships, also working well for us. And the transparency message that we 
have been pushing is working in that people understand what we're doing and want to work with us. 

A big priority for the company over the next while is the issue of sort of growing the company. The long-term 
organizational structure and the human resource that we have managed to build has tremendous potential, needs 
management focus, needs growth and training and so forth, and all of that is in place. What's interesting now is we're 
taking the learnings from our United States and U.K. sales models, for example, and globalizing those, and again 
getting the leverage and the learning that we've had from these mature markets to the emerging markets. 

So to sum all of that up, Google is now presenting a much larger business mission: many more kinds of end users with 
more information, more personalized services. Many more partners. Partners who use Google information platforms to 
offer either their own services or ones branded by Google. We're talking to advertisers about using Google for all of our 
advertising incentives, not just text search, and that's going well. 

Vendors are using products like Google Checkout, which is doing well for us, and other services to speed commercial 
transactions. Developers are beginning to develop on top of Google as a platform play and using the services that 
Google provides to make amazing new products that really do change the world. And of course in the media industries, 
because of YouTube and the success we're having in general, our role with respect to monetization and partnering them 
is a story yet to come and one which we're very excited about. 

So with, that it's probably best to go directly to George and take us through the financials, George. 

George Reyes, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks Eric, and good afternoon everyone. We're very pleased with our performance in Q4, which demonstrated 
strength across Google and our network business and across the world. In addition to our solid results, we continued 
successfully executing on our strategy to build an organization for the long term with significant investments in our 
employees and in our infrastructure. We are truly a global company and we are scaling aggressively to meet the needs 
of our users all over the world. 

I will now turn to some details of the quarter. Gross revenues for the fourth quarter were 3.2 billion reflecting growth of 
67% over Q4 of last year. As in previous years, the fourth quarter was characterized by strong traffic – growth in 
traffic, primarily due to the holiday shopping season. In addition, continued monetization gains and ads quality 
improvements positively affected revenue growth. Revenue from Google properties was just under $2 billion 
representing 62% of total revenue and year-over-year growth of 80%. Google properties revenue was driven primarily 
by healthy gains in traffic as well as growth due to improvements in monetization. 

AdSense revenues came in at 1.2 billion representing 37% of total revenue and year-over-year growth of 50%. Our 
AdSense business also experienced significant traffic gains driven by strong performance among many of our larger 
AdSense research partners, as well as on our AdSense for content network. In addition, ads quality changes including 
enhancements to our content ads targeting system contributed to growth in AdSense for content. 

This quarter, we're going to provide some additional data on paid clicks which include clicks related to ads served on 
Google, Google properties, as well as through our partners. Aggregate paid clicks grew approximately 61% over Q4 of 
last year and approximately 22% over Q3. 

Turning to Checkout, we're very pleased that Google Checkout adoption rates exceeded our expectations in Q4. I'd also 
like to note that our recent consumer promotions for Google Checkout during the quarter were accounted for as a 
reduction to both Google sites and network revenues in accordance with GAAP. 


Now turning to a geographic breakdown of revenues, the U.S. posted revenue of nearly 1.8 billion driven largely by 
seasonal traffic gains from a strong holiday season with particular strength in the retail vertical. International revenue 
was 1.4 billion, representing 44% of total revenue. Our growth in international revenues demonstrates that the 
investments we are making abroad, including the development of cross functional regional offices around the world, 
are paying off handsomely. International revenues also benefited from favorable currency trends. 

Our European markets performed especially well this quarter. Germany and France in particular experienced 
significant strength with solid performance in the retail vertical. The U.K. exhibited its typical seasonal pattern 
declining modestly as a percentage of total revenues from 16% in Q3 to 15% at 469 million. The U.K. experienced 
similar softness in the travel and finance verticals just as it did last year. We also continue to be very pleased with the 
growth we are seeing in our smaller European markets such as Ireland, Benelux, Eastern Europe, and are likewise 
seeing very encouraging growth in Asia and the Pacific region as well as Latin America, Australia, and Brazil. 

Traffic acquisition costs or TAC were 976 million. The majority of TAC is related to the amounts ultimately paid to 
our AdSense partners which totaled 916 million. TAC also consists of amounts paid to certain distribution partners, 
which totaled 60 million in Q4. As we grow our distribution and AdSense partner network and embark on new 
initiatives like audio and video ads, we may see additional pressure on TAC rates. 

Turning to cost of revenue, the increase in cost of revenue were primarily driven by increases in depreciation expense 
related to our data centers. Going forward we anticipate that other costs of sales will increase due to rising depreciation 
expense and credit card fees associated with both AdWords and Checkout. Operating expenses in Q4 included 134 
million in stock based compensation and totaled 862 million. These included 493 million in payroll related and 
facilities expenses which were the greatest drivers of OpEx this quarter. 

Non-GAAP operating profit which excludes stock based compensation grew to 1.2 billion with non-GAAP operating 
margins of 37% down from 38% in Q3. Looking forward, we expect to continue investing heavily in our business. You 
should expect continued growth in head count across functions and across the world. We also expect continued 
investments in AdSense partnerships, distribution partners, and content. 

Changing gears and topics, in December we announced a new innovative compensation program to attract and retain 
the world's best talent. We currently anticipate that we will implement our employee transferable stock option plan or 
TSO plan in Q2. Since all outstanding stock options will be modified to allow selling under the program, we 
preliminarily estimate a modification charge in accordance with GAAP of approximately $90 million in Q2 related to 
vested options as of the end of the quarter and a charge of approximately 160 million over the remaining vesting 
periods of up to about four years related to unvested options. For more details on these estimates of the stock based 
compensation related to this TSO program, please refer to our press release. 

Before the incremental charges related to the TSO program, we currently estimate stock based compensation charges 
for grants to employees prior to January 1st of 2007 to be approximately 621 million in 2007. 

Turning to a favorite topic of ours, capital expenditures for the quarter totaled 367 million bringing total capital 
expenditures for 2006 to 1.9 billion. The majority of our CapEx is related to IT infrastructure investments including 
data centers, servers and networking equipment. Our leadership in search and ads is a direct result of our relentless 
focus on building the most robust platforms for our users. As we scale our business increasingly requires substantial 
computational power. In 2007 we expect to make significant capital expenditure investments. It is important to point 
out that the strategy of aggressively investing in our infrastructure has paid off handsomely and remains critical to our 
success and we intend to follow this strategy for the foreseeable future. 

Now turning to cash, operating cash flow was $911 million, free cash flow, a non-GAAP measure, which we define as 
cash flow from operations less CapEx increased to 544 million. Our tax rate was affected by two discrete items. Last 
month we entered into an advanced pricing agreement or APA with the IRS related to certain inter-company transfer 
pricing arrangements. We also realized a benefit to our income tax provision related to the 2006 R&D tax credit. 
Without these applicable discrete items, our non-GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 24% and for the year was 
26%. Without these applicable discrete items our non-GAAP effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 24% -- I 


apologize I just repeated myself. Our effective tax rate will be greater in 2007 under the APA than it would have been 
without it; however we expect our effective tax rate for 2007 to be at or below 30%. Please refer to our press release for 
more detail. 

So to conclude, we had a very healthy Q4 across the company, and we continue to execute on our strategy of building 
the greatest -- building a great company, so now I'll turn it over to Larry. 

Larry Page, Co-Founder and President, Products 

Thanks George and hello everybody. I'm very excited about our results for this quarter. As always, serving our users 
was the No. 1 priority this past quarter. We know that when we take care of our users, the whole Google ecosystem 
flourishes. 

I'd like to first talk about search performance. There's five different dimensions of search performance that I want to 
talk about, one is the number of concurrent user queries, the response time, the size of index, the document update 
frequency and the complexity and sophistication of the ranking algorithms. 

We continue to invest in the global infrastructure that supports our search system because that investments allows us to 
improve performance among all these dimensions. As a result, we can now handle more user queries and respond more 
quickly. Our index is substantially larger and is updated more often and the system supports ranking algorithms that are 
more computationally expensive and deliver better results to the user. 

Since users are interested in many types of information, we expanded our search index to include new types of content. 
We added the ability to search for code in more than 40 different programming languages and indexed more than 7 
million U.S. patents. Google Video search now links to YouTube content and with that acquisition over time we will 
integrate the YouTube platform with our search engine. 

To make this range of information more useful, we are working on integrating different types of results, video, images, 
news, books and so on all in one place. We are now blending book results into the main index and will add more going 
forward. We are excited about providing a truly seamless user experience in search. Users also value the great 
innovation and flexibility driven by the open standards of the Internet era, personalized home page users are now using 
over 10,000 gadgets almost all of them developed outside of Google. 

This is one reason why usage of personalized search grew so much. We launched Google gadget share webpage so 
webmasters can place some of those gadgets on their own sites as well. We merged docs and spreadsheets and adoption 
grew rapidly. Users are increasingly taking advantage of the collaborative powers of hosting and sharing their work on 
the web. 

Our users also need to reach multiple devices from any location, so mobile and global markets are an integral part of 
everything we do. We signed new partnerships with companies such as China Mobile, Samsung, SK Telcom and 
Apple. We also launched a mobile application for Gmail and a GPS enabled version of maps with our partner Helio. 

Google search now supports localized results in over 55 countries. We made improvements to our search quality across 
all languages and particularly in German and Japanese. Well over half our traffic and a large portion of revenue comes 
from outside the U.S., so we know these efforts are paying off. We opened engineering facilities in Poland, Russia, 
Denmark and Korea. These new offices like our other international locations have amazing engineers who can create 
new features not only for the local markets but for everyone else too. 

Now I'll let Sergey fill you in on what we're doing to support the rest of the Google ecosystem, our advertisers and 
partners. 

Sergey Brin, Co-Founder and President, Technology 


Thanks, Larry. I'm going to talk about advertisers, partners, and a number of improvements we made in our 
monetization. First of all, our ad systems, we focused not just on making money, but also on the ad quality. And ad 
quality has been something we've been working on since the launch of our ad system, known as AdWords Express 
back then in 2002. 

In the fourth quarter, we continued to enhance our ad matching by eliminating ads from some of our less commercial 
queries, while showing more ads on commercially-oriented searches. And as a result, the percentage of queries that 
receive ads have gone down by several points but monetization has improved. And these are the kinds of improvements 
that we make all the time and really improve both the quality and the monetization of our system. 

We also released an upgrade of our landing page quality system. This removes the low quality landing pages from our 
ad results and improves the user's experience after they leave Google and click on an ad. This in turn encourages users 
to click on more ads because they have a better and more useful content when they do so. 

The same user-focused approach works for partners, too. Our enhanced content targeting platform for AdSense 
significantly improved ad relevance. This means a better experience for users, better performance for advertisers, and 
more revenue for partners and for Google. We also launched the custom search engines. This way, partners can embed 
a tailored search engine on their site that provides a richer user experience. 

In sum total, we paid over $3 billion in 2006 to our partners, and this is a figure that we expect is going to increase as 
we ramp up our video, radio, and print programs. Advertisers are now using our targeting platform to place brand 
advertising across our content network, and they're going to have more branding options as the YouTube inventory 
comes online. In 2006, we expanded offline ads. We rolled out audio with radio stations and print with over 50 
newspaper partners. The ability to offer premium online and offline inventory along with the control and analytics to 
optimize it puts us in a position to provide a complete sales and marketing platform for all advertisers. 

In June we launched Google Checkout to give our users a better, secure, more efficient way to shop online, and the 
feedback has been positive. We regularly survey our users to gauge their satisfaction and we're pleased with the 
feedback we're hearing about Checkout. In a recent survey using third party data, 8 out of 10 Checkout users described 
their experience as good or very good. Our fourth quarter marketing investments paid off with dramatic growth of the 
user base and repeat usage stayed strong which is a good measure of convenience and ease of use. Checkout yielded 
good results for merchants too who benefited from higher conversion rates and free transaction processing. In the six 
months since Checkout's launch, thousands of small and medium merchants have signed up and we now have more 
than 20% of the web's top 500 retailers. That list includes, Toys"R"Us, Linens 'n Things, PETCO, and Buy.com. There 
are many more; you can all see for yourselves on checkout.google.com. We expect this momentum to continue as we 
expand Checkout beyond the U.S. and deepen integration with other products. 

On an even more important note, I'd like to talk about our unique culture and energy that we have been not only 
preserving but even enhancing since our startup days. Our new transferable stock options will help by letting us 
continue to attract and retain talented people. We are proud to have been selected by Fortune as the No. 1 Best Place to 
Work in 2007. Fortune highlighted the usual "Googley" things like our free food, beanbags and lava lamps but what's 
not apparent from the outside is the set of rigorous systems and processes that we use to manage our growth while 
maintaining this entrepreneurial zeal. As we grow in size and expand to new locations, we never forget that we are 
global citizens entrusted with taking care of users worldwide. 

I look forward to taking your questions; for now it's back to Eric. 

Dr. Eric Schmidt, Chairman of the Executive Committee and Chief Executive 
Officer 

Well, thanks Sergey. So in thinking about this and listening to the folks, the question that comes to mind is, what is the 
key to our success and I think it's search. Search is getting better and better as we continue to innovate across the globe. 
Our employee base has grown and in a very positive way. We have a great group of engineers and developers and 


employees who are able to share and communicate and contribute essentially new and innovative ideas and approaches 
so we're able to continue to provide the most relevant information available on the web. 

The strength of our ability to target this personal information continues to improve based on user feedback, better 
technology, etcetera, and this results in our advertisers being able to spend in the most effective way to contribute to 
everyone's bottom line positively. The net effect of course is strong revenue growth, good advertiser satisfaction and a 
real value to the end user. Our partnerships of course are growing very nicely, benefiting both our customers and 
partners and everybody is getting to know us better and better. 

MySpace, Apple, Samsung, China Mobile, others we haven't mentioned, all doing well with many more content 
partnerships coming in 2007. So at Google we're very proud to be providing access to the world's information. We're 
committed to investing heavily in our people, innovation, creativity and fostering new ideas for business model and 
products. We're also extremely proud to continue to deliver tangible results that exceed what we believe we'll be able to 
do with our commitments to technology, customers, advertisers, and partnerships. We'll obviously continue to evolve 
those relationships as we need to. And our commitment is to provide the most relevant information across the board in 
a personalized and targeted way across any device: what you want, when you want it and how you want it. 

With that thank you very much and Kim maybe we can go to questions? 

Kim Jabal, Director of Investor Relations 

Operator? 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Anthony Noto with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Anthony Noto>: Thank you very much. Also thank you for the paid click growth rates and my question pertains 
to that. 22% sequential growth in paid clicks but gross revenue grew 19% sequentially. I was wondering if you could 
bridge the gap for us. Was price down sequentially per lead or was that Google contra-revenue, could you give us 
clarity on that difference? Thank you. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Let me add that we're asking Jonathan Rosenberg and Omid Kordestani to join us as we have 
historically. Jonathan, you're probably the expert on this. 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: Sure Anthony. I'll let George address the contra-revenue piece, but I think the thing that 
you really need to look at when you look at the sequential growth if you really want to get a measure of price to look at 
the health of the industry, you need to come up with something that is like a CPI or a Dow Jones Index so that you're 
comparing apples-to-apples quarter-to-quarter. There are a bunch of other things that impact CPC. 

Probably the biggest is growth rates in emerging markets versus developed markets. You basically have the dynamic 
that the newer market haves lower prices, so what that tends to do is since they're faster growth, that tends to put 
downward pressure on CPC. There is another dynamic that you have in terms of Google.com which has actually been 
growing faster than the other properties and has a higher CPC so that actually puts a little bit of upward pressure on 
CPC. 

On the other hand with AdSense for content we're adding a lot of social network type traffic in, particularly with the 
MySpace deal so that puts downward pressure on the dynamic. There is also a lot of other dynamics particularly during 
the holidays where the advertisers are searching very aggressively for more key words that can allow them to get more 
leads and when they do that they tend to find some of the previously undiscovered keywords so they get lower CPC 
keywords, so there's a whole combination there. There is no data that suggests that on an apples-to-apples basis we're 


seeing a decline in CPCs of like keywords. So those are the other dynamics that make the equation work out with 
respect to the 22% versus the 19%. George if you wanted to address the contra-revenue item? 

<A - George Reyes>: Sure. Anthony, can you hear me? 

<Q - Anthony Noto>: Yes, sir. 

<A - George Reyes>: So basically we had a very good session with our Ernst & Young accounting firm, and this was 
back a few months ago, and we clearly agreed with their position that these Google Checkout transactions were going 
to be accounted as contra-revenue, and that is the appropriate GAAP accounting treatment for it, so that's why we're -that's 
why we've shared that with you. 

<Q - Anthony Noto>: Could you give us a sense of the magnitude? 

<A - George Reyes>: At this point it's on the order of magnitude of 1% or thereabouts. 

<Q - Anthony Noto>: On a sequential – that hurt your sequential growth sequentially by 1% or 1% of your total 
revenue? 

<A - George Reyes>: The latter. 

<Q - Anthony Noto>: Great, thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Mark Mahaney with Citigroup. 

<Q - Mark Mahaney>: I also want to follow up on Google Checkout, and could you talk about the – you talked about 
the cost. Can you talk about the returns you're seeing on Checkout in particularly two areas, in what sense you – to 
what extent you've seen merchants spend more with Google because of the facilitation this has had of their e-commerce 
business or what impact it's had on users in terms of their willingness to chase the badge or to look at Checkout 
promotions and to take advantage of those opportunities? Thank you. 

<A - Sergey Brin>: Yeah, this is Sergey. I don't have data on the first of your questions, but on the latter we know that 
users are drawn to Checkout badges. There are varying implementations, and in some cases as long as we make it clear 
enough to users that Google Checkout is there and they can more efficiently complete their transaction, we've seen 
substantial increases in their likelihood of both clicking on the ad and then subsequently a significant improvement on 
the conversion rate. Jonathan you want to add anything to that? 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: Sure. I mean, basically the dynamic, Mark, since we are in many cases increasing the 
click through rate for the advertisers, they're basically getting better ROI and they're also lowering their transaction 
processing cost so there is a couple of dynamics that create a pretty significant incentive for them. They're also I think 
discovering that Checkout facilitates the buying process which means more sales for them, so basically most of them 
are beginning to kind of think about Google as a sales channel rather than a marketing expense and since what they 
care about is conversions, we expect that they'll continue to invest in channels that help them increase their conversions 
and most of the data that we're hearing from the vast majority of the partners would so indicate. I think we actually just 
announced today the addition of Blue Nile, so we're continuing to see very positive growth, particularly with the larger 
online retailers. 

<Q - Mark Mahaney>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Brian Pitz with Banc of America. 


<Q - Brian Pitz>: Thank you. A couple questions on mobile. You've made a number of mobile acquisitions such as 
Android and Dodgeball over the past year. Any information you can share with us in terms of new product launches 
around mobile and secondly thoughts on when mobile may actually be somewhat of an impactful revenue driver. Will 
we see anything in '07 or is this more of an '08 story and beyond and maybe you can talk about the split of revenue, is it 
going to be fee based mainly advertising we understand, but do you foresee any fee based revenue in there as well for 
content? 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: This is Eric and it's clear that 2007 will be the year that mobile search query traffic grows 
substantially. Our current model is to use targeted text ads, and we have evidence that the monetization of those ads is 
higher than in non-mobile uses. So it looks like the advertising revenue on a per search query is likely to be 
significantly higher on mobile than on non-mobile. 

As part of that we're investing in new categories of using mobile devices. For example, YouTube content is being used 
and can be viewed on mobile devices and various partnerships that we're doing. Those are as much opportunistic for us 
and they're not really driving revenue yet although in theory you can imagine a combination of video advertising on the 
mobile phone that would have both the best entertainment value but also very, very high monetization rates. 

We're unlikely to split it out. It's not material today in a financial sense, and more importantly it's still emerging. We are 
making a significant investment in technology around mobile because of the growth rate of mobile and the ultimate 
scale of that business. You won't really see its financial impact until '08. 

<Q - Brian Pitz>: Great, thanks. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Robert Peck with Bear, Stearns. 

<Q - Robert Peck>: Congratulations, guys. Quick question here on YouTube. One, could you just maybe give us a feel 
for the revenue run rate is and what was in the quarter and the margins on it and number two, could you comment a 
little bit about what Chad spoke about over the weekend talking about revenue share? How exactly would that work 
with both the content owner and the publisher, even touching on audio fingerprints, and ultimately, how you're going to 
stop uploading copyrighted content? Thanks. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Really a bunch of questions about how YouTube is working. We don't break out the YouTube 
revenues separately. Our primary focus with YouTube right now is user adoption. We're experimenting with various 
advertising models. User adoption and advertising are growing very quickly, so it looks like early returns about the 
justification around the acquisition, the calculations that we did, all look very positive to us. We're very, very, very 
pleased. 

As part of that, we're running YouTube separately. Chad, of course, is both the founder and a brilliant leader. And he 
has been pushing very hard for the development of a model where ultimately the people who produce the content in 
fact do get some revenue coming back in various forms of sharing. We don't have a formal program around that, but 
you should expect this year we'll begin to offering such programs. So the combination of the ability to share revenue 
with content partners, and again we're doing that both with traditional partners but also with a new emergent category 
which we're very excited about, we're all on YouTube. The combination of the two could ultimately be a very 
significant large business for us. It's too early to know exactly when. 

With respect to things like the fingerprinting, one of the things that we're very concerned about is we want to respect 
the copyright ownership – essentially the ownership issues and the authors of copyrighted works. We are in 
development of a number of technologies that will help us there. Audio fingerprinting, various video fingerprinting. It's 
at various stages of being rolled out. That's in the area of big research in the computer science community and also a 
significant investment here at Google. 


<Q - Robert Peck>: And just on the advertising, Eric, how do you envision that? Is it more of a 2-second roll, is it a 
30-second roll, or is it just a display ad near it? How should we think about it? 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: The true answer is we're going to experiment with different alternatives. Pre-rolls have 
historically not made sense, and there is some evidence that the traditional pre-rolls people have done have not worked, 
but we're certainly looking at alternatives and variants on the pre-roll as well as post-roll, and also with in-context 
advertising. The real value we found with people who have produced copyrighted work, and the reason that they want 
to talk to us and want to work with us, is we're talking to their fans and we know who those fans are and those fans 
come to them for the copyrighted information and that's a highly monetizable base and that's very attractive to the 
copyright holder. 

<Q - Robert Peck>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Mary Meeker with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - David Joseph>: Yeah hi, it's Dave Joseph asking for both of us. Just a really quick question, can you talk a little 
bit about the dMarc betas that I believe wrapped up during the quarter for radio and print ads? From what we heard, 
they were pretty successful and that they even ended early and I was wondering what the next steps there might be and 
whether this might even be a revenue generator in 2007? 

<A - Omid Kordestani>: This is Omid Kordestani. Hi, Dave and Mary. Audio is one of the several initiatives, new 
initiatives we're pursuing in the advertising area as well as inventory acquisition and we are working hard in integrating 
the product functionality. We, the campaign management tools, as well as the build out of the sales force and the 
partnership teams to acquire the proper amount of inventory. So again, it's early to tell on most of these initiatives their 
full impact on the financials, but we're making great progress with both the advertisers and in pursuit of great 
partnerships for inventory. 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: This is Jonathan. The only data that I guess I would add, it was pretty robust in terms of 
scope with respect to the radio station affiliates. I believe we had over 700 radio stations in more than 200 metros in the 
network, so the scope's pretty significant. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Okay, our next question? 

Operator 

We'll go next to Safa Rashtchy with Piper Jaffray. 

<Q - Safa Rashtchy>: Good afternoon and congratulations on a great quarter. Could you talk about your partnerships? 
Eric you mentioned that these are starting to bear fruit. Could you give us some additional color to help us kind of 
gauge that performance? If you look at the AdSense revenue the growth of course is very strong but it hasn't been 
accelerating. Where are you in terms of in your cycle in reaping the profits from these partnerships? If I can give you a 
quick example, last year you increased monetization and we saw big improvements in your Q3 results and then started 
to slow down, so can you give us a sense of where we are in terms of the benefits you could get from these new 
partnerships? 

<A - Omid Kordestani>: Hi Safa, this is Omid. Thank you for the comments. In general we're very pleased with the 
broad activity we have both in terms of the direct partnerships that we established with the major content or search 
partners as well as our online network, and on the advertising – AdSense search front, some of the major partnerships 
are really in place already world wide we're actively either pursuing the renewals or in some of the few we don't have 
we're obviously very interested in pursuing. The -- and so I think you'll see a lot of stability there. There's actually some 
nice growth with some of these partners that are doing a lot of work in improving their search functionality and using 


either our service or their own but using our monetization. 

In the case of the content, we're doing a lot to just improve the quality of the content network, so we did -- we 
undertook initiatives that on the one hand improved the way we monetize the advertising on those content sites and the 
other hand the landing pitch quality had an impact where you know some of the limited some of the performance in the 
network, so the two had a counteracting effect. So I think that's what you're seeing. You're just seeing a stability on the 
search front and on the content side our improvements in the quality is affecting that and again making it really stable 
instead of seeing a dramatic increase, but in terms of the coverage, we're doing really great. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: And we saw significant revenue growth in our revenue partnerships our non-Google.com 
partnerships in the quarter and we anticipate that will continue. Our next question? 

Operator 

We'll go next to Ben Schachter with UBS. 

<Q - Benjamin Schachter>: Hey guys, I was wondering if you could give us an update on your interest in healthcare? 
You've been more vocal about intentions there and I was wondering if you can perhaps quantify the type of investment 
you might make in that space and over what time horizon, and then also, George, last year one of the few numbers you 
gave some guidance on was that CapEx would grow faster than revenue. I was wondering what you could quantify 
what you expect from CapEx? Thanks. 

<A - Sergey Brin>: On the health care – This is Sergey. I just want to highlight our interest in healthcare is primarily 
driven by requests we've gotten with a number of both government, NGOs and commercial entities and seeing if there 
could be the kind of IT improvements in healthcare that we've seen with search on the web with Google, and we view 
health as very important and we'd like to contribute to that. It's not something that we're thinking of as -- it's not 
something that we're looking to drive the P&L or whatnot. It's more about what we can do to contribute to that 
community and it's too early to say exactly what that might be. We're still investigating where we can make the most 
useful contribution. 

<A - George Reyes>: On a CapEx side, as long as we have a healthy vibrant growing business like we have today, we 
have no choice but to continue to invest in CapEx because it just regenerates more competitive advantage for us. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Imran Khan with JPMorgan. 

<Q - Imran Khan>: Yes, hi, thank you. A question about your globalization and you got to 75% of your revenue 
almost from U.S. and UK. I was wondering if you could give us some sense in terms of monetization of queries 
difference and if not quantitatively, maybe qualitatively between U.S., U.K. and maybe continental Europe? 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: This is Jonathan. The U.K. has been traditionally very, very strong in fact in some cases 
stronger than in the continental United States. We do see this odd dynamic particularly seasonally in the U.K. in the 
fourth quarter where they kind of have the reverse effect than that he do in the U.S. and we've talked about that in some 
previous calls. A lot of it just relates to the fact that they plan vacations a lot earlier, so travel and also the finance 
vertical tend to be a little less robust. When you move to the continent, the monetization does go down modestly, but in 
some of the areas where we're -- where we've been -- where the ad systems have been for at least a few years, it's still 
very high, such as Germany. But beyond that we haven't really broken out any color in terms of rank order of 
monetization. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: My general comment is that people are pretty much the same all around the world, and that the 
differences that you see are really a function of both GDP growth, broadband penetration, the development rate where 
they are in e-commerce, the U.K. performance has always been strong, and it's probably true for many, many 


companies and partly that is because of the nature of the decisions that were made 5 or 10 years ago in the United 
Kingdom. There's every reason to believe that the similar structure in all the countries that you listed for example, 
Western Europe, are working very, very hard to adopt a same broadband policies, electronic commerce policies and so 
forth and in many of those countries we appear to have even higher market share than we do in the U.K. so we should 
see significant positive results as a result. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Jordan Rohan with RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - Jordan Rohan>: It's been reported in the past that right before you purchased YouTube or made the 
announcement of your intention to purchase YouTube that YouTube actually cut some deals with Universal, Sony, and 
Bertelsmann's BMG and Warner Music Group. How are those deals accounted for in terms of content license fees? In 
which line of the income statement might they be and can you give us some idea if the rumored 50 million in total 
amount that was reported is in the right ballpark? Thank you so much. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: We're not going to comment on specific rumors. The deals that you're referring to were done 
prior to the closing of the acquisition, and they were accounted for in the acquisition accounting essentially. YouTube 
is busy doing a whole bunch of interesting deals which we will account for in the proper way as they get signed. But I 
would prefer that we not comment on any of the specific rumors during that time. It was important that the content 
deals that they did be done at the time so that we had clear issues with respect to copyright and so forth, and they were 
very, very strategic for both us and for YouTube. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Justin Post with Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Justin Post>: Could you help us understand your view on what – when you extend the Google ad platform to 
traditional media, what are some of the advantages you provide to advertisers? Is it going to be broader reach, better 
measurement, some pricing advantages? What do you see as your real advantage there as you enter traditional media 
going forward? 

<A - Omid Kordestani>: Sure. This is Omid Kordestani. Our focus really is to really provide the widest reach possible 
as well as the most efficient way to manage these campaigns across media, and we're seeing already some of the early 
benefits of that. In the last quarter there were companies our customers like Volvo, P&G and OfficeMax as an example 
that took advantage of our rich media based advertising both in image ads and video ads and just to give you a sense of 
this, one of our advertisers, Volvo, went into the content network they created several custom channels to reach their 
specific target market, then they used local ad targeting again to refine it on a more geographic basis. With P&G, they 
had a very humorous and fun click to play video advertising and that the fine tuning that they could do with the online 
campaign at a moment's notice was really, really attractive to them. In the case of OfficeMax they actually created a 
micro site in Google video and then they syndicated their advertising through the content network to 6,000 sites, so it's 
really the power of the advertising platform and the publisher platform that lets the advertisers have a lot of control, 
take advantage of the wide audience, target it properly and then now use different ad formats depending on their 
marketing objectives. 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: This is Jonathan just adding a couple of comments. If you think about accountability and 
enabling measurement for radio, one of the things we provide is real-time reports on exactly where the ad played and 
when it played. These are things that sound simple but they're a pretty huge improvement over the way traditional radio 
reports which aren't otherwise available until 12 weeks after the ad's run has previously played out. The same thing is 
true of some of the efforts we're doing in print with a bunch of the newspapers right now. It's much, much easier to 
bring automation and efficiency with the platform that we have and with the advertisers that we have in terms of getting 
a dashboard the kind of a dashboard that most CMOs would like with respect to their campaign performance across all 


of the available mediums. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Christa Quarles with Thomas Weisel partners. 

<Q - Christa Sober Quarles>: Hi. First, you mentioned that Asia was starting to show some measure of performance. 
I was wondering if you could give us the percentage of the mix of that internationally, and the second is I guess more of 
a philosophical question with regard to YouTube in that you are keeping Google video as a search destination I guess, 
but could Google -- could YouTube ultimately become your destination media brand and I guess how do you think 
about that in terms of the broader context of media, and would you start getting into content and/or would you always 
see yourself in revenue share? I'm just trying to get a philosophical view there. Thanks. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: So on the question of international revenue, we typically don't break that sort of stuff out. On the 
question of YouTube, we're pushing very, very hard for the success of YouTube as a brand. It has tremendous traction 
with a demographic that we care about. An awful lot of people are now using YouTube every day in their daily lives. 
Larry? 

<A - Larry Page>: Yeah, I think we – I would listen to my remarks, but I think we're taking our time to do the 
integration so that we preserve the value both of Google Video and of YouTube. And we're starting to provide some 
integration there, but I think it's likely over time that we'll continue to have both Google branding and YouTube 
branding. And I think also there will be a lot of new things that happen in those areas and innovation and I don't think 
in general you'll see us -- we have not traditionally hired lots of people to make content. We've instead relied on getting 
all of our huge number of users to all the content in the world, and in getting them to that seamlessly and I think we'll 
still try to continue to do that. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Heath Terry with Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Heath Terry>: Great, there's been a lot written in the press about the form that advertising on YouTube is going 
to take over time. Pardon me. And I was wondering if you could just kind of talk us through what your vision is for 
how that's going to develop? 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: The – As I indicated in my earlier question and answer, we're going to experiment with a number 
of such approaches. There are a couple of things that we now know. We know that people who use YouTube are very 
fanatical about it and in particular, if you're looking at content which is copyrighted or related to a copyrighted 
character, we know that that person is somebody who the copyright owner is trying to reach. So the first thing that we 
can do is we can connect the copyright owner with the end user. 

We can also do advertising and we can do -- we can do advertising both as pre-roll, post-roll, but we can also do 
something else. We can do contextual advertising around the content in various ways, so these are all combinations that 
we're experimenting with. We're encouraging copyright owners to submit content to us and then to measure how many 
fans -- how many tremendous viewers, what that community is. That's a very, very qualified viewer, and we believe 
ultimately we will develop partnerships in advertising along the lines that Omid suggested, many of which are very 
unusual. In addition to being the list that I just suggested, there will be all sorts of ways of linking our advertising 
system and the advertising system of our partners so that they can do very, very interesting ways within the 
communities that have developed around powerful entertainment characters and content. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Youssef Squali with Jefferies and Company. 


<Q - Youssef Squali>: Thank you very much. George, your traffic acquisition cost for the quarter was about 81% of 
your network revenue, that's about 300 basis points increase if you compare it to last year, and I'm assuming it's kind of 
the net effect of AOL, MySpace, and eBay deals, among others kicking in. Is that the new level we should expect as a 
base going forward, and second can you help us understand the size and growth of your display ad business? Is it at 
10% revenue yet? We've heard pretty positive feedback on it lately, particularly on the placement targeting function, so 
just if we could get a couple comments there? 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: I think Omid is probably better equipped to answer that one question. I'm sorry what was your 
first question? Hello? 

Operator 

One moment. 
<A - Eric Schmidt>: Hello? 
<A - George Reyes>: Go ahead, Omid. 
<A - Eric Schmidt>: Hello? 
<A - George Reyes>: Go ahead, Omid. 


Operator 

Please go ahead. 
<Q - Youssef Squali>: Yes, hi. Can you hear me now? 
<A - George Reyes>: Please go ahead. 
<A - Eric Schmidt>: Yes. 
<Q - Youssef Squali>: Sorry about that. 
<A - Eric Schmidt>: So we have seen TAC increase a bit, and it's all a function of the types of deals that we're doing, 


and you know, there's nothing nefarious about it. It's just a trend in our business. 
<A - George Reyes>: Omid? 
<A - Omid Kordestani>: On the breakout, we don't really have any official breakouts from Google directly according 


to the third party measurements if there's over 25% of the top 100 advertisers are now consistently running display and 
video ads with Google, and these are some of the advantages I mentioned and just a variety of formats, the access to the 
way they can target the different content channels to reach their audience both domestically and globally, and really the 
advertisers are experimenting with this and more and more we're in the regular CMO meetings across the world led by 
the U.S. efforts and now being replicated across the world, so it's – we're very pleased with its performance and we're 
putting a lot of resources behind it to basically be present in front of these customers and in all of our field operations 
across the globe. 

<Q - Youssef Squali>: Thanks. 
<A - George Reyes>: Our next question? 


Operator 


We'll go next to Doug Anmuth with Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - Douglas Anmuth>: Thank you. Larry and Sergey, you mentioned a number of drivers of MySpace during the 
quarter, but unless I missed it I don't think you talked about personalization and I think that's an area you started to 
experiment with during – with more during the quarter, so can you talk about what you're seeing in terms of the early 
returns with personalizing search and then how you view the ranking there as a monetization driver going forward, and 
then can you also give us a rough sense of what percentage of your users actually sign in when searching? Thank you. 

<A - Sergey Brin>: I mean, I think we're very excited about personalization and I did – actually in my comments I 
mentioned personalized home pages and so on and use of gadgets there which we've been really excited about our 
growth in those areas and the usage of those products and how excited users are about them. And I think you know we 
have a ways to go in really promoting those features. You know, we're starting to really get very healthy usage, but you 
know it's not that obvious to me when I go to Google how to get to those things, and I think we've got a lot more 
growth in store. And the quality improvements we get with personalized search are quite significant and we're very 
excited about that and that drives even more search and more monetization and so on, so I think overall I think we're 
very excited about personalization. We've had a lot of significant traction in terms of users and we have a lot more 
opportunity in terms of promoting those very useful functionality to our huge base of users. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Our next question? 

Operator 

We'll go next to Paul Keung, with CIBC World Markets. 

<Q - Paul Keung>: Thank you. The third party data suggests that the paid click international market is growing faster 
than the U.S. I was curious how big is that gap for you international U.S. in terms of paid clicks and is it a gap that's 
been widening in recent quarters? 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Again, you're referring to growth rate of advertising revenue international versus US? 

<Q - Paul Keung>: Not the revenues but the clicks themselves. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Jonathan? 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: Specifically the question is what percentage have the clicks grown disproportionately 
outside the U.S.? I'm not sure I can give you the percentage there... 

<Q - Paul Keung>: Just some color would be good. Relatively how significant is the difference? 

<A - Jonathan Rosenberg>: I'm not sure how much color I can give you. There's no question that the -- that we're 
doing very well from a market share perspective internationally we're doing even better internationally than we're doing 
domestically where we're doing very, very well and the relative growth rates are bigger internationally in the emerging 
markets as the ad systems are launched. 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: It's actually a series of compounding. The Internet is growing faster outside the United States 
than in the U.S. Our advertising systems are growing faster outside the United States than in the U.S. and the 
monetization improvement from a low base is growing faster outside the U.S. than in the U.S. and having said that, our 
advertising and user traffic growth are growing very well in the United States. So it's hard to know how big a gap, 
they're all doing well international better than the U.S. for a multiplicity of factors. Our next question? 

Operator 

We'll take our last question from Mark May with Needham & Company. 


<Q - Mark May>: Thanks for taking my question. In your prepared remarks you discuss your efforts to build an ad 
platform that serves all types of advertisers. You mentioned radio, or audio, print and video which I most people 
assume you're talking about YouTube and or Google video. TV advertising was not specifically listed. The question is, 
do you see the traditional TV ad market as one that you'd like to serve, and if so, is the opportunity in TV advertising 
part of your current efforts at YouTube and Google video or might TV be an opportunity that is somewhat different 
than what you're currently developing or pursuing at those two units? 

<A - Eric Schmidt>: Thank you for that final question. We have already said that we are experimenting with 
traditional television advertising. It's fair to say that whatever we do will be new and different from the way it's 
currently sold and marketed, so you should think of us as experimenting using our targeting technology and our 
tremendous reach to see if we can improve what is already a good and robust business that others are in. 

With respect to television radio video advertising, there are many reasons to believe that the targeting technology that 
we have invented can really apply well, that people will pay advertisers in particular will pay much higher rates for ads 
that are targeted than ones that are untargeted. So for example set top boxes can help you target to end users and the 
setup boxes are now IP addressable, so there is a lot of evidence that if we link our systems into the systems of people 
who are operators, we can get another leg up on targeting it ultimately provides both a more useful advertising 
experience for the end user and also a better advertising experience for the advertiser themselves in terms of 
conversion. 

Dr. Eric Schmidt, Chairman of the Executive Committee and Chief Executive 
Officer 

So with that, Kim, it sounds like we should wrap up. I wanted to thank everybody again. We are very, very pleased 
with what's going on at Google. The systems that we've talked about, the approach that we're taking, the investment 
that we're taking both in terms of people as well as capital, the globalization of the business, the expansion of the 
business into advertising into radio and television as you just asked, the expansion into new platforms such as mobile, 
the sum of those are very, very exciting and we believe will be very impactful for the company going forward. Kim? 

Kim Jabal, Director of Investor Relations 

I think that's it. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you everyone. That does conclude today's conference. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


