Q3 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Kerri Thurston, Investor Relations Manager 
• Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer 
• Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
Other Participants 

• Mark Sue 
• Jonathan Goldberg 
• Amir Rozwadowski 
• Thomas Lee 
• Rich Valera 
• James Faucette 
• Yair Reiner 
• Jeff Rath 
• Pablo Perez-Fernandez 
• Jeff Evanson 
• J.B. Groh 
• Tavis McCourt 
• Scott Sutherland 
• Woo Jin Ho 
• Ben Bollin 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Garmin Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is 
being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn things over to Ms. Kerri Thurston, Director of Investor Relations. 
Please go ahead ma'am. 

Kerri Thurston, Investor Relations Manager 

Thank you, Aron. Good morning. We'd like to welcome you to Garmin Limited Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Call. 
Please note that a copy of the press release concerning this earnings call is available at Garmin's Investor Relations 
website on the internet at www.garmin.com/stock. 

Additionally, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet. Please note that this webcast does include slides, which 
can be viewed during the call. An archive of the webcast will be available until December 3, 2010, and a transcript of 
the call will be available on the website under the Events Calendar tab. 

This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its 
business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market shares, product 
introductions, future demand for our products, and forward-looking objectives are forward-looking statements. The 


forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur and actual results could differ 
materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. 

Information concerning our risk factors is contained in our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 2010 filed with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission. Attending this call on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Cliff Pemble, 
President and Chief Operating Officer; and Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. The presenters for 
this morning's call are Cliff Pemble and Kevin Rauckman. 

At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Cliff. 

Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer 

Good morning, everyone. I will begin my remarks with highlights from our earnings press release followed by more 
detailed comments by segment. Our third quarter results included revenue and operating income growth in the 
Outdoor/Fitness, Marine and Aviation segments. We sold 3.8 million units in the quarter, which represents 
year-over-year decline of 1%. 

Auto PND unit volume was weaker, however, this was offset by increased volumes in OEM and nüvifone, and our 
other business segments also contributed with increased unit volumes. In our Outdoor/Fitness division, we acquired one 
of the leading innovators of cycle power MetriGear. We're excited about the addition of MetriGear to the Garmin 
family, and I'll provide additional details on what this means for our Fitness division later in my remarks. 

During the quarter, we redeployed nüvifone R&D resources, effectively winding down our activities targeted towards 
handset development. These resources are now focused on other growth segments of our business including Auto 
OEM, Outdoor/Fitness and mobile applications. 

Finally, we generated $195 million in free cash flow during the quarter, strengthening our balance sheet, and we 
repurchased 4.3 million shares of our stock. Moving now to segment highlights. In our Marine segment, we reported 
year-over-year revenue growth of 1%, which fell below our expectations and represented a significant slowdown from 
the robust pace of growth reported during the second quarter. 

The momentum that we experienced in the second quarter faded shortly after the July 4th holiday, and this experience 
was shared by many of our OEM and retail partners. 

We expect weaker trends to continue in the fourth quarter, however, we believe our full-year results will be in line with 
our earlier projections. 

Despite the weakness in revenue growth, we experienced healthy growth in operating income over Q3 of last year, 
driven by higher gross margins as well as reduced expenses within the segment. We remain focused on expanding our 
product offerings and gaining additional share in both the retail and OEM markets, as we believe this segment offers 
strong long-term growth and profit potential. 

Highlighting progress in the OEM category, Garmin was selected by the American Boatbuilders Association as a 
preferred supplier of choice. This selection improves our business relationship with the 13 member OEMs who 
collectively produce more than 15% of all boats, 16 feet or larger in North America. 

Also in the quarter, we introduced our first sailboat-specific autopilot, which expands our addressable market in the 
Marine segment. The GHP 12 is designed primarily for sailboats, 20 to 70 feet in length and operates on the NMEA 
2000 network for easy installation and configuration. 

Moving next to Aviation, revenue grew 4% year-over-year driven by growth in both portable and OEM product lines. 
Our operating income grew a respectable 40% on improved gross margins and through operating leverage in the 
segment. 


For the year, we have experienced growth both in OEM and retrofit product lines, despite indicators, which show that 
recovery of the Aviation market lags that of the general economy. We remain focused on opportunities such as 
expanding addressable markets with additional retrofit product offerings as well as expansion into the Part 25 business 
jet market. 

At the recent NBAA trade show, we announced the G5000 integrated cockpit system designed specifically for Part 25 
business jets. The G5000 meets the requirements of Part 25 operation, while offering all the features and ease of use 
that the aviation community expects to see from Garmin. We are delighted that our new system has already been 
selected by Cessna for the new Citation X business jet. 

The Citation X has a legacy of high performance, and this new model will exceed the credentials of its predecessor. We 
believe the G5000 is a wonderful complement to this already impressive aircraft. We also announced a new integrated 
cockpit for the King Air 300 and 350 series with certification planned in the mid 2011 timeframe. This retrofit program 
expands our addressable market for integrated cockpit systems and enables King Air owners to revitalize their aircraft 
with state-of-the-art avionics. 

Finally, we were pleased to be selected by Federal Express for a significant retrofit program. Over the next five years, 
FedEx plans to equip 250 Cessna Caravans with our G600 Aviation suite. This retrofit will be a welcomed 
enhancement for FedEx pilots, and will help FedEx further leverage their investment in this workhorse aircraft 
platform. 

Turning next to the Outdoor/Fitness segment, we achieved year-over-year revenue growth of 9% which was 
sequentially lower than previous quarters due to the stronger comparables we faced from Q3 and Q4 of 2009. This 
segment again posted strong operating margin performance, coming in at 47% for third quarter and operating income 
grew 28% on stronger revenues and gross margin. 

Ongoing growth in this segment combined with a strong margin profile allowed it to contribute 41% of consolidated 
operating income for the quarter. We're excited about the Outdoor/Fitness segment as we approach the holiday selling 
season as our suite of product offerings are stronger than it has ever been. We have a strong number of exciting 
introductions that I'll highlight shortly. 

However, with the strong comparables of 2009, revenue growth will be below levels experienced in the first half of this 
year. As mentioned earlier, during the quarter, we acquired MetriGear, the inventors of an innovated new our solution 
for cyclists known as Vector. The Vector solution allows power to be measured at the pedals which simplifies the 
installation and enhances the utility of information provided to the rider. 

New products from this acquisition are expected to be introduced in the back half of 2011. During the quarter, we 
announced some new exciting products for the cycling and running market in time for the holiday season. For the 
runners, we introduced the Forerunner 210 and 410. The 210 builds on the simplicity of the successful Forerunner 110 
adding training features and alerts. The 410 builds on our best-selling Forerunner 405 product line with improved touch 
bezel and significant software enhancements including customization of training pages and advanced workout 
capabilities. 

And for cyclists, we introduced the Edge 800, which features the 2.6-inch color touch screen display. The device can be 
customized with various mapping options to meet the needs of each customer. It will track speed, distance, time, 
position, elevation, calories, climb and descent, then download all this data via our ANT+ wireless networks to the 
Garmin Connect Fitness portal for customer review and analysis, making this the most robust cycling computer in the 
market today. 

In the Auto/Mobile segment, we experienced a 19% year-over-year revenue decline driven by declines in both unit 
volume and ASP. Looking back, the Q3 2009 ASP was positively impacted by the timing of new product releases, 
product mix as well as strong map and accessory sales. While the latest market research is not yet available, we believe 
our trends in unit volume were favorable to the overall market trends planning to increase global market share. 


We experienced strong triple-digit revenue growth in OEM products, which helped to partially offset the decline in 
PNDs. I will highlight some of the good news we see in the OEM market in just a moment. As mentioned earlier, we 
redeployed our mobile handset R&D throughout the organization, which will help us bring new products to market 
faster, and will help us explore new market opportunities. Garmin will expand its mobile handset application 
development and will offer navigation and other applications through a variety of application stores. 

Looking forward, we expect the PND market to continue contraction in the fourth quarter driven by market saturation 
as well as substitute solutions. While this is not an exciting news for investors, we are confident this business segment 
will continue to generate strong cash flow going forward. We will continue to focus on maintaining our market share 
on new opportunities in emerging markets and growing our share of business with OEMs. 

Last year, Chrysler announced the availability of Garmin Navigation in the 2011 Jeep Grand Cherokee and we are 
pleased to report that this relationship has been expanded to include additional makes and models in the Chrysler 
lineup, including the new Dodge Charger and many others. We will be providing further details on the expanded 
relationship in weeks to come. We also announced the extension of our relationship with Suzuki, who will offer our 
nüvi 1690 Connected Navigation device in their 2011 Grand Vitara and SX4 SUVs. Connected Navigation provides 
drivers with access to all the premium navigation service offerings including real-time traffic, weather, fuel prices, and 
Google local search. 

Finally, I would like to update you on our 2010 guidance. On the top line, the revenue range has been lowered to $2.65 
to $2.75 billion based on the softness in the PND and Marine markets. However, the gross and operating margin ranges 
have been raised to reflect continued strong margin performance for the total company. 

The pro forma EPS range, excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange and one-time tax reversal, is $2.70 to 
$2.90 for the year. This concludes my business update. And next, I'll turn the call over to Kevin who will walk us 
through our financial results in more detail. Thank you. 

Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to start with the income statement for the third quarter. As you saw in 
the press release, we announced revenue of 692 million, net income of 280 million with a pro forma EPS of $0.70 per 
share, which excludes our foreign currency gain and one-time tax adjustment during the period. 

Revenues decreased 11% year-over-year. Our gross margin came in at 49.7%, a 280 basis point decline from the prior 
year. We announced operating margins of 24.1%, which was down from last year of 30.3%. Our gross margin, as I 
said, was 280 basis points favorable; however, advertising was flat as a percentage of sales, and down 5 million on a 
year-over-year basis. SG&A costs was 50 basis points unfavorable, and down 4 million on a year-over-year basis. And 
R&D was 290 basis points unfavorable, up 13 million over the year ago quarter. 

The pro forma EPS of $0.70 represents a 31% decrease year-over-year on declining revenues and margins, and an 
increase to 22% of our effective tax rate. In the third quarter, we reversed significant tax reserves recorded for 2006 to 
2008 based on the completion of review by various tax authorities and the expiration of the statute to limitations. 

This is a credit of 400 – excuse me, 114 million or $0.59 of diluted EPS. Excluding the one-time tax reversal, we 
expect our full year tax rate to be approximately 20%. Units shipped during the year were down – during the quarter – 
were down 1% year-over-year, as 3.8 million units were delivered during the quarter. The total company average 
selling price was $182 per unit, down 10% from a very strong ASP in 2009. But this ASP was flat sequentially as 
pricing continues to stabilize in the Auto/Mobile segment. 

The Auto/Mobile ASP decreased 15% compared to prior year to $149 from $175 a unit. The Auto/Mobile ASP was up 
slightly on a sequential basis from $144 a unit to $149 a unit. The non-GAAP measures that we reported represent net 
income per share excluding the effect of foreign currency translation in the current quarter and 2010 year-to-date, also 
using the impact of a one-time reversal of tax reserve. 


This impact was $0.73 per share unfavorable during the third quarter this year and $0.05 per share unfavorable for third 
quarter last year. Moving next, a look at revenue by segment. During Q3, we experienced a 19% revenue decrease 
within the Auto/Mobile segment due to a significant year-over-year decline in ASPs as we comped against a very 
strong Q3 in 2009 when we refreshed our full line of PNDs. 

Our Outdoor/Fitness segment continued to grow with a 9% revenue increase when compared to Q3 of '09 on the 
strength of our Fitness category. Aviation segment revenues increased 4% compared to Q3 2009 as we continue to 
certify additional aircraft platforms. 

Marine segment revenues increased 1% compared to Q3 '09 as our industry, Marine industry, recovery faltered. And in 
total, our revenues decreased 11% during the third quarter. Year-to-date our revenues are down 2% with growth across 
all segments other than our Auto/Mobile business. During Q3, North America and Europe declined, while Asia 
continued to post growth. Our North America business represents 60% of revenue in Q3 compared to 65% in the third 
quarter of '09. 

Europe increased from 30% to 31% of total business and Asia from 5% to 9% in the same time period. The 
Auto/Mobile segment represented 64% of our total business during Q3 of 2010 down from 70% in 2009. 
Outdoor/Fitness grew to 21% of revenues in the quarter, a 4% increase from 2009. 

Looking next at our operating income by segment. While the Auto/Mobile segment represented 64% of our total 
revenue during Q3, it represented only 40% of our operating income in the quarter due to the lower margin profile of 
this segment. 

The operating income contribution of the Outdoor/Fitness, Marine and Aviation segments were 41%, 10% and 9% 
respectively. So in total, these segments contributed 60% of our Q3 operating income in 2010, and 62% of 2010 
year-to-date operating income. We expect operating income to continue to be weighted toward our non-Auto/Mobile 
segments going forward. 

Looking next at the margin results by segment; Q3 Auto/Mobile gross margin and operating margin were 41% and 
15%, respectively. This was a significant decline to 2009 levels, when we had extremely high ASPs and margins 
associated with the full product refresh. Margins in the segment were also negatively impacted by the losses sustained 
in the mobile handset business. We do expect improved operating margins in the fourth quarter. 

Q3 Outdoor/Fitness gross margin was 66%, up from 63% last year due to product mix. Operating margins remain very 
strong at 47% and increased from 40% in the year ago quarter due to the gross margin increased and improved leverage 
of our operating expenses. Q3 Marine gross margin was 60% compared to 54% in the year ago quarter as product mix 
shifted toward our high-end chartplotters and networked Marine solutions. 

Operating margin in Marine was 34% up from 26% a year ago driven primarily by strong gross margin. And finally, 
the Q3 Aviation gross margin remained at 70%, up from 67% in Q3 of '09. Operating margin was 27% for the quarter, 
up from 20% in the year ago quarter. The year-over-year improvement was primarily driven by one-time bad debt 
accrual in 2009 that did not repeat in 2010. 

Focusing next on our operating expense results; Q3 operating expenses increased by 4 million on a year-over-year basis 
from 173 million to 177 million this year, and increased 340 basis points as a percentage of sales. As I mentioned 
earlier, R&D increased 13 million year-over-year in Q3, and was up 290 basis points to 10% of sales. We employ over 
2,300 engineers and engineering associates worldwide, and remain committed to continued product innovation. 

Our advertising spending decreased 5 million over the year ago quarter, and was flat as a percentage of sales at 5.9%. 
We will continue to manage advertising expense based on market dynamics in various segments. SG&A decreased 4 
million compared to the year ago quarter and increased by 50 basis points to 9.7% of sales. The decrease was driven by 
efforts to reduce costs as revenues have recently declined. 

Looking next at the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of nearly 1.9 billion. Our 
accounts receivable increased to 525 million, representing approximately 66 days of sales, which is down slightly from 
71 days of sales in Q3 '09. Our inventory balances increased 135 million to 494 million as all categories of inventory 


grew. Our days of inventory metric was up to 140 days at the end of Q3 compared to 81 days at the end of Q3 '09. 

The inventory buildup was largely driven by lower than expected sales in Q3. We've already taken steps to slow 
production levels and ensure that our working capital is maximized as we exit the year. We ended the quarter with the 
following number of days of inventory, 128 million in raw materials, or 34 days, 43 million in WIP, or 12 days, 352 
million in finished goods, or 94 days, and we ended the quarter with 30 million in inventory reserves. 

As you saw in the press release, we continued to generate strong cash flow across our business as cash from operations 
was 204 million during Q3. We spent 10 million on CapEx during Q3 and our free cash flow was 195 million. Cash 
flow from investing used 13 million of cash during the quarter which is made up of 10 million in CapEx and 4 million 
net purchase of marketable securities. Financing activities used 138 million of cash during the quarter, which is 
primarily made up of stock repurchases throughout the period. And we earned an average of 1.2% on all cash and 
marketable securities during the third quarter. 

Finally, I'd like to talk about use of cash and taxes. During Q3, we repurchased 4.3 million shares of common stock for 
approximately 123.6 million. The repurchase plan of 300 million expires on – in December of 2011, and now has 
approximately 77 million available for repurchase. We also continued to evaluate a number of acquisition opportunities 
across our various business segments. 

In the third quarter, we reversed significant tax reserves recorded for 2006 to 2008 based on the completion of review 
by various tax authorities and the expiration of statute of limitations. This was a credit of 114 million. The normalized 
effective tax rate in Q3 was 22%. The increase from 18% effective tax rate in the first half the year was driven 
primarily by unfavorable mix of income among our taxing jurisdictions. So excluding the one-time tax reversal, we 
expect our full-year tax rate to be approximately 20%. 

This concludes our formal comments for the morning. We're to the point now we'd like to take any questions that you 
may have. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator instructions]. And first we'll go to Mark Sue of RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Thank you. Maybe if you can just give us your thoughts on how we should think about the PND 
market for next year? Do you think it's feasible that it can be down 19% or is that a worst case scenario? And then just 
separately, just your thoughts on R&D reallocation, how we might think of R&D planning next year? Or if you can just 
comment on your overall operating margins for 2011 and just kind of put some parameters there? Thank you. 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Yeah, thanks Mark. I think in terms of the PND 
market outlook for next year, we're evaluating that. I think there will be some new research coming out just shortly I 
think that 19% is more aggressive than what we believe the market conditions will be for next year in terms of units, if 
that was your question. We will see of course continued pressure on ASPs, which will impact our revenue. In terms of 
R&D investment, we are committed to scaling our resource to the markets and also pursuing new opportunities. So we 
would probably tend see our R&D investment probably would be flat to slightly down in the coming year. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Okay. So we should take all the nüvifone R&D, subtract a little bit and then reallocate that to the 
other growth segments? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: That's right. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Okay. That's helpful. And lastly just on the cash generation, maybe your early thoughts of what cash 
generations might be for next year considering your working capital requirements? 


<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: We haven't given any 2011 guidance, and you also 
asked earlier about operating margins. I think we'll – maybe let me address that first, then talk about cash flow. I think 
the operating margin this year will be between 24 and 25. We think that our gross margins given some of the mix shift 
into some of the other segments, outside of Auto/Mobile will actually allow our gross margin to stay relatively neutral 
or flat. 

And it just depends on when we come up with our final 2011 guidance in the next period, what happens to the 
Auto/Mobile market. But we still expect very strong operating margin within our business next year, which again then 
will drive, I think operating cash flow. This year, the numbers continue to stay about 200 million of free cash per 
quarter, which is – we feel very thankful for. I think the business will continue to generate a lot free cash in the future. 
We're not prepared at this point to give an exact number though. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Okay. Thank you gentlemen, and good luck. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Thanks, Mark. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Jonathan Goldberg with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: Hi. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Hello. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. First, just an accounting question. What 
happened to shareholders' equity, there is some readjustments there between paid-in capital and retained earnings? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Yeah. That literally was an impact due to the 
redomestication from the Cayman Islands, our parent company into Switzerland, and prior, we never had treasury 
shares. So you really just look at the treasury stock and retained earnings, and we have a movement from retained 
earnings up into equity as we increased our par value of our stock as a Swiss company. So it's literally just a movement 
from retained earnings up into equity. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: Okay. Then more a fundamental question, what happens to your cost structure on the fixed 
cost, variable cost breakdown for – as PNDs decline, right? Do we ever go through a period if declines are so sharp, 
that you sort of see a very strong, sharp crack in margins or do you think you can sort of manage it down gradually? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: I think from my earlier comments and to Cliff's 
answer, we are looking at R&D, for example, which has still been up year-over-year. We will look at that being flat to 
down next year. So again it depends on, if we get into a period where Auto/Mobile takes a steeper decline, we would 
have to take a look at our overall operating expenses and we are looking at that right now. So even with that said, I 
think we can still generate strong operating margin in a period where revenue declined in one of our key segments. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: My question is more on the COGS side of things. Is that -? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: COGS side. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: Is that still very flexible? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Yeah. I think we're flexible, and I think given the 
mix shift that we're expecting into some of the higher margin businesses with Outdoor/Fitness, Aviation and Marine, 
and I think our COGS we can manage that very well, because so much of our cost as you know is of the variable 
variety. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: Okay. Great. Thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Okay. 


Operator 

Our next question will come from Amir Rozwadowski with Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: Thank you very much, and good morning. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Good morning. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: Just switching a bit into sort of a near-term outlook, I was wondering Cliff or Kevin, what 
is the tenor of the conversations you're having with your promotional partners for promotions around the holiday 
season this year? And in thinking about how much weight they're going to be putting behind the category? That'd be 
helpful. 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: We still see a strong activity in the promotional plans 
coming up for Black Friday. So we are gearing up for supporting our retailers in their efforts. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: And then one of your competitors in the market has certainly made some commentary 
about expectations of strong share gains in North America during the holiday season, are you seeing any abnormal 
pricing trends or you folks planning on taking a different approach towards your pricing environment or your pricing 
promotions during the holiday season, Cliff? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Well, there's going to be some very low-cost deals 
out there that you will see and truthfully, that's a similar situation of what we saw last year. And we would expect with 
those kinds of promotional deals as well as all of the advertising that we would lose some share during the quarter. 
With that said, we feel like we have strong promotions as well, and I think it plays to the value in the brand value that 
we have with our product side in the market. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: So are expectations for a generally seasonal fourth quarter in terms of units, Cliff? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: I think, sequentially, you'll see that kind of 
seasonality very strong deliveries during the fourth quarter as retailers are stocking up, and anticipate a good holiday 
shopping season. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: Great. Thank you very much for the color. 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Thank you very much. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Thomas Lee with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Thomas Lee>: Hi, thanks for taking my call. First question was – in terms of how you allocate your costs both 
fixed and variable among the different businesses, I mean, is that very straightforward, I was wondering if you could 
provide a little bit color on kind of how you go about that process? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: You're not talking about COGS at this point, you 
are talking about the operating expenses within our business? 

<Q - Thomas Lee>: I guess, both. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: I think the cost of goods sold is, it is what it is on 
the business segment, and product – based on revenue. On the operating expense side, it literally has to do, we have 
pretty well defined businesses, and we have specific teams that are working on R&D projects within each of those 


segments and they get the full allocation. Based on the non-direct expenses, there are some allocations that go to some 
of these other segments or each segment, that's generally done on a percentage of sales basis. 

<Q - Thomas Lee>: Got you. What of those non-direct expenses, is that a fairly small amount? Can give us a sense -? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: I don't think we are willing to quantify what that 
is, but it is a fairly small amount, because again we have most of our resources that are directly allocated to the various 
projects and products within each of our business segments. 

<Q - Thomas Lee>: Got you. And then just on Auto/Mobile operating margin, so is the – along the lines of some of 
the prior questions, if the market let's say deteriorates maybe worse than maybe what you expect, I mean, where do you 
think operating margins in the Auto/Mobile business could go to? Can you give us a sense in terms of what – how you 
are thinking about that business from kind of floor perspective? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Well, I think we talked about earlier the 41% 
growth and 15% operating. But that actually factored in the nüvifone business, which will, as we mentioned, we are 
leaving that. So a more normalized level of Q3 margin would have been still 42% gross and 21% operating. So we still 
expect in the near term for those margins to be around that level, 40 and 20 on gross and operating. 

<Q - Thomas Lee>: Got you. And then just last question if I may on just your non-PND businesses. Can you remind 
us kind of what's seasonality in both Marine and Aviation? And can you – how do you expect those businesses to 
perform relative to historical seasonality? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Yeah. Sure. Both Outdoor/Fitness would be – they 
are consumer discretionary expense, or consumer discretionary revenue, and they would be increasing from Q3 to Q4 
as they go through the holiday season. Marine on the other hand is very seasonal, and we have much lower revenues 
expected in Q4 with Marine. And then as we get into the – looking at Aviation segment, typically Aviation is more 
linear throughout the year. We should expect some slight sequential increase just due to additional business that we 
won on the Aviation side. So Aviation should be up sequentially in Q4. I think those represent the major numbers. 

<Q - Thomas Lee>: Right. Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Rich Valera with Needham & Company. 

<Q - Rich Valera>: Thank you. I was hoping you could give a little more color on your increased investment in the 
application area. What are you looking at doing beyond a basic turn-by-turn application? It seems like it's been a pretty 
tough space for folks to make money, and just wondering what you think – what you are thinking about there? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Yeah, Rich. I think you're right. The application 
market is a very tough area. So we don't want anyone to misunderstand that there's a huge opportunity there. What we 
do wish to do is leverage our content assets and our brand and overall application expertise to be able to complement 
our overall product lines. And so it would be more targeted investments on a limited scope. 

<Q - Rich Valera>: Okay. That's helpful. And Kevin, on tax rate for next year, should we think of it consistent with 
the 20% expected this year, or might that go up as more shifts towards, more income shifts towards perhaps the U.S.? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Yeah, I think that's – trend wise it will depend on 
the overall revenues in our business, and in general though, I'd expect 20% in that range, could be slightly up, could be 
22%, somewhere there in that neighborhood. We don't expect at this point that it will be down in the lower ranges 
where we were earlier in the year. 

<Q - Rich Valera>: Okay. Thank you. 


Operator 

Moving on, we'll go to James Faucette with Pacific Crest. 

<Q - James Faucette>: Thanks very much. First, just a question on Outdoor and Fitness. Year-over-year at least you 
saw a much slower rate of growth in that segment than we have seen over the last little while. And you also indicated 
that in your – in the prepared commentary that fourth quarter Outdoor and Fitness probably wouldn't see the growth 
rate levels that we saw earlier in the year at least. Can you just talk about how we should calibrate our expectations for 
growth in Outdoor and Fitness in the fourth quarter and going forward? And if you can, just talk about maybe what 
impacted the growth rates positively and negatively for that segment in the third quarter? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: I think let's, first let's step back and look at what 
happened in Q3, and as we've said, the Fitness category really still drove the growth of 9% in that segment. And 
actually if you look at units, our Fitness units still grew at a 30% plus growth rate. ASPs were actually down, because 
as we've told, I think you all – in the analyst community, we've told you that we've wanted to move from just a 
premium product, and we've moved down to the lower price points with the Forerunner 110 and other products like 
that. 

So just due to mix shift and moving into those lower price points, our ASPs did come down. So units were up very 
strongly still in Fitness, and we also saw growth in just the Outdoor category. 

And moving forward into Q4, as I said, it's still a holiday season, and we still expect double-digit number growth on 
Fitness. Outdoor will be more moderated, probably close to flat on revenue growth there. But the combined segment 
will still see good growth in Q4. And then again in 2011, we expect again solid revenue growth in this segment as well. 

<Q - James Faucette>: Great. And then I just wanted to ask a follow-up question as it related to inventories, you gave 
a rough outline of why there was the increase in inventories, but a couple of questions related to that. First, what – 
where the problem areas, if you will? And second, how should we expect you to dispose of or to take care of those 
inventory levels, and I guess particular concern would be around potential impact on pricing, et cetera, going forward? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Well, first of all we factored in our inventory 
levels into whatever pricing and promotion we would have in Q4. But the key problem area was where we missed in 
sales in Q3 and that was in our Auto/Mobile segment, primarily PND products. So as I said, we're starting to – we've 
adjusted our production plans, and we're working through the expectations in our working capital right now to bring 
those inventories more in line with what we would see at the end of the year. I think the nice thing as we look at the 
retail channel, the retail inventories have not significantly ramped up, they've enabled us to hold fairly steady 
throughout the year at least as we have gone through the last Q2 and Q3. So we feel like we can manage the inventory 
levels as they stand today, and fell like we have the appropriate reserves on the books for that. 

<Q - James Faucette>: Great, thanks very much. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Yair Reiner with Oppenheimer & Co. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: Great, thank you. The question was – quick question first on Garmin phone. Can you give us a 
rough idea of how much it contributed to 3Q, and if you expect to have any revenues from the product in the fourth 
quarter? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Well, the total revenue was roughly about $25 
million in terms of revenue. And we would expect I think just a small amount of revenues as we go into Q4, but 


essentially since we've made a decision to move on, we will not be shipping many more units into the channel during 
Q4. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: Got it. And then does the operating expense level of 3Q already kind of build in any cost savings 
you'll have from ending that project or is there going to be a lower base level that we will see starting in the fourth 
quarter? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Well, it has factored in the fact that we have made 
a decision to break and move more into mobile apps. And as Cliff mentioned, we are moving some of those – many of 
those resources into our other business segments. I think with the exception of increased advertising, cooperative 
advertising during the holiday season, we should be able to hold the line pretty well on operating expenses as we go 
through Q4. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: Great, then just one final quick one. What are channel inventories like for Outdoor/Fitness and for 
Marine? Are inventories lean where you could be – could have a nice buildup in the fourth quarter or they kind of right 
sized right now? Thank you. 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: I think they're generally at the right level here. There 
is definitely going to be some increased shipments for Outdoor and Fitness. Marine, I would say is probably not as 
affected by the increase in seasonality. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: Thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: All right. Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Jeff Rath with Canaccord. 

<Q - Jeff Rath>: Great, thanks guys. First question I had was just around the embedded or OEM automotive 
opportunity. How should we think about this business opportunity in the context of sort of the declining PND market? 
Is there any context you can give us around unit potential, potential for more deals, overall mix shift as we think about 
2011 as far as maybe ASPs impact on margins? Any context there would be helpful. Thanks. 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Yeah. I think maybe I'd start, Jeff, just by saying that 
this business is definitely a long design cycle business. And so some of the things that were – are visible in the market 
today, do take months or in the case of a real tier 1 or tier 2, take years to develop. So I think in terms of the business 
going forward, you would see a gradual ramp up of opportunities as we're getting design wins and then executing on 
those. 

In terms of units, I think it's – you can look at that total production of cars and realize that the consumer market in 
terms of volumes is much bigger than the unit opportunities in the cars. With that said, we believe that there are good 
opportunities with kind of mid-level margin expectations, not terribly high because it's a very competitive market and it 
does also does require a lot of investment on our part. 

<Q - Jeff Rath>: Just a follow-on question, if I can, around the nüvifone, Cliff? Looking back at when you decided to 
enter into that market and now you've decided to exit. Just I wonder if you could share with us any thoughts on just 
what you learned as a part of that attempt? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Well, there's obviously lots of things that you can 
learn in any situation. I think we definitely saw how the smartphone market exploded and I think even for a lot of 
experts in the industry, the uptake of smart phones and the way consumers have embraced, especially certain iconic 
type of products and brands has been beyond expectations. So it's a fast moving market, very exciting market, we felt 
and still believe that we created a great product, in fact, our product is in use in our enterprises system here at Garmin 
by many of our associates and it does a great job. But obviously, it is our business with a lot of high stakes and requires 


big scale to be successful. 

<Q - Jeff Rath>: Got it. And I guess last question Kevin, just a financial one for me. As your business segments start 
to mature, how should we think about your overall tax shields in some of these emerging markets? As you become 
more generating cash and maybe less CapEx investments going forward at least for some period of time, is there a 
potential for your sort of consolidated tax rates to start to creep higher here? Any commentary there would be helpful. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Well, on an earlier question, we did address that. 
We would expect that – again depending – a lot of what impacts the tax rate is the volume level and which was one of 
the things we talked about in the various taxing jurisdictions. So we do have some very strong tax holidays still in 
Taiwan, which are helping us. But those are all factored into number. So again if the tax rate moves, I would expect it 
to be fairly modest, still from like 20% up to maybe 22% in the next year. Other than that, I think we've managed the 
taxation. We do pay millions of dollars of taxes in every jurisdiction they're running now. So just managing that based 
on our volumes is the key. 

<Q - Jeff Rath>: I'm sorry. The last question here is Outdoor and Fitness. Can you offer us what you – we should think 
about are your target gross margin and op margins? I mean that's been exceeding, I think, those levels for some time. 
Can you remind us just what your target margins there are? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Well, I think our gross margin being in the 
mid-60s is still kind of our targeted number and the fact that we've actually exceeded recently our operating margins, at 
47% is a very high number. I think we can still sustain operating margins in this business depending on how 
competitive it becomes on Fitness in particular above 40% for the near term, but hard to know the exact number based 
on some of the product mix shifts that we're going to experience. 

<Q - Jeff Rath>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Okay. We'll go now to Pablo Perez with MKM Partners. 

<Q - Pablo Perez-Fernandez>: Hello, yes, I had a couple of questions. I wanted start with the PND business. When I 
looked at your guidance for the overall company, the implied guidance for 4Q is a bit weak. And so the question is, did 
you see – can you give us more color and explain what you were seeing in sell-through versus shipments into the 
channel? And was there any indication that the channel for PNDs may have been pulling or drawing down on 
inventory, because of being conservative? Or was it mainly an issue with sell-through of your products? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: I think in terms of the channel behavior, Pablo, I 
think we have seen a sell-through decline beginning about mid-year right around the first of July. Previous to that, I 
think we've told the market that in North America, we've definitely seen continued growth in the market, which seemed 
to be a positive sign. But it did round the top at about the end of Q2 and the trends have been showing somewhere in 
the five to 10% sell-through decline during the third quarter and probably will extend into the fourth quarter. 

I think in terms of whether we're pulling or drawing down inventories, I think in general, we feel like the channel 
inventory right now is about right. We feel like the sell-in probably reflected the software sell-through and we would 
expect seasonally to increase for fourth quarter, but keeping in mind that the trends are soft in terms of overall 
sell-through right now. 

<Q - Pablo Perez-Fernandez>: Okay. On the second question, one thing that seems to be a bright point is your 
In-Dash business. And so I was wondering how should we think as we model past this year. How In-Dash should be 
offsetting declines in the PNDs? Is there – should we be thinking about a two-year timeframe when most of the current 
PNDs could be taken over by In-Dash growth or is that too early to know how it's going to go? 


<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: That's pretty long term. We definitely aren't able to 
provide that kind of guidance at this moment. I would say that while we see softness in T&D, we still believe that there 
is utility and value in the T&D solution and we believe the market will seek its own level in terms of unit volumes and 
we still believe it's a very valid category. 

<Q - Pablo Perez-Fernandez>: Okay. And finally very quickly. You are reallocating R&D from the phone division to 
other parts of the company. You have mentioned your mobile application strategy. Is the R&D reallocation mostly for 
application development or are we going to look at leveraging the OS know-how that you have developed to the other 
divisions of the company? Or is it just mainly application development? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Actually, most of the reallocation went to other areas 
of the company. Mobile applications, we see some specific opportunity there. But as I mentioned, there's a reality to 
what the level of business can be. So we want to be conservative in our investment there, while increasing our 
investment in various OEM opportunities across the company. 

<Q - Pablo Perez-Fernandez>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Next to Jeff Evanson with Dougherty & Company. 

<Q - Jeff Evanson>: Hello, everybody. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Hi, Jeff. 

<Q - Jeff Evanson>: Cliff, I guess is you've made the decision to exit the mobile business, I'm sure that was a hard 
decision. And I guess I would be curious to know how is the company thinking about its core strengths, weaknesses 
that might need to shore up and its growth strategy going forward including thoughts about any potential modifications 
to the management team? If you could just talk about the thinking going on at the company that would be great? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: We still see good opportunities for growth in all of 
our traditional segments, Jeff. I think in everyone of them outside of the Auto/Mobile category, we see clear 
opportunities not only for an incremental growth just based on new users coming into the market and replacement 
trends. But also adjacent kind of product categories that we've been known to develop over the years. So we're pursuing 
those. We see strong opportunities in all kinds of OEM across our business, Aviation and Marine and Auto/Mobile, and 
we're investing in those as well. As far as management changes, there is really nothing that we are considering at this 
time, and we are in the mode of building more management strength to our team, but as far as changes go, there is 
nothing. 

<Q - Jeff Evanson>: You mentioned replacement cycle, what kind of replacement activity do you think is coming 
through in the PND market right now? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Probably around 30%. 

<Q - Jeff Evanson>: Okay. All right. Thank you. 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go to J.B. Groh with D.A. Davidson. 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: Thanks guys for taking my call. Kevin, I had a question on cash flow deployment. You did a couple 
small acquisitions here in the last few months. Can you talk about kind of the plans for cash, doesn't seem like there is a 
huge CapEx need right now? 


<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Yeah. I think I probably didn't address that well 
enough in a prior question. CapEx is not going to be a large drain on our cash flow. It's never been a largely capital 
intensive business, but I think given where we are in the maturing end markets, we would expect CapEx to be 50 
million or below in the next couple of years. In terms of use of cash, I think you pointed out, we have acquired couple 
of small deals, relatively small on use of cash with our Norway distributor, and also MetriGear, the fitness company. 

And we're still, we're always looking for good tuck-in acquisitions, technology-based across all business segments. So 
that's still a key part of our strategy. But other than that, as you've seen, we've been committed to stock buyback this 
year. We've also continued to pay a dividend. I think depending on the potential changes on the treatment of tax on 
dividends, we'd still like to be a company that pays dividends back to the shareholders with a strong dividend yield. 
Specifics of how and how much, when we pay a dividend, how much, I think are dependent on some of those 
upcoming tax changes on the dividend payment. 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: Could you give us maybe a view as to what the capacity utilization is, I mean, with PND market 
going down, how does that look? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Well, again our unit volumes are really down only 
1% year-over-year, and so, we are still consuming a lot of our capacity. And as we've told you in the past, we have 
ability to be very agile in how we scale our resources. So we're not concerned about that. 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: Okay. Thanks a lot for taking the time. I'm sorry about the bad connection – blame it on my iconic 
smartphone not made by you. 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Thanks, J.B. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Thanks, J.B. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Tavis McCourt with Morgan Keegan. 

<Q - Tavis McCourt>: Hi, guys this is Tavis. The – I want to dig a little bit more into the Outdoor/Fitness market. 
Obviously, the growth was little slower this quarter, but it's been growing tremendously now for several years with 
high margins. I was wondering – what I was wondering is, are there new categories that you can launch within this to 
really drive more growth in the future? I mean, it started out with more kind of an Outdoor business, and you kind of 
kept on launching kind of more and more subcategories over time, which have obviously proven to be quite successful. 
Is there a strategy there to continue to do that and kind move beyond, I don't know how you look at it now, whether – in 
the Fitness category, you've got running and biking, but are there other things you can move into that you can earn 
these types of margins on? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: I think we have – there's definitely other areas that 
we're pursuing, really won't comment on the specifics right now. But in terms of the margin structure, I think we see 
the opportunity to move down market, which would probably be a lower margin structure on the Fitness side and we 
also see adjacent kind of product categories in both of these segments, Outdoor and Fitness, these subsegments of the 
consolidated Outdoor/Fitness area where we can grow new revenues. 

<Q - Tavis McCourt>: And then you may have mentioned this earlier in the call, and I missed it. I think you said that 
PND ASP, I don't know if you mentioned it, but can you talk about the ASP trend year-over-year? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Well, ASP trend year-over-year for the... I think, 
we're still expecting down around 10% for the full year. 

<Q - Tavis McCourt>: Okay. 


<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: I think we... as we mentioned several times, we 
had a tough comp in Q3 over Q3 last year. But if you look at sequentially, we did see ASPs come up a little bit in Q3, 
but going into Q4, we should expect those to come down like they typically do in a holiday season, but overall still 
down 10% for the year. 

<Q - Tavis McCourt>: And do you expect any change in your strategy as this business matures of being kind of the 
price premium product out there or does it make sense to get – when you kind look at various channel now, you've got 
competitors that are at relatively much lower prices now. Does it ever make sense for you guys to get more price 
competitive or are you happy with the way you're able to maintain margins as the category matures? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: We've faced price competitors all through the 
cycle of this business. So I don't really feel like the situation we're in today is any different than what we faced before. 

<Q - Tavis McCourt>: Okay. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: All right, thanks Tavis. 

Operator 

We'll go to Scott Sutherland with Wedbush Securities. 

<Q - Scott Sutherland>: Great. Thank you and good morning, everyone. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Good morning. 

<Q - Scott Sutherland>: Maybe a couple follow-up questions, kind of back to the Outdoor/Fitness. What do you see 
as potentially expansion in regional opportunities there and maybe you can touch on one adjacent market, the 
Geocacher market, you have some new products there, can that drive some of the Outdoor GPS products a little bit 
higher? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Yes. So emerging opportunities, I'm not sure if 
you're thinking about categories or -? 

<Q - Scott Sutherland>: I'm sorry, international or regions, how you've done in the PND market moving to Asia and 
other markets, what do you see regionally as still penetration opportunities in Outdoor/Fitness? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Yeah, actually we've seen a strong growth in Asia in 
the Fitness area, especially Australia as we've been embraced by some of the major local resale chains focusing on the 
Fitness market. We also see opportunities in South America, and Eastern Europe is growing as well. So we see 
definitely a lot of opportunities in emerging markets for Fitness and across our business as well. 

In terms of things like Geocaching, we actually are very active in the Geocaching area, and typically our products have 
been highly embraced by geocachers. We recently introduced a interesting geocaching tool called chirp, which allows a 
new kind of cache to be hidden and gives people the ability to find caches through a wireless beacon method. So we're 
excited about that, and we think it could generate some additional excitement in the Geocaching community. 

<Q - Scott Sutherland>: As to your In-Dash opportunity or In-Dash OEM opportunity in the Auto/Mobile. This is the 
first time I think you've actually really highlighted the growth in the opportunities there. You have close to 40% market 
share in PNDs, do you think you can get close to that or have the opportunity to get close to that in the In-Dash 
opportunity or do you see it's smaller than that? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: I think it's a pretty tough challenge to have that kind 
of market share in the In-Dash. There's a large field of entrenched suppliers into that market, and very fragmented and 
different OEMs have their various preferred suppliers. But we're replicating the model that we've done in some of our 
other business segments where we chip away at opportunities, and we're able to win the trust of key providers and thus 
get our product designed in. 


<Q - Scott Sutherland>: All right, maybe get in more detail, you kind of see the early stage of design wins that kind of 
start a couple years in advance. Do you think this is sizable, maybe a 10% market share for you guys or are you willing 
to give some range at this point? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Probably not. I think the opportunities tend to be by 
car models and they tend to have long cycles as we've been saying and it would be difficult to project a share at this 
point. 

<Q - Scott Sutherland>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: All right. 

Operator 

Our next question is from Woo Jin Ho with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Woo Jin Ho>: Great. Thank you. Cliff, as you enter the apps market, how should we think about pricing in the 
Navigation application, as it relates to overall PNDs? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Well, applications, as you know, are very 
competitive and they range anywhere from almost free or a small monthly type of fee up to maybe $40, $50 or beyond. 
But those are below the ASPs of PNDs, obviously. 

<Q - Woo Jin Ho>: Right. But are you going to price to essentially expand your end user reach or are you going to 
price to protect the PND pricing model that you have currently? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: I think we'll be competitive, there wouldn't really any 
be a good point to protect PNDs, because the application is already out there and so any substitution is going to take 
place regardless of how we price. 

<Q - Woo Jin Ho>: Got it. Thanks. And in terms of the Aviation market, you announced the G5000 and now your 
OEM'ed at the high-end of Cessna's business jet portfolio. Plus, you have the G1000 bracketing the low end. How 
should we think about the opportunity at Cessna? Number one. And number two, can you discuss in greater detail the 
OEM design-in pipeline? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Yes, so Cessna, we've announced the Citation X and 
that's going to be a 2013 offering. That's really all of the announced business right now. So I really can't comment on 
any others at the moment. In terms of the other OEM pipeline, I would say, it's strong at the moment and we're very 
busy working on several opportunities. 

<Q - Woo Jin Ho>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

And our final question comes from Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research. 

<Q - Ben Bollin>: All right, good morning, thank you. When you look at the In-Dash opportunity with the Auto 
OEMs, how does the gross margin and operating margin profile of that business compare with the traditional 
Auto/Mobile business? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: I think it's definitely lower than what we've 
experienced in the other Auto/Mobile business. The market's very competitive and also requires significant investment 
in R&D to be able to bring these products to market. So both the gross margin and the operating margin would be 
lower. 


<Q - Ben Bollin>: And then can you quantify it all how big, you said it was up triple digits in the quarter, can you 
quantify how much or what percentage of revenue it represents for you thus far? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Well, we haven't given it, we don't break it down, 
other than that I would say, the Auto/Mobile segment is still significantly a PND business for us. At this point, just say 
that the Auto/Mobile revenues are going to be under 100 million this year. And then as we experience growth in this 
business in a couple of years, clearly that will be a larger part of the Auto/Mobile segment. 

<Q - Ben Bollin>: Okay. Cost was another item that you've discussed a lot in the past. Can you say what your major 
bill of material costs have done here in 2010, what you're seeing and any expectations you have going into 2011? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Yeah. Particularly on the PND, we've talked about 
pricing being down about 10%, actually our costs haven't quite tracked at that level. They are in single digits, we have 
seen cost reductions in total, but not quite into the 10% range at this point. 

<Q - Ben Bollin>: And any thoughts into 2011 on how that might trend? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Well, I think we always want to generate cost 
reductions across-the-board, I think the difference between pricing and costing should be fairly neutral as we go into 
2011, but we're not prepared to talk about any specific numbers at this point. 

<Q - Ben Bollin>: Okay. And my last question. Looking at gross margins in the Auto/Mobile business in 3Q, it was 
down sequentially in year-on-year and the sequential ASPs actually improved. What was the big driver to the 
sequential deterioration for gross margins in calendar 3Q? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Again you're looking Q2 to Q3 or year-over-year? 

<Q - Ben Bollin>: Yeah, Q2 to Q3. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: I think it literally just had to do with the – product, 
mix of products that we sold, the nüvi 12, 1300 and 1400, and then also the lower end nüvi 205, so that – the mix shift 
changed just a little bit to drive the operating and gross margins down from Q2 to Q3. It was about three percentage 
points essentially if you factor out the warranty adjustment that we had in Q2. 

<Q - Ben Bollin>: Thank you. 

Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Okay. I think that ends the question-and-answer period. So thanks everyone for your interest and we'll be talking 
further as we go through the rest of the year. Thank you. 

Operator 

And once again ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our conference. Thank you all for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 


© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


