Q3 2008 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Kerri Thurston, Investor Relations 
• Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer 
• Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Vivek Arya 
• Amir Rozwadowski 
• Mark Sue 
• John Bright 
• Richard Valera 
• Jonathan Goldberg 
• Yair Reiner 
• Peter Friedland 
• Jim Duffy 
• Jeff Evanson 
• Scott Sutherland 
• J.B. Groh 
• Benjamin Bollin 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Chandra, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to 
welcome everyone to the Third Quarter 2008 Earnings Call for Garmin Limited. All lines have been placed on mute to 
prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be question-and-answer section. [Operator 
Instructions]. Thank you. 

Ms. Thurston, you may begin ma'am. 

Kerri Thurston, Investor Relations 

Good morning. We'd like to welcome you to Garmin Limited's Third Quarter 2008 Earnings Call. Please note that a 
copy of the press release concerning this earnings call is available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the internet at 
www.garmin.com/stock. Additionally, this call is being broadcast live on the internet. Please note that this webcast 
does include slides, which can be viewed during the call. An archive of the webcast will be available until November 
28, 2008, and a telephone recording will be available two business days following this call, and a transcript of the call 
will be available on the website within 48 hours under the Event Calendar tab. 

This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its 
business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market shares, product 
introductions, future demand for our products, and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking 


events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a 
result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K for the 
fiscal year ended December 29, 2007 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Attending on behalf of Garmin this morning are Dr. Min Kao, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Cliff Pemble, 
President and Chief Operating Officer; Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; and Andrew Etkind, 
General Counsel. The presenters for this morning's call are Cliff Pemble and Kevin Rauckman. 

At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble. 

Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer 

Good morning. As you've read from our press release this morning, Garmin achieved record third quarter of revenues 
driven by double-digit consolidated revenue growth. Financial highlights from Q3 include revenue growth of 19% to 
$870 million, with solid double-digit revenue growth in the automotive and outdoor/fitness segments. 

We generated growth in both North America and Europe, where we experienced revenue growth of 29% and 10% 
year-over-year respectively. Gross margins came in at 44%, which is down 150 basis points sequentially and down 260 
basis points year-over-year, but exceeded our earlier expectations as ASP declines moderated, and price reductions 
were largely offset by lower product cost. We also achieved strong operating margins of 25%. 

Some notable business highlights for the quarter include: expansion of our worldwide leadership position in the PND 
[personal navigation device] market with approximately 54% share in North America and greater than 20% share in 
Europe; consolidated shipments exceeding 3.9 million units in the quarter resulting in a year-over-year growth rate of 
43% across all of our business segments. While the growth rate is down from what it was a year ago, this remains an 
impressive growth rate for any consumer electronics category. 

The outdoor business segment continues to outperform our original expectations on the strength of our new products, 
combined with increased interest in outdoor activities. 

Turning next to segment highlights, in the automotive and mobile segments, revenue grew 21% driven by strong unit 
growth and moderating price declines. We continue to have the most popular lineup of products in the more rapidly 
growing U.S. market. According to NPD, Garmin has the top three PNDs in the country, as well as seven of the top 10, 
and our market share for the quarter was nearly three times that of our nearest competitor. 

As previously mentioned, revenues from the outdoor/fitness segment continue to outperform our expectations with 
35% growth, thanks to our strong product lineup and growth in the market in capturing market share from my 
competitors. 

We also saw continued growth in our aviation segment. Revenues grew 9% as shipments at OEMs offset weakness in 
the portable and retrofit markets. 

And finally, marine revenues fell 8% as the segment continues to be affected by high fuel prices and economic 
conditions, which have slowed the entire marine industry. However, overall weakness was offset by improved market 
share and gains we are seeing in the OEM and dealer-installed markets. 

Many of you are wondering how we view the evolving economic situation. As I noted earlier, PND market has slowed 
year-over-year, with Europe slowing more dramatically. We now estimate that the U.S. and European market sizes to 
be approximately 20 million units each, representing industry growth of approximately 60% in North America and 20% 
in Europe. While these growth rates are down from that of a year ago and have been further impact due to the recent 
economic crises, the PND market is still growing at a healthy pace in comparison to other categories. 

We are working diligently to manage our business with efficiency as the market matures and is affected by negative 
economic condition around the world. Efforts include scaling operations and advertising to better match the market 
demand levels. In addition, we plan to reduce inventory levels approximately $150 million by the end of 2008. We 


believe these efforts will position us to grow our profitability in 2009 and enable us to leverage a strong balance sheet 
going forward. 

While growth is slowed, on a more positive the note, the pricing environment is tempered, leading to a year-over-year 
blended ASP decline of 17%. ASPs have remained stable or risen in our outdoor/fitness, aviation, and marine segments 
on a year-over-year basis, while PND ASP declines continue but are in line with our earlier forecast. Reductions in 
product cost have occurred according to plan, which has helped reduce the downward pressure on gross margins. 

Our marine and aviation segments remain under strong pressure due to the unfavorable economic conditions and high 
fuel prices. While these segments are currently not performing as well as we'd hope, we are generally pleased with our 
results given the severe impact that the financial crises has brought to these markets. So far we have sustained modest 
growth in our aviation business, as we've launched new OEM customers and increased content to existing customers. 

In our marine segment revenue growth is flat year-to-date, but we see opportunity to invest in new product innovations 
that will position us for growth and new opportunities as the economic cycle runs its course. 

Turning next to product launches, in third quarter we introduced two exciting new product families just in time for the 
holiday season. The first is a product introductions was the nüvi 2x5T series, which adds free ad-sponsored lifetime 
traffic and Bluetooth hands-free connectivity, and represents an ideal combination of features at a value price point. 

In the upper end of our product family, we introduced the nüvi 7x5T series, which delivers lane-assisted navigation 
with graphical junction views and 3-D building information. The 7x5T also includes versions with free ad-sponsored 
lifetime traffic, as well as a version with more premium content offerings from MSN Direct, including fuel prices, local 
events, news. and stock prices. 

Both of these products have received excellent reviews and build on our award winning portfolio that recently received 
the top award in the 2008 J.D. Power and Associates Portable Navigation Device Usage and Satisfaction Study. This 
award highlights the strength of Garmin's product portfolio in form, features, and new line. We were also pleased to see 
that Consumer Reports ranked Garmin's flagship nüvi 880 as the best choice in their recent test of 49 models. In 
addition, Garmin had six of the top 10 units in the Consumer Reports ranking. 

In addition to our retail PND business, Garmin has been diligently capturing opportunities in the auto OEM space, and 
I want to highlight a couple of specific relationships. Suzuki is offering our nüvi as standard equipment in the 2009 
SX4, which represents the first value priced-vehicle to offer navigation as a standard feature. 

The Garmin nüvi is fully integrated into the dash drilled through a flip-up mount, providing both in-dash utility and 
portability. In addition, the system is integrated electronically into the audio system for high-quality voice prompts and 
Bluetooth hands-free calls. Some of you may have seen the advertising that's going on with Suzuki, which prominently 
features our nüvi, and we're very pleased with the relationship with Suzuki. 

We have also developed a similar solution with Nissan that is being offered as optional equipment on the 2009 Nissan 
Rogue and Pathfinder. 

In the aviation market, we began delivery of the new G600 retrofit PFD during the third quarter. This unique product 
combines the best of two important cockpit functions – primary flight display and multifunction display maps. 

During the third quarter, we also began shipping the new Prodigy flight deck to Embraer, which is based on our G1000 
integrated cockpit system. We are pleased to be part of Embraer's light jet program, which is already generating a 
strong response from customers. Aviation International News recently reported that Embraer has a combined order 
book of over 800 Phenom VLJs, all of which will be equipped with the G1000-based Prodigy system. 

Many of you have questions concerning progress in our nüvifone program. As we stated in the press release this 
morning, the nüvifone development remains on track for launch in the first half of 2009. We have signed letters of 
intent and agreements with some key carriers around the world, and we will provide specifics closer to the launch date. 
As we look at the competitive landscape in the smartphone arena, we remain excited by the breadth and depth of LVS 
capabilities on the nüvifone, which are superior to any other device on the market today. 


And finally, I wanted to provide you with an update on our full year guidance. While we remain convinced that we 
offer the most compelling and differentiated products across our market segments, we also recognize that some markets 
are slowing as a result of challenging economic conditions. In addition, weaker international currencies add additional 
pressure on our revenues and margins. In light of these factors, we are revising our full year guidance to revenue of 
US$3.6 billion, representing growth of 13% over 2007, and EPS of $3.78 per share, including the gain from the sale of 
Tele Atlas shares, which is essentially flat over 2007. 

I'll now turn the call over to Kevin, who will discuss financial results in detail, as well as the revised forecast. Thank 
you. 

Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I wanted to walk through in detail starting with the third quarter income 
statement. We did announce revenue of $870 million for the third quarter, a net income of 171 million. So our earnings 
per share was $0.87 when we exclude the FX gain. That's a 19% top-line growth during the period and a 2% earnings 
per share decline when excluding foreign currency. The unfavorable $0.05 EPS impact due to FX was a loss of 12.7 
million related to the FX during the third quarter. 

Gross margins came in at 44.3% better than expected due to the moderation of the ASP decline during the quarter. We 
saw significant material cost reductions and operating efficiencies across our business. Gross margin would have been 
nearly flat sequentially without the effects of the weakening euro. 

Operating income during Q3 was flat at 214 million compared to the third quarter of last year. The 24.6% operating 
margin we posted was down from 29.4% last year, but still better than expected. This was driven by gross margin 
coming down 260 basis points during Q3, advertising down 50 basis points. Our other SG&A was down 120 basis 
points. However, 9 million of the year-over-year increase in SG&A was due to the integration of our acquired 
European distributors. R&D was also down 50 bps during the quarter. 

Our unit shift grew 43% year-over-year as over 3.9 million units were delivered during the quarter on the strength of 
our automobile segment. Average selling price was $226 per unit, down only 3% from the second quarter and 17% 
from the year-ago quarter. 

The non-GAAP measures that we reported today include net income excluding the effect of foreign currency. The 
year-to-date FX loss does not reflect the gain associated with the tender of our TA shares. This impact was $0.05 per 
share unfavorable, as I said before, during the period. 

Looking next at the revenue by segments, during the third quarter we experienced 21% revenue growth within the 
automobile segment, while the unit growth in that segment was up 54%. Our outdoor/fitness segment also experienced 
double-digit revenue growth of 35%, compared to Q3 of '07, with the fitness category leading the way. Our aviation 
segment achieved a 9% revenue increase during the quarter. Marine segment revenues declined 8%, compared to Q3 of 
'07. In total as I mentioned, our revenues were up 19% for the third quarter. 

During the third quarter, North American revenue was up 29%, while our European business increased 9% during the 
quarter. Our Asia-Pacific region sales declined 21% primarily due to timing of several sales program during the period. 
We do continue to expect healthy double-digit growth in our APAC markets going forward. 

Unit growth in North America exceeded that of Europe, as the North American PND market grew at 80% 
year-over-year on a unit basis. And we experienced 54% unit growth from our PND products, with North America 
leading the way. 

So at the end of the third quarter the automobile segment now represents 72% of our business, up two percentage points 
from the third quarter of '07. Because of the stronger growth in North America during the quarter, that geographic 
region represents 67% of our total quarterly business. Europe accounted for 28% of our total revenue. 


The low-end unit sales of PNDs continued to account for approximately 80% of the total units within that segment. The 
low-end revenues of PND account for approximately 70% of our total revenue. 

Moving next to margins by segment, our third quarter automobile gross margin and operating margin were 38% and 
20% respectively. Gross margin would have been flat sequentially excluding the effects of foreign currency. Gross 
margin of 38% was in line with expectations, as ASPs have declined 26% and cost declined 20% on a full year basis. 

Our third quarter PND ASP was up in the U.S., but slightly down in Europe due to the euro weakness. We continue to 
expect PND price declines of approximately 25% during 2008, offset by projected raw material cost reductions of 
approximately 20%. As a result, we expect our PND margins to decline from 38% in the third quarter to the mid-30% 
range in the fourth quarter, assuming fourth quarter ASPs decline approximately 20% year-over-year during the 
quarter. 

Our third quarter outdoor/fitness gross margin was 63%, up 11% over last year due to favorable product mix and an 
increasing ASP. Operating margin also increased year-over-year to 44%. We continue to target long-term margins in 
this outdoor/fitness segment at 55 and 35% respectively. 

Third quarter aviation gross margin was 65%, in line with prior year but down sequentially due to changes in our 
warranty program. This change also fell through to operating margin, which was 34% for the quarter. We continue to 
target long-term margins in the aviation segment at 55 and 35%. 

Our third quarter marine gross margin was below the long-term target of 55% at 49, due to the weakness in the marine 
industry. In turn, operating margin was also low at 24% versus a long-term target of 35%. Full year margins remain in 
line with these targets of 55 and 35%, and we will manage the business to maintain those in the fourth quarter. 

Moving next to operating expenses, our third quarter total operating expenses were down 4% or $7 million from the 
second quarter of this year. R&D increased 12 million year-over-year in dollar terms, but as I mentioned earlier, was up 
50 basis points to 6.1% of sales. We now employ over 1,700 engineers and engineering associates worldwide. 

Our ad spending increased 12 million over the year-ago quarter and 50 basis points as a percentage of sales, from 5.3% 
last year to 5.8% in Q3 this year. We expect ad spending to increase in the fourth quarter holiday selling season, both in 
absolute dollars and as a percentage of sales. 

Other SG&A increased 120 basis points to 7.8% sales from 6.6% a year ago. A majority of this increase was due to the 
integration of the European distributors that we have acquired since this period last year. We expect that our fourth 
quarter SG&A expenses will remain flat with the third quarter. But we do continue to monitor the business needs in 
these functions. 

I want to reiterate that we have a debt-free balance sheet, so we continue to see strength on that front. We ended the 
quarter with cash and marketable securities of just over 850 million. Our accounts receivable was essentially flat on a 
sequential basis at $678 million, as sales fell only slightly from the second quarter. Our accounts receivable accounted 
for approximately 68 days of sales. 

Inventory balances increased 43 million to 699 million as we prepared for the holiday selling season. At the end of the 
third quarter, our inventory is made up of the following categories: 151 million in raw materials, 45 million in 
[inaudible] and assemblies, 531 million in finished goods, and 28 million in reserves. 

Product availability remains the top priority for Garmin, has contributed to our success. However, given the short of 
product life cycle of PNDs we are seeing, we're trying to manage our inventory carefully with plans to reduce inventory 
by 150 million at the end of the year. It is still our goal to have adequate inventory to support customer needs. But we 
intend to carry the right level and mix of inventory to minimize the risk of obsolescence. 

We often ask about retail channel inventories. At the end of the third quarter, retail inventory has become more lean as 
retailers look to reduce their inventory exposure and delay cash expenditures. 


I'd like to review the cash flow statement briefly. The cash flow from operations during the third quarter, excuse me, 
was $232 million. We spent 31 million of capital expenditures. Our free cash flow was quite strong during the third 
quarter at 202 million. Cash flow used in investing was 17 million during the third quarter, made up of the 31 million of 
CapEx, 18 million of acquisitions of businesses and intangibles, offset by a 32 million net redemption of marketable 
securities during the third quarter. Cash flow from financing for the 304 million use of cash, and we earned an average 
of 3.8% on all cash and marketable securities during the quarter. 

I'm sure you noted that Garmin repurchased over 8.1 million shares using the 306 million of cash during the quarter. 
We repurchased 6.6 million shares in the first half using 318 million for a total now purchased during the year of 14.7 
million shares. There remain approximately 200,000 shares available for repurchase under the June 2008 Board 
authorization. In addition, this morning we announced that the Board has approved the repurchase of an additional 300 
million of shares to be repurchased between now and the end of 2009. Garmin intents to be an active buyer of those 
shares as business and market condition warrant. Our diluted share outstanding declined to 208 million due to the 
shares repurchased during the period. 

And finally, our new forecast for 2008 now includes revenue at 3.6 billion, representing a 13% year-over-year growth, 
operating margins of 24%. We expect our earnings per share excluding foreign currency to come in at $3.78 per share. 
CapEx remains at 120 million invested this year. Our tax rate remains at 19%. And our average diluted shares 
throughout the whole period 2008, 211 million, this assumes approximately 202 million shares in the fourth quarter of 
2008. 

So a little bit more detail on the segments – we now expect our automobile segment to produce 2.655 billion revenue 
this year, up 13%; outdoor/fitness, 425 million, which is up 25% year-over-year. Our marine business remains flat at 
204 million, and our aviation business will come in at 316 million, about 7% increase over last year. 

So thanks for your attention to the formal comments in our presentation this morning. At this point we want to open it 
up for any questions that you might have. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Vivek Arya [Merrill Lynch]. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Thank you and good morning, Cliff and Kevin. Couple of questions – how should we think about 
PND growth in 2009 U.S. versus Europe? Do you think there's a possibility that they could see negative PND volume 
growth next year? If yes, would that be a macro issue, a competitive issue? Again smartphones, or do you think you're 
not getting people to upgrade their devices as frequently? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Well, I think it's probably little too early to tell, especially given that a big portion of the 
deliveries or market is going to take place now in Q4. So I think we're waiting to see how that goes, and we have 
long-term optimism that the category can still continue to grow meaningfully. But again what we're looking towards 
Q4 to kind of see how things go. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Okay. And, Cliff, how is your – Your strategy in the PND side seems to be very different from 
what TomTom has in the sense that they are really emphasizing their connected services. But you have instead chosen 
to focus on the nüvifone as really your connected on-device capability. So how do you think about your strategy versus 
what TomTom is pursuing? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Well, I think we've started a strategy with nüvifone that we think is unique and different. And 
definitely we're getting a lot of positive reaction to that. We remain open to all product categories, though, so we 
haven't ruled anything out in the way we would go forward. 


<Q - Vivek Arya>: And just a last question – if you look at just on the smartphone side, you have competitors like 
Apple and DRM who have effectively set a 199 to $249 retail price point for smartphone devices. Do you think that the 
nüvifone will be competitive in terms of the features and pricing against those devices? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: We think so. I think there'll be a range of pricing of course depending on devices that are in the 
market. But we believe our device will be priced like other smartphones in the category, and will embraced by carriers 
through subsidies. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: And just a last question for Kevin – Kevin, just a clarification on the guidance. You said it 
excludes the impact of FX. Is that excluding even for Q3 or is it that just a Q4? I just wanted to make sure I 
understand... 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Yes, it's a good question. Any time we give earnings per share guidance, it always excludes 
the foreign currency gain or loss that we recognize on the other income part of our P&L. So it excludes that portion of 
the... 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: So sort of $0.05 you said you had missed for Q3, that is excluded from this? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: That's correct. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from line of Amir Rozwadowski [Lehman Brothers]. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: Thank you very much for taking the question. In terms of looking at your visibility into 
the fourth quarter demand trends and, Cliff, you'd mentioned certainly you've got a lot of shipments depending on lot of 
shipments for fourth quarter. Can you guys gives us a little bit of color in terms of linearity this quarter and how you 
saw selling trends moving into September, October and where you think your visibility stands sort of at this point going 
into fourth quarter? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Yes, I think what we've seen just recently, and the reason we had to drop our numbers from 
our earlier guidance, was October we definitely saw slowdown, and so we saw behavior a little bit less than what we 
had anticipated going into the quarter. 

We've been asked over several months what kind of experience are we having with retailers even in September. And it 
appears that the retail channel is wanting to limit their own risk and carry less inventory. So we didn't see a big impact 
in September, but we have seen a slowdown in October. And we feel like we've put out a number that's something 
that's achievable given pretty big promotional program still as Black Friday and the rest of fourth quarter. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: Kevin, would you say that, going into this holiday season, your visibility is better or 
perhaps unless than prior holiday seasons? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Well, I think we work very carefully with all retail channels, and we have good feedback 
consistently. Quite often what we don't know is what the consumer is willing to do on some of these big programs 
around Thanksgiving. 

So we have orders. We have backlogs. We don't have everything wrapped up, but we never do every year. So it's pretty 
consistent with past years. It's just that we're looking at real pressures based on the economy, and we're trying to factor 
that into our expectations. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: And then within that mix, your low-end/high-end mix, how should we consider the 
balance of low- versus high-end for fourth quarter based on your guidance? 


<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Yes, we looked at kind of low and high and would not expect a significant change. We're 
already selling 80% at fairly low prices. So we'll continue to see that level of sales in the fourth quarter as we go 
forward. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: Great. And then a last question if I may. In looking beyond 2008, I guess the factors that 
we're considering for how the demand environment shakes out is possibly geographic expansion, replacement sell-in, 
as well as higher penetration. In looking at your priorities for driving growth or unit shipments in 2009, which should 
we consider as the leading factor still? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: I think we consider all of those. Yes, we're looking at every opportunity in everything you 
listed. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: I think the one point on penetration is we're still relatively low penetration rates even as we 
exit this year. At the end of the third quarter, the U.S. or North American penetration is in the teens, probably 15%, and 
maybe a little bit above 20 in Europe. So there's still room for growth. But as Cliff said, we need to go after all 
opportunities. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: Great. Thank you very much for taking the question. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Mark Sue, RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Thank you. Given the current backdrop, how should we look at gross margins for the holiday level 
for the PND segment? I ask because it still seems very fluid, and if competition does increase, to what level will you 
respond? Is there a floor? Can a 20% ASP decline accelerate to 25 to 30%, or would that be unlikely? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Yes, I think we're expecting strong sales in the holiday season of 80% sequential growth from 
Q3 to Q4 on the PNDs. And the specific question -


<Q - Mark Sue>: Margin. 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: To margin? Margins will probably be, as mentioned, mid-30s on gross margin, and we were at 
38% at the end of Q3. So by the time we exit the year, we still should get some operating leverage in with higher 
volume. So our estimate right now would be mid-30s on gross and still close to 20% in the fourth quarter on PND. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Is there a floor where you say that we can't really cut pricing to stimulate demand or is a -- f you 
could comment on that? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: There are certain price points that we would just say we can't go below. And we want to 
make a reasonable margin; we want to grow market share. We want to take on the increased market penetration. But, 
yes, there are certain point – We're not going to quantify what that is, but there is a limit. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Okay. And, Kevin, separately the provisions for obsolete inventories, it's usually 12 to 17 million on 
a given quarter. I think it was just 1 million this time. Any thoughts on why the reserve wasn't higher this time? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Well, as I stated on various past conference calls, we look at the actual inventory that we 
hold. And we don't have a lot of old excess inventory that's not moving. We have some SKUs, but mostly what we have 
in-house are products that will be selling very well through the holiday season. So we literally look at the reserve on a 
SKU-by-SKU basis and make appropriate reserves. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Okay. Lastly, Kevin, just on the nüvifone, is there a volume level that makes that segment 
profitable? Or should we look at it in a different way in terms of how we look at our unit assumptions next year and 
non-profits for the overall company? 


<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Well, we stated in past conference calls and other conversations that we expect the nüvifone 
gross margins to be maybe just a little bit below our PND, but pretty close, in the 30 to 35% range. I think you should 
just model that into whatever you're looking at. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you and good luck, gentlemen. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of John Bright, Avondale Partners. 

<Q - John Bright>: Thank you. Kevin, on your inventory, I think in the prepared remarks you talked about reducing 
inventory levels by 150 million by the end of the year. Give us some thought process on how you're going to go about 
doing that, one. And then, two, on the advertising spending, more focused advertising spending, very important to 
Garmin, how would you describe more focused in your advertising spending? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Okay, let me start first with the inventory level. I think what we're assuming here is that 
we're cutting down on the production, production volume during the fourth quarter given the slowdown in the overall 
macro environment. 

And we don't anticipate any kind of staff reductions, although we are limiting some of the overtime and contract 
workers that we typically use in our Taiwan factories during the fourth quarter. That's going to help us by cutting back 
on the production volume from what we had earlier anticipated. And then other than that, it's just working very 
diligently on a product-by-product to have the right product and then build the right product so it's ready for the 
marketplace. 

From an advertising point of view, we do anticipate a pretty substantial advertising increase. We're doing TV ad 
campaigns currently in the U.S. market and some other focused markets. And we'll continue to offer cooperative 
advertising with our major customers. And then there's the continuous print and radio media that we will spend. So I 
think we're committed to investing in advertising to drive demand in the near term. But we will watch it very carefully 
and try to get operating leverage within our business. 

<Q - John Bright>: Last question – you also talked about continuing material cost reductions, particularly in the PND 
markets. Maybe you can give us some color on specifically what materials you're getting the cost reductions from. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: I think it's across the board. I mean, we've seen about a 20% bill of material cost reduction 
this year, which is right on track with what we've been saying all year, so no major surprises there. But the key products 
are the ones that make up the major part of our bomb, and that is displays, flash memory, chipset, GPS chipsets, the 
licensing that we pay, license fees that we pay within our products. 

<Q - John Bright>: Thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Rich Valera, Needham & Company. 

<Q - Richard Valera>: Thank you. If I could just revisit the nüvifone gross margin question again, I think when you 
introduced the phone, Kevin, you had been thinking about sort of low 30% gross margins for nüvifone. And it would 
seem that the smartphone environment has gotten more price competitive since then with things like the 199 iPhone, 
among others. Yet you seem to still have a similar gross margin target. Is that due to component cost reduction since 
then? Or is there any other factors that would enable you to keep those gross margin targets the same in what would 


appear to be a tougher environment? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Hi, Rich. I think the end user pricing for various smartphones that are on the market right now 
is a little bit hard to process because of the high subsidies that come along with some of those. And what we're seeing 
in terms of what we can estimate at real ASPs to the various competitors is that our nüvifone should be priced 
competitively. And the margin target that we gave you is where we feel comfortable. 

<Q - Richard Valera>: I'm sure you can't give us the actual subsidy number, but can you give us a sense of how much 
visibility you have to what level of subsidy the carriers are willing to give you? Apple gets a certain level of subsidy 
that may be higher than anyone else perhaps. Do you have a sense of what kind of subsidy level you can expect and 
that you're basing your gross margin assumptions on? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: So again I think you also have to factor in what is the end user price to really come up with the 
total picture. And currently we're not ready to go there yet in terms of providing details. 

But to illustrate the breadth of situations going on out there, some countries you can get an iPhone for free. And 
certainly we know that Apple is not a charity organization. So it is definitely higher levels to subsidies to go along with 
certain countries and certain products. 

We recognize that brand strength and product strength factor into that in some other cases that we're talking about, 
which is great. But we do feel we have a strong product, and carriers are enthused about offering the product. 

<Q - Richard Valera>: Great. And, Kevin, of the revision to the 2008 revenue guidance, can you give us a sense of 
how much of that was from currency? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Well, I think what we've seen is about a 100-basis-point impact in the third quarter, down 
from our earlier periods. And we're already seeing that again in the fourth quarter. So we factored in the U.S./euro 
currency movement, at least another 100 basis points again in the fourth quarter to take that into account. 

<Q - Richard Valera>: Okay, and finally just wanted to clarify, did you say 202 million was the share count to expect 
for the fourth quarter? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Yes, I did. 

<Q - Richard Valera>: Okay. Thanks very much. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Goldberg, Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: Hi, guys. 

<A>: Hi, Jonathan. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: I just want to clarify – with your agreements with the carriers on the nüvifone, will it be 
subsidized? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: And we're not providing details at this time. So we'll announce those to closer to launch date. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: Okay. And I just want to talk about PNDs. Could you give me an estimate of last year 
what percentage of the auto units returns business that sort of shipped or got ordered post Black Friday? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: I don't know if we can quantify that, but I do know that we had gone into the quarter 
expecting about $1 billion in sales across our business, and we did 1.2. So we definitely exceeded our early 
expectations. So it's going to be somewhere between that number, 100 to 200 million in sales, that came out as we went 


through the year. I wouldn't say that was just all after Black Friday. But it had to do with consumer demand as we went 
through the quarter last year. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: But it's safe to say a fair amount of orders came in sort of post Black Friday or as the result 
of Black Friday. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Yes. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: Are you assuming that kind of ramp for this year's post Black Friday? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: I think we feel like the new guidance that we've given has taken into account a weaker 
economy. So again we have many orders already in our backlog, but we're not being too aggressive on what the rest of 
the fourth quarter will do. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: Okay, and then just looking at the overall PND market, you're talking about 60% growth 
for U.S. units this year, 20% in Europe. That's down from triple digits in the U.S. last year and call it 80% last year in 
Europe. TomTom yesterday had some pretty conservative but similar numbers. To me it's a pretty sharp slowdown to 
go from 80 to 20 and from triple digits to 60. Are we going to have 20% unit growth do you think next year in PNDs 
units in the U.S.? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Well, we're not prepared to give 2009 guidance, but I don't see any reason why we shouldn't 
be at least 20% unit growth next year. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: So that's still a pretty steep slowdown though. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Well, I think it's going to be a slowdown. I think the benefit next year will – ASPs as we've 
seen recently are moderating, and we don't expect the pricing to come down nearly at the level as what we've seen this 
year. So next year will be I think a little bit different market – higher penetration rates as we go end of the year, but still 
decent unit growth and less ASP declines next year. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: And you're premising the moderation in ASP declines on what? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: I think it's a couple of factors. Number one, just the absolute price point is much lower than 
it was at this point last year. I think the operating margins on many of our competitors are getting very thin, if not zero. 
So that's going to I think help us from having to be overly aggressive on price. And I think some of the other 
competitors in the market are saying the same thing. So I don't believe that's anything unusual on what expectations are 
on ASP next year. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: All right, thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Yair Reiner, Oppenheimer. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: Yes, good afternoon. First, Kevin, can you walk us through how the dollar's strengthening is 
negatively impacting gross margins? It would seem that at least from a components purchasing point of view it should 
be a tailwind. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Well, I won't go through all of the complexities, but we actually have kind of a natural edge 
in our business. It has an impact on the sales side due to the weakening euro because approximately 25% of our 
invoices are in the euro currency. We do have a benefit from the manufacturing cost due to the U.S. dollar movement in 
the period as it strengthened versus the Taiwan dollar. But the net impact is still negative when you compare the 
revenue versus the cost. And I quantified that number at about 100 basis points during the third quarter. 


<Q - Yair Reiner>: Okay. Looking at 2009, kind of setting aside the FX impact, given what you're seeing through the 
components pricing competition, price erosion, do you now believe that gross margins in the PND business will be up 
or down or flat next year? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Well, I think we'll end the year at about mid-30s, as I said. I think we could still see a slight 
reduction next year as prices come down, maybe a little bit more than cost, but not nearly the same decline as what 
we've seen in 2008. So I think again we'll see a moderation of price, but we won't see a 20% cost decline. It will be at 
or maybe a little bit below our ASP decline. But we should still see margins about 30% next year in the PND business. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: Okay. Looking at your implied fourth quarter guidance for aviation, it looks like you're projecting 
a pretty big sequential drop-off. I was wondering if you can help kind of explain that, and then explain whether it's a 
one-time impact; we should see a rebound in the first quarter of '09. 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Yes, I think we are seeing, as we mentioned in the comments, some significant pressure on the 
aviation market. And there's a number of factors across our business because we serve so many different segments of 
that. We are hearing reports from the field where people are saying that they're put off buying decisions and in some 
cases maybe not taking delivery of aircraft. But we do think that it's somewhat temporary. Some people are even 
saying, Well, after the election, maybe there'll be more clarity. So there's some of those natural factors that are coming 
into people's mind as they pause a little bit right now during the economic situation. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: Okay. One final question, then I'll cede the floor. In terms of CapEx, obviously over the last 
couple of years you've been building capacity. Now it seems like you're at least approaching the point of kind of 
topping off. What should we model in terms of maintenance CapEx for the business? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Well, we got into 120, and that did include some expansion of production lines in Taiwan. I 
think the maintenance should be between like 60 to $70 million a year without any kind of facility expansion. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Thank you. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: Bye-bye. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Peter Friedland, Soleil Group. 

<Q - Peter Friedland>: Hey, guys. On the nüvifone, what's a reasonable volume expectation for '09? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Well, we've said, and I think we still maintain this, that over the first 12 months after we 
release the product if we can get a million units out the door, that would be acceptable to us. And we have nothing at 
this point that would change that number. 

<Q - Peter Friedland>: Okay. And then as far as working capital, what are you looking at for '08 and '09 as far as the 
negative working capital? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: I don't know that I can quote a number for the full year, other than we're expecting as I 
mentioned the inventory to be reduced, so that's going to help us on working capital. As we go into next year, I think 
you'll see less of a drag on our cash flow from operations due to inventory because we're going to really try to manage 
that as best we can. But we still expect strong cash flow from operations as we go all the way through 2009. 

<Q - Peter Friedland>: And lastly, what's the current interest rate you're getting on cash? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: We mentioned 3.8% was what we achieved in the third quarter. 

<Q - Peter Friedland>: Is that still the right number, or has that come down? 


<A - Kevin Rauckman>: It's come down some, but I'm not prepared to quantify what that is right now. 

<Q - Peter Friedland>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from line of Jim Duffy, Thomas Weisel Investment. 

<Q - Jim Duffy>: Thanks. Hi, everyone. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Hello. 

<Q - Jim Duffy>: Big picture question – So there's a lot of evidence that we're moving beyond the period of hyper 
growth in PNDs. You've mentioned the penetration rates in the U.S. and Europe. In Garmin's crystal ball, how do you 
see this market evolving, kind of looking out two to three years? And then how are you planning the business 
accordingly to be well positioned to capitalize on the new dynamics in the market? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Well, I think we continue to look at expanding opportunities, as we mentioned earlier, both in 
terms of existing markets, as well as emerging markets. I think with the turmoil going on in the auto OEM space, 
there's some potential upside to PNDs as people who are perhaps not buying new cars and not equipping them with 
expensive equipment may be more inclined to purchase a navigation device for their vehicle. So we're focusing on 
features, on content, on services, and emerging markets going forward. 

<Q - Jim Duffy>: Is your principal strategy in this category a market share gain in PNDs, or is there some sort of 
category-changing dynamic you expect that you're positioning yourself for? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Well, maintaining market share is very important to us. And we intend to continue to focus our 
goals on about we're at in the markets going forward, and again taking advantage of emerging opportunities. 

<Q - Jim Duffy>: Okay. And then, Kevin, a question on the advertising spending and the philosophy there – you'd said 
in the fourth quarter, up as a percentage of sales. Is that on a sequential basis or on a year-to-year basis? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: It's on a sequential basis, and actually it's on both. We have probably spent somewhere 
around 80 million in advertising the fourth quarter, which is significantly increased from the third quarter just due to 
our TV ad campaign. 

<Q - Jim Duffy>: Okay. And then looking on to '09, do you expect advertising to be a source of leverage for the 
business, or would you expect to continue it at similar rates as a percent of revenue? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Well, I think again we haven't given '09 guidance, but we would expect advertising to be 
growing at about the same rate of sales. We might get a little bit of leverage. But we honestly haven't put into play what 
our specific strategies are on advertising into 2009 yet. We play that a quarter or two in advance of what we really need 
to commit to. 

<Q - Jim Duffy>: Very good. Good luck this holiday season. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Evanson, Dougherty & Company. 

<Q - Jeff Evanson>: Good morning. Cliff, we've seen some new smartphones like the Apple phone and the Android 
phone both generate a lot of enthusiasm through their developer communities, generating ads for those handsets. I can 
see a lot of opportunities for Garmin. I'd be curious to know what you're contemplating on that front? 


<A - Clifton Pemble>: I think our initial focus is to provide a lot of the functionality and apps that a lot of the 
developers are focusing on out there right now, but integrating them into nüvifone in such a way that's seamless across 
the device. I think going forward, we'll be open-minded in terms of offering devices that will have open platforms. But 
initially our focus has been to offer a turnkey LVS [inaudible]. 

<Q - Jeff Evanson>: Okay. And then, Kevin, a couple of questions for you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Okay. 

<Q - Jeff Evanson>: Be curious to know how big a percentage of automobile sale is OEM this year and what do you 
think it can be next year? How big can that opportunity be for you? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: I think it's a very small number this year. And as Cliff talked, about Suzuki and Nissan, that 
it's definitely only in single digits as a part of our total automobile segment. And I think what you would see in the 
future, it's going to take us a couple of years to get an equal revenue there because of the long development cycle for 
some of these new products, in-dash. I wouldn't expect 2009 to have a meaningfully larger number on a percentage of 
our total automobile segment. 2010 we could see a nice increase as we get into more business there. 

<Q - Jeff Evanson>: So in '09, could it break double digits percentages of mix there? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: I would say probably not at this point. 

<Q - Jeff Evanson>: Okay, that's helpful. And then my second question is a follow-up to your comment that you made 
about at least 20% unit growth in PNDs in '09. By my calcs, that's an acceleration from what I'm seeing for a Q4 
year-over-year growth. Do you have some kind of a recovery you're making in your '09 thinking at this point? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Again very difficult from visibility to have a complete expectation of what the economy is 
going to do. But I think we're basically playing that out of the both market share gains and also the fact that 
penetrations are still at reasonably low levels, and the fact we're going to be seeing more of a replacement market as we 
get into Year 3-2 or Year 3 after some of the [inaudible] PNDs. 

<Q - Jeff Evanson>: Okay. Thank you very much 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Scott Sutherland, Wedbush Morgan Securities. 

<Q - Scott Sutherland>: Great, thank you. Good morning 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Good morning. 

<Q - Scott Sutherland>: Some follow-ups on the last question, looking at your guidance for the automobile, it looks 
like down year-over-year versus Q4. When you look at '09 not getting into guidance, what do you see as pivot points? 
Do you think that you guys need a recovery in consumer demand? Do you think it's just less price pressures, some of 
the smaller players maybe whittled out of the market, to see a recovery in revenue in that segment? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: I think we need both. I think we need a stronger economy, and I think we need less competitive 
pressures as we see a shake-out after Q4. 

<Q - Scott Sutherland>: Okay. You guys have talked about your advertising spend and talked about the channel 
whittling down inventories. As you look at Q4, some of your big-box stores and some of your partners out there, what 
kind of advertising do you see them promoting? Do you think navigation's still going to be one of the top categories 
they're going to push out there? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: We absolutely do. The PND and navigation is still one of the fastest growing categories. 
They're still putting money in of their own. In-store merchandising, point-of-sale is very important. Corporate 
advertising with flyers every week is important. And then we're augmenting that with our own TV ad spending. 


<Q - Scott Sutherland>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Paul Coster, JPMorgan. 

<Q>: Hi, this is actually Sandeep [inaudible] on behalf of Paul. Just a couple of quick questions – would you have any 
estimate on how much are your sales right now is replacement and how much is new sales and whether I guess you see 
that obviously replacements going up in a couple of years? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Yes, I think this one's a difficult number to nail down. But we believe that the replacement 
market at this point is somewhere around 20% of our sales. We've maintained that pretty much all year. That could be 
picking up some in the next 12 months again as the market starts to mature and we move from hyper growth into steady 
growth. 

<Q>: Okay. And then you talked about the economy having to recover and some of the smaller players being shaken 
out. On the second point of over there, some of the weaker players, is there something that Garmin's going to be doing 
in terms of the pricing strategy to kind of catalyze that? Or do you thing that the normal course of these price declines, 
given the financial situation that they are in, will kind of take care of that and you'll be able to gain market share? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Yes, we think it's the fact that many of our competitors we believe are selling at very thin 
margins. And we're going to be reasonable in our prices. And as I mentioned, we've already got that plan in place for 
the fourth quarter promotions. But clearly there's just not going to be as many PND suppliers next year because of the 
profitability in that segment for some of these guys. 

<Q>: And then just lastly on the nüvifone, I know you don't want to say whether or not you're going to have a subsidy 
yet. But if you were to have a subsidy, what exactly is going to be the service? Is it mostly – because with like 
BlackBerry or an Apple iPhone, you're looking at kind of the data access for web and email. Is it going to be web and 
email, and then you're going to have a specialized kind of GPS real-time service or something? Or what would I guess 
make the carriers to want to give you the subsidy? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Well, again Sandeep, we're not providing details right now. So we'll give those closer to when 
we launch the device to the carrier. 

<Q>: Okay, thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of J.B. Groh, D.A. Davidson. 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: Thanks. Hey, I think in the past you guys have given a percentage of sales from new products. I 
didn't hear that. I don't know if I just missed it or if you didn't give it. Is that something you're willing to give out? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: No, we really deemphasize that because so many of our products now are just are new and 
innovative. So it's a big number, but we really haven't quantified that. 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: So since your product life cycle's shortened up, you're not given that out any more. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Yes. 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: Okay. And then, Kevin, I think I heard you say 202,000 shares outstanding for... 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Million, yes. 


<Q - J.B. Groh>: Is that 202 million? Okay. And then lastly on the margins on outdoor and fitness, those are very 
strong on an operating basis. Is that mostly driven by what's going on with new product development? And what sort of 
plans do you have to sustain those and develop other great products in that area? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Yes, I think it's the new fitness products in particular, and even some of our outdoor. But it is 
driven by increased, pretty strong volume and also the new product introductions will be brought to the market. 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: I mean, how much more can you do there? I mean, you've come out with some stuff that I don't think 
people would have thought of would have been applications. What else are you working on in that area that you can 
talk about? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: We'll have to share details later. 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: Okay. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: You know we can't tell you about products that haven't been introduced. 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: No, I know; I know. Okay. Al right, well, thanks for your time. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Okay. 

Operator 

Your final question comes from the line of Ben Bollin, Cleveland Research. 

<Q>: Good morning. 

<A>: Good morning. 

<Q - Benjamin Bollin>: My first question – when you look at your retail partners, what's your take right now as to the 
emphasis that they're placing on the category in terms of the number of points of the sale, the shelf presence or the 
absolute SKU expansion, the number of products they are featuring? And how would you say it compares to last year at 
this time? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Well, without a doubt, as I mentioned, it's a hot category. It will still be one of their pushes 
for the holiday season. When you look at shelf space and number of SKUs, clearly there's more SKUs now this year 
than there were last year, as those have ramped throughout the year. And they're committed again to the advertising and 
promotional activity within the stores, trying to put traffic to drive number of consumers through the stores. So I think 
absolutely most of the retailers are committed. It depends on which we retailer we talk about, but most of them are 
really wanting to sell this product this year. 

<Q - Benjamin Bollin>: My second question – when you look at replacement in general, what would you say the 
average life of a PND device is now? Where do you see that going over the next year or so? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: I think it's probably difficult to really quantify that. I think our estimates are somewhere in the 
three- to five-year category, depending on the product. I think as the products have come down in price that product life 
probably shortens naturally because people are probably more willing to purchase the new unit as features change and 
capabilities are enhanced. But that's kind of our general view right now. 

<Q - Benjamin Bollin>: And my last question – when you look at the holidays thus far, not necessarily even the 
visibility you're getting from the customers, but when you look at the promotions that you're seeing and the emphasis 
other competitors are placing on their holiday sales, how would you say that the promotional environment this holiday 
will compare with what you saw last year at this time? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Well, I think there's a lot of a deals lined up for Black Friday. And so you're going to see very 
strong promotional emphasis on PNDs for the holidays. Is that the nature of your question in terms of surrounding the 


sales activity, or were you referring to advertising? 

<Q - Benjamin Bollin>: Yes, in terms of the absolute rebates or promotions that competitors are placing on the 
devices relative to last year at this time. 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Well, again we probably don't know exactly what competitors are doing. We know what we're 
doing, and we have a strong lineup of great promotions. 

<Q - Benjamin Bollin>: Thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Pretty consistent with the last year, too, as well. 

Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer 

Okay. I think that's the end of the Q&A. Thank you all for the questions. We'll look forward to talking to you in future. 

Operator 

Thank you for your participation in today's teleconference. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at 
this time. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


