Q4 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Kerri R. Thurston, Manager, Investor Relations 
• Clifton A. Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer 
• Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
Other Participants 

• Yair Reiner 
• Tavis McCourt 
• Thomas Kucera 
• J. B. Groh 
• Jonathan Goldberg 
• Thomas Lee 
• Woo Jin Ho 
• Charlie Anderson 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day and welcome to the Garmin Limited Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being 
recorded. I will now turn the conference over to Kerri Thurston. Ms. Thurston, please go ahead. 

Kerri R. Thurston, Manager, Investor Relations 

Thank you and good morning, everyone. We'd like to welcome you to Garmin Limited's Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings 
Call. Please note that a copy of the press release concerning this earnings call is available at Garmin's Investor 
Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. Additionally, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet. 
Please note that this webcast does include slides which may be viewed during the call. An archive of the webcast will 
be available until March 30th of 2011 and a transcript of the call will be available on the Web site under the Events 
Calendar tab. 

This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Ltd. and its business. 
Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market shares, product introductions, future 
demand for our products and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances 
discussed in this earnings call may not occur and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors 
affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 
26th of 2010 filed with the Security (sic) [Securities] and Exchange Commission. 

Attending on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Dr. Min Kao, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Cliff 
Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. The 
presenters for this morning's call are Cliff and Kevin. 

At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble. 


Clifton A. Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer 

Morning, everyone. I'll begin my remarks today with highlights from our earnings press release followed by more 
detailed comments for each reporting segment. 

We're pleased to report that our fourth quarter results included revenue growth and strong margin performance in 
Outdoor/Fitness, Marine and Aviation. As a group, these traditional market segments contributed 60% of our total 
operating income in the quarter as the PND business became a smaller portion of our overall operating income mix. 
Due to the ongoing growth opportunities in these segments and in Auto OEM, we have redeployed R&D resources to 
further invest in these markets and allow us to more quickly capitalize on opportunities. 

We sold 6.1 million units in the quarter, representing a year-over-year decline of 8%. Auto PND unit volume was 
weaker. However, this was partially offset by increased volumes in Auto OEM and Outdoor/Fitness. Finally, we 
generated $175 million in free cash flow during the quarter, resulting in a cash balance of just over US$2 billion. 

Looking at full-year highlights, our traditional business segments generated $391 million of operating income, which 
represents an increase of 20% over 2009. The growth in these segments allowed them to contribute 61% of our 
operating income during the year. We delivered over 16 million units, which is a decline of only 4%. While the North 
American PND market weakened in the back half of the year, EMEA unit sales were stable and APAC continued to 
grow. Growth in other product categories partially offset the declines in PND. 

According to our estimates, we maintained or grew global market share on an annual basis in each of our segments 
with strong gains in Fitness and Marine. And finally, we generated $738 million of free cash flow. Over 70% of 2010's 
free cash flow was returned to shareholders through our $1.50 per share dividend and the repurchase of approximately 

7.4 million shares of Garmin stock. 
Reflecting on our consolidated results, our strategy of product and market diversification served us well during a 
difficult year. I feel confident about our prospects for the future and the direction in which we are headed as we have 
established a solid foundation from which to invest and grow. 

Next, I want to walk you through each business segment highlighting 2010 performance as well as providing an 
outlook for 2011. For each segment, I will offer insights on our longer-term strategic initiatives that are key to our 
growth strategy for the future. 

Starting with the Marine segment, we're pleased to report year-over-year revenue growth of 12% as market conditions 
continue to improve. Operating income grew at an impressive rate of 21% generating $67 million of operating income 
for the year. According to our estimates, we continue to take market share in both the Marine OEM and retrofit 
categories. The OEM market is highly fragmented with many brands in both categories but each account provides 
incremental revenue and market share growth. During 2010 some notable new accounts include Fairline, Gulf Craft and 
Regal. 

For 2011, we are targeting revenue growth of 10% in the Marine segment based on additional market share gains and 
improving economic conditions. Recent OEM wins will start to contribute revenue in 2011 and we intend to build on 
this momentum to win additional opportunities during the year. In the coming years, our strategic focus will include 
expanded product offerings that enable growth in the mid to large size boat category, investment in our relationship 
with Volvo Penta, which provides us an opportunity to expand our role in the Marine OEM space, increasing our share 
of the OEM market by leveraging our complete line of Marine products. While we have had much success in recent 
years, this is a fragmented market and we will continue to work towards market leadership account by account. And 
finally, we will continue to expand the coverage and quality of our BlueChart photography and we'll focus on adding 
new content that will be relevant and exciting for boaters. 

Turning next to Aviation, we reported year-over-year revenue growth of 7% and operating income growth of 24% 
resulting in $72 million of operating income for the segment. 2010 was a pivotal year for the Aviation segment with the 
announcement of our G5000 integrated cockpit system designed specifically for Part 25 business jets, which are mid to 
large size aircraft weighing more than 12,500 pounds. 


We are pleased that our G5000 was selected by Cessna for the new Citation X business jet. During the year we added 
new retrofit certification to our G1000 cockpit system, the Cessna Citation jet and the King Air 200. Owners of these 
legacy aircraft can transform their cockpit with a modern all-glass panel that includes advanced features such as our 
fully integrated all-digital flight control and synthetic vision. 

The recovery of the aviation industry has continued to lag the overall economy. The General Aviation Manufacturers 
Association reports an 11% decline in shipments during 2010, which was a further decline from the already depressed 
levels of 2009. We anticipate that the OEM market will remain softer in 2011, which impacts our growth outlook for 
this segment. With that in mind, we are targeting revenue growth of 5% in the Aviation segment. 

Looking beyond 2011, we have a lot to be excited about. Our growth initiatives are focused on continued development 
of our G3000 and G5000 platforms with OEM partners, which will be the foundation of Aviation growth in 2013 and 
beyond. We're identifying and capitalizing on additional retrofit opportunities like the planned certification of the 
G1000 into the King Air 300 and 350 aircrafts, further expansion of market share in helicopter market, and we are 
preparing for opportunities created by the FAA's NextGen transformation of the National Airspace System. This 
initiative represents an evolution from ground-based systems of air traffic control to a satellite-based system of air 
traffic management. We are currently developing equipment and systems that will be part of this modernized air traffic 
control system. 

In our Outdoor/Fitness segment, we reported year-over-year revenue growth of 19% and operating income growth of 
18%, resulting in $251 million of operating income for the segment. Fitness revenues grew 42%, while revenues from 
the more mature Outdoor segment grew 7%. 

It's been an exciting year for our Fitness team with the delivery of the Forerunner 110 and the launch of the Edge 500. 
Each of these products is targeted at the value-oriented consumer and expands the addressable market for our products. 
Concurrently, we delivered new high-performance devices that elite runners and cyclists expect from Garmin. With the 
acquisition of MetriGear, we look forward to enhancing our participation in the cycling market by offering an 
innovative new power solution. 

In 2011, we are targeting revenue growth of 5% in the Outdoor segment and 25% in the Fitness segment which will be 
reported separately beginning first quarter of 2011. In the Outdoor segment, we are pleased to be delivering a 
moderately-priced turnkey tracking solution that can be utilized in a variety of applications providing an incremental 
revenue opportunity for Garmin. In addition, we have numerous product updates coming throughout the year that we 
expect will be well received by the market. In the Fitness segment, our product pipeline is full of innovative products 
that will continue to deliver unparalleled value and function for both recreational and elite athletes. 

Looking beyond 2011, we believe the Outdoor and Fitness segments will continue to deliver growth to our 
shareholders. In Outdoor, we plan to identify and capitalize on adjacent niche markets as we have done over the past 
five years with products like our dog tracker and golf handhelds. Additionally, we will focus on growing our global 
market share in the golf space through continued innovations like the recently released Approach S1 golf watch. 

In Fitness, we believe we are uniquely positioned to deliver the most innovative and useful products to the market with 
a complete solution that includes devices, wireless connectivity, measurement sensors and a well-developed web portal. 
We will continue to build Garmin Connect capabilities by delivering a satisfying and complete user experience 
including mobile applications that will complement both our devices and the web. In conclusion, we believe we are 
poised to capture additional share of the cycling market in 2012 and beyond upon the completion of our cycling power 
solution later this year. 

Turning to the Auto/Mobile segment, our achievements included the launch of the nüvi 3700-series which defined a 
new standard for PND devices by introducing features such as a high-resolution capacitive multi-touch display 
contained in an elegant, ultra-thin form factor. We grew additional market share as third tier players left the market 
during the year, thereby strengthening our global market share position. 


2010 also marked the production launch of the Chrysler navigation solution, which is something we've been working 
on for quite some time. I will discuss this and other OEM opportunities further in just a moment. However, we also 
faced significant challenges in 2010 as revenues declined 19% in this segment. Unit deliveries in North America were 
down for the year but were partially offset by growth in Asia. Unit deliveries in Europe were flat for the year but 
revenues declined due to ongoing ASP pressure. 

Looking specifically at the Auto OEM highlights from 2010, we delivered our Garmin navigation solution to Chrysler 
in the third quarter as 2011 auto production began. More recently, we also began delivering Garmin navigation to 
Hyundai Australia for select vehicles. Our contribution for both auto makers include the easy-to-use Garmin interface, 
Lane Assist, Junction View and numerous other features in an integrated dashboard. The solution is cost effective and 
provides an improved user experience, which has led to higher-than-industry take rates exceeding 50% on the new 
Chrysler 300 model, which we're proud of. 

Looking ahead, we expect PND unit deliveries to continue declining during the course of the year and we expect 
revenue in the segment to be down approximately 20% over 2010 levels. The revenue situation is driven by decreases 
in both unit volume, additional ASP pressure and an increased level of deferred revenue as PNDs bundled with 
Lifetime Maps continue to grow as a percentage of our product mix. In the PND market, we will look for opportunities 
to profitably gain market share in both Europe and Asia throughout 2011, offsetting the revenue pressure we expect to 
continue in North America. The Auto OEM business will also provide some offset to declining PND revenues as 
volumes associated with our Chrysler and Hyundai relationships increase. 

Beyond 2011, we will be focusing on maximizing profitability in the PND industry as the market leader, expanding our 
Auto OEM business through additional partnership wins and delivering innovative OEM solutions through both a 
hardware and software approach. 

Given our revenue outlook in each segment, we are projecting consolidated revenues of $2.4 billion to $2.5 billion in 
2011 with gross margins stable to slightly increasing from 2010 levels as traditional segments grow in their overall 
revenue contribution. We are projecting operating income between $500 million and $560 million with operating 
margins of 21% to 22%. The decline in operating margins is the result of continued investment in the long-term growth 
initiatives that I have outlined for you today. These factors and an anticipated effective tax rate of 20% result in a 
forecasted 2011 earnings per share range of $2.25 to $2.50. 

Before moving to the financial review, I also wanted to highlight our dividend proposal for 2011. At our annual 
shareholders meeting in June, we will ask for approval of a dividend of $2.00 per share. $1.60 of this dividend will be 
paid in three installments starting with $0.80 in June with $0.40 to follow in September and December. The remaining 
$0.40 will be paid in Q1 of 2012. The total dividend allotment will be declared in Swiss francs but will be paid in U.S. 
dollars, leading to minor variations in the actual dividend payment as currency fluctuates over time. 

So this concludes my remarks for today. I'll turn the call over to Kevin, who will walk us through our financial results 
in more detail. Kevin? 

Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Well thank you, Cliff. As is customary, I'd like to review several details of both the fourth quarter and the full-year 
2010 financial results, starting first with our fourth quarter income statement. 

We posted revenue of $838 million for the quarter with net income of $133 million. And our pro forma EPS was $0.83 
per share, which excludes the large foreign currency loss. Our revenue represents a decrease of 21% year-over-year. 
Gross margin came in at 45.3%, which was a 70 basis point decline from the prior year. And our operating margin was 
22.1%, down 550 basis points from 27.6% last year. 

The operating margin impact was created through 70 basis points unfavorable in gross margin. Our advertising was 30 
basis points unfavorable; however, it was down $8 million on a year-over-year basis. SG&A was 280 basis points 
unfavorable, up $8 million on a year-over-year basis due primarily to legal settlements and related costs. And our R&D 


came in 180 basis points unfavorable, which was flat on a year-over-year basis. 

Our pro forma EPS of $0.83 per share represents a 42% decrease year-over-year, driven by declining revenues and 
margins and a significant increase in our effective tax rate to 15%, which compares to 4.7% in the prior year. 

Our units shipped were down 8% year-over-year as 6.1 million units were delivered during the quarter. And our total 
company average selling price came in at $138 per unit, down 14% from 2009. This was driven primarily by the 
deferral of revenues related to bundled Lifetime Maps into our future periods. 

Looking next at the full-year income statement, we posted revenue of $2.7 billion for the year with net income of $585 
million. Our pro forma EPS was $2.83 per share, which excludes foreign currency losses and a one-time tax 
adjustment. Our revenue fell 9% year-over-year while the pro forma EPS decreased 20% when excluding foreign 
currency and a $0.50 per share one-time tax adjustment. This was due to declining margins and a higher effective tax 
rate of 15.8% for the full year, which compares to 12.9% in 2009. 

Our gross margin of 50% was a 100 basis point improvement over the prior year. Our operating income fell 19% to 
$637 million compared to $787 million in 2009. So the operating margin was 23.7%, down 300 basis points from 
26.7% last year driven primarily by gross margin, which was 100 basis points favorable. Advertising were down 10 
basis points unfavorable and we declined our expenses by $10 million on a year-over-year basis. SG&A was 170 basis 
points unfavorable, up $24 million on a year-over-year level. And R&D, 220 basis points unfavorable, increasing 
expenses $39 million on a year-over-year level. 

Our pro forma EPS of $2.83 was a 20% decrease year-over-year on declining revenues, operating margins and the 
increased effective tax rate that I mentioned. Units shipped were down slightly year-over-year at 16 million units were 
delivered for the year. The decrease in North American PND volume was partially offset by growth in other 
geographies and other segments. Our total company average selling price during the year was $168 per unit, down 5% 
from 2009. 

Looking next at our pro forma net income, as you saw from the press release this morning, the non-GAAP measures 
that we reported represent net income per share excluding the effects of foreign currency translation and the impact of 
the one-time reversal of tax reserves during 2010. This impact was $0.15 per share favorable during the fourth quarter 
and $0.05 per share favorable for Q4 2009. The full-year impact was $0.12 unfavorable in 2010 and $0.03 unfavorable 
in 2009. 

As I've mentioned deferred revenue several times in our call so far, we wanted to highlight, as we did in our press 
release, the impact of deferred revenue. As the larger percentages of PNDs include Lifetime Map updates, we must 
defer revenue according to U.S. GAAP. This table summarizes the net impact of the deferral and amortization of 
revenue and related costs both in 2009-2010. We have also provided an estimate of the net deferral for 2011 as we 
believe it will be significant as PNDs bundled with Lifetime Maps grow as a percentage of our product mix. Note that 
we are deferring revenue according to U.S. GAAP, but we are collecting the cash each year, which is reflected in our 
statement of cash flows. 

Looking next, a little bit more detail on revenue. During Q4, we experienced a 31% revenue decrease within the 
Auto/Mobile segment as both volumes and prices declined. We deferred $64 million of net revenue into future quarters. 
Our Outdoor/Fitness segment continued to grow with a 15% revenue increase when compared to Q4, 2009 on the 
strength of our Fitness products. Aviation segment revenues increased 11% compared to Q4 '09 as we continued to 
deliver into additional platforms. Our Marine segment revenues increased 9% compared to Q4 of '09 as our chart 
plotters did well in the quarter. And in total, our revenues decreased 21% during the fourth quarter. 

Looking next at revenue by geography, during the fourth quarter, North America and Europe revenues declined while 
Asia continued to post growth. For the full year, revenue declines were driven by the North American market, while 
Asia Pacific grew and Europe was stable. North America represented 61% of total revenue in fourth quarter compared 
to 67% in the year-ago quarter. Europe increased from 28% to 31% of our total revenues and Asia from 5% to 8% in 
the same period. 


Looking next at revenue by segment, the Auto/Mobile segment now represents 68% of our total business during the 
fourth quarter, which is down from 77% in 2009. Outdoor/Fitness grew to 20% of revenues in the quarter, an increase 
from 14% in 2009. On a full-year basis, Auto/Mobile revenue contribution declined from 70% to 62% with the largest 
gain in Outdoor/Fitness, which contributed 21% in 2010 compared to 16% a year ago. 

While the Auto/Mobile segment represented 68% of our total revenue during the seasonally strong fourth quarter, it 
represented only 40% of our operating income in the quarter due to the lower margin profile of the segment. The 
operating income contribution of the Outdoor/Fitness, Marine and Aviation segments were 44%, 10% and 6%, 
respectively. So in total, these segments contributed 60% of the fourth-quarter operating income and 61% of the 
full-year operating income in our business. We expect the operating income to continue to be weighted toward our 
non-Auto/Mobile segments going forward in the future. 

Next, a look at our margins by segment. In the fourth quarter, Auto/Mobile gross margin and operating margin were 
35% and 13%, respectively. This was a significant decline to 2009 levels due to the deferral of high-margin revenue 
and the deleveraging of operating expenses as revenues declined. 

Fourth-quarter Outdoor/Fitness gross margin was 66%, a slight improvement to the gross margin level throughout 
2010, but a decline from 69% last year due to a decrease in ASPs as product mix shifted in the holiday quarter. 
Operating margin within our Outdoor/Fitness segment was 48%, a decrease from 54% in the year-ago quarter due to 
the gross margin decline and the allocation of additional resources and costs to this high-growth segment. 

Our fourth quarter Marine gross margin was 63% compared to 65% a year-ago quarter. Operating margin was 29%, 
down from 36% a year ago driven primarily by gross margin and the allocation of additional resources and costs to 
support our future growth in this segment. 

And finally, the fourth quarter Aviation gross margin was 70%, which is up from 67% in the fourth quarter of '09. 
Operating margin was 26% for the quarter, up from 18% in Q4 of '09. The year-over-year improvement was primarily 
driven by gross margin improvement and reduced allocations of our SG&A costs. 

Looking next at our total operating expenses within the business, fourth-quarter operating expenses were flat on a 
year-over-year basis at $195 million but increased 490 bps as a percentage of sales due to the revenue decline. R&D 
was flat year-over-year in the fourth quarter but increased 180 basis points to 9% of sales. 

Our ad spending decreased $8 million over the year-ago quarter and increased by 30 basis points as a percentage of 
sales. We will continue to manage advertising expense based on the market dynamics in our business. SG&A increased 
$8 million compared to the year-ago quarter and 280 basis points to 9.5% of sales. The increase, as I mentioned, was 
driven by one-time legal settlements and fees. 

Next, a look at our balance sheet. We ended the quarter in the year with cash and marketable securities of over $2 
billion. Our accounts receivable increased to $747 million representing about 101 days of sales, consistent with the 
2009 level of 108 days exiting our seasonally strong Q4. Of this balance, we have already collected $362 million. Our 
inventory balances decreased $106 million to $388 million on a sequential level. Our days of inventory metric were 
down to 119 days at the end of Q4 compared to 140 days we reported at the end of Q3. 

We continue to take steps to slow production levels and ensure that working capital is maximized during 2011. And we 
ended the quarter with the following number of days of inventory: $103 million in raw materials, or 28 days; $44 
million in WIP and assemblies, or 13 days of inventory; $279 million in finished goods, or 77 days; and we ended the 
year with $38 million in inventory reserves. 

We continued to generate strong cash flow across our business as cash from operations was $185 million during the 
quarter and $771 million during the full year 2010. Capital expenditures were $9 million during the fourth quarter and 
we generated free cash flow during the quarter of $175 million. Cash flow from investing represented a $165 million 
use of cash during the quarter, made up of the following components: the $9 million I mentioned in CapEx and a $147 
million net purchase of marketable securities. Financing activities during Q4 were relatively small at $3 million use of 
cash. We earned an average of 1.3% on all cash and marketable security balances during the fourth quarter. 


We expect our strong free cash flow generation to continue in 2011. We will use a portion of the cash flow to fund the 
dividend that Cliff discussed earlier. At a $32 stock price, the annual dividend rate of $1.60 represents a yield of 5%. 
We also plan to increase our focus on possible tuck-in technology acquisitions which fit with our core markets or serve 
adjacent markets. These acquisitions will be evaluated for not only proper valuation and technology but also value, 
compatibility and strategic fit within Garmin. 

As you notice, our tax rate for the fourth quarter was 15% and 15.8% for the full year when normalizing for the 
one-time reserve reversals in Q3. We expect the 2011 rate to be between 18% and 22%, depending upon the mix of 
income within our segments. 

And finally, I'd like to give a little bit more information on the 2011 guidance. 2011 will be a transition year for Garmin 
as the PND market continues to decline, and as you can see on the right side of this slide, we have four solid growth 
segments that we intend to invest in throughout the upcoming year. The continued profitability of these segments will 
position us well as we expect to return to growth across our entire business sometime after 2011. 

So this concludes our formal remarks. We will now move to a period of question and answer. So please direct your 
questions if you have any. Thank you. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We'll hear first from Yair Reiner with Oppenheimer and Company. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: Yeah. Thank you and congrats on the good results. First on the revenue recognition and the 
deferred revenue, is there a possibility for you going forward to report non-GAAP results that would include the 
deferred revenue and the impact on the bottom line? 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: I think what we've done is we've given a 
footnote to what our U.S. GAAP numbers are where we felt like it was becoming significant enough that we identified 
it. But we don't plan to make any changes to how we report it in the future. No. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: Got it. And then in the Auto/Mobile, can you break out the contribution today from OEM? And 
you suggested on the prepared remarks that you expect OEM growth to offset some of the decline in the PND business. 
Could you perhaps quantify that for us in both percentage growth terms and in dollar terms if possible? 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Yeah. Again, we don't plan to break out our 
Auto/Mobile segment with a separate Auto OEM segment at this point. I can tell you that the overall revenues in our 
Auto OEM business are just under $100 million and it will be a growth part of our business in 20 – sorry, under $100 
million in 2010, but that will be a growth business in 2011. But we don't plan to, again, break that out at this point. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: Great. And just one more quick one if I could. I think the guidance suggests that your operating 
expenses in 2011 will be more or less flat. First of all, is that correct? And secondly, is it fair to assume that given the 
lower revenue run rate, you're going to be investing less in advertising and perhaps more in some other portion of 
operating expenses? Thank you. 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: The first question, yes, the confirmation on the 
operating expenses at this point given our guidance is roughly flat. I think what we're looking at given the PND decline 
is to evaluate how we can manage those expenses going forward. But at this point, that's baked into our guidance. 
Second question was related to revenue run rate, right? 

<A - Clifton A. Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Advertising mix. 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Oh, advertising, yeah. A big part of our 
advertising as you know, Yair, is related to volume. So just naturally, we're going to have some decline in our 


advertising spend since it's related to cooperative advertising. And then we will evaluate the other media spend during 
the year. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Mark Sue with RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q>: Hi. This is Joe on for Mark. Can you discuss your overall strategy around applications? As the mobile device 
market expands, are there new targeted areas where you're focusing or investing that may help offset the decline in the 
PND business? 

<A - Clifton A. Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Yeah, Joe, we are looking at other areas of mobile 
applications. As you know, we launched an iPhone app for turn-by-turn around CES time. And we plan to follow up 
with some additional platforms for that as well. We're also examining mobile apps in our traditional segment as well. 
Our strategy there is to complement our overall product line in web offerings so that our mobile apps fit within that 
overall strategy. But in general, I have to say that for these mobile apps, they're incremental revenue but they're not 
significant in terms of offsetting big declines in PND. 

<Q>: Okay. And on the Auto OEM, can you provide some additional color on the scale and scope of your investment 
in this strategy? I know that there are significant lead times. Just what are the obstacles and opportunities as you see it 
in expanding your relationships? 

<A - Clifton A. Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Yeah. The investment definitely is more 
significant mostly on the engineering side of the business as each program, each project requires some level of 
customization and integration into the OEM platform. The advertising and the sales and marketing are obviously 
different because this is more of a B2B business. But in general, it is a high investment level business. 

<Q>: Thank you and good luck. 

<A - Clifton A. Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Moving on, we'll hear from Tavis McCourt with Morgan Keegan. 

<Q - Tavis McCourt>: Hey. Thanks for taking my questions. In terms of the overall operating costs being roughly flat 
year-to-year, should we think of that as a decline in the PND operating costs, and then some marginal investments in 
the growth segments? 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Yeah. Simply, that's what we're working with as 
we see a decline in our largest revenue business at this point, where we have reallocated resources to the growth 
businesses that we mentioned, the non-Auto/Mobile segments. But with that includes Auto OEM, Outdoor/Fitness, 
Marine, Aviation. So yeah, all of those growth businesses for 2011 are receiving more of our internal resources to grow 
those segments. 

<Q - Tavis McCourt>: Should we think about any substantial change in the margin structure of those businesses or 
just growth in line with the revenue growth? 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: I think it's slight. For the 2011 period, as I 
mentioned, we believe it's a transition year as we reallocate some of those resources. So if you look at our overall 
operating margins, they come down. The 21% to 22% range total business, that's below where we are today. So, yes, 


there will be a slight short-term impact in that. 

<Q - Tavis McCourt>: And then I think if my numbers are correct, the inventories are slightly higher than they were 
last year at this time. Should we expect a little more seasonality in Q1 than typical because of that or is that reading too 
much into it? 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: I think you are correct on a days basis. We have 
more days from a year ago. And as you recall, we went out of the last two years in the fourth quarter with quite a bit of 
inventory which not only in our business but also in the dealers' and distributors' business, had some destocking impact. 
I think seasonally we would expect Q1 to be one of our lowest quarters in terms of revenue. But no major changes from 
year-over-year in that regard. 

<Q - Tavis McCourt>: Okay. And then can you talk about how you are allocating the corporate shared expenses 
between segments at this point, maybe a rough estimate of how much those are? And are they split equally, are they 
split based on percentage of revenues or percentage operating income? Any guidance there would be... 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: I think it depends on which expenses we're 
talking about. But in general, our methodology is to allocate many of the overhead, the admin, the SG&A costs based 
on a percentage of sales. So what we're seeing is, as I think you already pointed to, that will have a short-term impact 
on the margin structure of these other growth businesses as they get a larger piece of the overall operating expenses 
within our business. 

<Q - Tavis McCourt>: And can you talk about what the actual size is of those shared expenses, even just a rough 
number? 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: We're not prepared to disclose that type of an 
impact. 

<Q - Tavis McCourt>: Okay. And one last one I promise. On the deferred revenue impact, the table you gave I think 
provided the increase in deferred revenues year-over-year in each quarter and for the full year. But isn't there the 
offsetting impact of previous deferred revenue being amortized to the income statement every quarter at this point? 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Yes. Yeah, and this is actually – these numbers 
that I showed are actually net of that amortization. 

<Q - Tavis McCourt>: Okay. 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: So, yeah, we've already taken that into 
consideration. Yeah. 

<Q - Tavis McCourt>: And how far along on that penetration are we in terms of what percentage of PND sales at this 
point are with Lifetime Maps, just so we can get a sense of is this one more year of this sort of impact before it's all 
penetrated? Or does it take a few years? 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Yeah. Right, we're still using roughly a 
three-year product life assumption into these numbers, and we know that 2011 will increase on its impact to our P&L. 
2012 will actually still have an impact, but it won't be as significant in the out years as we kind of forecast. A lot of it 
depends on what the consumer does and how many they buy bundled or unbundled with Lifetime Maps, we think will 
have less of an impact net of the future amortization. So 2011 is probably the peak when it appears and then it improves 
in 2012 and 2013. 

<Q - Tavis McCourt>: Great. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Thanks. 

Operator 


[Operator Instructions] We'll hear next from John Bright with Avondale Partners. 

<Q - Thomas Kucera>: Thank you. This is Tom Kucera for John Bright. I actually wanted to follow up a little bit on 
the deferred revenue question, and maybe just more broadly, looking at the PND market. There's a lot of dynamics 
here, there's this change in composition in deferred revenue. There's sort of continued price contraction and the thought 
that the market is declining. Do you guys have maybe a thought as to what sort of operating margin target you're 
looking at? Optically I guess it declined year-on-year. And maybe a thought as to as that business shrinks, how you can 
manage those operating margins? 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: I think it's difficult to predict. I think we're still 

– we ended Q4 at 13%, which was the low point of the year. For the full year, we had a 20% operating margin within 
our Auto/Mobile segment. I don't believe we'll continue at 20% as we already talked about. We'll see some decline due 
to revenue deleveraging throughout 2011 and probably into future years. We're not really prepared to give a target of 
operating margin within each of our segments, but just the expectation that will decline during the upcoming year. 
<Q - Thomas Kucera>: Or maybe to put it another way, do you have confidence that this business can remain sort of 
operating income profitable at a much smaller level? 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Yeah. Yeah, I think we were focusing on the 
non-PND segments because they were generating so much more operating income but we still forecast that the PND 
business, it's a business that's generating positive cash flow in the future, yes. 

<Q - Thomas Kucera>: Thank you. And if we can touch on Aviation and Marine. It sounds like you're assuming a 
much better underlying market, or maybe at least a better underlying market for Marine than you are for Aviation. Is 
that fair in terms of the economic environment? 

<A - Clifton A. Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Yeah, Tom, this is Cliff. I think the Marine 
market will rebound a little quicker than Aviation because it's more of a consumer-related item and a bigger market. 
But we do see both markets trending upward as the economy improves, although Aviation will be slower. 

<Q - Thomas Kucera>: Got it. And lastly, I wanted to ask on Fitness, what are your thoughts on market share in that 
business looking at 2011? 

<A - Clifton A. Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Yeah, I think that the market is somewhat 
fragmented by different product categories and where we're strongest is in the running market, in the GPS-enabled 
running market where we believe we're the number one player. We're not really prepared to give you an exact number 
right now but that is where our focus has been. In the heart rate non-GPS area, I think that's dominated by other players 
and we only have a small percentage of market share there. 

<Q - Thomas Kucera>: Okay. And the last question I wanted to touch on was on SG&A and I don't know if you've 
given an exact number on this, but without that legal settlement, would that have comped flat-to-down year-on-year? 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Yeah, it would have been roughly flat, yes. 

<Q - Thomas Kucera>: Right. Thank you. 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from J. B. Groh with D.A. Davidson. 

<Q - J. B. Groh>: Morning, guys. 

<A - Clifton A. Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Morning. 


<Q - J. B. Groh>: Hey, Kevin, I had a question on this deferred – it's probably in the filing somewhere but what's the 
amortization period on a Map, typically? 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: You mean on how we defer? 

<Q - J. B. Groh>: Yeah. 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: We're deferring over a three-year period and 
then re-amortizing, yeah. 

<Q - J. B. Groh>: And so is it like a straight line? Or does it... 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Yeah. 

<Q - J. B. Groh>: Yeah, okay. Okay, and then I saw some stuff on some blogs about the 4G buildout and how that 
could maybe present some problems for GPS. Maybe, Cliff, you could talk about that a little bit? 

<A - Clifton A. Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Yeah. I think there's some activity going on now 
with new 4G systems and there's some potential that those systems could cause some impact to GPS operation. We're 
working with the right governments on an industry level, people to be able to mitigate that and make sure it's not a 
factor. But I think like everything, there's lots of information in the world, lots of different uses for GPS and all those 
have to be sorted out in order to make sure that the new system is no impact. 

<Q - J. B. Groh>: So there'll be – the goal is to have compatibility there, of course, okay. 

<A - Clifton A. Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Yeah, absolutely. I mean GPS is a national asset. 
So we don't really foresee that that's going to be changed in the 4G system, yeah. 

<Q - J. B. Groh>: Okay. Okay, good. And then, Kevin, I don't think you've ever broken out the Outdoor and Fitness, 
what those chunks are just for modeling. I'm assuming that'll be in the filings. But can you just kind of ballpark for us 
what the... 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Yeah. We will start, as we mentioned and Cliff 
mentioned, I think that we're going to be breaking those out, Outdoor and Fitness, as discrete segments in 2011. Since 
we didn't do it in 2010, I can tell you that the Outdoor is still the largest segment and Fitness had been growing more 
rapidly. Fitness is somewhere between 40% and 45% of that total segment. But we'll give absolute numbers as we 
report in Q1. 

<Q - J. B. Groh>: Okay. That's helpful. All right. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Thank you. 

<A - Clifton A. Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Thanks, J. B. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Jonathan Goldberg with Deutsche Bank. 
<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: Good morning. 
<A - Clifton A. Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Morning, Jonathan. 
<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: My question is can you just talk a little bit about sustainability in the margins in Outdoor 


and Fitness? Compared to any other consumer electronics category, they're pretty good. How long do you think you 


can keep that up for? 
<A - Clifton A. Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: I think our product categories are still in the 
technology and innovation growth side of the business and are higher-end products. So we believe that overall the 



market should be able to sustain higher margins there. As we have introduced low-end products, expand the market, 
you've seen our ASPs come down and our margins come down a little bit. But we feel like that's generally sustainable 
over time and at this point, we don't believe that competitive factors are going to impact in terms of our margin 
structure. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: And are you seeing any signs of new interest in any of the various sub categories? 

<A - Clifton A. Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Yeah, I think we saw the announcement by Nike 
over at CES with entering with a new sports watch, which we expected. We've experienced competition in this space 
up until now as well, though. Timex and others are involved in the category. And so it's an area that's attractive to a lot 
of people. But we believe we have strong products and sustainability. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Thomas Lee with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Thomas Lee>: Hi. Thanks for taking my call. One clarification, just PND units for the quarter, roughly what 
percentage were they? If you could provide that? 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: What percentage of...? 

<Q - Thomas Lee>: Of the total units? 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Oh, the total units? Yeah, we shipped – we don't 
actually break those out, but it's a pretty similar relationship to our overall revenue. 

<Q - Thomas Lee>: Okay. 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: It was 6.1 million and a large percentage of that 
is in the PND market, yeah. We don't break the PND numbers out publicly. 

<Q - Thomas Lee>: Got you. Got you. Got it. And then just on your expectations for free cash flow for this year. I 
think you talked about you expect to generate a strong free cash flow this year? I mean do you think it'll grow versus 
last year's level? How should we think just in terms of that trajectory? 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Well I think if you look at our operating profit 
or cash flow from operations because of the decline in the PND market, it would be difficult for us grow our free cash 
flow or our cash flow from operations. We think we can manage working capital to help offset some of that. And of 
course, the deferred revenue actually helps on the cash. But from an operational cash flow, it should not increase, no. 

<Q - Thomas Lee>: Got you. How about for any sense in terms of for 2012? Is the expectation for that to grow? Or is 
it just, it's probably too far? 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Well as we said, we believe 2011 is a difficult 
year from a growth perspective but we have good growth opportunities across our business and I think the PND 
transition will – hopefully, by the time we get to 2012 will help us. And we should start to see growth in that area. It's 
way too preliminary to be able to give any kind of numbers for 2012, though. 

<Q - Thomas Lee>: Fair enough. And then just embedded in your revenue guidance, I was curious to get your 
thoughts in terms of what unit assumptions you're using for PNDs. I think TomTom recently said they expect the 
market to be down 10% to 15% in units. Is that roughly kind of in line with what you're thinking? 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Yes, that's our expectation, too, is roughly a 
10% global unit decline. I think what we expect to see is a little bit more than that in North America. Probably close to 
that in Europe and then we still expect to see some growth in Asia-Pacific, Latin America, some of these emerging 


markets. So overall, I think 10% seems to be pretty reasonable to us as well. 

<Q - Thomas Lee>: Got you. And then last question. I think this may have been asked earlier, so I apologize, but just 
in terms of the quarterly trajectory of your operating margins, I know the full year guidance 20% to 21%, but is that 
first half likely to be below 20% and then to ramp kind of through the year? Is that kind of how we should think about 
the margin trajectory throughout the year? 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: I think if you look at our past history, we tend to 
have higher gross margins in the first half, and we did have a benefit of warranty last year of about $40 million in the 
first half 2010. But in Q1, because of the relative size of our sales, we would expect the operating margin to be below 
our full-year number on 21% to 22%, and then improving throughout the year. 

<Q - Thomas Lee>: Got it. Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Okay. 

Operator 

Moving on, we'll hear next from Woo Jin Ho with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Woo Jin Ho>: Great. Thank you. In terms of the Fitness segment, Cliff, how are you thinking about the 
development of this market in 2011? You are forecasting 25% on a year-on-year basis. But is this still a niche market in 
your mind? Or is it more of a mainstream category? And can you balance those comments out with the margin 
comments that you made earlier, the gross margin comments you made earlier? 

<A - Clifton A. Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: I think that the overall category is still somewhat 
in the niche category, although, obviously, the volumes there are bigger than Aviation and those kinds of things. But it's 
nowhere near what a PND market is, that kind of thing. So that's why we feel that the margin structure and the overall 
competitive position in the market will allow us to sustain our margin structure there. 

<Q - Woo Jin Ho>: Is there a potential point of inflection possibly in the second half given the growing competition or 
the potential of the competition to grow the market itself? 

<A - Clifton A. Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: So an inflection in growth in the market? 

<Q - Woo Jin Ho>: In terms of units, yes. 

<A - Clifton A. Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Yeah, I think it depends on how many people 
want to get fit. But I think that the way we see it it's probably more of a linear growth kind of a market even with the 
entrance of new players. 

<Q - Woo Jin Ho>: Got it. And in terms of the Avionics or the Aviation business, you're forecasting a 5% growth in 
2011 off of a pretty challenging 2010, though you were still up 7% on a year-on-year basis. I'm curious, why this more 
conservatism especially given that the underlying market itself is improving? 

<A - Clifton A. Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Yeah, it depends. I think if you listen to the OEM 
makers, they're still somewhat concerned about 2011, although the view has improved since the passage of the tax bill 
in late last year, which does spur some interest in buying new aircraft. But I think in general the market is a long 
book/bill kind of a market and takes a while to see revenues come through that are generated by new interest. There's 
still quite a few aircraft that are available for sale both in the used and the new market. So, as a result, I think we're still 
working through some of the inventory/economic issues that we've faced throughout the year. And I think with that in 
mind, we still are cautiously optimistic because we have new product categories coming, new products as well as 
seeing a full year of products like the Phenom and other high-end aircraft that we're a part of. 

<Q - Woo Jin Ho>: Great, thank you. 


Operator 

And we'll take our final question today from Charlie Anderson with Dougherty & Co. 

<Q - Charlie Anderson>: Good morning, thanks for taking my questions. I wonder if you could speak to sort of the 
dividend policy. Your business has been down the last couple of years, but then the dividend is going up. So just if you 
could give me commentary around that relationship, how you're determining the size of the dividend relative to the 
trends you're seeing, that would be great. 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Okay, sure. I think we did pay a dividend last 
year as Cliff mentioned in 2010 and we were watching to see what was going to occur around the tax bill. But as you 
know, we got some good news late last year that the tax rates were going to stay relatively low. So we felt that the 
company and given our excess cash, that we would pay back the shareholders at roughly a 5% dividend yield based on 
current pricing, stock price. And so we feel like given the fact that we don't have – we're not expecting EPS growth, we 
still feel like this is a good way to pay back the shareholders. 

And if we look at our future cash flows, not only on the PND business but across our growth businesses that we've 
already identified, we believe that the cash will continue to be strong generation of that in the future. But not only do 
we have a strong cash balance with no debt today, we feel like that's going to grow. And that gives us a little bit more 
confidence to pay consistent dividends as long as the tax rates stay down where they are today. 

<Q - Charlie Anderson>: So you would look to continually raise? I mean, is there a true relationship to the trend of 
the business? How should I think about that? 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: I don't think you should read that into your 
comment. I think that... 

<Q - Charlie Anderson>: Yeah, yeah. 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: We're at $1.60, which is above the $1.50 from 
last year. This just signals that we feel comfortable with the cash balances today. We'll comment later on whether we 
want to raise, but I don't think you can read that in today. 

<Q - Charlie Anderson>: Got it. And then just you guys mentioned that non-PND was 61% of operating income for 
the year and that will go up I think in '11. I wonder kind of what will remain into the year to come when I think about 
operating income mix in 2011 and where does it shake out PND versus non-PND in your mind? 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: I don't think we're – I can probably look that up. 
I don't think we're prepared to talk about it. I mean, it's obviously growing but I don't want to name a number without 
looking at that. 

<Q - Charlie Anderson>: Okay, thanks so much. 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

That does conclude our question and answer session for today. I'll turn the conference back over to Mr. Kevin 
Rauckman for any additional or closing remarks. 

Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Okay. Well thanks, everyone, for your interest in the company and for participating in our call. We look forward to 
working through 2011 and looking forward to your interest in our company. Thanks very much for joining us. 


Operator 

That does conclude today's conference. Thank you all once again for your participation and have a wonderful day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


