Q2 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 


• Kerri Thurston 
• Clifton Pemble 
• Kevin Rauckman 
Other Participants 

• Amir Rozwadowski 
• Yair Reiner 
• John Bright 
• Vivek Arya 
• Thomas Lee 
• Joseph Longobardi 
• Jonathan Goldberg 
• Ilya Grozovsky 
• Scott Sutherland 
• James Faucette 
• J. B. Groh 
• Paul Coster 
• Rich Valera 
• Ben Bollin 
• Reik Read 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day and welcome to the Garmin Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being 
recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Ms. Kerri Thurston. 

Kerri Thurston 

Good morning. And we'd like to welcome you to Garmin Limited's Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Call. Please note 
that a copy of the press release concerning this earnings call is available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the 
Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. 

Additionally, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet. Please note that this webcast does include slides, which 
can be viewed during the call. An archive of the webcast will be available until September 15. A transcript of the call 
will be available on our website. 

This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and our 
businesses. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market shares, product 
introduction, future demand for our products, and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking 
events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur and actual results could differ materially as a 


result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-Q for the 
quarter ended June 26, 2010, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission this morning. 

Attending on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Dr. Min Kao, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Cliff 
Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer; Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; and Andrew 
Etkind, General Counsel. The presenters for this morning's call are Cliff Pemble and Kevin Rauckman. 

At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Cliff. 

Clifton Pemble 

Thank you, Kerri, and good morning everyone. As you've read from our press release this morning, Garmin announced 
second quarter results that include revenue, unit and pro forma earnings per share growth. We experienced revenue and 
unit delivery growth all four business segments, highlighted by stronger than expected results in our Outdoor/Fitness 
and Marine businesses. Margins remained robust for the quarter. Consolidated gross margin was 54% and consolidated 
operating margin was 28%. 

As a result, our pro forma EPS for the quarter was $0.85 per share, which represents a 2% increase over Q2 of 2009. 
We also generated $172 million in free cash flow during the quarter. Our strong cash position enabled us to pay a 
dividend of $1.50 per share and we used additional cash to repurchase 1.6 million shares of stock during the quarter. 

Moving now to segment highlights, we are pleased to report that Marine revenues grew 23% year-over-year, which was 
stronger than our previous estimates. We see two factors behind our strong performance in the marine market. First, 
industry trends continued to show signs of recovery as more people return to boating. 

In addition, we continue to gain market share on the strength of our product lineup. Throughout the remainder of the 
year, we will be focused on expanding our product offerings and gaining additional share in both the retrofit and OEM 
markets. 

In July, we announced an exciting win that further illustrates the progress we are making in the marine OEM market. 
Bayliner, a division of Brunswick, will feature Garmin Marine electronics in all of their navigation packages starting 
with the 2011 model year. 

Bayliner manufactures 16 to 33-foot runabouts and cruisers that focus on value and performance, making Garmin a 
perfect partner. We're excited about this new partnership and look forward to seeing Garmin products offered by 
Bayliner in the upcoming model year. 

Moving next to Aviation, revenue grew 1% year-over-year, driven by improvements in the retrofit and portable 
markets. While year-to-date growth in the Aviation segment now stands at 6%, the recovery of this industry continues 
to lag that of the broader economy, and in particular, the OEM market remains weak. With that in mind, we remain 
focused on expanding addressable markets with additional helicopter and business jet certifications that will drive 
future growth. 

We have recently completed two noteworthy aircraft certifications. The first is the G500H, glass cockpit, for the Bell 
206 Series and Model 407 helicopters. In addition to displaying the essential flight information such as attitude and air 
data, the G500H, also provides integrated traffic, weather, synthetic vision, terrain warning and obstacle avoidance 
functions. 

We also announced the certification of the G1000 integrated flight deck as a retrofit solution for the Cessna 525 
CitationJet. This is our first retrofit solution for a business jet, which delivers one of the most robust avionics systems 
in the market today. CitationJet owners can transform their cockpit with a modern G1000 System that includes 
advanced features such as our fully-integrated all-digital flight control and synthetic vision. 

Turning next to the Outdoor/Fitness segment, we achieved year-over-year revenue growth of 32%, which exceeded our 
expectations. Once again, the segment posted strong operating margin performance, coming in at 44% for the second 


quarter. 

The growth in this segment, combined with a strong margin profile, allowed it to contribute 31% of consolidated 
operating income for the quarter. We continue to focus on expanding the footprint of our distribution and providing a 
broader set of product offerings to expand our addressable market, enabling further growth in this segment. 

The primary factor driving growth in this segment is our broad product portfolio, offering something for every 
customer at key price points across the segments. Products like our Edge 500 for cyclists and the Forerunner 110 for 
runners offer innovation and affordability, targeting value-oriented consumers, while products like Oregon series and 
Forerunner 310XT offer high-end features that consumers in this market demand. By offering a broad spectrum of 
products, we are able to attract a wide and growing customer base. 

In the Auto/Mobile segment, we experienced a 2% year-over-year revenue increase. Volumes increased 4%, but were 
offset by declines in ASP. While Q2 market research is not yet available, we believe our volume trend is going to 
increase global market share, driven by consolidation. 

Operating margins were strong at 20%, considering the significant investments in R&D and advertising that were made 
in the quarter. 

Given the evolving market trends, we now expect total industry unit volumes to be down slightly in 2010, due to the 
higher penetration rates and increasing competition from other platforms, such as the mobile phone and in-dash 
automotive equipment. We will continue to target market share gains, particularly in Europe and Asia in order to 
outperform the industry. We expect that this segment will continue to be a significant source of free cash flow in the 
near term. 

As the market matures, replacement buyers are an important part of the consumer mix. As such, we are focused on 
attracting the repeat buyers with innovative form factors and compelling new features. In our recent nüvi 3700 series, 
these innovations included a capacitive multi-touch display with an accelerometer as well as traffic trends and 
myTrends advanced routing capabilities. 

Finally, we continue to pursue in-dash automotive opportunities, while development cycles in the automotive industry 
are longer. One opportunity that recently came to fruition is the 2011 Jeep Grand Cherokee, which offers Garmin 
navigation as a premium option. 

Next, I would like to provide an update on our mobile handset initiatives. We launched our Android-based A50 with 
T-Mobile in June and more recently with O2 in Germany and Optus in Australia. Sales of our device at T-Mobile have 
been below our plan, and we are working aggressively with the carrier on the appropriate positioning and pricing of our 
device in this hyper-competitive space. 

We also launched the nüvifone A10 with KPN in Netherlands, Telenor in Denmark, Tele2 in Sweden, and Optus in 
Australia. The A50 and A10 have received favorable reviews, not only for their navigation capabilities, which is our 
forte, but also for the ease of use and features we added on top of the Android operating system. 

We recognize the hyper-competitive nature of the wireless industry, and even some of the larger players are 
experiencing margin and profitability challenges. With this in mind, we are focusing on fewer, more targeted projects 
with a rationalized level of investment given the current trends that we see in the industry. We will continue to monitor 
sales at T-Mobile and other carriers to evaluate our long-term strategy. 

Finally, I would like to update you on our 2010 guidance. On the top line the revenue range has been lowered slightly 
to 2.8 to $3.0 billion, based on several considerations including lower sales of the nüvifone, anticipated softening of the 
PND market as well as unfavorable foreign exchange movements. 

However, EPS and margin estimates remain unchanged from our previous guidance in light of better than expected 
performance during the first half of 2010. 


This concludes my business update, and next I'll turn the call over to Kevin, who will walk us through the financial 
results in more detail. Kevin? 

Kevin Rauckman 

Thanks. Cliff, and again good morning, everyone. I wanted to jump right in and give you a more detailed look at our 
second quarter first beginning with the income statement. 

You can see that our revenue came in at 729 million, and net income of 135 million, for a pro forma EPS of $0.85 per 
share, excluding our foreign currency loss during the period. Our revenues increased 9% year-over-year and our gross 
margin was 53.7%, a 110 basis point improvement over 2009. This increase was partially driven by a refined warranty 
estimate that contributed 290 basis points to our gross margin line. 

The operating income increased 1% to 202 million, compared to 199 million in the second quarter a year ago. 
Operating margins of 27.7% were down slightly from 29.8% a year ago. That operating margin change was made up of 
the following categories. Gross margin was 110 basis points favorable. Our advertising increased 9 million on a 
year-over-year basis and was 70 basis points unfavorable. Our other SG&A line was up 12 million year-over-year and 
80 basis points unfavorable and our R&D increased 16 million year-over-year for 170 basis points unfavorable. 

So the pro forma EPS of $0.85 per share represented a 2% increase year-over-year on revenue growth and strong 
margins. The effective tax rate that we booked for the period was 18%. 

Units shipped were up 8% year-over-year as 4 million units were delivered during the quarter. This increase was driven 
by all of our business segments. In the total company, average selling price was $182 per unit, up 1% from a year ago, 
but down sequentially as our Auto/Mobile contributed more revenue during Q2. The Auto/Mobile ASP decreased 1% 
compared to the prior year, down to $144. 

Briefly on the pro forma net income, the non-GAAP measures that we reported represent net income per share 
excluding the effects of foreign currency translation. This impact was $0.18 per share favorable during the second 
quarter and $0.02 per share favorable during the second quarter of 2009. 

Looking at revenue by the four segments during Q2 we experienced as I said a 2% revenue increase within the 
Auto/Mobile segment, due primarily to growth within the OEM and mobile handset business. 

Our Outdoor/Fitness segment continued to grow with a 32% revenue increase, compared to the second quarter with 
both Outdoor and Fitness categories contributing to the growth. 

Our Aviation segment revenues increased 1% compared to Q2 '09 with growth in retrofit and portable products. 

And our Marine segment revenues increased 23%, compared to Q2 '09, as the industry is recovering and we appear to 
be gaining market share. So in total, our revenues increased 9% during the quarter. 

Looking next at a split by geography, during Q2 all three geographic regions around the world posted year-over-year 
improvement, with Europe and Asia growing 14% and 37%, respectively. North America represented 62% of our 
revenue in the second quarter compared to 65% a year ago. Europe increased from 30 to 31% and Asia from 5 to 7% in 
the same time period. 

The Auto/Mobile segment represented 61% of our total business during Q2, down from 65% in 2009, and our 
Outdoor/Fitness grew to 20% of revenues in the quarter, a 4% increase from 2009. While the Auto/Mobile segment 
represented 61% of our total revenue, that segment represented only 44% of our operating income in the quarter, due to 
the lower margin profile of the segment. 

The operating income contribution of Outdoor/Fitness, Marine and Aviation segments were 31%, 16% and 9%, 
respectively. In total, these segments contributed 56% of our second quarter operating income in 2010, and 63% of the 
year-to-date operating income. 


Next, a brief summary of our margin structure at Garmin. In the second quarter, the Auto/Mobile gross margin and 
operating margin were 46% and 20%, respectively. This represents year-over-year improvement in gross margins due 
to a decline in per unit cost, including the warranty estimate refinement offset by a slight ASP decline. 

Operating margins declined 400 basis points due to the strong R&D and advertising investment during the quarter. Q2 
Outdoor/Fitness gross margin was 65%, down from 68% last year, due to product mix. The operating margin was 44%, 
a decline from 47% in the year ago quarter, due to the gross margin impact. 

Q2 Marine gross margin came in at 66% compared to 59% in the year ago quarter, as the product mix shifted to our 
high-end chart plotters and networked marine solutions. Operating margin was 43%, up from 36% a year ago driven by 
the strong gross margin. 

And finally our Q2 Aviation gross margin was 70%, down from 74% in Q2 '09, but in line with our expectations. 
Operating margin was 29% for the quarter. This year-over-year decline is consistent with the gross margin impact. 

Moving next to our operating expenses, Q2 operating expenses increased 37 million on a year-over-year basis, from 
153 million in Q2 '09 to 190 million in Q2 2010 and increased 310 basis points as a percentage of sales. R&D increased 
17 million year-over-year in Q2 and was up 170 basis points to 10.1% of sales. We now employ over 2,400 engineers 
and engineering associates worldwide and remain committed to continued product innovation. 

Our ad spending increased 8 million over the year ago quarter, an increase of 70 basis points as a percentage of sales 
from 5.1% to 5.8%. This was largely driven by our advertising associated with our mobile handset initiative. 

And other SG&A increased 12 million, compared to the year ago quarter, an 80 basis point increase to 10.1% of sales. 
This increase represented expenses associated with our redomestication to Switzerland as well as growth in both our 
product support and information technology areas. 

Looking next at our balance sheet for end of the quarter we ended Q2 with cash and marketable securities of over 1.8 
billion. Our accounts receivable increased to 499 million, as we exited the seasonally strong Q2. AR accounted for 
approximately 61 days of sales, down slightly from 63 days a year ago. 

Our inventory balances increased 3 million to 359 million, as increased work in process was offset by lower finished 
goods inventory during the quarter. And our days of inventory metric was up to 76 days at the end of Q2, compared to 
68 days a year ago, however, consistent with our expectations for inventory levels. 

We ended June with the following components of inventory: 94 million in raw materials, or 18 days of inventory, 58 
million in WIP and assembly or 12 days of inventory and 246 million in finished goods, around 46 days of inventory. 
Our inventory reserves at the end of the quarter were $40 million. 

Garmin continued to generate strong cash flow across the business as cash from operations was 182 million during the 
second quarter. We incurred CapEx of 9 million during the second quarter, which brought our free cash flow to 
approximately 172 million. 

Cash flow from investing provided 41 million of cash during Q2 made up of the CapEx, 53 million net redemption of 
marketable securities and a $3 million purchase of intangibles. 

Our financing activities used 334 million of cash during Q2. We repurchased 37 million in stock, paid a $299 million 
dividend in April, and then on the remaining of balance and cash and marketable securities we earned an average of 
1.2% during the quarter. 

As I just mentioned, in Q2 we paid our 2010 annual dividend at a rate of $1.50 per share representing a $299 million 
use of cash. During Q2, we also repurchased 1.6 million shares of common stock for approximately 52.5 million. 
Subsequent to the quarter, we repurchased an additional 3 million shares. The repurchase plan for 300 million that 
expires at the end of 2011 now has 111.6 million available for purchase. 

Other future uses of cash include the fact we are evaluating a number of acquisition opportunities. And finally, our tax 
rate for the quarter was 18%. Our expectation for the full-year rate will be between 15 and 18%. 


Finally I'd like to provide an overview of our updated 2010 revenue guidance. Cliff went over the entire guidance, but 
our revenue by segment will be the following: We first of all have a revenue overall between 2.8 and $3 billion with 
EPS unchanged due to the great margin performance in the first and second quarter. We've increased the revenue 
outlook for our Outdoor/Fitness segment and our Marine segment, offset by a decline in the Aviation and Auto/Mobile 
forecast. 

So that ends our formal comments for the quarter, I'd like to open it up at this point for any questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll now take our first question from Amir Rozwadowski with Barclays 
Capital. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: Thank you very much. Good morning, Cliff, Kevin and Kerri. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Good morning. 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Hi. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: Cliff, I wanted to ask, you had mentioned that now you're sort of looking at the overall 
PND market as sort of declining units for the year. I was wondering if you could give us a little bit of color on where 
you see things from a geographic standpoint? And sort of what leads you to that, is it sort of greater weakness in 
Europe, is it tempering demand trends in the U.S. or any color along those lines would be helpful? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: I think in terms of percentages, Europe is definitely declining a little faster than what we 
anticipate North America would do. Keep in mind these are market research estimates, so I think that it's only as clear 
as the analysts and others that view the market can really give. In Europe, we see maybe down 9%, and in North 
America, down maybe 7% for 2010. So the total worldwide is currently forecasted to be down about 5%. So the 
declines in Europe and North America offset by growth in Asia and Latin American markets. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: That's helpful. And then you cited a number of factors that caused sort of the reduction in 
your sales outlook for the year. I was wondering which was sort of the largest contributor there? Is it a mix of 
everything or is it sort of the PND side or perhaps Garmin phone not performing as well as you would have liked? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: I think there is a generous mix of all those factors in the reduction that we took. They all had 
enough of an impact that we felt like reducing the top-line was appropriate. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: Okay. That's helpful. And then, lastly if I may, obviously we saw a pickup in the OpEx 
this quarter, a material pick up on the year-over-year and sequential basis. I was wondering if you could give us a little 
bit of color of how much of that OpEx was used to support the launch of the Garmin phone. And as you'd mentioned 
that you're going to be looking at more rationalized investment going forward, is there a metric you can provide us in 
terms of where you think that sort of investment level would be on a go-forward basis? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Well, Amir, I can talk a little bit about Q2. I think in general we put a Q2 TV ad campaign in 
place, which was aligned with our handset initiative in the June and July timeframe – early July timeframe. And that 
number was somewhere in the order of magnitude of around $10 million from our end. I think there is some – 
definitely some one-time expenses that we had hit the quarter that would probably not continue, but I think if you just 
look at our guidance of roughly 24% of total operating expenses for the year, I think that's still definitely achievable for 
us. So hopefully that helps you. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: Great, thanks very much for the incremental color. 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Thanks, Amir. 


Operator 

We'll go next to Yair Reiner with Oppenheimer and Company. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: Thank you. Congrats on the good results. In terms of the PND segment, are you seeing anything in 
terms of retailers plans for the back half of the year, that also making you more cautious or is it just overall demand 
trends in the market? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: I think it's really overall. We still see a strong seasonality to this product category so we're 
expecting to have a strong Christmas season, as usual. So I think it's mostly just overall. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: Okay. And then, gross margin, you didn't change your gross margin targets for the year, even 
though you've had two very strong quarters kind of on that line. Are you being conservative there, or what kind of 
scenarios would it take to actually drive gross margins in the back half of a year to a level where 46 to 48% is where we 
come out at the end of the year? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: I think we're being cautious going into the back half, as Cliff said, we're committed to a 
strong seasonality in the fourth quarter, but as you know we typically have our lowest margins in that period too. So we 
have forecasted a decline in PND margins, especially as we go through the back half of the year, which is 
representative of our 48% gross margin at the high end. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: Got it. And then if I could have a follow-up on the OpEx. So, if we back into a total OpEx for the 
year of somewhere between 670 million to 700 million, is that kind of in the ballpark of what you're budgeting? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: I think that's within range, yeah. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: Thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go next to John Bright with Avondale Partners. 
<Q - John Bright>: Thank you. Good morning. Kevin, was pricing down in Aviation this quarter? 
<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Pricing down in Aviation? 
<Q - John Bright>: Yes. 
<A - Kevin Rauckman>: We typically don't look at ASPs in Aviation, but in general, we really didn't see any impact 


on pricing in that segment. 
<Q - John Bright>: Okay. On the Auto OEM side of your business, how big is that today? 
<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Unfortunately, we don't break that down but we did see an increase in our business in the 


Auto OEM category, but it's just a component of our overall Auto/Mobile segment. 
<Q - John Bright>: Right. 
<A - Kevin Rauckman>: It's all we can – really all we can disclose at this point. 
<Q - John Bright>: Well, if I think about looking – if I think looking forward to the in-dash opportunities, maybe 


characterize how big you think those opportunities might be over the next year or so. And then how are you going to 
penetrate those further? 


<A - Clifton Pemble>: I think each opportunity is incremental, John. So it takes a few wins to really start to build 
some visible momentum. We are really pleased with the launch of the Jeep Grand Cherokee, as it does represent first 
real in-dash win in the Automotive segment. But the other thing to keep in mind is that the development cycle of these 
opportunities is quite long. It takes several years to go through the process start to finish. So we would expect that the 
revenue would continue to grow over time during the next three to five years. 

<Q - John Bright>: Okay. Then lastly on the Marine segment, can you characterize the – what you view as the value 
of the Bayliner OEM announcement this quarter? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Well, again, each opportunity is incremental and the Marine market is very much known for a 
lot of players in a fragmented industry, so we view each one as an incremental step towards as gaining more share in 
the OEM market, and each one is important. 

<Q - John Bright>: Last question and this goes to Kevin. Last quarter I think I asked you, Kevin, whether or not you 
thought operating income would on an annual basis from Outdoor/Fitness, Aviation, Marine overtake Auto/Mobile. 
You have, I think thus far the first two quarters, granted the last quarter seasonally strong. Why don't you think that will 
be the case this year? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Well, I think we still have large expenses going into the holiday season with that it's still a 
roughly a 1.8 or $1.9 billion business on the top line for Auto/Mobile. So we still are committed to investing heavily in 
that, but still are generating, like I said, 20% type operating margin. We don't see a lot of change from the answer from 
a quarter ago. 

<Q - John Bright>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Thank you, John. 

Operator 

We will go next to [ph] Andrea James with Sidoti & Company (30:18). 

<Q>: Good morning, guys. 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Good morning. 

<Q>: Can you give us – can you tell us a little about how wireless affected the Auto/Mobile operating margin and 
maybe what it would have been without the wireless segment? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: We don't break that down, but we definitely the margin structure in the handset business is 
much lower than in the Auto OEM – in the PND business. So it impacted us negatively, clearly on the operating margin 
line, but even with that still again posted pretty strong operating margins within the overall segment. 

<Q>: Okay. And then I'm just trying to get a sense of how many handsets are still in the channel. We're estimating I 
guess, maybe you shipped about 77,000, am I looking at that right and can you talk a little bit about sell through? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: I think we've shipped some number more than that. Sell-through as we mentioned with 
T-Mobile has been below our plan. So there's more on the channel in North America. Internationally, the opportunities 
there are country-by-country and typically those are smaller markets. So the sell-in has been a smaller number than 
what we do here in North America. But at the same time, the sell-out in some of those markets has been really 
encouraging. So I think it's a mixed story in terms of sell-in and sell-out, depending on the market. 

<Q>: Thank you. I guess another question would be, too, you guys cut the prices. Have you seen some sort of response 
to the price cuts, is that working? I know it's been a short amount of time. 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Yeah, I think it's probably too early to tell. I think the retail momentum that is out there means 
that any changes that you make take some time to filter through and really understand the data. 


<Q>: Again, and finally, just a question about the acquisitions. Can you give us any color on that comment? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: I think we've talked about this over the last couple of quarters. There's opportunities in each 
one of our segments where we feel like we can acquire technology that would be hopefully easy to integrate into our 
business or relatively easy to integrate into our business, generally not talking about large acquisitions, but more 
smaller, focused acquisitions that can help us gain market share in the various segments that we operate in. 

<Q>: Thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Thanks. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Vivek Arya with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Thank you. Good morning. Cliff, I have a sort of a longer-term question, what do you think is 
Garmin's – how do you look at Garmin's longer-term operating model? The non-PND segments are, of course, doing 
very well. PNDs remain a drag. So this year I think, you're guiding to roughly flattish sort of year-over-year sales 
growth and this is a cyclically – a year there is actually cyclical recovery. So over the next few years, how do you think 
about driving top line growth in the business? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Well, we see our core businesses our Marine, Outdoor/Fitness and Aviation providing steady 
growth throughout those periods as the economy continues to recover. We should see increased momentum, 
particularly in those Aviation and Marine areas as people return to those markets. And there's also quite a good number 
of opportunities in Marine and Aviation where we're underpenetrated such as the OEM segment and particular business 
jets in Aviation and OEM boat builders, where we are focusing heavily on expanding our presence. So the core markets 
are definitely seen as driving growth in the longer-term. 

And then in the Automotive area, we see the OEM as a opportunity to leverage our strength in some of these other 
markets, for example being able to design highly-integrated systems into the dash of aircraft does extend to designing 
highly-integrated systems into cars and trucks. So we're focusing on OEM automotive as a means to offset the declines 
in the PND area. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: So if you look at all those things combined, would you expect 2011, 2012, when do you think we 
could see sales growth from Garmin? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Well, I don't think we're ready to give guidance out that far. But we have a lot of moving pieces 
in our business contributing and some declining as we've noted today. So we'll have to address the future guidance 
when the time comes. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Got it. Just one clarification. On the gross margins and warranty refinement, I think there was some 
few hundred basis points impact in Q1 and I think there was some more in Q2. Just wanted the make sure that the 
guidance that you are giving for the full year that already incorporates the new warranty assumptions? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Absolutely, yeah. Yes it does. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Okay. Great. Thanks and good luck. 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Thanks, Vivek. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Thomas Lee with Goldman Sachs. 


<Q - Thomas Lee>: Hi. Thanks for taking my call. Just a few questions from my side, I'm just curious on the market 
share side. Did you notice any – were there noticeable share shifts in the quarter specifically, did you perhaps make a 
more conscious effort to maybe take more share in the U.S.? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: I think what we saw is actually we don't have the most updated data from the market 
analysts, but it appears that we gained share both in the North American market on PND and also in the European 
market in the PND category. 

<Q - Thomas Lee>: Got you. And then did that impact pricing in any way, maybe relative to your expectations at the 
beginning of the year, because I guess maybe I thought that the mix may have been – would have been better and so I 
thought maybe pricing could have been maybe more flattish on a sequential basis. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Actually, pricing did not move a lot. It just went down a few dollars on a sequential basis. So 
pricing has not been a major concern for us at this point. And as we – as Cliff and I both mentioned, as we go into the 
back half of the year, we generally see a little bit more pricing pressure, but primarily just due to the promotional 
activity during the holiday season. But at this point, we're still within single-digits probably what we expect our PND 
year-over-year ASP to decline. 

<Q - Thomas Lee>: Got you. And then just on the commentary around the PND market, specifically in the U.S., just 
curious, I mean, are you seeing, is some of your, I guess, the change in tone on the market in the U.S., is any of that 
driven by particularly any of the strength that we're seeing on the Android front, given it seems like that they have from 
a navigation perspective, maybe the biggest competitive, I guess threat from – on your side? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Well, as I mentioned, we do see signs that smartphones with included navigation are having an 
impact on PND buyer decisions. It does seem from the data that we're observing that it really depends on the customer 
group that that impact is most noticeable in. But there's no doubt that included navigation even if it doesn't match what 
we think is good in terms of features and functionality, is probably good enough for people that are looking at the 
device with the included features. 

<Q - Thomas Lee>: Is that – has the tone of retailers, has that impacted the tone of retailers now than say three or six 
months ago? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: I think there's some retailers that maybe ask questions about that, but the truth is most of them 
are not highly concerned about that factor. We don't see this as a step function kind of response in the market at all. 
And there's also a good chance, as people experience some of the navigation getting introduced to it in the smartphone, 
that they may wish to expand their horizons and maybe look at dedicated device, whether it's for one of our core 
markets or even for a second vehicle with a PND. 

<Q - Thomas Lee>: Got you. And then just last question, just on the R&D trajectory, is that likely to stay at these 
levels from an absolute basis or can we see that, is that – should we be looking at that perhaps to come down a little bit 
in the back half of the year? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Yeah, I think the R&D – overall R&D level should stay relatively even with the second 
quarter maybe come down just a little. We're still looking at R&D to be between 9 to 10% of sales for the year. 

<Q - Thomas Lee>: Got you. Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Mark Sue with RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - Joseph Longobardi>: Thank you. This is Joe Longobardi for Mark. 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Hi, Joe. 


<Q - Joseph Longobardi>: If you could, can you discuss our strategy as it relates to the Garmin phone, what else do 
you plan to do to stimulate demand, and can we expect future devices or could this be the end of the nüvifone line? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Well, we're working with each of our carrier partners to further message the device and train 
salespeople. For example, here in North America, we've been sending our own trainers out to stores to help with the 
education process and we've gotten great support from our partners on that. 

Of course, you've noted the prices and trying to position the device properly in the channel, all these are factors that 
we're considering. As we mentioned in our remarks, we're looking at a more limited set of product models and 
roadmaps going forward in order to really focus our efforts and we will rationalize the investment based on that. 
Fully-committed to our partners in the space and this is a long cycle business, and so we really can't comment in terms 
of our future plans at this time. 

<Q - Joseph Longobardi>: Okay. And just within PNDs, are we beginning to see bit of an upgrade cycle as it relates 
to the new form factor that you guys have introduced? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Well, we introduced the 3790, 3760 product at the end of Q2 and we did see some sales in 
June and we are like – are still seeing a good pick-up on sales on that product. It's a beautiful device and it's been pretty 
popular so far. So that's part of the back half sales expectation for the PND market. 

<Q - Joseph Longobardi>: Okay. Thank you. Good luck. 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Thank, Mark. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Jonathan Goldberg with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my call. So – just first question, on the Outdoor 
business, you guys have done a very good job of building gross margins there. You have really high gross margins 
relative to other consumer electronics categories. How long is that sustainable for, are you seeing any changes in the 
competitive landscape. How long can you keep defying gravity there? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Well, I think, keep in mind that the Outdoor/Fitness market is definitely a niche market 
compared to the broader consumer electronics category, and there's definitely domain knowledge and brand issues 
associated with how consumers behave in that particular market. So while it's true, it is an interesting situation. We see 
some downward pressure in margins going forward, but we don't think it's like what we see in the really 
hyper-competitive spaces like automotive PND. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: Okay. And then going to Auto segment, you guys have good pricing data it sounds like, 
but just our checks some of our data points out on the web and in stores are showing there seems to be a continuing 
slide in prices in the overall market, I think TomTom had some weaker numbers on the price front, what's normal 
seasonality for this time of year for pricing, which way is it usually going? And are you worried that the price declines 
we sort of saw for promotions around that perhaps in June has continued into July and August sort of beyond the end of 
the quarter? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Well, it's interesting. I'm not sure there is a normal trend last year, for example, we introduced 
the Nuvi 12, 13 and 1400 products that hit the market in a big way in the third quarter, which drove our ASPs actually 
up sequentially in Q3. We're – the beautiful thing about our PND business is the fact that we're quite diversified and we 
have a full line of products from the very low end to a much more higher price point like 3790 that I just mentioned. 

So at this point, we're not expecting unusual pricing pressures in the third quarter. As I mentioned, as we get into the 
Holiday season, we'll be there with good pricing and promotional pricing through the big box retailers. 


<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: Then is it normal to see older prices decline – prices for older models declining more 
sharply this time of year? Are you doing that deliberately? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: I think if you look at our Nuvi 2x, 200 I think those prices are already pretty low. So I don't 
expect anything unusual at this point. No. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Ilya Grozovsky with Morgan Joseph. 

<Q - Ilya Grozovsky>: Hi. It's Ilya Grozovsky from Morgan Joseph. Just wanted an update on the expectations for the 
phone business, I think last quarter you guys said that you thought it could do somewhere between 100 and 200 million 
this year. What's the new number? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: I think we are looking probably just due to – the results so far, probably something under 100 
million in revenue for the year. 

<Q - Ilya Grozovsky>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Scott Sutherland with Wedbush Securities. 
<Q - Scott Sutherland>: Hi. Great. Thank you, good morning. 
<A - Clifton Pemble>: Good morning. 
<Q - Scott Sutherland>: First of all, can you talk about the warranty reserves, are you seeing anything different 


between the different consumer segments, Marine, Outdoor/Fitness and Auto/Mobile that we should think about? 
<A - Clifton Pemble>: No. I think the adjustments that we made and we feel like at the end of the second quarter, we 
have the appropriate amount of reserves for our business going forward. Those actually impacted all of the consumer 


product segments, probably less so on the Aviation, but definitely impacted favorably the Auto/Mobile, 
Outdoor/Fitness and Marine segments. 
<Q - Scott Sutherland>: The last couple of quarters, you guys talked about some reduction of inventories on the PND 


side of the business. Is that in pretty much in alignment now or do you see any more changes there? 
<A - Clifton Pemble>: I assume you mean between sell-in and sell-through, correct? 
<Q - Scott Sutherland>: Correct. You saw some adjustments, are you stabilized now in equilibrium? 
<A - Clifton Pemble>: Yeah, I believe the retailers are holding less inventory and I think we've seen that now two 


years in a row where we come out of a holiday season. We have destocking going on in the channel. At this point, 
we're tracking pretty carefully on the big retailers and feel like they have a handle on the sell-in and sell-through and 
tracking pretty closely to one another. 


<Q - Scott Sutherland>: Lastly, what do you see as the Asia-Pac opportunity? Do you see any opportunity from 
Marine M&A disruptions? 


<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Marine M&A disruptions? 
<Q - Scott Sutherland>: Yeah, Raymarine out there, did you see any gains from that or do you think that these market 
share gains are ongoing? 



<A - Clifton Pemble>: Understand. Yeah. We believe they're really ongoing, I mean kind of ignoring the drama 
around that. I think our product line and the relationships we're building are really what's driving the market share 
growth in that segment. 

<Q - Scott Sutherland>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Thanks, Scott. 

Operator 

We'll go next to James Faucette with Pacific Crest. 

<Q - James Faucette>: Thank you very much. I wanted to ask a couple of questions, first on the Outdoor segment, 
what – is there something that you can attribute to the success of that segment or the upside either from a product or 
geographical standpoint? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: I think, first of all, the Fitness line is definitely a high-growth segment for us right now as we 
introduce more products and also expand our distribution in that market. The products we introduced recently such as 
our Forerunner 310XT, the Forerunner 110, they're all in very high demand and are gaining a lot of momentum in the 
industry. On the Outdoor side, that's more of a mature market, but we are expanding the product categories that we 
offer there, such as the golf products, which is contributing as well as we've refreshed most of our product line over the 
past year or two and as a result, we're seeing some uptick because of that. So all combined, we think it's a very 
interesting category. 

<Q - James Faucette>: Great. And then turning back to the nüvifone. I took from some of your prepared comments 
and maybe a couple of follow-up questions, that you had done at least some scaling back of the investments that you're 
making in the nüvifone. Am I understanding that correctly, and if so, can you quantify about where we should expect 
that spend rate to be versus previous quarters? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: I think the real commitment is that we're trying to focus our investment. We're still 
committed to the category. We haven't really – we're not going to be able to quantity how much that means, other than 
just taking into account our overall guidance for the year. So nüvifone is a part of our overall R&D investment, our 
overall advertising investment, which hits our 24% operating expenses, and I think you just need to take into account – 
take that into account when you model us in your analysis. 

<Q - James Faucette>: Great. And then finally the last question also, I guess, related to nüvifone. I know that you said 
you are continually committed but you're trying to focus your efforts there. Kind of what are your key – do you have 
some metrics in terms of being able to gauge the success or at least continue to put money and resources into that, 
whether it be sales or share or any of those things that you could share with us? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Well, I think that we've actually been pleased with the written reports and analysis that's gone 
on with people evaluating our device. I think there's a lot of people out there that have looked at the device and 
recognized it has a lot of strength. 

I think the navigation messaging maybe overpowers some of the other good aspects of the phone, the Android 
operating system and the features that we've added on top of that, but that said, as we mentioned in the comments and 
in several of the questions, the results that we're seeing are below our expectations. So to answer your question, I think, 
in terms of our metrics, it's not where we wanted it to be. 

<Q - James Faucette>: Okay. Great. Thank you very much. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Thank you. 


Operator 

We'll go next to J. B. Groh with D. A. Davidson. 
<Q - J. B. Groh>: Good morning, guys. I just had a clarification question again on this warranty issue. Is that – could 


we sort of weight that according to the sales in the segments I mean, I'm guessing that's how the impact sort of hits you 
across the different segments? 
<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Yeah. I think it did hit each of the three consumer – non-Aviation segments, I think, 


Auto/Mobile probably got a little bit more, but in general you can weight them pretty closely to that. 
<Q - J. B. Groh>: Very little on Aviation. Okay. 
<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Yeah. 
<Q - J. B. Groh>: And then – when I look at your sales forecast for , it looks like you have a pretty drastic drop-off, 


obviously in Q2 is a good seasonal quarter for Marine but was there – you're not starting to feel the Bayliner stuff in Q2 


yet, are you? I mean that seems like it wouldn't happen until a little bit later down the road? 
<A - Kevin Rauckman>: No. I think, as you know, J. B., the Marine business is much heavier-weighted seasonally 
from Q1 and Q2 and then it drops off in Q3 and Q4. So sequentially we do expect a reduction in Q3 and – but still 
showing growth in each of the Q3 and Q4 periods. 


<Q - J. B. Groh>: Right. Okay. But so Q2 maybe just good product introduction and good pricing? 
<A - Clifton Pemble>: And a strong marine season. 
<Q - J. B. Groh>: Strong marine season. Okay. All right. Thank you. 
<A - Clifton Pemble>: Thanks. 


Operator 

We'll go next to Paul Coster with JPMorgan. 

<Q - Paul Coster>: Yes. Thank you. Kevin, a quick question on R&D. It sounds like you added some resource this 
quarter. Is there any change in what the R&D resources focused on? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: In terms of the different business segments, you mean? 

<Q - Paul Coster>: Yeah and perhaps proportionate to your businesses, is there any area that's getting sort of more 
than proportionate investment? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: No, I think we've continued to go through our product roadmap and invest heavily in each of 
the four business segments. So there is not one that was an outlier in the quarter. 

<Q - Paul Coster>: Okay. And the other question I have is where is your cash held? What percentage is domestic and 
what is held abroad? And if you can just give us some sense of jurisdictions and if there's any constraints that imposes 
upon you in terms of dividends, buybacks or any other matters? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Well, at the end of the second quarter, as you know, we went through a Swiss 
redomestication, we were still a Cayman company at the end of Q2 and about half of our cash, maybe just a little bit 
more than half of our cash was held outside the U.S. So about a, say, about $1 billion of that and the other 800 million 
is in the U.S. 

<Q - Paul Coster>: Does that have bearing upon your buyback or dividends policy? 


<A - Kevin Rauckman>: No, we're really not constrained. We have enough cash to further our buyback plan, pay 
dividends and even acquire companies. So we feel that we have the appropriate amount of cash at the right locations. 

<Q - Paul Coster>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Rich Valera with Needham & Company. 

<Q - Rich Valera>: Thanks. Good morning. 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Good morning. 

<Q - Rich Valera>: Over the past couple of years, you've shown mixed seasonality for Auto into Q3, I'm just 
wondering what your thoughts are, if you would be willing to give any color on the sequential trajectory of Auto in Q3 
versus Q2? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: As I mentioned a couple of questions back, Q3 last year was a little bit unusual because of 
some large new product introductions on the 12, 13, 1400, e saw pretty strong sequential growth. We do expect that the 
PND would come up slightly, but we're not willing to give any kind of numbers by segment in Q3. 

<Q - Rich Valera>: Okay. That's helpful. And I know this has somewhat been addressed already, but as far as the 
overall gross margin for the year, it seems like it implies a pretty steep drop-off in the fourth quarter, probably steeper 
than what you saw last year. I was wondering if there's any change in the competitive dynamics you're expecting in the 
fourth quarter or really sort of pricing and sort of discounts as usual, or any color on what you're expecting in the fourth 
quarter from a pricing perspective? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Well, I think the short answer is no. There is not any major changes. The one thing to point out 
though and we mentioned in our formal remarks was that we're heading into a period now where there is some FX 
pressure on margins because of the strong U.S. to euro-dollar relationship a year ago and where we stand today. So that 
has a kind of a headwind against us. But other than that, we're not expecting anything unusual in terms of promotion or 
pricing going into the holiday season. 

<Q - Rich Valera>: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research. 

<Q - Ben Bollin>: Good morning. 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Hi, Ben. 

<Q - Ben Bollin>: My first question, when you look at your bill of material trends, you talked about more favorable 
pricing. Could you quantify the type of year-on-year decline you might have seen in your bill materials in 2Q and give 
an expectation on what you have for 2010? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: I think going into 2010 we'd expect – I'm focusing primarily on PND right now, our prices to 
come down about 10% and our bill of material costs to come down about 10%. It looks like now that we're expecting 
similar numbers on price, maybe a little bit less in the single-digit range on price. At this point, costs have not come 
down as much as we had anticipated. So we have low single-digit declines at this point. 

<Q - Ben Bollin>: When you look at channel inventory levels with your big partners, where would you say that stands 
right now and have you seen any big shifts in the last couple of quarters? 


<A - Clifton Pemble>: We ended Q1 with a much lower inventory at the retail level as they sold off their excess 
inventory from the holidays, and we haven't seen a big shift in Q2 at this point. But we did do some channel fill with 
new products, but in general, the sell-in and sell-through is not as drastic as we saw in Q1. 

<Q - Ben Bollin>: And my last question, when you look at nüvifone kind of quantified or said certain regions have 
seen relatively better sell-through than what you've seen in the U.S. Could you spell out what regions those are? And 
the second part, if this strategy continues, or if the execution continues as it has, at what point do you decide whether or 
not you want to persist with the strategy as it is? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Well, as I mentioned we've – each market each carrier, each customer is a story by itself. And 
we have seen some positive sell-through in places in Scandinavia and Europe as well as Australia and parts of Asia. 
But, again, keep in mind that each one of those markets is probably quite a bit smaller than what it is here in North 
America so the situation in North America really influences the overall situation quite a bit. 

In terms of at what point we might make some decision, I think we're really not ready to address that. At this point, 
we're working closely with our carrier partners to sell-through the device and to help it perform in the way that we feel 
it should. 

<Q - Ben Bollin>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Reik Read with Robert Baird and Company. 

<Q - Reik Read>: Hey, good morning. Could you guys just talk a little bit about, going back to the pricing, do you 
expect the ASPs to come up with the 3700 being introduced or available? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Well, I think, again, we have a pretty diverse product mix. Last year, we did see a sizeable ASP 
increase. I would say we'd be – sequentially we could be up a little bit because of the sell-through of the 3760 and 90, 
but then we get down in the fourth quarter where we'll see our ASPs come down due to the timing of the holiday season 
again. 

<Q - Reik Read>: Okay. And then just you mentioned a second ago, Kevin, that cost's not down quite as much as you 
expected. Can you talk a little bit about what is that, does that have to do with just component pricing going up, and 
then as part of that, can you just talk about availability and lead time of components. 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: I think the whole worldwide component situation is quite a bit tighter this year than it was last 
year, and because of that we are seeing pricing pressure in some components as well as lead times some of those 
components have gone up significantly, for example memories and displays and some of those key things. 

But we are committed to a safety stock policy so we've been able to buffer that somewhat and as component suppliers 
do bring on more capacity because they do see opportunities now, we should see that situation stabilize. 

<Q - Reik Read>: Okay. And then, did you guys disclose the amount you spent on the redomestication? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: I think just during the quarter we spent about couple of million dollars of SG&A. 

<Q - Reik Read>: Okay. Great, thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And at this time, there are no further questions; I'll turn the call back to Mrs. Kerri Thurston. 


Kerri Thurston 

Thanks everyone for joining us this morning, and we'll talk to you again soon. 

Operator 

This does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


