Q1 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Kerri Thurston, Investor Relations Manager 
• Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer 
• Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
Other Participants 

• John Bright 
• Vivek Arya 
• Amir Rozwadowski 
• Ilya Grozovsky 
• Mark Sue 
• Jonathan Goldberg 
• Thomas Lee 
• Yair Reiner 
• Scott Sutherland 
• Jeff Rath 
• James Faucette 
• Ben Bollin 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Garmin Ltd First Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. At this 
time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions 
will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. 

I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Ms. Kerri Thurston, Director of Investor Relations. 
Ma'am, you may begin. 

Kerri Thurston, Investor Relations Manager 

Good morning, everyone. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited's First Quarter 2010 Earning Call. Please 
note that a copy of the press release concerning this earnings call is available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the 
Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. Additionally this call is being broadcast live on the Internet. 

Please note this webcast does include slides which can be viewed during this call. An archive of the webcast will be 
available until June 4. A transcript of the call will be available on our website at www.garmin.com/stock under the 
events calendar tab. 

This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its 
business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market share, product 
introductions, future demand for our products, and objectives are forward-looking statements. 


The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur and actual results could 
differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in 
our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 26, 2009, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Attending on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Dr. Min Kao, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Cliff 
Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer; Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; and Andrew 
Etkind, General Counsel. The presenters for this morning's call are Cliff Pemble and Kevin Rauckman. 

At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble. 

Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer 

Thank you, Kerri, and good morning to everyone. As you've read from our press release this morning, Garmin 
announced first quarter results with strong margins and pro forma earnings per share growth. We experienced revenue 
growth in three of our four segments including Outdoor/Fitness, Aviation, and Marine, with exceptionally strong results 
in our Outdoor/Fitness business. 

However, consolidated revenue declined 1% due to a decline in sell-in in the Automotive and Mobile segment. Our 
top-line performance along with strong margins allowed us to post pro forma EPS of $0.38 per share, which was a 52% 
increase over 2009. Gross margin was 54% and operating margin was 19% for the quarter, which is an improvement 
over 2009 levels of 45% and 13%, respectively. We generated $196 million in free cash flow during the quarter. 

Also in the first quarter we announced our proposed redomestication to Switzerland pending shareholder approval at 
our special meeting on May 20. In conjunction with our redomestication announcement, we announced our 2010 
dividend of $1.50 per share, which was paid in late April. This represented a one-time increase of $0.75 per share 
reflecting our strong cash position and ongoing cash generation in 2010. 

Moving to each of our segments, Marine revenue grew 9% year-over-year, which is in line with our full year growth 
expectations. The industry is showing signs of recovery heading into the 2010 boating season and we are seeing 
renewed confidence from the industry. We believe we are well positioned to take advantage of opportunities as growth 
returns to the marine industry. 

We have had a number of new product introductions that support these growth initiatives. The first is the GPSMAP 
6000 and 7000 series, which are large touch screen chart plotters targeted at larger boats such as sport fishing boats and 
cruising yachts, which we have not served in the past. 

Another recent introduction is the GPSMAP 700 series, a midrange chart plotter featuring a 7-inch wide screen, touch 
screen display. The GPSMAP 700 series offers all the key functionally that value-oriented customers are looking for at 
an attractive price point. We anticipate this product line will be very popular during the boating season this year. 

Finally, we recently released the 2010 version of our BlueChart cartography with further enhancements in detail, 
coverage and chart-like graphics. This improves on what is already the industry benchmark for marine cartography and 
offers us a recurring revenue opportunity with our existing Marine customer base. 

Before leaving the Marine segment, I wanted to quickly recap our offer to Raymarine shareholders. On April 28, we 
announced a cash offer of 15 pence per share to acquire Raymarine. This announcement was the logical conclusion of 
many months of due diligence and consideration. The offer represents consideration of approximately £12.5 million to 
Raymarine shareholders. This equity offer, along with the net debt of £94.9 million, implies an enterprise value of 
£107.4 million or approximately 165 million U.S. dollars at current exchange rates. In order to formalize this offer and 
complete the acquisition, it will be necessary to receive regulatory approval in certain jurisdictions. The filing process 
has already begun and we expect to receive approvals in the third quarter of this year. 

Rationale for this combination is very simple: Marine is a strategic core asset for Garmin and the combination would 
enable us to better compete against strong industry incumbents such as the Navico Group and FURUNO. Garmin's 
Marine business and Raymarine are highly complementary as Raymarine has been focused on the OEM segment while 


Garmin has been focused on the aftermarket and retail segments. The combination will expand our product offerings 
and boost our resources in R&D as well as sales and marketing. Based on the most recent results from Raymarine, the 
acquisition will contribute at least US$150 million in revenue during the first year of ownership. 

Moving next to Aviation, revenue grew 12% year-over-year in the aviation segment driven by improvements in the 
retrofit market, new product introductions and timing of OEM shipments. Our operating margin improved from 24% in 
the first quarter of 2009 to 29% in the first quarter of 2010. While we are pleased with the revenue growth in aviation, 
which was ahead of our full year expectations of 5 to 10% revenue growth, a full recovery in the aviation market will 
likely lag that of the broader economy. We continue to invest for the future, focusing on innovations for the business 
jet, helicopter and experimental aircraft markets. 

To specifically address the helicopter market, we recently introduced the G500H, which is an all-glass avionics system 
optimized for helicopters, bringing many of Garmin's market-leading technologies to this market for the first time. 

Also for the helicopter market, we introduced a version of our terrain avoidance system, specially designed for certified 
use in a helicopter. This warning system provides both visual and audible warnings for threatening terrain, as well as 
over 30,000 low-altitude obstacles. This solution is available on both new products as well as in the form of an upgrade 
for products that are already installed in the field. 

And finally, we recently delivered a version of our synthetic vision technology that we call SVX, which is specifically 
designed for the experimental and light sport aircraft market. SVX brings the benefits of situational awareness and 
enhanced safety to our light sport aircraft cockpit systems. 

Turning next to the Outdoor/Fitness segment, we achieved year-over-year revenue growth of 28%. This represents our 
best rate of growth since third quarter 2008 when we launched the Forerunner 405 and the fitness category has 
continuously outperformed expectations since that time. 

The segment also posted strong operating margin of 38% in the first quarter. The growth in this segment has occurred 
on a global basis with all three of our sales territories showing sustained growth. We continue to focus on expanding 
our distribution footprint and to provide a broader set of product offerings that will expand our addressable market. 

One example of this is the Forerunner 110. This is a new value priced running watch that provides all the essential 
information including time, distance and pace. We believe the Forerunner 110 will expand the market for GPS enabled 
fitness devices because of its strong features, ease of use, and value price points. 

We also expanded our product offerings in the golf market with the introduction of the Approach G3. The G3 comes 
preloaded with over 12,000 U.S. courses and all the essential functions but is smaller and lighter than the G5 and is 
offered at a value price point. For the Approach G5, we introduced statistics tracking to further differentiate the Garmin 
offering. This free software download leverages intuitive user interface of the G5 and allows golfers to easily track the 
most often-used statistics in the game including average distance hit per club, fairways hit, greens in regulation, and 
putts per round. We have also expanded the distribution of our golf products by launching versions for Europe and 
Australia. 

In the Auto/Mobile segment, we experienced a 15% year-over-year revenue decline as sell-in volumes were weaker 
than expected due to a destocking of excess channel inventory following the fourth quarter. While these results fell 
short of expectations, some specific market trends point towards improved performance for the remainder of the year. 

NPD showed that our North American sellouts have increased year-over-year and we improved our market share from 
53% in the first quarter of 2009 to 58% in the first quarter of 2010. Trends in Europe point to expanded market share 
where our sell-in trends are ahead of the market. We also experienced growth in Asia as our PND offering gains share 
in countries like Australia, Taiwan, Thailand, Malaysia and Singapore while sales to OEM customers also increased. 

Given these trends, we expect 2010 unit volumes to be essentially flat with growth in North America and Asia, offset 
by declines in Europe. Garmin will be targeting market share gains in both Europe and Asia in order to outperform the 
industry. 


As channel inventory in the U.S. has been reduced, we will expect sell-in and sell-through trends to normalize in the 
second quarter, leading to sequentially improved volumes. Our focus in the segment remains unchanged. We will be 
moving forward with mobile handset launches around the world and we continue to invest in connected services with 
rich LBS content offerings. 

We've recently made an important product introduction in the Auto/Mobile segment, which is the nüvi 3700 series. 
This new series redefined the nüvi platform and received the Red Dot Award for product design. The 3700 measures 
less than 9 millimeters thick and includes a capacitive multi-touch display supporting zoom, pinch, press, and drag. It 
also includes an accelerometer that automatically detects orientation, making this product easy to use in both the car or 
in pedestrian mode. 

The 3700 also includes many new innovations for the market. For example, trafficTrends uses both historical traffic 
and recurring trends in your area to recommend the best route and calculate an even more accurate arrival time. 
myTrends automatically remembers frequent destinations and will display anticipated arrival time accounting for traffic 
information without the need for manually selecting the destination. This feature is extremely useful for both 
commuters who travel familiar routes to and from work destinations and want to take advantage of available real-time 
traffic information along the way. 

Finally I'd like to provide an update on our mobile handset initiatives. Two weeks ago we announced our relationship 
with T-Mobile USA who will launch our Android-based 850 later this spring. The A50 includes all the benefits of the 
Android platform and has been enhanced to include a distinctive, user-friendly interface as well as powerful features 
such as enterprise e-mail and location-based web and messaging functions. Pricing and availability details will be 
available soon from T-Mobile. 

We also introduced the nüvi phone A10, which is a value-priced Android device that offers all the same features as the 
A50 in a smaller, more portable form factor. The Netherlands-based carrier KPN will launch this device and we 
anticipate announcing additional carriers in the coming weeks. 

Finally, the nüvi phone M10 is now selling in nine countries around the world including France, Germany, Taiwan and 
many others. This smartphone is built on Windows Mobile 6.5.3 and deeply integrates our location content and 
technologies throughout the device. 

I would like to review our 2010 guidance. Although we did experience weakness in our sell-in for our Automotive and 
Mobile segment, due largely to destocking trends, PND sell through remained on track. Given the strong performance 
of our remaining segments, we are reiterating our annual guidance for 2010. 

This concludes my business update, and next I'll turn the call over to Kevin who will walk us through the financial 
results in more detail. Kevin? 

Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Thanks, Cliff. Good morning everyone. I would like to jump right in and start the walking through the first quarter 
income statement. We reported revenue of 431 million and net income of 37 million and pro forma EPS of $0.38 per 
share, which excludes our foreign currency loss during the quarter. 

Revenues declined 1% year-over-year. However, gross margins were quite strong at 53.6%, which was an 870 basis 
point improvement over the prior year and 770 basis point improvement sequentially. This increase was partially driven 
by our refined warranty estimates in our results that contributed 510 basis points to the gross margin line. Our operating 
income increased 43% to 83 million compared to 58 million last year. 

Operating margin of 19.3% was up from 13.3% last year. This was driven by the 870 basis points favorable gross 
margin. Our advertising was down 6 million on a year-over-year basis and was 130 basis points favorable. The other 
SG&A was up 8 million on a year-over-year basis and 200 basis points unfavorable. And R&D increased 8 million 
year-over-year and was 190 basis points unfavorable to operating margin. 


The pro forma EPS of $0.38 represents a 52% increase year-over-year on the strength of our margins and includes an 
effective tax rate of 18%. 

The total units shipped within Garmin's business was down 12% year-over-year as 2.1 million units were delivered 
during the quarter. The decrease was driven by Automotive/Mobile segment. Our total company average selling price 
was $202 per unit, an increase of 12% from 2009. The Auto/Mobile ASP increased 7% compared to the prior year to 
148 from 138 a year ago. 

On the pro forma net income, the non-GAAP measure that we report represent net income per share excluding the 
effect of foreign currency. During Q1, this impact was $0.19 favorable during 2010 and was $0.01 favorable per share 
in Q1 of '09. 

Looking next at the breakdown of revenue by our segments, during Q1 we experienced a 15% revenue decline within 
the Auto/Mobile segment as retailers cleared excess inventory exiting Q4 of 2009. As Cliff mentioned, our 
Outdoor/Fitness segment continued to grow with a 28% revenue increase when compared to Q1 of `09 with both the 
outdoor and the fitness categories contributing to growth. 

Our Aviation segment revenues increased 12% compared to Q1 of `09 with growth in both retrofit and the timing of 
our OEM shipments. Marine segment revenues increased 9% compared to Q1 of `09 as the industry began to show 
signs of recovery, and in total our revenues declined 1% during the first quarter. 

During Q1 Europe and Asia posted year-over-year improvement. However, the North American market declined 8% 
due to the excess PND inventory. 

The Auto/Mobile segment represented 51% of our total business during the quarter, down from 59% in 2009. 
Outdoor/Fitness grew to 24% of revenues in the quarter, a 6% increase from a year ago, while Aviation and Marine 
also increased 1%, respectively. 

Due to seasonality and destocking, the Auto/Mobile segment represented 51% of total revenues and 21 – excuse me, 
20% of our operating income in the quarter. These percentages will grow in the second quarter as our Auto/Mobile 
segment improves during the spring sell-in season. And the operating income contribution of both the Outdoor/Fitness 
and Aviation segments were significant at 46% and 23%, respectively. 

Revenues by geography shifted towards Europe and Asia as those markets grew. Asia increased 300 basis points and 
represented 10% of our total revenues in the quarter, while Europe increased 200 basis points to 34% of total revenue. 

Looking next at the margins by segments, our first quarter Auto/Mobile gross margin and operating margins were 43% 
and 8%, respectively. This represents year-over-year improvement as ASP improvements and warranty estimate 
refinement contribute to margin expansion. 

Outdoor/Fitness gross margin was 64%, up from 61% last year. And ASPs have increased modestly, while material 
costs have continued to fall. Operating margin was 38%, an increase from 35% a year ago quarter due to the strong 
gross margin. 

And the Marine gross margin was 59% compared to 60% a year ago. Operating margins were 22% in this segment, 
down from 28% a year ago. The decline was driven by a modification in the allocation of expenses to the other 
consumer segments. 

Q1 Aviation gross margin was 70%, a slight improvement from 69% in Q1 of '09, and operating margin within 
Aviation was 29% for the quarter, an improvement of 430 basis points from the prior year, due primarily to 12% 
revenue increase, which created operating leverage within the segment. 

Looking next at our operating expenses, the Q1 operating expense line increased $10 million on a year-over-year basis 
from 138 million to 148 million in Q1 of 2010, an increase of 260 basis points as a percentage of sales. 

As I mentioned earlier, R&D increased 8 million year-over-year and was up 190 basis points to 14.5% of sales. We 
now employ over 2,100 engineers and engineering associates worldwide and remain committed to continue product 


innovation. 

Our advertising spend decreased 6 million over the year ago quarter and decreased 130 basis points as a percentage of 
sales from 5.3% to 4.0% in Q1 of 2010. This was largely driven by a decrease in cooperative advertising associated 
with lower volumes during the Q1 2010 period. And other SG&A increased 8 million compared to a year ago, an 
increase of 200 basis points to 15.7% of sales, as IT, legal, administrative and finance costs increased during Q1 2010. 

The balance sheet continued strong. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of nearly US$2 billion. 
You can see that our accounts receivable decreased to 419 million as we collected on sales from the seasonally strong 
fourth quarter. Accounts receivable accounted for approximately 52 days of sales, which is up slightly from 47 days a 
year ago. And our inventory balances increased 46 million, up to 356 million as we increased finished goods inventory 
entering into the seasonally stronger second quarter. 

Our days of inventory metric basically flat at 74 days at the end of Q1 2010 as raw materials increased and finished 
goods increased. We currently hold the following levels of inventory: $89 million in raw materials representing 16 days 
of inventory; 39 million in work-in-process and assembly, eight days of inventory; 273 million in finished goods, 50 
days of inventory; and we currently hold $45 million in inventory reserves at the end of the period. 

We will continue to manage the supply chain appropriately given the seasonal and cyclical conditions facing our 
various segments. And it's our goal to have adequate inventory to support customer needs, but we do intend to carry the 
right level and mix of inventory to minimize risk of obsolescence. 

Looking next at our cash flow statement, we continued to generate strong cash flow across our business as cash flow 
from operations was 200 million during Q1. We also invested 4 million in capital expenditures during the period, 
leaving free cash flow of 196 million during Q1. 

Cash flow from investing provided 64 million of cash, which was created by 4 million spending on CapEx, 72 million 
net redemption of marketable securities and 5 million purchase of intangibles. The financing activities during the 
period were the use of cash $43 million. We spent $47 million on stock repurchases during the period and earned an 
average of 1.4 million on all cash and marketable securities balances during the quarter. 

And finally, in Q1 we announced the 2010 annual dividend at an increased rate of $1.50 per share and paid that 
dividend last Friday. This represents a one-time increase from 75 cents per share reflective of the company's strong 
cash position and expected ongoing cash generation in 2010. This dividend was a 300 million use of cash in the second 
quarter. 

As I mentioned, during Q1 we also repurchased 1.4 million shares of common stock for approximately 47 million. The 
repurchase plan of 300 million expiring at the end of 2011 now has 253 million available for purchase. 

Another use of cash would be to continue to evaluate a number of acquisition opportunities. 

Finally, our tax rate for the quarter was 18%. We continue to expect the 2010 range between 15 and 18% during the 
year. 

This concludes our formal remarks for the morning. I'd like to now open up the conference call to any questions that 
you might have. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from John Bright of Avondale Partners. 

<Q - John Bright>: Thank you. Kevin, could you characterize the channel health now for PNDs at your customers and 
talk about how accurate sell-through data has been historically to give you confidence in reiterating your guidance? 


<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Yeah, I think we feel like we do have good 
visibility and information from our major retailers. And we track this – I think you know – we track this data from 
those major retailers on a weekly basis. Clearly, the sell-through data we feel like is pretty accurate. It suggested that, 
for example, in the North American market we're up between 5 and 10% year-over-year and we believe that data. So as 
we've gone into the second quarter, the trends have picked back up in our sell-in because we realize the channel 
inventories are much lower now and at a point where the retailers need product. 

<Q - John Bright>: Got it. Cliff on the nüvifone, have expectations changed the nüvifone today? You are getting ready 
to I think with a big introduction coming forth. One, what are those expectations today looking forward? And then, 
two, what's the minimum that you would judge that is going to warrant continuing the effort in this segment? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: I think our expectations are at or maybe slightly 
below what we've mentioned in the past, roughly a million units this year. I think we're planning some strong launches 
with the phone, as you've heard, with T-Mobile and some others during this year. I think that this remains an important 
segment for us so we're going to continue to invest. 

With that in mind, of course, we always look at things pragmatically, so we're evaluating the market response to the 
phone, which we feel to date has been quite strong from the carrier level and the interest on the carrier level. And on 
that basis, we'll continue. 

<Q - John Bright>: Thank you. 

<A – Kevin Rauckman Thanks, John. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from – excuse me if I pronounce this wrong – Vivek Arya of Bank of America. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Perfect. Good morning, guys. Couple of things, I'm trying to understand the inventory destocking 
comments in Q1. Is it excess channel inventory? And if it is, why not lower prices to clear the inventory? I'm just trying 
to understand what was different in Q1 versus your expectation on the PND side in the U.S. market specifically? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Well I think in Q1 the prices did come back up after 
Q4 as you have seen in the ASPs and as well as in the sell-through data that we see. I think that as we've said, we have 
been tracking the sell-out data from the retailers and actually their data is reasonably good. And so on that basis, we 
don't really see an issue in terms of the channel level other the fact that they have excessive inventory coming out of 
fourth quarter. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: I see. But if it's excess inventory, Cliff, why not lower prices is I guess my question? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Well again, the sell-through trends were still trending 
quite well. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: I see. 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Also, there's reset timing of major retailers that come 
into play as well. So I think all those factors combined just contributed to a sell-in that was weaker than we expected. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: All right. Secondly, Kevin, I missed your comments on inventory in Q1. Could you please maybe 
repeat those? The inventory level still seems somewhat high given the comments on the destocking. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: You are referring to like number of days of 
inventory? 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Yes. 


<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: We had 74 days of inventory. If you look 
historically at what we typically have, it's somewhere between 60 and 90 days. So we don't believe our inventory levels 
are high. In fact, obsolescence, we review that quarterly, and obsolescence reserves have stayed relatively low. So we 
believe that we have the appropriate amount of inventory. Then seasonally, if you look at what we typically come out 
of Q1 as we go into spring season, our inventory levels almost always increase from Q4 up to the end of Q1. So again, 
no anomalies there in terms of our inventory levels at the end of Q1. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Got it. Next, I think you generally launch new PND products seasonally in the third quarter, but it 
seems that this year the 3700 was announced earlier. Is it possible that you start launching that even in Q2? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Yes, it will be launching imminently, but I don't 
think it's really true that we only launch in third quarter. We launch a lot of products in the spring season as well. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: In fact, Vivek, we introduced the 12, 13, 1400 last 
year that was at the end of Q2. Now we did get a lot of sell-in in Q3 but we introduced at the end of Q2. So to Cliff's 
point, I don't believe there's any unusual circumstances here. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Got it. And just lastly, given Q1 results, Kevin, what are your expectations for free cash flow 
generation this year? Thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: I think after 200 million in a strong Q1, I think the 
number is going to be between 700 and 800 million of free cash, and that's on the heels of over a billion last year. So 
the business is still performing very well from cash flow and we expect it to continue. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Okay. Great. Thanks and good luck. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, please limit your questions to two questions. Our next question comes from 
Amir Rozwadowski of Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: Thank you very much, and good morning, team. 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Good morning. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Good morning. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: In talking a bit more about sort of the PND demand trends, given the sell-in shortfall in 
the first quarter and your expectations for more normalized – or sell-in to match sell-through – I mean, should we 
expect more pronounced seasonality through the course of the year in order to hit that target of sort of flat units? And 
what would give you that comfort if we were expecting more pronounced seasonality in being able to achieve that? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Well, I think there's a possibility of that. As you 
know, we don't give quarterly guidance, but I think at this point the annual numbers that we had laid out and Cliff 
reiterated this morning would suggest that we make up our first quarter miss during Q2 and subsequent quarters. So at 
this point, we're looking at the overall PND market trends to be the same as what we thought when we last spoke with 
you on the conference call. So nothing has really changed in our opinion there. The Canalis data currently suggests that 
the overall worldwide PND market will be somewhere around 38 million units and we still feel like that's an 
appropriate number. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: Okay, thank you very much, Kevin. And then on the channel, excess channel inventory, 
was this broad-based across the industry in the U.S. or specific to you folks? 


<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Well, I think that some of the major retailers did 
have excess inventory of our products as well as some others. Really can't comment on the details of some of the 
others, but it was definitely, in our view, common to more than one player. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: Okay, that's very helpful. Thank you very much, Cliff. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from – excuse if I pronounce this wrong – Ilya Grozovsky of Morgan Joseph. 

<Q - Ilya Grozovsky>: Thanks. Can you just, given that you're reiterating the guidance, can you just update us on 
what your assumptions are for the year for ASPs and also units from a percentage perspective? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Well, the ASPs – I'm assuming you're referring more 
to the PND – we assumed a 10% ASP decline. And we are ahead of that given a 7% increase coming out of Q1, but I 
still think that will be in that same range, maybe 5 to 10% decline year-over-year is what our expectations are on ASP. 
Units, we have not really given – I guess we did give a roughly flat unit expectation for the full year on PND and 
nothing has really changed there on the Auto/Mobile segment. 

<Q - Ilya Grozovsky>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Sue of RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Thank you. Will the days of inventory gravitate towards the low end, maybe closer to 60 days over 
the next few quarters? Or does it still kind of depend on what the retailers will or will not do in terms of their programs 
to kind of stimulate existing inventory? Just your thoughts on how things might shape up over the next two quarters. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Yeah, I think we've generally managed our 
inventory levels pretty well. I think you have seen us get under 70. I think 60 would be too low in general, but I think 
between the 75 and 90 days is still kind of the target of where we're looking for on inventory. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Okay. And then maybe just on the exercise with the nüvifone, have you recalibrated kind of your 
opportunity as it relates to should we look at lower units this year but perhaps better ASPs on those things, on those 
devices, or maybe the other way around? Any thoughts there in terms of what the carriers might be, particularly in 
North America, would be helpful. Thank you. 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: I think ASPs for nüvifone will be on the higher range 
of what we experienced on PNDs, but the margins of course will be lower as we try to penetrate the market. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: North America? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Worldwide. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Got it. Helpful. Thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Jonathan Goldberg of Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: Hi, good morning. 


<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Hi, John. 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Good morning. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: So I wanted to ask a little bit more about nüvifone, sort of big picture, smartphone 
navigation space. How do you think that nüvifone is shaping up against both Google navigation, the free services that 
are coming, and also against the carrier-supplied turn-by-turn services? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: I think that free navigation on Google is somewhat 
old news. It's been around on the devices since last year. I also think that included navigation has been part of the 
carrier picture for longer than that. So we really don't feel like that's new information. 

As I mentioned earlier, we continue to see strong interest from the carriers on the unique blend of location functions 
that we put into the device that is able to integrate location capability broadly into the device into many applications as 
opposed to just bolting on a navigation application. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: And then are you seeing any push back from carriers who are cautious around getting too 
close to Google? Are you getting carriers telling you that they are sort of pushing back on installing Google navigation 
on phones? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Well, I can't really comment on how they feel 
specifically about Google. You see a variety of trends in the available public information out there where some carriers 
have specific choices about what they want to use on the phone and the kind of applications that are loaded. So I think 
you kind of have to look at that on your own and interpret how it means. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: Is it safe to say that we're not seeing Google navigation preinstalled in all Android 
phones? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: To my knowledge, it is definitely part of most, if not 
all, Android phones at this point. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Thomas Lee of Goldman Sachs. 

Q – Thomas Lee>: Hi. Thanks for taking my call. I just had two questions. First one on the warranty expense, curious, I 
know you mentioned most of it was, I believe was in the Auto/Mobile segment. But was this at all related to perhaps 
lower nüvifone sales? I just wanted to get a little bit more color in terms of what caused that kind of I guess refinement 
there. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: No, it really had nothing to do with nüvifone. It 
was again a refined estimate which eliminated some of the inter-company margin that was implied in our reserve. It 
also took into account our claims, some of our claims history. These numbers vary quite a bit from quarter-to-quarter. 
So it's a combination of change in estimate and also just looking at claims and number of units coming back under 
warranty. 

<Q - Thomas Lee>: Got you. So the warranty reserve that you're accruing, that should remain kind of the – the new 
level that's been set – should be kind of roughly the go-forward level going forward? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Yeah, we think so. We're still evaluating. We'll 
continue to evaluate what those claims will be. And one other point maybe just to clarify; it's not just an Auto/Mobile 
phenomenon, this actually occurred across all of our consumer segments. So Marine, Outdoor/Fitness and Auto/Mobile 
were impacted by that estimate. 


<Q - Thomas Lee>: Got it. Last question on that one, but as you expect to ramp the nüvifone business, is there perhaps 
some possibility you could see that number increase or you think you have accurately accounted for that? 
<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: The warranty number increase? 


<Q - Thomas Lee>: Right. 
<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: No, in fact if you recall on our older product, the 
G60, we took a large reserve at the end of the fourth quarter. So we feel that there's virtually no risk on warranty for the 
existing units that are out in the field. 


<Q - Thomas Lee>: Got you. And last question is just on your Auto/Mobile operating margins, I know you said that 
Q1 is going to be a bottom, but curious in terms of trajectory for the remainder of the year. I mean is it likely that we'll 
see 20% plus levels or is that maybe too steep of a ramp? Just wanted some context in terms of that trajectory going 
forward. 


<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: I think seasonally, I think Q1 definitely is the low 
end of the operating margin. The guidance that we reiterated this morning is 23 to 24% for the full year. I would expect 
that Q2 and subsequent quarters would be in that range to get us back on, keep us on track for the rest of the year. 


<Q - Thomas Lee>: And that's in the Auto/Mobile business? 
<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Auto/Mobile only? 
<Q - Thomas Lee>: Yeah that was just the question, I was... 
<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Okay, I am sorry, I was looking at total business. 


So Auto/Mobile would be in the 20% range, yes. 
<Q - Thomas Lee>: 20% range. Okay, thank you. 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Yair Reiner of Oppenheimer. 


<Q - Yair Reiner>: Yes. Thank you, just a follow up question. If you were to take out the warranty reserves in the 
quarter, what would the gross margins have been on the PND segment? 
<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: We didn't quantify that exactly, but the 5% 


basically is what would apply there roughly, 500 basis points. 
<Q - Yair Reiner>: So it was roughly evenly spread throughout the businesses? 
<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Yeah, yeah. 
<Q - Yair Reiner>: And then in terms of FX, the dollar obviously strengthened quite a bit over the course of the 


quarter. What impact did that have on your margins? 
<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: If you look at year-over-year, it had a very 


minimal impact during Q1. So I think to just due to timing of what the FX did a year ago which is now, again, there 
was very little impact on the margins. 
<Q - Yair Reiner>: And quarter on quarter? 
<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Quarter-over-quarter? I don't know that I have 


those numbers but I can get back to you on that. 



<Q - Yair Reiner>: Okay. Ad spend was I would say abnormally low in the first quarter. Is 4% something you can 
sustain going forward or should we expect that percentage to increase more towards that kind of 5.5% that you've run 
historically? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Yeah. I think as you know, Yair, about half of our 
ad spending is volume dependent and it's cooperative advertising with our major retailers. And so that's one of the 
major reasons ad spending was down. In fact, if you look at what we expect for the rest of the year, I think ad spending 
should be between 5 and 6% of sales, not down at 4. And we do have some Q2 ad placement and media spend that's 
planned coming up here in the next few weeks. So you'll see some new TV ads that will be coming to market here 
shortly. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: Okay. And then just one last quick one if I could, your major competitor characterized the overall 
PND market as being about 3% down in the U.S. on a sell-through basis and about 14% down in the EU on a 
sell-through basis. Do you view the overall market in more or less the same terms? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: For Europe, we definitely see some more decline 
than what we see in the U.S. Actually in the U.S. if you look at the NPD data, you'll see that it's actually increasing. So 
our view in North America is it's single digit to maybe low double-digit growth and declines in Europe. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Sutherland of Wedbush Securities. 

<Q - Scott Sutherland>: Great. Thank you. Good morning. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Hey, Scott. 

<Q - Scott Sutherland>: I wanted to ask about, again, about the nüvifone, selling to T-Mobile. I think that's the one 
carrier that's also carrying the Nokia navigation phone. And maybe you can talk about what differentiates the nüvifone 
that will allow it to sell against the Nokia phone as well as the Android phone with navigation. 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Well, my understanding on the Nokia phone is that 
it's not an Android-based phone and so it has a lot of limitations. It's more of a feature phone with navigation. Our 
phone, on the other hand, is a full Android-based phone with access to the Android market, as well as, as I mentioned 
earlier, our unique UI and integrating the LBS functions broadly into the device. 

<Q - Scott Sutherland>: Okay. And on your overall inventory, the destocking that occurred in Q1, now as you look 
back on Q4, I think on the last call you felt it was an equilibrium and now maybe it appears like you had some extra 
inventory. Was there something that might have, looking back, surprised in the holiday season that things didn't sell out 
of the channel as well that allowed the channels to have excess inventory? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: I don't think that we can really – we didn't really 
have anything to comment on that, other than there was a little bit more than we thought coming out with the major 
retailers. So it's always easier to look back and understand better than it is coming out of a period, yeah. 

<Q - Scott Sutherland>: Okay, fair enough. Thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Thank you. 

Operator 


Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Rath of Canaccord. 

<Q - Jeff Rath>: Great. Kevin, I wonder if you could help us a bit. Obviously you've put an offer out to the Raymarine 
shareholders and it's all subject to proper response and approvals, etcetera. But beyond the revenue impact that you 
have articulated, how should we think about the impact to the Marine segment on a consolidated basis? Does the mix of 
that business, is there restructuring recalled there? Does that pull back some of the consolidated margin assumptions? 
How should we think about the accretion there? Thanks. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: I think to Cliff's earlier comment, we would expect 
just the first year on the revenue side, it would add about US$150 million given the current expectations on their 
business. I think again it's complementary so the two businesses combined would, I think, be much stronger because of 
their OEM presence and our current presence in the aftermarket retail. From an accretion, we would expect it to be 
accretive the first year, but really it's too preliminary to give any kind of details on how much that would be accretive. 
We need to do further analysis and make it through the process before we can comment on that any further. 

<Q - Jeff Rath>: I guess just sort of the second question I had, Kevin or Cliff, if you could speak to it, can you share 
with us what the overall PND unit volumes were in Q1 that you sold into the channel? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Yes. Our overall units for the company were 2.1 
million and we sold right around 1.5 million PND units during Q1. 

<Q - Jeff Rath>: Thank you very much. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from James Faucette of Pacific Crest. 

<Q - James Faucette>: Thank you very much. I wanted to ask first on the channel inventory. I guess if I understood 
correctly is that the sell-through was pretty consistent with your expectations, particularly here in North America. But 
there was more inventory taken down maybe than you thought. So I'm just trying to get a sense for what changed, if the 
sell-through was pretty consistent, what changed from your retail partners' perspective? And then the second question I 
had, if you could talk to how things developed in terms of your pipeline for the Aviation and Marine businesses going 
forward during the course of the first quarter. Thanks. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: James, I think the first question has been answered 
about three or four times but I'll try, I'll address it again in terms of sell-through, sell-in. I think we were watching on a 
week-to-week basis thinking that the major retailers would start to order product and they elected to hold off on 
ordering product from us until we got into the second quarter. So I think that's what delayed our shipments to them. 
And their inventory levels continued to drop significantly during Q1. 

So that's really what changed kind of our expectations on when those new replenishment orders would come in. And 
now we've seen that occur at beginning part of Q2. And I think we're starting to see positive trends on the sell-in. The 
sell-through, I think our opinion really hasn't changed. As Cliff mentioned and I've mentioned, somewhere around high 
single-digits, low double-digits in term of year-over-year growth. 

In terms of pipeline on Aviation and Marine, I think Aviation, again, we had a double-digit growth for the quarter. We 
start to see some positive trends. We're cautiously watching to see what happens the rest of the year. Likely that that 
business, we've given sales growth expectations for 5 to 10% for the year, we'll probably update the market and you 
guys at the end of Q2 on that. Marine does appear to be in a recovery mode, 9% growth. And so far in Q2, the trends 
are positive, so we're hopeful that that recovery continues throughout the year. 

<Q - James Faucette>: If I could ask one clarifying question on the inventory. I didn't mean to re-pose the same 
question. I guess what I'm wondering is, is it your sense that your retailer partners have permanently taken down their 


inventory levels or did they just take longer to start to stabilize and rebuild those than you had expected? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: James, we really feel like it's the latter. And as Kevin 
mentioned, due to the timing of their orders, we actually saw some retail locations start to run short on product. So it's 
really burning through the inventory that they had and it wasn't a change in their approach at all. 

<Q - James Faucette>: Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our final question comes from Ben Bollin of Cleveland Research. 

<Q - Ben Bollin>: Thank you. The first question I had, you talked a little bit about material cost reductions in the 
quarter. I was hoping you could discuss a little bit about what you have seen in component pricing trends with respect 
to the map, the screen, NAND and the GPS chipset. And then also interested in how you feel about the mix of units in 
the PND business. You have given a percentage in the past. And any replacement trends that you feel you're seeing out 
there? Thanks. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: In terms of components, we feel like the pricing 
has been relatively stable. There's some components that have some upward pressure. And we're still focused on 
decreasing our costs, bill of material costs, through design changes as well as negotiations. So generally stable. There is 
some component supply trends for the whole market right now because of reduced capacity in the economic crisis. The 
foundries are running at full capacity right now. So supply has changed somewhat. 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: In terms of the mix, Ben, in terms of mix of PNDs, 
we've really discontinued giving that kind of data because the market is definitely not a hyper-growth market anymore 
and we have roughly seen 80% of our units sold at the low end or the really value price points, with 20% premium 
products. And nothing's really changed in terms of that mix of the PNDs and probably unlikely that it would going 
forward. Replacement trends, we don't have great data on this. We are gaining better data from our customers on what 
they are doing and what their purchasing decisions are, but we estimate somewhere between 20 and 30% of our units 
are replacement at this point. 

Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer 

I think that is all the questions from the call. We want to thank you for your interest and we look forward to updating 
you a quarter from now. Good-bye. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all 
disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 


© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


