Q2 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Kerri Thurston, Investor Relations Manager 
• Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer 
• Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
Other Participants 

• Amir Rozwadowski 
• Jeff Evanson 
• Rich Valera 
• John Bright 
• Jonathan Goldberg 
• Mark Sue 
• Vivek Arya 
• Thomas Lee 
• Reik Read 
• Yair Reiner 
• Jeff Rath 
• Jim Duffy 
• J.B. Groh 
• Justin Patterson 
• James Faucette 
• Paul Coster 
• Ilya Grozovsky 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning everyone, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2009 Earnings Call for Garmin's Limited. Before we 
begin, there are a couple of important items I wanted to review with everyone. There will be a verbal Q&A session at 
the end of today's presentation. The operator will instruct you on how to ask a live question at that time. If would you 
like to go to full screen view during today's presentation, you can select the enlarge slides button on your console. To 
go back to normal views, simply exit out of that window. 

To refresh your console, press the F-5 key on your keyboard. The F-5 key can be used if your slides are not advancing 
or if you need to refresh your streaming audio. If you would like to download today's presentation, there is a download 
button on your console, when you click on it the presentation will be available in a PDF format. 

And finally, if technical support is needed, simply press the help button on your console or you can dial Technical 
Support at 866-260-4631. Again, we will begin in couple of minutes. Thank you for your patience. 

Kerri Thurston, Investor Relations Manager 


Good morning. We'd like to welcome you to Garmin Limited's Second Quarter 2009 Earnings Call. Please note that a 
copy of the press release concerning this earnings call is available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at 
www.garmin.com/stock. 

Additionally, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet. Please note that this webcast does include slides which 
can be viewed during the call. An archive of the webcast will be available until September 9, 2009. A telephone 
recording will be available two business days following this call and a transcript of the call will be available on the 
website within 48 hours, under the events calendar tab. In addition, this quarter we'll be tweeting throughout the call. 
You can follow Jake's tweetcast at twitter.com/jakesjournal. 

This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its 
businesses. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market share, product 
introductions, future demand for our products and objectives are forward-looking statements. 

The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur and actual results could 
differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in 
our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2008 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Attending today's call on behalf of Garmin Limited are Dr. Min Kao, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Cliff 
Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer; Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; and Andrew 
Etkind, General Counsel. 

The presenters for this morning's call are Cliff Pemble and Kevin Rauckman. At this time I'll turn the call over to Cliff. 

Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer 

Good morning. As you've read from our press release this morning, Garmin announced second quarter results that 
showed significant sequential improvement along with very strong margins. The quarter developed much as we'd 
anticipated with strong seasonal performance in our Auto/Mobile, Outdoor/Fitness and Marine segments leading to a 
53% sequential revenue increase. 

Along with our revenue growth, we also delivered margin improvement with gross and operating margins of 53 and 
30% respectively. EPS was $0.83, excluding the effects of foreign currency and we generated 246 million of free cash 
flow leading to a cash and marketable securities balance of over $1.5 billion. 

From a business perspective, we continue to lead the worldwide PND market share as our North American market 
share grew to 57% from 53% in the first quarter and 54% in the year-ago quarter. We delivered 3.7 million units as unit 
growth on a sell-in basis resumed in both North America and Asian markets. 

We also continued to deliver new products to the market, which included new Marine and Outdoor/Fitness products 
reinforcing our technological leadership in this segment. Reviewing our business by segment: in the Auto/Mobile 
segment our revenue declined 31% versus the second quarter of 2008, but increased 68% sequentially. The average 
selling price was down 28% year-over-year, but increased from the first quarter as expected. On a sell-in basis, North 
American units increased while we experienced declines in Europe. 

The Outdoor/Fitness segment saw its first quarter of year over year revenue decline in over two years. The segment 
continued to post strong revenues and margins, but could not exceed the sales levels achieved in 2008 when we 
delivered a large number of new products to the market. 

Revenues from our Aviation segment declined 28% in the quarter as the industry continued to struggle with the current 
economic environment. While the market remained weak, we did see sequential improvement in both revenues and 
margins. 

Finally, revenues from the Marine segment declined 15% caused by the downturn affecting the entire Marine industry. 
However, our 2009 results are much stronger than the market, due to the strength of our Marine product line, and we 


experienced a 58% sequential increase in revenues as the boating season began, leading to improved operating margins. 

Many of you are wondering how we view the current economic climate. While we're not seeing significant signs of 
economic recovery, we are starting to see some positive indicators. As I mentioned earlier, we saw PND sell-in to the 
channel grow on a year-over-year basis in both North America and Asian markets, along with improving ASPs and 
margins on a sequential basis. We expect to see sequential increases in shipments as retailers stock their shelves for fall 
promotions and would anticipate stable pricing with some margin declines during Q3. 

As we look to the non-PND segments, we expect the Outdoor/Fitness revenues and margins to be flat sequentially, and 
we're well positioned to take advantage of sales opportunities with our strong lineup of new products. 

In Aviation and Marine, we expect continued weaknesses due to the economic conditions, but it does appear that we 
have hit a low point in both of these market segments. While some of our competitors are backing away from research 
and development, we are further differentiating ourselves by introducing new products that we believe will lead to 
increased market share and growth as these market segments and the general economy enter a recovery phase. We will 
take a closer look at some of these products in a few minutes. 

Next I'd like to review some recent product introductions. We recently launched the nüvi 465T designed specifically 
for long haul navigation and delivery trucks. This device provides multiple truck profiles and features advanced routing 
and guidance with truck related road restrictions such as height, width, length, weight and hazardous materials. The 
nüvi 465T also offers a unique POI database consisting of the National Truck and Trailer Services Breakdown 
Directory, which provides information related to repairs and services critical to drivers operating in unfamiliar 
locations. 

In late second quarter, we began delivery of the nüvi 1200 and 1300 series with an updated form factor and new 
features. These devices are Garmin's first to offer pedestrian navigation via public transit enabled by our City Explorer 
maps, which can be purchased and downloaded for 10-$15 per city. 

We also began deliveries of the nüvi 1490T, which features a bright five-inch screen, a new slimmer form factor and 
advanced features such as lane guidance, junction views and Bluetooth handsfree technology. Initial demand for this 
product has been strong driven by customers who appreciate a larger screen navigator with advanced features. 

Turning next to Outdoor/Fitness, we recently introduced three exciting new products in the outdoor lineup. The Oregon 
550 and 550T build on to our popular Oregon touchscreen series by integrating a 3.2 megapixel, autofocus camera and 
a three-axis compass. The waterproof digital camera can capture pictures and landscape for portrait orientation and 
geo-tag's the photos for future navigation use. It also offers 850 megabytes of built-in memory, along with a micro SD 
card slot for ample storage. 

The Foretrex 301 and 401 is a new line of wearable navigators incorporating a high sensitivity GPS chipset. The 401 
model incorporates an electronic compass, barometric altimeter and wireless data sharing as well as compatibility with 
Garmin's heart rate monitors and cadence sensors resulting in a versatile GPS that can be used for multiple applications. 

And finally the new Dakota family of products brings touchscreen functionality to the mid-range price point for 
outdoor enthusiasts. This compact product is perfect for the whole family and offers all of the must-have features, 
including a three-axis compass, barometric altimeter and wireless data sharing on the Dakota 20 model. 

At the recent 2009 Oshkosh Air Show, we introduced a number of new aviation products. Highlighting just a few, we 
introduced our new GPS Traffic Advisory Systems which feature a patent-pending technology known as CLEAR CAS. 
This technology correlates both ADS-B and traditional radar targets to provide the most comprehensive presentation of 
traffic to pilots. By incorporating ADS-B into the GPS family, Garmin is positioned at the forefront of the FAA's next 
generation modernization program. 

The G500 is a new glass cockpit solution which brings the form and functionality of the G600 to smaller aircraft at a 
value price. The G500 provides attitude, air data, weather, terrain and traffic information and can be upgraded to 
include our popular Synthetic Vision virtual reality display. 


We also announced our first entry into the experimental and light sport aircraft market, the G3X. Based on a building 
block design, the G3X is a customizable glass display system that incorporate a magnetometer, attitude, air data, engine 
monitoring and temperature probe to provide complete situational awareness for experimental and LSA aircraft. 

On the Marine front, we announced a number of new products to further strengthen our position in this market 
segment. These products include upgrades to our successful GPSMAP 400 and 500 series. These new products include 
a high sensitivity GPS receiver for faster, more reliable satellite acquisition and improved digital design for faster map 
drawing and tanning speeds. In addition, most of these new chartplotters are NMEA 2000-certified for plug-and-play 
system integration. 

Next, we announced additions to our VHF radio lineup that target the OEM and high-end boat market. These products 
are designed for easy integration with our multifunction display systems using space-saving black box configurations. 
The AIS model also features additional receivers, which allows the user to track and avoid vessels equipped with AIS 
transmitters. And finally we introduced new open-array radar, offering increased power and high definition technology 
for improved accuracy and precision which are highly desired features for mid-range and large size boats. 

Finally, I would like to provide an update on the development of our nuvifone. As announced last week, we launched 
the G60 in Taiwan and look forward to additional launches throughout August in other Asian countries. Our partner 
Asus is also finalizing carrier launch details for the M20 in both Taiwan and Singapore. 

In the United States, the G60 is currently in carrier field testing in anticipation of a Q4 launch. The G60 and M20 will 
be available in parts of Europe during the back half of the year. As we've said before, we'll provide additional details as 
we near the launch date. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Kevin who will provide a more detailed look 
at our second quarter results. 

Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Thank you, Cliff. I would like to walk through in more detail the stronger than expected financial results for the second 
quarter. First spending time on the income statement, you saw this morning our revenue came in at 669 million and we 
posted net income of 162 million. 

Our pro forma EPS of $0.83 per share, which excludes foreign currency. Revenues grow 53% sequentially from Q1 to 
Q2. However, year-over-year we experienced a 27% topline decline and 12% pro forma EPS decline when adjusting 
for both the foreign currency and the 2008 Tele Atlas gain that we posted last year. 

Our effective tax rate was consistent with the second quarter at 19%. Gross margins were very strong at 52.6%, which 
was a 680 basis point improvement over the prior year, as our gross margins improved in all four segments. The 
operating income fell 16% to 199 million, compared to 238 million in 2008. However, we posted 29.8% operating 
margin which was up from 26.2% last year as revenues fell. However, the gross margin, as I said, was 680 basis points 
favorable. 

Our advertising expenses were 130 basis points favorable, and they were down 24 million on a year-over-year basis. 
Other SG&A was 250 basis points unfavorable, again, down 5 million on a year-over-year basis. And we did see R&D 
increase about 2 million on a year-over-year basis which posted a 250 basis points unfavorable on the operating margin 
line. 

Pro forma EPS of $0.83 was an increase of nearly $0.60 sequentially on the strength of both sales and gross margins. 
Units shipped declined 5% year-over-year as 3.7 million units were delivered during the quarter. The decline was 
across all segments. Our total company average selling price was $180 per unit, which is down 23% from 2008, but flat 
sequentially. 

Our financial results were much improved over Q1 but we continue to be impacted by the reduction in sales driven by 
our economic situation. We'll continue to closely monitor the expenses in an effort to drive optimal results at current 
revenue levels. 


The non-GAAP measures that we've reported this morning represent net income per share excluding the effects of 
foreign currency and the 2008 gain on the sale of Tele Atlas equities. This impact was $0.02 per share unfavorable 
during Q2 of '09 and $0.25 per share favorable for Q2 2008. 

Moving next to a little bit more detail on revenue: during the second quarter we experienced a 31% revenue decline 
within the Auto/Mobile segment, while the unit volumes declined 4% in the segment. Marine segment revenues 
declined 15% compared to Q2 of '08, and our Aviation segment revenue declined 28% during the quarter. The 
Outdoor/Fitness segment saw a decline for the first time in two years with revenues falling 9% compared to Q2 of '08 
with the category facing tough comparables from that quarter when we launched the Colorado, Forerunner 405 and 
Edge 705 products. In total, our revenues fell 27% during the second quarter as we continue to battle against weak 
consumer discretionary spending. 

During second quarter, North American revenue declined 24% while our European business decreased 36% during the 
quarter. Our APAC region, however, saw sales begin to grow again with a 21% increase during the period. Unit growth 
in North America and Asia was offset by declines in Europe. And we experienced a 2% year-over-year unit decline 
from our PND products with North America and Asia growing, offset by the declines in Europe. 

The Auto/Mobile segment now represents 65% of our total business during the quarter, which is down from 69% in 
2008. Outdoor/Fitness grew to become 16% of our total revenues in the quarter, a 3% increase from 2008. Revenues in 
North America and Asia were 65% and 5% respectively, a two percentage point increase over 2008 levels, as Europe 
declined more rapidly than the rest of the world. 

The low-end unit sales of PNDs accounted for approximately 80% of the total. Our low-end revenues of PNDs account 
for approximately 80% of the total. This PND product mix compares to 80% and 70% respectively during the second 
quarter of '08. 

Moving next to margins, the second quarter Auto/Mobile gross margin and operating margin were 45% and 24% 
respectively. This is a significant improvement sequentially and year-over-year as pricing improved during 
quarter-to-quarter, and we also experienced material cost reductions and benefits from foreign currency fluctuations. 
The second quarter Outdoor/Fitness gross margin was 68%, up 11% over the last year due to both product mix and a 
decline in our material costs. 

Operating margin also increased year-over-year and sequentially to 47%, which is up 9% and 12% respectively. We 
posted strong Aviation gross margins at 74%, which is up 1% from the prior year and 5% sequentially, again due to 
product mix and inventory management improvements. Operating margin was 32% for the quarter, an 800 basis point 
improvement from the first quarter due to gross margin improvement and increased revenue levels. 

And finally the second quarter Marine gross margin improved to 59% from 56% a year ago quarter as our product mix 
improved. Operating margin was 35%, an improvement of 100 basis points from the year-ago quarter and 700 basis 
points from the first quarter of this year. Large sequential improvement was driven by higher seasonal revenue levels. 

Moving next to a little bit more detail on our operating expenses: Q2 operating expenses were down 27 million on a 
year-over-year basis from 179 million in Q2 '08 to 152 million in Q2 of '09. But these increased 360 basis points as a 
percentage of sales due to the revenue declines in our business. R&D increased 2 million year-over-year in dollar terms 
but was up 250 basis points to 8.4% of sales. 

We now employ over 1,900 engineers and engineering associates worldwide, and we remain committed to protecting 
product innovation. Our total head count now stands at just under 8,500 associates worldwide. Our ad spending 
decreased 24 million over the year-ago quarter and 130 basis points as a percentage of sales from 6.4% in Q2 '08 to 
5.1% in Q2 '09. We intend to continue to manage advertising expense based on the overall macroeconomic conditions. 
And finally other SG&A decreased 5 million compared to year ago quarter, but increased 200 basis points to 9.3% of 
sales from 7.3% a year ago with sales declines. We expect to keep the other SG&A costs relatively fixed for the 
remainder of 2009. 


Moving next to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of over US$1.5 billion. Our 
accounts receivable increased on a sequential basis to 519 million as we saw sales increase 53% sequentially. Accounts 
receivable accounted for approximately 63 days of sales which is down from 70 days of sales in Q2 of '08. Our 
inventory balance has decreased 30 million to 323 million as we continue to focus on inventory and production 
management. 

Our days of inventory metric decreased from 73 days at the end of Q1 to 68 days at the end of Q2, primarily in the area 
of raw materials inventory. At the end of the second quarter, we hold the following levels of inventory in major 
categorizations: 97 million of inventory in raw materials, which comprise 19 days of inventory, 38 million in WIP and 
assemblies, which is eight days of inventory, and 216 million in finished goods, which represent 41 days of inventory. 
We do have $28 million in inventory reserves at the end of the second quarter. 

While pleased with the cash flow benefit our inventory reductions, net inventory will increase in Q3 as we move into a 
busier selling season. We will continue to manage the supply chain appropriately given the economic conditions, and 
it's our goal to have adequate inventory to support customer needs. However, we intend to carry the right level and mix 
of inventory to minimize risk of obsolescence. 

We did not see additional destocking in the quarter. Sell-in appeared to trend with sell-through, and we continue to 
believe that retailers will hold inventories at these relatively low levels for the foreseeable feature. 

As we mentioned a couple of times on cash flow, we had very strong cash flow for the period. Cash flow from 
operations came in at 256 million during the second quarter. We posted CapEx of 10 million during the second quarter, 
and our free cash flow was 246 million. Cash flow from investing was 234 million use of cash during the second 
quarter, including the 10 million from CapEx, 221 million net purchase of marketable securities, and 3 million of an 
acquisition of intangibles. Cash flow from financing provided 4 million of cash during the second quarter due primarily 
to the issuance of employee stock purchase plan shares. Overall during the period, we earned an average of 1.6% on all 
cash and marketable security balances. 

And finally on the use of cash and taxes, due to our strong cash flow from operations during the first half of 2009, the 
Board of Directors has approved a 2009 annual dividend of $0.75 per share which will be an approximate 150 million 
use of cash during the fourth quarter. Other uses of cash, we continue to evaluate a number of acquisition opportunities, 
and currently we have authorization for stock buyback which allows 256 million to be used in this repurchase plan 
through the end of 2009. As I said, our tax rate for the quarter was 19%. We currently expect this to be the rate for the 
full year 2009. 

So that concludes a quick walk-through of our financial results for Q2. At this time, I'd like to open the call up for 
questions. 

Kerri Thurston, Investor Relations Manager 

Operator, do you want to begin taking questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Amir Rozwadowski [Barclays Capital]. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: Thank you very much, and good morning folks. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Hello Amir. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: I was wondering if you could talk a bit about the demand environment in North America. 
It seems as though you certainly benefited from share gains versus your competitors. So perhaps where you saw those 


share gains in terms of – are there other competitors backing off the market, and then where you think sort of demand 
environment for North America plays out for the duration of the year? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Well, as we said, we still see PND unit growth in 
the North American market and we have seen an increase in market share. And I think if you look at the latest research 
reports, Garmin has picked up a little bit here and there from some of the other competitors. We try not to name names 
but definitely have had a point here and a point there from some of the other competitors in the U.S. market. As far as 
the demand environment, I think we've – we still expect that PNDs, for example, will be relatively flat on a 
year-over-year basis between 2008 and 2009; that really hasn't changed, our opinion hasn't changed in the last quarter. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: And then, Kevin, last quarter we had seen some of your retail partners contract sort of the 
inventory that they kept in the channel. I was wondering if you could give us an update in terms of has that grown since 
the demand environment has stabilized? Do you expect some level of restocking to occur here? And any update there 
would be very helpful? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Well as we said during the formal comments, we 
didn't see a big difference in the sell-through and the sell-in rates. So the levels of inventory that we went into the 
quarters with our retail partners has been fairly – has been fairly flat. And it clearly, when we have now products like 
the nüvi 1200, 1300, 1400, we get into some initial stocking, and we've seen that in the last few weeks. But I don't think 
there is anything unusual about what we're experiencing in the market with our retail partners right now. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: But you wouldn't expect channel weeks of inventory to return to the levels that you may 
have seen sort of this time last year? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: No, we expect them to be about the same for the 
foreseeable future. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Jeff Evanson [Dougherty & Company]. 

<Q - Jeff Evanson>: Good morning everybody, and congratulations on the surprisingly strong margins in the quarter. 
I'll lead off with my focus there. Kevin, could you talk about factors that might impact the sustainability of these GMs. 
What was sustainable in the GM improvement this quarter and is there anything that might not be sustainable going 
forward? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Yes, I think the key factors on margins in Q2, we 
were – we benefited from nearly every possible outcome there. And from a stability perspective in Q3, we would 
expect stable pricing. So we did see some benefit in pricing during Q1 to Q2. The other thing we benefited from was 
foreign currency, that's likely – not likely to continue. It's hard for us to forecast that. But I think the other point in Q3 
and thereafter would be cost increases. We expect – component cost increases to hit us unfavorably during Q3, so 
sustainability we wouldn't expect to continue to see 53% numbers or 52.6% numbers in Q3 and beyond. They will 
come down. 

<Q - Jeff Evanson>: Could you give me a sense of what the FX impact was? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Yes, in the quarter it was about three percentage 
points of sales is the benefit we experienced, so again that was a pretty big number one of the largest we've seen in 
prior periods. 

<Q - Jeff Evanson>: Okay. My next question is on ad spending. Do you plan to keep cutting ad spending at the rate 
you've been cutting it in the first half? Do you plan on cutting it at that rate in the back half and frankly how will 
nüvifones launch impact your thinking on ad spending? 


<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: I think, as you guys know, a percentage of our ad 
spending, as we've stated over and over, is related to volume, and it's a cooperative advertising that we pay with our 
retailers. And then the other piece is the media spend, and we really doesn't focus on any major media spend in the first 
half. We do plan to do an ad campaign in the back half, so that will increase our ad spending some – slightly in Q3 but 
especially in Q4, as we do plan to push the nüvifone campaign as we launch that product. So ad spending in general 
should come up from its Q2 levels, especially in Q4 this year. 

<Q - Jeff Evanson>: I'll end it there and move into the queue. Thanks. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Rich Valera [Needham & Company]. 

<Q - Rich Valera>: Thanks. Just to follow-up on the gross margin questions, if I could. You said you expect to see 
some negative impact from increased material costs in the third quarter, Kevin. Is there any way you could quantify 
that a little bit more in terms of how much of an impact that might be? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: No. We're really not prepared to quantify how 
much that is, but it's – we've seen recently some cost increases in major, our major building materials like flash and 
display costs. 

<Q - Rich Valera>: Great. And then could you give us just your updated thoughts on your long-term gross margin 
targets in the auto slash, I guess, nüvifone category? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: I think the 45% gross margin was higher than we 
would expect in the future. We really haven't commented on long-term margins, other than, in general, pricing 
stabilized, and we expect margins long-term to come down from their current levels. So I think the mid-40s is probably 
about as good as it gets on PND. Nuvi... 

<Q - Rich Valera>: Fair enough. And finally just the – with respect to the expectations for nüvifone contribution in the 
second half, you previously talked about 100 to $200 million contribution there. Is that still a valid assumption? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Yes. We still have high expectations. I wouldn't 
raise the number any, but that's still within the range. 

<Q - Rich Valera>: Okay. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of John Bright [Avondale Partners]. 

<Q - John Bright>: Thank you. Kevin, staying with the gross margins, on the pricing side of the equation, anything 
unusual happening there, and then why the confidence looking forward? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Well I think we've been commenting for quarters 
now that we see some stability in pricing on a relative level, and we have, as I mentioned, new products that have just 
hit the market with the new nuvi and I think that any time we bring out new products it does help stabilize. 

So I think that the fact that we've competed well, especially in the North America market with gaining share, and also I 
just think the absolute pricing of the PNDs is a much lower level than it was a year ago, and so there is just – there is 
not so much further down we can go. Many of our competitors are still not making solid margins at the current levels, 
so I think those are all in our favor to keep pricing from dropping too rapidly in the future. 


<Q - John Bright>: What's been the initial feedback on the current generation of nüvifone or have you had any 
feedback? If so, what is been the current feedback thus far? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Well as you know, nüvifone just launched a little 
over a week ago in Taiwan. So we really don't have a lot of visibility at this point. With our field-testing efforts and 
data users, the feedback has been positive. 

<Q - John Bright>: And the trial tests that are going on now in the United States, that pushes towards an end of the 
year launch. What about the comments that came out of Taiwan on the android version for February 10? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: We really don't have any specific comment on that 
at this time. 

<Q - John Bright>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Jonathan Goldberg [Deutsche Bank]. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: Hi. Thanks for taking my call. I'm just wondering, on mapping costs, have you reached the 
volume triggers for your stepped discounts with Maptech yet? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Well, we don't give details with the Maptech, other 
than they are volume dependent, and we have seen cost reductions on a year-over-year level just like we have on many 
of our other building materials. So I think we're in line to put our earlier expectations on the licensing of those mapping 
costs. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: And when you say 80% of PND units and revenue came from the low end, how are you 
defining that? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: We moved from just price point definition more 
into the actual category of products. So anything that's nuvi 700 and above would be the high end and anything below 
that would be considered the low end. So all the nuvi 200, 300 products would be at the low end. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: A compression though of the ones that are not high end, it seems like the average price in 
that point has fallen considerably. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: That's true. I think that's driving the overall 
year-over-year reduction on PND pricing, but I think given where we stand today, we see some stability at those levels. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: Okay. And then last question, what are you going to do if we have $69 PNDs this 
Christmas? How would you respond to that? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: I think there is likely to be some competitors that 
would try to drop and sell at that low level. And we haven't always followed because we feel like there are certain 
prices that are just too low, and you can't make any money at. So we weren't too far off from that actually last year in 
the 2008 period, so we would – we have a plan in place with our retail partners to price our nüvi products at what we 
think are reasonable pricing, and we'll let some of the other guys go low and lose money on a per unit basis. Thanks, 
Jonathan. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: Thank you. 

Operator 

You're next question is from the line of Mark Sue [RBC Capital Markets]. 


<Q - Mark Sue>: Thank you. Kevin, do you feel there is no longer a correlation between revenues and advertising 
which gives you comfort in maintaining the new lower levels of advertising spend, is some of that because the brand is 
stronger, is some of that because you're gaining a lot of share from the smaller players? Any thoughts on this, the 
correlation between your revenues down the road and your planned advertising spend? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: I think there's been very little change there. About 
50% of our ad spending is still very closely tied to revenues. That's the cooperative advertising I mentioned earlier. The 
other 50% is somewhat dependent on when we make the call to invest heavily in TV ad campaigns, increased media 
spend. So definitely a portion of our ad spending is very much tied to volume and about half is not. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Okay. And then, Kevin, what should we assume for nüviphone now that the launch is here in Taiwan 
and it's also heading into Hong Kong and Singapore. What should we think about in terms of the units overall for this 
calendar year and also maybe just for North America? Any thoughts there? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Yeah, that's probably more detail than we're 
willing to give. In my earlier question, someone asked between 100 and 200 million in revenue total, and I think that's 
as much as we're willing to give right now. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: And they're making more progress I would imagine with the North America carriers? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: As Cliff mentioned, we're in final testing there, 
and as soon as there is something to announce, we will have some news come out on that. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Thank you, Kevin. Good luck. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Vivek Arya [Merrill Lynch]. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Thank you. A couple of questions. First is, Kevin, it appears that your PND ASP was down I think 
28 to 30% which is below your target of 15% decline, and I think it was also below what Top Down reported recently. 
And so the question is at what point do you see these ASPs declining right and getting to your target range of only 15% 
or so year-on-year declines? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Well again we believe that pricing should be stable 
for the next period and likely even into Q4 given some of the newer products that we've rolled out and are hitting the 
channel now. So I think in our internal plan we still expect to be somewhere between that 15 and maybe 17, 18% range 
on a year-over-year level. So we've seen some significant price reductions year-over-year in the first half, but again we 
should see stability there in the back half. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: All right. But what caused the ASPs to be down below your expectations in the second quarter? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Actually they really haven't. They're pretty close to 
right where we expected. They were sequentially up from Q1 and so they came very close to what we had expected 
going into the quarter. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Got it. Next thing is on PND gross margins, I believe the long-term gross margins could be in the 
30 to 35% range. Is that still the target or do you see any upside or downside factors? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: I think mid 30s is still a reasonably – target that we 
would expect in 2010 and beyond. But to be honest with you, it's very difficult to forecast that. But that would be our 
own expectation. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: All right. One last question. Cliff, what is the risk to your PND business from these Verizon 
Smartphones with embedded GPS capabilities that are introductions from TomTom and Navigon, applications and 
accessories for the iPhone? Blackberry has a tone GPS location. Is that a long-term threat for your PND business or is it 


just hype at this stage? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: It's hard to say long-term. What we would comment 
on is that some of these solutions aren't even available in the market yet. Navigon is there but TomTom is not. And 
kind of looking at those solutions, we feel like they still suffer from all the limitations that we believe we're addressing 
in products like nuvifone. So at this moment, we don't really see that effect to a large extent. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: If it does become an effect, does it hurt your replacement business and – or does it hurt your first 
customer business, and then correspondingly, what's the impact on ASP because of these new introductions? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Well I think it's hard to say which it would affect 
more. I think it could affect either one, because a replacement customer might want to try a nuvifone or a new customer 
might want to try a nuvifone. But in terms of ASP effect, I think the PND market is maturing, so I don't know that that's 
going to have a big impact on ASPs. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Got it, terrific. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Thank you, Vivek. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Thomas Lee [Goldman Sachs]. 

<Q - Thomas Lee>: Hi. Can you hear me? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Yes. 

<Q - Thomas Lee>: Hi. Thanks for taking my call. Just wanted to follow up on the previous ASP question. I was 
wondering did you see any price protection perhaps late in the quarter? And I guess specifically on maybe some of your 
200 series product line given that you just shipped some new products late in the quarter? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: That was actually one of the benefits in our margin 
results was the fact that we had much less price protection as a percentage of sales. And no, we didn't experience 
anything late in the quarter. 

<Q - Thomas Lee>: So there wasn't anything unusual on that front. And I guess just going forward, is it possible that 
we could see price protection come into play later in the year? I guess what gives you the confidence that what you 
saw, I guess, in Q1 and, I guess, Q4 last year, that that is not likely to repeat itself in the back half of this year? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Yes, we really don't expect that there would be a 
huge shift in the amount of price protection as we go through the back half of the year. 

<Q - Thomas Lee>: Got it. Okay. And then just on the gross margin improvement, can you just help quantify the 
magnitude, I guess, in terms of the breakout of that improvement? Did half of it come from FX and perhaps the other 
half from component cost benefits or can you just give some context around some of the different – the level of impact 
each of the factors played? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Yeah, we won't be able to go through all of those 
details. I did mention that about a three percentage point benefit was related to FX. The price protection definitely 
helped us and then overall cost reductions were very strong. So those were the four major areas that we benefited from, 
but I can't break out each one. I'm sorry. 

<Q - Thomas Lee>: What did costs decline in a year-over-year basis in Q2? Because I think your expectation for the 
full year was to be down I think only 10%? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: We exceeded that. But again we're not going to be 
able to break out the year-over-year cost reductions. It was stronger than that though. 


<Q - Thomas Lee>: Got it. Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Reik Read. [Robert W. Baird & Co.] 

<Q - Reik Read>: Good morning. With respect to the ASPs, you mentioned the Auto/Mobile is up, can you quantify 
that in any way? And then can you, given that the overall ASP was flat, can you tell us what the offset might have 
been? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: I think, you mean the offset in – we didn't really 
have an offset because margins were strong. But I think in general the ASP in PNDs came up in the single digits 
sequentially, but we didn't see double digit increases, but we did see single-digit percentage increases from Q1 to Q2 on 
ASP. 

<Q - Reik Read>: Yeah, and I guess, Kevin, what I meant there was just the overall company ASP was flat 
sequentially. And I'm just wondering what the offset would be if PND was up? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: It's primarily – I think that really answers most of 
it because ASP in total was essentially flat. So you look at Auto – you look at Outdoor/Fitness down just slightly to 
offset that, but there was not a lot of other movement in the other segments. 

<Q - Reik Read>: Okay. And then you just commented that you've got some confidence that price protection won't hit 
you in the back half of the year. Can you give us an understanding of what – where that confidence is being derived 
from? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: I think just in the discussions with our customers 
on what the pricing is going to do in the next few months and then going into the holiday season. So and then I think – 
don't forget the fact that we just rolled out some new products. And we know what those prices are and they won't 
decline as fast as some of the older products. 

<Q - Reik Read>: Okay. And then just one longer-term question. Can you just discuss what the Auto market might 
look like from in-dash, in-car, what that opportunity might present for you guys in the next two, three years. 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Well, as we've been saying for a while, we're 
working hard to try to get opportunities in that space and we've already announced some – for example, the 2011 Jeep 
Cherokee that's a design-in opportunity. So we are focusing on that business and trying to grow it into the future. 

<Q - Reik Read>: Okay. Great. Thank you, guys. 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Yair Reiner. [Oppenheimer & Co.]. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: Great. Thank you. Congrats on the nice quarter. So first, for the PND segment, you're forecasting 
volumes to increase in the third quarter, which is at odds with, I guess, the seasonal pattern we've seen in the last couple 
of years. So I wanted to get a sense of what's driving that and will 3Q kind of be a new normal baseline for the 
company? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Well, we're in the process of still filling channels 
with some of our new products and the other dynamic will be that later in the third quarter we'll see sell-in for fourth 


quarter promotions. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: Got it. And I guess turning to Europe, I was hoping maybe you could give us some sense of how 
the year-on-year growth trends for the market are shaping up there. Europe has traditionally been about a year ahead of 
the U.S. market and is there anything to learn from how Europe is acting these days? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Well, in general I think, we believe we've held 
market share there. So we've seen pretty strong declines year-over-year on units and especially in the PND market. So I 
think what we did see is relative strength in North America, but Europe is definitely very weak in the PND segment 
right now. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: Can you give us a sense quantitatively of the volume decline there in the market? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: I think it's – it would be south of 20% decline 
year-over-year on units in the PND market. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: Great. And just one final question. Looking out to for 4Q, based on what you're saying for the 
third quarter, should we expect kind of the typical seasonality both in the PND segment and across your other 
businesses? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Yes. I think the seasonality that we expect in Q4 
would be pretty consistent with what we typically see and that would be a much larger Q4 for Auto/Mobile and 
probably not as much movement on the Outdoor/Fitness as we normally would see just due to the number of products, 
the products we currently have on the market, and then clearly Marine comes down in the back half, just relative levels, 
and Aviation should stay again relatively flat as well. But seasonality on the Auto/Mobile, we would expect some 
improvement sequentially from Q3 to Q4. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Jeff Rath [Canaccord Adams]. 

<Q - Jeff Rath>: Thanks, Kevin. Maybe I could start just as a – beat this gross margin question up a little bit more. 
Kevin, on the gross margins, is there any other variable there that was worth calling out with regards to product mix, 
and more specifically I know that you had launched I think it's a three-year product where you could purchase map 
renewals for three years. Is there any other products in the – in particular in the Automotive segment that might help 
explain the strength there that come in with a different margin profile than traditional PNDs? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: First off on what other impact – I can't really, we 
have really pretty much identified the major ones already which I identified as lower price protection, FX benefit, 
significant cost reductions during the period. So those are the major ones. 

In relation to the question on lifetime maps, which we began selling in 2009, they continue to be a significant portion of 
our revenue, a high margin so they definitely benefited and fall into product mix, but nothing really unusual about the 
sales of those maps in Q2 versus Q1. 

<Q - Jeff Rath>: Okay. You're not willing to quantify the impact of that product on maybe margins at all? It's not 
worth calling out, I guess? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Not at this point. 

<Q - Jeff Rath>: All right. Maybe just moving on to the nuvifone impact, and I understand your wait to see how it 
rolls out. But as we think about that as a major new product category for Garmin, how should we think about, now that 


you have it on a joint venture basis, how should we think about the net impact to the overall P&L? Presumably do you 
expect nuvifone in aggregate when you net out marketing expenses and ramp costs and contribution margins, do you 
think that impact will be positive or negative at least in the initial stages of your entrance into that market? Any color 
would be helpful. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Well, I think if you talk about initial stages in 
terms of 2009 given the level of volume we would expect and the R&D costs we invested and even the advertising 
campaigns, no, will not be a – it would not be positive margins this year. The question is what happened next year. And 
it's too early for us to tell on how much of an impact it will hit in 2010. We'll give you more guidance or details on that 
as the product rolls out and we introduce new products in the future. 

<Q - Jeff Rath>: Okay. And then just the final question I have is on the Aviation segment. And maybe, Cliff, you 
could jump in here and help me out. Looking at that segment and trying to get some sense as to how demand performs 
in a down economic period, it seems historically that that segment benefits from an order backlog, but then it kind of 
makes it a late cycle type of dynamic where that the demand characteristics of that fall off a little bit later and might 
linger longer with regards to a general recovery in consumer. So any color you can give us on the thinking of that 
particular market segment for Garmin? How do you think about that relative to the current economy? Thanks. 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Well the segment is definitely challenged because of 
the economic situation and all of the attention surrounding automakers and their use of private aircraft. I would say that 
there were significant drops in the market as reported by Gamma in the second quarter. Year-to-date business jet 
shipments are down almost 40%. And in terms of how the market recovers, we probably don't have any different view 
than what you articulated because it is a long cycle industry. 

I would say though that we benefit from some of the product lines that we're on, for example the Light Business Jets 
that we've won have actually performed pretty well in the sales environment that we're in, and so that's helped cushion 
some of the other reductions that we seen in some of the other aircraft categories. 

<Q - Jeff Rath>: Thanks very much. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Jim Duffy [Thomas Weisel Partners] 

<Q - Jim Duffy>: Thanks. Most of my questions have been answered. A couple of quick ones. Kevin, is there any 
difference in the pricing dynamics you're seeing between North America and Europe? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: No. I think what we've seen over the last couple of 
quarters is that Europe and the North American market on price have really come into line with each other. There is not 
as much of a difference as used to be, so not a big swing in either way there. 

<Q - Jim Duffy>: What about pricing direction? They're both of kind of – you would expect they'd both hold stable 
into the third quarter? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Yes. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Yes, we do. 

<Q - Jim Duffy>: Okay. And then have you disclosed the marketing budget plan for the nuviphone launch? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: No, we have not. And we don't intend to give 
details on that other than – as the product is launched later this year, we will spend advertising dollars and media 
dollars in that area. 


<Q - Jim Duffy>: How about the timing of that spend, Kevin? Does some of that hit in the third quarter or should we 
expect to see it concentrated in the fourth quarter? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Concentrated in the fourth quarter. 

<Q - Jim Duffy>: Thanks very much. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Gab sic [J.B.] Groh [D. A. Davidson & Co.]. 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: Kevin, are you there? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Yes. 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: This is J.B. I've never been called Gab before. But there's a first time for everything. You guys 
obviously did a great job on the margins. Is that – have you identified other cost saving measures that you can 
implement and other things that you can do and how would you characterize where you are on that front in terms of 
low-hanging fruit versus stuff that you have to reach for? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Well, I think the fact that we dropped our 
operating expenses $27 million year-over-year is a pretty telling statement on our ability to scale the business based on 
market demand. So I think the low hanging fruit is gone, but we're still doing everything we can on a day-to-day basis 
to manage and control costs in a still relatively weak consumer discretionary environment. 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: So it's still just a lot – just simple blocking and tackling that remains? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Yeah, more of the same, SG&A, holding our 
SG&A dollars flat. We're still intending to grow R&D throughout the year as we hire some additional engineering 
talent, and then advertising will be up and down depending whether we do media spend or not. 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: And then what's going to be your use of this cash flow. I know you did some acquisitions of 
distributors and that sort of thing, but what other – what else is out there in terms of on the acquisition front or other 
uses of cash? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: I'd say we talked about the dividend this morning 
as an announcement. So clearly we've already focused on 150 million use of cash. Acquisitions would be the number 
two focus, and then also stock buyback, depending on market conditions. Those are the three areas still that are going 
to – they are going to use up the cash. 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: Okay. Thanks for your time. Congratulations on the quarter. 

<A>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Tavis Mccourt [Morgan Keegan]. 

<Q - Justin Patterson>: Okay. Thanks guys. This is Justin Patterson on behalf of Tavis. Congratulations on the 
quarter. First with respect to components, it looks like the supply of displays is tightening in the market. Beyond 
impacting your margins for the back half of the year, is there any risk that you may see some unit volume slippage due 
to component constraints? 


<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: We're working very hard with our suppliers to make 
sure that doesn't happen. It is true that it is a more constrained supply environment at this moment, so we are seeing 
those dynamics in the market. 

<Q - Justin Patterson>: Okay. Then on nuviphone, you mentioned that it was in carrier testing in the U.S. right now. 
Could you give us a sense as to exactly how long it's been in the carrier testing at this point and possibly the number of 
carriers that it's being tested at? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: I think the carrier certification cycle can be quite 
long. It can be several months. And definitely the nuvifone has been in the cycle for – since the springtime. In terms of 
number of carriers, we won't really comment but again we are very busy right now with our activities. 

<Q - Justin Patterson>: Okay. And finally just on warranties. It looks like your expenditures for the quarter decreased 
sharply sequentially. Should we view this as a sign that the refurbished market is beginning to slow somewhat? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: No. I think we, I wouldn't lead into taking some 
trend on that. I think we do see – costs fluctuate based on actual claims that come in. So I don't think you can make a 
trend out of that. 

<Q - Justin Patterson>: Okay. Great. Thanks. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Thanks, Justin. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of James Faucette [Pacific Crest Securities]. 

<Q - James Faucette>: Thank you very much. I just wanted to touch on a couple of things; firstly on the gross 
margins, you indicated that you got about 300 BIPs of benefit from the FX move during the course of the quarter, and 
I'm just wondering if you're thinking about that as being at least somewhat permanent, if exchange rates don't move, 
and/or do you think that will erode quite quickly as everybody else adjusts prices as well? That's my first question. The 
second question is you indicated in the presentation that you thought that Marine and Aviation probably bottomed in 
the first quarter. So from that standpoint as we go into the seasonally weaker quarters, particularly for Marine, do you 
think that we'll be able to stay above the levels that we saw in the first quarter? Thank you very much. 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: First of all, the FX piece – that's the reason we 
quantified it, because we don't expect that that type of a benefit can continue, and it's not something you should bake in 
your model if that's what you're trying to do. Clearly that moves both, in both directions and we have to just take it as it 
comes so to speak. 

On the Marine piece, we would not expect that the Marine revenues would continue at its current rate. It will decline as 
they typically do in the second half. I think the main point there is competitively we're not losing ground, we're actually 
gaining ground we believe, and hopefully we'll still see some decent sell through on the Marine products as we go 
through Q3 and Q4. 

<Q - James Faucette>: Great. And just to clarify though is that as we go through Q3 and Q4, obviously we'll be down 
on a seasonal basis, but do you think that we can return to the levels or below that we saw in December of last year and 
March of this year? Or in your comments you indicated that you thought there were – had seen a bottom at least due to 
macro-economic conditions. I guess I'm just trying to get a feel for how much was macro versus seasonal there? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Yeah. I think if you look at the year-to-date, the 
year-to-date numbers we're not going to continue to see Marine be down at 23% which was our year-to-date number. 
We should see, based on easier comps in the back half, we should see that percentage decline or percentage change to 
come down. 


<Q - James Faucette>: Great. Thank you very much. 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Paul Coster [J.P.Morgan]. 

<Q - Paul Coster>: Thank you. So the data points coming out of the more developed European PND Auto market do 
suggest that the market might have stalled or might not be a growth market any more in terms of unit volumes? And 
I'm just wondering, have you done any market research that proves otherwise or suggests that North America might be 
different in some way? That's the first question. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: No, we have not done market research, but we're 
obviously concerned about the European market. We want to see – get back to growth levels, but I think it's just more 
mature than the European – or excuse me, than the North American market is at this point. 

<Q - Paul Coster>: Okay. And the other thing is you mentioned you had a design win with – I think it was the 
Chrysler Grand Jeep Cherokee in 2011 and it's kind of depicted as a sort of product win. I'm just wondering, are you 
working with any of the other auto OEMs as a sort of platform provider for a multitude of products across a range of 
vehicles or should we think about your opportunity in that market as a sort of product-specific design win opportunity? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: We're not constraining our future approach to any 
particular method. At this time we really don't have any guidance to give you in terms of where we're focusing. But 
we're not ruling anything out. 

<Q - Paul Coster>: Okay. Maybe one last question. Your R&D, is it proportionate to your sort of product mix or is it 
focused on specific product lines and specific developments, if you can give us some color there? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Well, I think what you've seen in our past 10-Q, 
10-K filings is that we do have a strong investment in the Aviation business relative to the sales there, so it's still a large 
part of our R&D is the Aviation segment, but other than that it's pretty much across the board spending on Outdoor, 
Auto and the Marine business. 

<Q - Paul Coster>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Ilya Grozovsky [Morgan Joseph]. 

<Q - Ilya Grozovsky>: Ilya Grozovsky. I just had a clarification, you had said earlier in the call that you thought that 
the auto business would be flat in the second half. Were you meaning in terms of revenues or units? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: No, I meant units on a year-over-year basis. 

<Q - Ilya Grozovsky>: Okay. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: What it implies, and in addition to that 15% at 
least ASP reduction on a year-over-year basis. 

<Q - Ilya Grozovsky>: Okay. Thanks. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Thanks. 


Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Brian Blair. 

<Q>: Hi. Can you just talk a little – you've covered everything, but you can just talk a little bit about this – the retailers' 
activities right now relative to 2008, and just maybe compare and contrast what they're doing in terms of taking orders 
and just trying to get a little bit of detail. They were very conservative last year, heading into last year's holiday season 
and I just want to try and get some compare and contrast in that regard? Thanks. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Well I think we've seen the inventory situation in 
the channel obviously go through a correction as the economic conditions have evolved. And I think they are still kind 
of working on that somewhat conservative model. So this year they're being a little more cautious in terms of inventory 
and all those things. But there is definitely still demand there and in some cases we know that the customers are unable 
to find the product they want because retailers have been too conservative. So we do anticipate that there will be strong 
sell-through into the Q4 holiday season. 

<Q>: And are they taking orders right now, at the same timeframe that they would normally be taking orders, if you go 
back to August of 2008? Because it seems like last year, they were waiting until kind of the last minute to take some 
orders, and I guess that's what I'm trying to get a little more of a sense for? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: I think we're probably viewing it as they're giving 
us orders, but indeed, we're getting firmed up commitments for the Q4 at probably a little earlier stage this year than 
what we saw last year. 

<Q>: Okay. Great. Thank you very much. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer>: Thank you. 

Kerri Thurston, Investor Relations Manager 

That will be our last question for today. Thank you for joining us. And Kevin and I will follow-up as appropriate. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


