Q3 2007 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Paulette M. Schwerdt, Manager of Investor Relations 
• Dr. Min Kao, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
• Clifton A. Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer 
• Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon, my name is Carmen, and I will be your conference Operator today. At this time, I would like to 
welcome everyone to the Garmin's Q3 2007 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any 
background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. 
Thank you. 

I will now turn the call over to Ms. Polly Schwerdt. You may begin your conference ma'am. 

Paulette M. Schwerdt, Manager of Investor Relations 

Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited's Third Quarter 2007 Earnings Call. Please note that 
a copy of the press release concerning this earnings call is available at Garmin's 'Investor Relations' site on the Internet 
at www.garmin.com/stock. Additionally, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet. Please note that this webcast 
does include slides, which you can view during this call. An archive of the webcast will be available until November 
30, 2007. A telephone recording will be available for two business days after this call, and a transcript of the call will 
be available on the website within 48 hours at www.garmin.com/stock under the 'Events Calendar' tab. 

This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its 
business. Any statements regarding our future financial positions, revenues, earnings, market shares, product 
introductions, future demand for our products, and our plans and objectives are forward-looking statements. The 
forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ 
materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our 
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2006, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Attending on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Dr. Min Kao, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Cliff 
Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer; Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; and Andrew 
Etkind, General Counsel. The presenters for this morning's call are Dr. Min Kao, Cliff Pemble and Kevin Rauckman. 

At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Dr. Kao. 

Dr. Min Kao, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Polly. Good morning, everyone. From this morning's press release, you can see that we recorded yet 
another record quarter. Total revenues and EPS, again, both exceeded our expectations. Revenue for the quarter 
increased 79% to $729 million. EPS was up 57%, or 78% excluding the effect of foreign currency. Unit volume was 
more than double, up 119%. Revenue growth continued to show strength in all four business segments. 


Over 2.6 million, Garmin products were shipped during the third quarter, bringing our total to almost 25 million units 
shipped to date, continued evidence of the strength of the Garmin brand. And we now expect to ship over 10 million 
units in 2007. Our worldwide employees increased to over 7,900. We added 1,100 manufacturing associates during the 
quarter to meet increased demand. 

According to independent market research, Garmin has maintained a strong number one PND position, which is 
approximately 50% of market share in North America and a strong and improving market share in Europe. 

To keep pace with continuous increase of demand for our products, we continue to expand our facilities. In Taiwan, we 
have completed our initial build-out of our third manufacturing facility. Manufacturing facilities are counter 
configured, has the ability to produce 26 million units annually. And we continue to expand R&D and other office 
space, and we have continued to build-out of our third facility as demand warrants. 

In Europe, we expect the acquisitions of our Italian, Spanish and Danish distributors will provide us with additional 
distribution support in those countries. And in the U.S., work continues on the expansion of our warehouse distribution 
facility at our Kansas headquarters. We anticipate completion of this expansion in the first quarter of 2008. 

In this morning's press release, we announced the appointment of Cliff Pemble to a newly created Chief Operating 
Officer position. Since our inception in 1989, we have been blessed by significant and consistent growth every year. 
We have established our company as a leader of navigation devices with nearly 8,000 employees, and subsidiaries and 
operations at an increasing number of locations. 

We serve four markets from which we have leveraged great synergies in technologies and operations. Our average 
business technology is all unique characteristics and competitive that requires strong leadership. Especially that 
automotive/mobile segment, which has a very significant growth opportunity, is extremely dynamic. 

So to support our continuous growth and, to ensure our future success, we need additional dedicated leaderships. 
Accordingly, we have appointed Cliff to a newly created COO position. Cliff was one of Garmin's first employees in 
1989 and he is presently Vice President of Engineering and a Board member. Cliff has been an instrumental part of 
many business and product initiatives since the inception of Garmin. In his new role, Cliff will also assume direct 
supervision of all Garmin's North American subsidiaries. And I will continue to serve as CEO and Chairman. 
Assigning the additional responsibilities to Cliff will allow me to devote more of my time to business development, 
strategic planning, and the development of our Asia-Pac business initiatives. 

Kevin will provide comment on our Q3 results and I would just like to give a few words on our business outlook. As 
we look forward, we are optimistic about the 2007 holiday spending season. We feel that our device will continue its 
innovation and our worker integration strategy has positioned Garmin to take advantage of PND market opportunities 
in both Q4 and into 2008. 

We believe we are well equipped to respond to increased demand for products. We have increased our manufacturing 
facilities and improved our inventories in preparation for holiday seasons. We anticipate that the enhanced product 
positioning, targeted advertising and the holiday season promotion activities will drive strong growth through the 
remainder of 2007. 

Quite obviously, we are pleased with the margin levels we have achieved so far in 2007. We anticipate pricing and 
margin compression will intensify during this holiday season. 

For our aviation segment, WAAS and the GMX200 will continue to drive future fleet revenue growth. Work on various 
existing and recently announced micro-jet and other certifications also continues for deliveries in 2008 and beyond. 

Similarly, we expect a new suite of marine product and cartography as we have acquired TR-1 autopilot to continue to 
drive our marine segment growth in both out of market and OEM. 

For our outdoor/fitness segment, the Astro dog tracking product and new Rino, eTrex products featuring high 
sensitivity GPS has been very well received and we are to see good sales during the holidays. Additionally, the new 
450s provides a new and attractive value priced fitness product [inaudible]. So in summary, we are pleased with our 


overall result and are excited about future opportunities. 

Just a few comments about our recent acquisition activities. We continue to examine potential acquisition opportunities 
to broaden Garmin's product offerings and enhance our technology opportunities. We feel that we have achieved 
positive results and increased market share from the recent acquisitions of French and German distributors. 

Furthermore, in addition to the previous announced acquisition of our Spanish distributors, in early August, we 
announced our intent to acquire our Italian distributor, Synergy. Additionally on October 11th, we announced our intent 
to acquire our Danish distributors, Fairpoint Navigation. This acquisition of distributors in major markets is a part of 
our strategy to improve brand visibility and market share in Europe. 

And early this morning, we announced our intent to acquire Tele Atlas. This acquisition is consistent with our vision as 
a market leader in location and innovation-based product and technology. This acquisition also demonstrated Garmin's 
commitment to provide value for its shareholders. 

Historically, Garmin believed that an independent, competitive net to operate served our industrial well. However, in 
the absence of this independent and competitive net to operate, Garmin must exercise its obligation to provide market 
leadership. 

Garmin believes it is better equipped to provide this leadership by acquiring Tele Atlas. We also believe that this 
acquisition is in the best interest of Tele Atlas and Garmin's stakeholders, leveraging Garmin's strong financial position 
and long history of innovation with Tele Atlas maps. We believe Garmin's vision for the future, which includes the 
combined Garmin-Tele Atlas entity, will benefit market participants and customers and Tele Atlas customers. 

Kevin will discuss the acquisition details more fully near the end of this conference call and we will take questions you 
may have during the Q&A session of this call. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble to provide 
our products and advertising update. 

Clifton A. Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer 

Thank you Min. I will be presenting a brief update on our Q3 product releases and other major initiatives undergoing in 
the quarter. Turning first in the automotive segment, during third quarter we released nüvi 260, which features 
text-to-speech capability. The nüvi 260 rounds out our value conscious nüvi 200 product line by offering a 
configuration for nearly every customer and budget, and the nüvi 200 line is becoming one of our more popular product 
lines within the line-up that we have. 

In addition, we released the nüvi 700 series, which is a totally new family of products rounding out the upper end of our 
product line-up. The nüvi 700 series includes all of the features of our high-end PND products but it's wrapped in a new 
form factor which is thinner and includes a built-in antenna, eliminating the flip-up antenna design of the previous 
generation of products. 

We have also added some new features like the 'Where Am I' location search, and a 'Where is My Car' search that 
allows the customer to easily find their parked vehicle. With the release of these new PNDs our Q4 product line is 
complete and we believe we have excellent shelf space and sufficient product to meet the demand of the holiday 
season. 

Turning next to the outdoor and fitness segment; we released updated versions of our eTrex product family. The goal of 
these new products was to incorporate a state-of-the-art, high sensitivity GPS receiver for better operation in areas of 
dense foliage and other shady conditions. As you would expect, we offer several configurations in order to best match 
our product with customer needs, starting with the basics eTrex H through the higher end eTrex Vista HCx, which 
feature a memory extension slot. 

Also during Q3, we released our new Astro dog tracking system. In addition to tracking up to 10 dogs on a moving 
map, this unique product also includes advanced features such as on-point detection and ability to record the location 
and number of birds encountered or taken in a hunt. The Astro has been enthusiastically embraced by the outdoor 


market and we look forward to expanding our role in this exciting new application for GPS. 

And finally, we initiated shipments of our new Forerunner 50 speed and distance watch. This product features accurate 
measurement of speed, distance and heart rates in an economical package and is the first fitness product to offer 
wireless connectivity so that the user can automatically download workout information to our Garmin Connect fitness 
site when in proximity of a home computer. 

Turning next to aviation; several exciting announcements were made at the recent NBAA Trade Show. First, Cessna 
announced that G1000 will be offered on 2008 model Caravan aircrafts. The response from Cessna's customers was 
positive and, according to public information provided by Cessna, an additional 59 orders were taken for the Caravan 
during the NBAA and AOPA shows. As we mentioned last time, Cessna has selected Garmin as the avionics supplier 
for the new SkyCatcher light sport aircraft. Cessna recently announced that orders for this new aircraft exceed 850 
units, which is further validation of this exciting aircraft category. 

Also during the NBAA show, Socata announced that the G1000 will soon be available on the TBM 850, and Piper 
announced that it's selected the G1000 for its new single-engine VLJ. 

Finally, we announced that G1000 retrofit program for the King Air 200 and B200 aircraft. The King Air 200 
announcement complements our existing program for the C90. As an update on this program, we've completed the 
certification flight test and anticipate shipping the system to installers during the fourth quarter. 

We continue to maintain delivery support of Cessna Mustang VLJ and are supporting the development of several other 
VLJ programs. The Embraer Phenom program is progressing well as is the Diamond D-JET and HondaJet. In fact, 
some of you may have noticed Honda's corporate image advertisement, which aired this weekend and features images 
of the HondaJet. 

Finally, we've launched our fourth quarter advertising campaign. This year, we will be very active in promoting our 
product on television, radio, print and at the point-of-sale. Some of you may have noticed our TV campaign which 
started this past week. We are looking forward to making a favorable impression on customers leading up to the 
holiday shopping season, and the stores are ready to receive them with many appealing offers that will be available on 
Black Friday. 

That concludes my update. Kevin will continue his financial update and will provide detailed comments on our 
proposed offer to acquire Tele Atlas. 

Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Thanks Cliff. I'll be presenting third quarter and year-to-date financial results, as is normal, including business segment 
details, and then finally, conclude with our updated full-year 2007 outlook. But first, on the Q3 income statement, our 
revenue during the period we recognized 729 million, net income of 194 million, and earnings per share of $0.88 per 
share. That represents 79% top-line growth and 57% earnings per share growth and, when we strip out the foreign 
currency, that actually represents 78% earnings per share without FX. The unfavorable $0.01 EPS impact was due to 
FX loss of 3.6 million during the period. 

As we've announced throughout the year, the gross margin of 46.9% was better than expected due to soft PND volume 
in the U.S. and in Europe, PND price erosion offset by some material cost reduction and operating efficiencies in our 
factories. We announced 29.4% operating margin, which is down from 29.7% last year but much better than expected. 

Our gross margins were 190 basis points unfavorable; advertising, 40 basis points favorable from Q3 '06; our other 
SG&A was 70 basis points unfavorable; and our R&D 190 basis points favorable. We did ship 2.7 million units during 
the quarter on the strength of our auto/mobile segment, and our average selling price during Q3 was $271 per unit, 7% 
below the second quarter of '07. 

Non-GAAP measures that we reported include net income excluding the effect of foreign currency and during Q3 this 
impact was $0.01 per share favorable. 


Looking at revenue by segment, we experienced triple-digit revenue growth across the auto/mobile segment, while the 
unit growth in that segment grew 203%. Revenue within the aviation segment continued its strong growth with a 27% 
growth rate over the third quarter of 2006. Our marine segment extended its Q2 growth into Q3 with a 17% revenue 
increase during the quarter. And our outdoor segment also continued its recovery as the growth within that segment 
was 20%. Overall, our revenues grew 79% during the third quarter, which was in line with our earlier expectations. 

Sales of products introduced within the last 12 months contributed to 41% of our Q3 revenue. Overall, our total 
revenues have grown 69% during the year-to-date 2007 period. And on a year-to-date basis, all four business segments 
have experienced double-digit revenue growth with auto/mobile revenues up over 100% and our aviation segment up 
30% over year-to-date 2006. 

During the third quarter, North American revenue was up 71% while our European business increased 89% during the 
quarter. Our Asian sales also grew 109% during the period. Our Q3 North American unit sales increased 121% on the 
strength of PND product sales, our Europe unit sales kept pace during the quarter and also grew 126%. 

Year-to-date North American revenue is up 76%, while our European business has increased 58%. Our Asian sales also 
grew 60% on a year-to-date basis. North American unit sales year-to-date increased 114% on the strength of PND 
product sales, and our Europe unit sales also grew over 85%. 

Because of the explosive PND market, our automotive/mobile segment now represents 72% of our total business. 
Within the auto/mobile segment, the North American market unit growth was greater than European growth. However, 
both continents experienced 100% unit growth quarter-over-quarter. 

As mentioned earlier, Garmin's total North American market growth was similar to the growth in Europe during the 
quarter, and North America represents now 62% of our total business. 

Looking at product mix, when we evaluated the PND units in our auto/mobile segment, in Q3 we had nearly two-thirds 
of our revenue coming from what we classify as the lower price products and nearly one-third from the mid-range and 
the high-end products. 

Moving next to margin by segment. Q3 aviation gross margin and operating margin remained relatively stable at 66% 
and 36% respectively. Q3 outdoor/fitness gross margin and operating margin decreased to 52 and 33% respectively. 
And our third quarter marine gross margin decreased to 53%, while the operating margin in the segment decreased to 
33% due to lower volume during the quarter. 

Third quarter auto/mobile gross margin came in at 43%, beating our expectations. The primary reason for the strength 
of the gross margin in this segment is that price compression was not as severe as earlier expected. We also 
experienced benefit from favorable product mix, and PND units sold in the U.S. were greater than in Europe. Operating 
margin of 28% within this auto/mobile segment was higher than expected. 

Due to expected price competition of PND products during the holiday season, we continue to expect this auto/mobile 
segment will experience declining gross and operating margin during the fourth quarter of 2007. 

Moving next to our operating expenses; R&D increased $4 million quarter-over-quarter in dollar terms but was down 
190 basis points to 5.6% of sales. We now employ nearly 1,300 engineers and engineering associates worldwide. Our 
ad spending increased by 15 million over the year-ago quarter, but on a percentage of sales, advertising was down 40 
basis points at 5.3% of sales. We expect ad spending to increase sequentially by nearly 25 million during the fourth 
quarter, as we are just on the front end of our fourth quarter TV ad campaign. 

Other SG&A increased 70 basis points to 6.6% of sales from 5.9% a year ago, and you would expect that our operating 
expenses will represent approximately 17 to 18% of sales for the full year, but only 16 to 17% for fourth quarter as 
sales peaked during the holidays. 

Moving next to the balance sheet. After distributing nearly 165 million in cash dividends to our shareholders, we ended 
the quarter with a cash and marketable security balance of just over $1 billion. Our accounts receivable remained 


relatively flat at 521 million due to linear shipments during the quarter and accounted for approximately 62 days of 
sales. We've already collected on over 250 million of receivables during the fourth quarter. 

Our inventory dollars were up nearly 200 million from the second quarter and our days of inventory metric increased. 
At the end of Q3, we now hold 99 days of inventory which is up from 67 days in the second quarter, and those dollars 
are made up of the following categories: 152 million in raw materials, which represents 29 days; 67 million in web, 
which represents 13 days; and 300 million in finished goods, which represents 57 days; and we ended the period with 
$18 million in inventory reserves. 

The increase in our raw materials and finished goods was planned as we prepare for a significantly higher sales raise 
during the holiday season, and consistent with past history we would expect our inventory to decrease in dollar terms as 
we exit 2007. As we've stated in the past, and we've continued to experience, our retail channel inventory continues to 
be lean, as sell-through of most of our products remain stronger in third quarter. 

Looking at our cash flow statement, cash flow from operations was 134 million during the third quarter, we did spend 
$17 million of CapEx during Q3, and the free cash flow that we announced during Q3 was $117 million. Cash flow 
from investing was at 48 million, source of cash during Q3 was made up of the 17 million CapEx spend, $15 million on 
acquisitions of business and intangibles, and in net redemption marketable securities of 81 million. Cash flow from 
financing was 146 million use of cash during the period which is made up of 163 million dividends paid, cash 
dividends paid, and 17 million proceeds from options exercise. Overall, we earned an average of 4.7% on all cash and 
marketable securities during the third quarter. 

Finally on the financial section of the presentation, we remain optimistic about the future success for business and 
therefore are increasing our earlier annual outlook for 2007. We now expect total revenue for the year to exceed 2.9 
billion in sales, a 63% growth. Our earlier guidance was 2.8 billion. We now expect earnings per share to grow at least 
45% up to $3.40 per share, our earlier guidance was $3.15. Operating margins have come in at 28% for the year, and 
this represents a 100 basis point improvement from our earlier guidance as we expect higher volumes during Q4. 

CapEx for the full year remains constant at 150 million, our effective tax rate remains unchanged at approximately 
13%; and looking at the segment growth rate, our auto and mobile segment is now expected to grow at least 9% during 
the year 2007. All other business segments sales expectations remain unchanged from earlier guidance. 

Finally, I would like to conclude the presentation today by walking you through some of the highlights of the 
announced acquisition of Tele Atlas this morning. As you saw from the press release this morning, Garmin announced 
its intention to make a cash offer to acquire 100% of the outstanding shares of Tele Atlas for 24.50 cents per share, 
Euro. 

The total equity value of this transaction is approximately €2.3 billion or U.S. $3.3 billion. We believe this offer 
provides increased value to Tele Atlas shareholders as it represents a 15% premium to the current compound offer of 
21, €25 per share. We have been advised on this transaction by Credit Suisse and Wachovia Bank and have secured 
financing commitments in place in addition to over 1 billion of our own cash on hand. 

Looking at Garmin's vision for the digital map for the future is one of the primary reasons for our announcement this 
morning. Garmin's vision for the digital map of future includes expanded coverage and improved map quality and we 
believe that the combination of our two companies will best enable us to be successful in this area. 

We also believe that the expansion of map utility will be realized through improved points of interest, local search, 
pedestrian friendly content, and future 3D mapping. Garmin has attracted a large installed base of users over 25 million 
and we intend to capitalize on this growing community, increase real time contents using Tele Atlas maps supplied 
with Garmin's connective devices as part of the larger mobile device network. 

Some of the benefits of this offer are both seen from the end user and from the Tele Atlas customer perspective and 
these benefits include more realistic representation of surroundings, improved mobile search capabilities including PLI 
and Internet enabled local search, intuitive operation within every segment of the navigation market including in-dash, 
portable, mobile phones and the enterprise. 


Other benefits include real time content including traffic and historical flow data, and increase in the number of future 
applications including new market opportunities, continued connected device innovation and finally a very important 
benefit uniformed and fair access of Tele Atlas content to all customers. 

Finally, we believe that Garmin is the ideal combination with Tele Atlas because of our entrepreneurial culture 
developed while growing into global leaders of navigation technology. Garmin has the financial strength, 
organizational structure to build upon our position as a diversified navigation and communication company. As 
mentioned earlier, we are excited about our vision for maps of the future and our ability to execute on that vision. 
We've acquired many companies within the last few years and have the ability to provide Tele Atlas with the resources 
and support necessary to build on their path of success. Garmin's vertical integration strategy and operational skills by 
proven business model to effectively manage a global organization. Finally, it's our intent to retain all management and 
personnel at Tele Atlas in order to support the expansion of their content offering. 

That concludes our formal presentation at this time. As is customary, we would like to open up the phone lines to those 
of you who are in queue for Q&A. So we'd welcome any questions at this time. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Ron Ronald Epstein with Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Ronald Epstein>: Yes, hi, good morning guys. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Hi. 

<Q - Ronald Epstein>: Just a question on the potential acquisition. Kevin, are you expecting a counter bid? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Are we expecting a counter bid? I think we feel like the offer we made this morning at 24.50 
euros per share is a strong offer. It's an offer we feel that Tele Atlas will strongly consider. We really can't speculate on 
what may happen in the future. But again, given the 15% premium over the existing offer that was out there, we feel 
like it's a compelling offer. 

<Q - Ronald Epstein>: Okay. And then I guess for Cliff, the kind of question I always come back to is, when we think 
about the development of the avionics business, kind of what timeframe could we expect something in a larger business 
jet, something like a CJ1+ or CJ2+ class airplane? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: I think that kind of business takes a while to develop, although we are making gradual steps in 
order to be able to do so. Our work on the Phenom program involves creating some of the elements that are required for 
the larger business jets. So we think it will take quite a few years really to fully develop the capability. 

<Q - Ronald Epstein>: Okay great, thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Evanson of Dougherty & Company. 

<Q - Jeff Evanson>: Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking my questions. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Hi Jeff. 

<Q - Jeff Evanson>: Min, could you talk a little bit about how you might attack the Asian market more broadly? It's 
clearly a big opportunity and growing very quickly for you. 


<A - Min Kao>: Yes, as you said that the Asian market is one of the major emerging markets and we expect that over 
the next 3 to 5 years, countries like China, India and so forth will have significant growth opportunities. A site we have 
recently reorganized and also expanded our marketing and sales organization in our Taiwan base, and also we are 
expanding our R&D resources in Taiwan to step up our localization effort for the Asian market. So in summary, we're 
working hard on both marketing sales and R&D to get ready to participate in these emerging markets. 

<Q - Jeff Evanson>: How important is it for you to own your own mapping and turn by turn database in attacking the 
Asian markets, and how do you feel Tele Atlas' positioning compares with others in the market? 

<A - Min Kao>: I think that mapping, as far as the mapping data is concerned, the suppliers of the mapping data is 
pretty fragmented in the Asian market. We use local suppliers in most other countries, but in Japan there's no what I 
call the clear kind of -- it is unlike North America and Europe. In those two major markets, we could not have a 
duopoly position, but in Asia we don't see that. So at this time it still remains to be seen how the mapping suppliers will 
evolve. 

<Q - Jeff Evanson>: Okay, thank you. I'm curious if – as you thought about how you'd pay for this acquisition and 
potentially if the price went higher, when and under what circumstances would you start to think about your offer 
possibly including equity? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Yes, I think Jeff, you probably are not going to be surprised that we're not going to comment 
on that, another potential financing opportunity. I think the key point here is that we feel like we have the financial 
strength and flexibility to acquire Tele Atlas and that's what we're announcing this morning. 

<Q - Jeff Evanson>: Okay, my last question is I was a bit intrigued to see that you expect minimal costs for winding 
down your relationship with NAVTEQ. Could you communicate, talk a little bit about the timing and processing costs 
related to that? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: From a technical and operational point of view, we've been very adept over the years in using 
maps from various suppliers. So it's not a difficult thing to be able to switch. The timing I think is yet to be determined, 
although we would anticipate over the next 12 to 24 months that we would start to transition some product in some 
markets depending on the situation. 

<Q - Jeff Evanson>: But I thought you possibly had some legal costs related to your contracts there that might be an 
issue? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: I don't think we can really come up with details of that particular relationship other than 
depending on our success with the intent to offer, we will approach those as we go through the process. 

<Q - Jeff Evanson>: Okay, thank you very much. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Noelle Swatland with Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - Noelle Swatland>: Hi guys, congratulation on a good quarter. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Thank you. 

<Q - Noelle Swatland>: Two questions. My first question relates to the announcements of the TA deal. I'm just 
wondering, do you feel – TomTom seems to illustrate or suggest that their strategy is key now to having an integrated 
mapping unit under one umbrella. How do you feel about that yourselves and are there other options, are you pretty 
committed to making sure that you now have an integrated option also? And then I will follow-up with the PND 
question after that. 


<A - Clifton Pemble>: Well Noelle, I think as we mentioned before, 90 days ago that the industry was quite different 
than it is today with two independent suppliers. So given that there's going to be change taking place, we feel like it's 
the right time for us to exercise leadership, and that both is in terms of obviously vertically integrating, but also being 
able to define the maps of the future and lead the way in terms of device innovation, which we think will be good for 
the entire industry. 

<Q - Noelle Swatland>: Okay, great. And are you guys making any comments at all in terms of anticipated dilution? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Well, other than just if the deal, if we go through it would be diluted for the first couple of 
years and we would be accretive by year three. 

<Q - Noelle Swatland>: Okay. And then just Kevin, a question on PND margins this quarter, I think following some of 
the strengths that TomTom had seen in their third quarter, can you just talk through some of the differences in terms of 
the numbers that you saw this quarter and how compared to the last quarter? And I know you had mentioned the greater 
mix of low-end products as well. But from my understanding you had a new pricing strategy in Europe and obviously 

U.S. is very strong and that's a much higher business for you as well? 
<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Are you asking me to compare Q2 to Q3 or... 

<Q - Noelle Swatland>: Yes, yes. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Q2 and Q3 I think we definitely saw overall ASPs come down, we saw prices come down, 
but not as much as maybe earlier suspected. And I think the product mix as I mentioned, selling more at the low-end 
was the key driver in brining PND margins down from the 46 down to the 43% level. 

<Q - Noelle Swatland>: Okay, great. Thanks, guys. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Goldberg with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: Hi, thanks for taking my call. Just real quickly going back to the Tele Atlas question. On 
the accretion dilution, are you assuming – or how much synergies do you have built into that, what kind of synergies 
can we expect? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: We're not really quantifying but just say overall, we're not – because of our comments on 
retaining the management personnel, we're not assuming a major synergy. Most of the dilutive impact is related to the 
amortization of debt and intangible amortization first couple of years. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: Okay. And then on that note, are you comfortable with some of the cultural issues that 
would rise up in the integration process? It seems like Tele Atlas is pretty close to TomTom historically. Are you 
confident you can keep the key personnel at a combined company? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: I think we've also worked with Tele Atlas over the years. In fact, we worked with them initially 
in some of our early PND products and we think the team is very much culturally aligned with us, is an entrepreneurial 
organization, very aggressive. And our goal on this is to be able to engage as a customer with Tele Atlas and retain all 
of the customers of Tele Atlas going forward. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: Okay, and then a question on products. It seems like you guided to about 30% sequential 
growth, and maybe even a little bit less than that for the auto segment. And historically, you've seen higher levels than 
that. Is there something going on? Is there maybe some reason for you being conservative or is there potential for 
upside? 


<A - Kevin Rauckman>: No reason other than our global conservative nature, but I think sequential growth on the 
Auto/Mobile segments actually represents closer to 40% plus growth from Q3 to Q4. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: Okay. Great, thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Yair Reiner with CIBC World Markets. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: Good morning, guys, and congrats also for the great results. First, again on Tele Atlas, it looks like 
you guys were deliberating this move for quite some time. To what extent can you share with us some of the thinking 
that you had about moving ahead and you know why you maybe looked past other options, such as maybe building 
rather than buying a map? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: I think the first comment I will make and maybe Cliff would want to jump in, but our 
consideration of the option to make an offer to acquire is really rather recent given the significant changes that have just 
recently taken place in the industry over the last 90 days. And so given those current moves towards consolidation in 
the sector, we just really believe that now is the right time for us to combine with a mapping supplier, so I would 
categorize it that way. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: And why that rather than kind of take the, however long it took to build your own map. It is really 
a question of kind of lost time? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: I think, it's an exceedingly difficult task to build the maps from scratch, I think it's what we call 
technically possible, and there is certainly new technology that can be brought to bear in doing so, but it's a proposition 
that's got high risk from an execution point of view and a very long time schedule and it is also not, not inexpensive 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: Very good. In terms of your characterization of the product mix, when you talk about one third 
being low end, I mean do you include things like the wide version of the 200 or the pan-European version of the 200, 
would that also go into that low end bucket, of that two thirds? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Yes, the remaining c-series, the nüvi 200 and the nüvi 200 wide, all of those that you 
mentioned, yes, those are low end. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: And then if we look deeper into that bucket, how has the traction been for the, let's say the higher 
end of the lower end, and how is that mix kind of developing into the fourth quarter? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: I think it's continued to be pretty strong, but as we go through a pretty competitive holiday 
season, we're expecting prices to be much lower, and I think the overall environment will be quite aggressive in terms 
of price so that's why given our guidance, we are expecting margins to continue to decline. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: One more question, and I'll get back in the queue. On the Outdoor and Fitness, you had nice 
growth there especially considering the season. To what extent do you think that's a reflection of kind of the new 
product enhancements and to what extent is this really the increased awareness and demand for GPS in general? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: I think certainly there could be some combinations of both of those things although we saw 
strength across the entire breadth of the Outdoor/Fitness line. Of course, the Astro provided new revenue, which we 
didn't have before. Our Fitness line is growing nicely and the Outdoor line benefited from the release of new high 
sensitivity receivers, which was received well by the market. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: Thank you. I'll get back in the queue. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Rath with Canaccord Adams. 

<Q - Jeff Rath>: Good quarter. I was wondering Kevin, if you could give us a little bit of color as it relates to sort of 
pricing differentials that you see in Europe versus North America and this is particularly for the Auto/Mobile segment, 
what are they and with the mix shift, how is that pricing differential changing and maybe even if you can give us some 
color going forward? Thanks. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Yeah, I think there are several points here. I think first of all, the European market 
historically – first of all, it's fragmented as we've talked about many times country-by-country, but in general, we've 
seen about 15% differentials between price historically. We've recently, because of what we have done in the U.S. 
market on price, we've seen that gap shrink and it's much, much lower, the differential between U.S. and Europe. In 
fact, if you just look at both continents growing toward mass market levels, that's likely to continue. So the gap is, I'm 
not saying it's zero, but it's much smaller than it used to be. Going forward, that being said, I think it will be about, I 
think the pricing differential will be very little difference between the two continents. 

Operator 

I'm sorry. Your next question comes from the line of Aaron Husock with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Aaron Husock>: Great, thanks for taking my questions, just a couple of quick ones; I guess first following-on 
with that last question, you've always had higher margins, gross margins on your U.S. PND business probably because 
of that price gap. Are you seeing margin convergence as well in the U.S. versus Europe? And then on the mix, that 
two-thirds of, I guess unit volume being the low-end in Q3, where do you think that goes in Q4? And then I've got one 
more after. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Okay, the first one is, those are the U.S. and Europe fees? 

<Q - Aaron Husock>: Yeah. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: I think margins have come down in both continents and I think going forward we would see 
again just like the pricing compression, or the pricing differential we'll see less difference on the margin as well. And 
then the second question was the mix from two-thirds roughly in Q3. We could be as high as three-fourths or 75% low 
end in the fourth quarter. It's difficult to predict exactly depending on the sell-through, but we went from 50% low-end 
in Q2 to two-thirds in Q3 and I think that's going to continue to grow at the low end just due to price. 

<Q - Aaron Husock>: Okay, great. And then just lastly on component costs, as you realize the full impact of the 
higher NAND flash costs and LCD costs in Q4, do you think your total cost of goods sold per unit in PNDs could 
actually go up sequentially in Q4? 

<A - Min Kao>: Actually, we don't expect that although we have paid premiums to obtain sufficient flash memory and 
a few other components. But overall, we don't see a net increase of our product cost. 

<Q - Aaron Husock>: Great, thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Ben Radinsky with Bear Stearns. 

<Q - Ben Radinsky>: Hi, good morning. First on the Tele Atlas acquisition, NAVTEQ, when you discussed your 
license opportunities with them for the future, did you find them to be a willing partner or was this something that was 


done in a vacuum, the negotiation excluding any potential acquisition of Tele Atlas? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: I think, we have been saying all along that we have longer-term contracts with NAVTEQ and 
that is definitely true. We haven't had a lot of discussions in terms of what things look like beyond the expiration of 
those contracts. 

<Q - Ben Radinsky>: Okay. How do you feel about capacity in the pipe for '08? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: You mean as far our ability to meet demand? 

<Q - Ben Radinsky>: Yeah. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Right, just given our investments recently this past year $100 million of CapEx in the 
Taiwan factories, we feel like we are poised to be able to meet the growing demands for the PND market into 2008. 

<Q - Ben Radinsky>: So you don't expect any major capital expenditures over the next six quarters with that? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: I think major – in terms of a facility purchase, no, but we will continue to expand production 
lines as demand and unit capacity needs are increasing. 

<Q - Ben Radinsky>: Okay, and then the last one for me. If you were just to take your full year guidance for the 
Outdoor business, it implies 15% year-over-year growth in Q4 which is down from 25% in Q3. Can you talk about why 
you have that slowdown in year-over-year growth and especially considering the breadth of product offerings that you 
now have in Outdoor, I would expect it to be seasonally strong with the holiday season? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: I think we see roughly $7 million increase on actual sales. But from – yeah, you are right, 
from a growth rate it's only 15%. I think we have been kind of up and down all year on Outdoor/Fitness. So we're 
remaining to be conservative as we go into the holiday season to see how those units continue to sell-through. 

<Q - Ben Radinsky>: Okay, thanks. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Peter Friedland with Soleil Group. 

<Q - Peter Friedland>: Hey guys. So I guess, first on the Tele Atlas deal, so what's – I guess what's plan B at this 
point if for whatever reason you get outbid? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: I think we're pretty committed to making it work. I think, given our announcement this 
morning and the news, that we have tried to emphasize on our strategy and we think is a very strong, strategic fit. Plan 
B, I don't know that we can comment on speculations or other possible outcomes. We are, again, we are pretty 
committed to acquire and feel like our offer is very strong. 

<Q - Peter Friedland>: Then as far as some of the acquisitions you made in Europe of the distributors, what are you 
seeing as far as impacts on either your sales or your margins? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: I think the two that have closed this year were France and Germany, and we've seen market 
share gains in both of those countries. So it appears that the strategy of acquiring and having a more formidable front to 
the retail channel has been successful. Although we are still not happy with where we stand on market share, we have 
seen increases. The other two that are pending – or actually three that are pending, we have not been able to benefit yet, 
that's Spain, Italy and Denmark, so those are still in due diligence stage. 

<Q - Peter Friedland>: And then on ASP, so what's the best way to think about what you are seeing in this market as 
far as ASP declines and then apples-to-apples price declines on your products? 


<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Are you talking about just for the fourth quarter? 

<Q - Peter Friedland>: Fourth quarter and then going into '08, if you can comment. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: I can't comment probably on '08, but if you look at the full year, just talk to PND, which is 
probably what you are referring to mostly since we don't have nearly as much price decline on the other segments. We 
are looking at an overall ASP decline for the full-year around 30%. Going forward, I think, as we've mentioned, the 
prices will continue to come down, however, probably not at the same level in 2008 as we saw in 2007 on a percentage 
basis, just because of how far they've come down in one year, this year. 

<Q - Peter Friedland>: Great, and thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from David Niederman with Pacific Crest Securities. 

<Q - David Niederman>: Good morning, thanks for taking the call. Just a quick question on the TA deal, so as you 
look at making the deal work, have you modeled out scenarios by which TomTom licenses from NAVTEQ, and if all 
that business does walk away, at what point of the deal will not work for you anymore? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: I can't give a significant amount of detail but we have modeled out various possible outcomes, 
one of which is the one you suggested, and still feel like under nearly any outcome, this is a good deal for us. 

<Q - David Niederman>: Okay, great. And looking at the margin decline this quarter in Marine and Outdoor Mobile, 
can you maybe provide a little color, it is just mix and do you expect to rebound in Q4 or is it beyond that? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: I think it's mix in volume, particularly in the Marine business. We had a significant Q2 season 
and then we did see a small fall off in Q3, and because of the reduced volume in Marine, we nearly always see a drop 
off in operating margin during that period. So Outdoor/Fitness is more product mix and then aviation was fairly stable 
as I mentioned. 

<Q - David Niederman>: Great, thank you. 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Marcel Gantos, Bloomberg. 

<Q>: Yes, good morning. My question is the following: could you explain to me what the strategic rationale is? Why 
do you really need to own your map supplier and are you going to buy other component supplies as well? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: I think maps are, obviously, the key ingredient that makes these devices work and it's a unique 
asset that requires a lot of effort to create. And given the changes in the industry, obviously, we feel a need at this point 
to exercise our obligation to lead and provide a vision as well. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: As far as the purchases of other suppliers, we can't really comment on future activities. It's 
unlikely we would go acquire other major suppliers at this point though. 

<Q>: And could you say something about the finance commitments? Who is the bank providing the commitments at 
this point and what is the exact borrowing need? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: We haven't made that public, other than to say it's a combination of our own cash – we 
mentioned the billion dollars that we have in our own books – and then a combination of term loans financed through 


both Credit Suisse and Wachovia. So we feel like we have very strong secured financing commitments in place and 
ready to move forward on the deal. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Scott Sutherland with Wedbush Morgan Securities. 

<Q - Scott Sutherland>: Great. Thank you, good morning. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Good morning. 

<Q - Scott Sutherland>: First on the Tele Atlas deal, do you think that this was inevitable over the long-term that the 
device manufacturers and the maps would get together or would you, if it stayed stand-alone, would you've ever made 
this move? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Well, again as we mentioned before, we feel up until about 90 days ago, the industry was 
managing under independent suppliers and device providers. Clearly, there is a consolidation underway and we want to 
provide our leadership to that, but we feel like it is a strategic asset that's important to the growth of the category and 
the entire industry. 

<Q - Scott Sutherland>: Okay. A follow-up to a previous question, you said that this year you are looking at a 30% 
decrease in PND or the Auto/Mobile ASPs. Is that due to product mix, and if so, what is it for like products or 
equivalent products? Are you seeing much pricing pressure on the same products? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Well, same products, as you are aware, Scott, this market is changing rapidly and products 
are being phased out and transitioned very quickly. So if you look on a like-for-like product, the price compression or 
erosion is even higher than that. So, we are having a combination of both natural price erosion and then product mix 
from moving from high and mid range down into the low end, especially during the holiday season. 

<Q - Scott Sutherland>: Okay, great, thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Brandon Dobell with William Blair. 

<Q - Brandon Dobell>: Hi, thanks. From a strategic perspective, how will the acquisition change your strategic 
direction or your philosophy around the in-dash market, and also the wireless market relative to your Garmin Mobile 
offering? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: I think that's one of our strategic rationales for this acquisition, as it does allow us to participate 
more broadly in the automotive OEM space as well as in the wireless space as both device providers, as well as content 
providers. 

<Q - Brandon Dobell>: Can we take that to mean that you would – within the wireless space in particular, that you 
would – does it make you more likely to become – I wouldn't call a handset the right word, but something like that? Or 
is there a way to become an in-dash supplier that you think now is a issue because of the transaction? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: I don't know that it becomes any easier just because of a content piece because it really requires 
the whole package, but we recognize it as a way to participate more broadly in those industries. 

<Q - Brandon Dobell>: All right, and then maybe one for Kevin, give your kind of current thoughts on the component 
cost, the near-term look and if there's anything on the horizon that might change your view as far as the let's call it the 
next 12 months' trajectory on some of the key components for you? 


<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Well, I think anybody who sits here and tries to predict 12 months on a component market is 
pretty crazy, but in general to Min's commented earlier, we feel like we've been through a period of time, particularly 
on the Flash where we've paid – seen increased cost. From what we hear in the industry, it's likely we can start to see 
some additional material cost reductions on that particular component, but we are not prepared at this point to say if it's 
5%, 10% or 20%. I think we should see lower comps on the bill of material in general, but that's about all we could say 
at this point. 

<Q - Brandon Dobell>: Okay, and then a final quick one for you, Kevin. In terms of Q3 or Q4, if you could help us 
quantify the impacts from the distributor, acquisitions, operating profit or revenue, would be great. Thanks. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Yes, unfortunately we don't break it down below the segment level. We'll just say that the 
contribution of France and Germany, the two that have closed, have helped us from incremental sales, but we have also 

– if you look at our other SG&A, our advertising and our – and those two lines on the P&L have also added cost to the 
total company as well. So I can't give you any further detail other than that. 
<Q - Brandon Dobell>: Okay, thanks. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jairam Nathan, Banc of America Securities. 

<Q - Jairam Nathan>: Hi, thanks. Can you talk to us about the competitive environment, especially with the wireless 
devices kind of having navigation, how – like are you more worried about more competition coming within the PND 
space or outside of the PND space? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: I think the current situation in the market, definitely major players have been able to make a 
name and build the product category today. I think that inevitably there is going to be some shift in the market as 
in-dash becomes more affordable and as handsets become location enabled and able to run navigation application. So, 
we're well prepared I think in all those fronts by offering devices that can address the OEM market as well as the 
wireless market. And, of course, in light of Tele Atlas, it will also allow us to participate as content provider to those 
areas. 

<Q - Jairam Nathan>: And, just on the European market, given that that's kind of matured a bit, have you – are you 
seeing any replacement demand on the devices, on the PNDs? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: I think we're still seeing a vast majority of the units being sold as far as we can tell as new 
first time users, as the penetration rates in the PND category are still quite small. But without a doubt, we can see, as 
we brought prices down, we have seen some repeat buyers and replacements and we expect that replacement cycle to 
increase as the market matures. 

<Q - Jairam Nathan>: Okay. And, also, if I look at elasticity, price elasticity has been extremely good this year, and 
how are you kind of thinking about that going forward in '08, given that you said you would probably not see as much 
price declines? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: I am sorry, what was the question? 

<Q - Jairam Nathan>: We have seen very good price elasticity in '07 on the PND side 


<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Yes. 

<Q - Jairam Nathan>: And how do you kind of, how do you see that going through in '08, especially considering that 
you'd said you wouldn't see those at 30% price declines? 


<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Well, I think, without a doubt at this point it appears that price decline on a percentage basis 
will be lower than the 30% we've seen this year. And as you've seen, the price elasticity, the U.S. market for example 
going from roughly 3 million units last year to maybe 9 to 10 this year, we see a continued growth not at a 3X rate but 
still at a very rapid rate in 2008, that's prices continuing to come down probably closer to 20% level. 

<Q - Jairam Nathan>: Are you saying pricing will come – 20% is the price decline you are talking about? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: On a year-over-year, yes, every year ASPs. 

<Q - Jairam Nathan>: Okay, all right. Thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jon Braatz with Kansas Capital 

<Q - Jonathan Braatz>: Kevin, in the past you've always said that you'll use the best maps available and obviously 
you've been using NAVTEQ maps and with the potential acquisition of Tele Atlas you will be migrating towards our 
maps. I am not really familiar with Tele Atlas maps vis-à-vis NAVTEQ, but can you talk a little bit about sort of the 
competitive difference in the maps? And as a consumer, will I see any difference in the mapping that I see on a Garmin 
device in the future with a Tele Atlas map versus a NAVTEQ map? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: I'll let Cliff answer that because he is probably more appropriate. 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: I think historically Jon, Tele Atlas was regarded as the strong leader in Europe and NAVTEQ 
was regarded as the leader here in North American area. I think in the recent year or two that difference has been 
narrowed a lot so that the maps offered by the two suppliers are largely similar or comparable to each other. So, going 
forward I wouldn't expect you to notice differences in devices that offer one map versus the other. Although looking 
towards our vision of the future in the long-term, I would expect that we would be able to differentiate the maps and 
provide more value. 

<Q - Jonathan Braatz>: Cliff would you envision moving, I assume you would but moving all your mapping from 
NAVTEQ to Tele Atlas or are there markets or geographical areas where NAVTEQ might just have a little bit of 
advantage? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Yeah, again looking at the primary markets of North America and Europe long-term, we would 
want to move all our maps there. I think other markets as Min pointed out are kind of fragmented in terms of how they 
are served. And we would anticipate using Tele Atlas maps where they are available, but in other cases though, 
sometimes they are not. 

<Q - Jonathan Braatz>: Okay. You do have contractual relationships with NAVTEQ. Would you, assuming this 
acquisition is completed, would you break these contracts prematurely or will you let them expire naturally? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: We can't really comment on that. As we mentioned before, our intention would be to start 
moving certain products in certain markets over the next 12 to 24 months. 

<Q - Jonathan Braatz>: Okay, all right. Thank you very much. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Tsing Tso with All Care Capital. 


<Q>: Hi guys, congratulations. You spoke a little bit about the margin compression in Q4 and you spoke about what 
the operating margin effect is, I guess. Can you tell us a little bit just in terms of gross margin what you are thinking? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: I think if you just extrapolate the numbers down to a 28% operating margin, we're definitely 
looking at – we went from 50% in Q2 to roughly 47% in Q3 and we're down in the low 40s by the end of the fourth 
quarter, throughout the fourth quarter and that's basically implying a mid-30s gross margin on the automobile segment. 

<Q>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Justin Mayo with Credit Suisse. 

<Q>: Hi. Just, you mentioned earlier the transition to Tele Atlas products for the next 12 to 24 months and that there 
will be minimum legal costs to that. I mean is there, is that assuming that there is a provision in the contract that will 
allow you to exit? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Again, we have about multiple kinds of contracts with NAVTEQ and I am not prepared to 
speculate in detail on how those work, but we anticipate an ability to transition certain products and certain markets 
over the next 12 to 24 months. 

<Q>: Okay. And also what really drew you to Tele Atlas over making a counter bid for NAVTEQ? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: I think you look at the – we looked at several strategic alternatives and we evaluated several 
outcomes, and we just felt like Tele Atlas given the potential price we would be able to offer and the multiples that 
were available from a financial perspective, but probably even more so from a strategic perspective made the most 
sense to Garmin. 

<Q>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Drew Vicar with Needham & Company. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Drew? 

<Q>: The 24.50 offer didn't make a lot of sense to me, so. The stock was trading 24 and, so I just want to understand 
whether that was because 24.50 was your best and final offer or why – why choose a bid where the market was trading 
at independent of any of that? Whatever guidance you'd give me there. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Well, I think first of all the market wasn't trading at 24; it was trading down in 25, 22.50 to 
23 in recent days. And secondly, the prior offer that had been on the table was 21.25, and we felt like a 15% premium 
over that number is a very strong offer and a very strong signal to the market that we're interested in acquiring the 
assets. 

<Q>: Kevin, I don't know if it was earlier addressed so I think you don't have to necessarily address it, but I thought 
you had the ability to resolve your mapping needs by not acquiring it. So I don't know if you thought something had 
changed, or if in fact TomTom outbids you, are you ambivalent at some point to whether you can just address your 
needs that way or do you feel like given your product selection, you really need to own the mapping product itself? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Again, we are looking at this from a real strong sense of strategy in going forward. How do 
we want to participate and lead in the market? And we feel like this makes sense in order to play at a broader level and 


be able to provide leadership to the industry. 

<Q>: What is it – what is one thing it gives you so being able to have the data will give you what then, what is the 
difference from where you were? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Well, it gives us the ability to provide a vision for the content that will differentiate devices 
using that content. It will drive device innovation and overall will be beneficial for the industry. 

<Q>: Okay, I appreciate it. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question is a follow-up from Yair Reiner with CIBC World Markets. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: Yeah, thanks guys. Just one follow-up on the PND gross margins, you probably noticed last week 
that TomTom reported results and in general your gross margins have moved more or less in line with TomTom's. This 
quarter, they are almost 600 basis points higher. I mean, it seems to me maybe one reason is maybe some more 
aggressive pricing on your part in Europe, maybe they have moved to lower priced flash. Any thoughts on why the 
differential and how that should actually work in the future? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Yeah, I think there is couple of issues there, a couple of answers. Number one, I think it does 

– it is a product mix issue in terms of our selling more at the low-end and I think TomTom introduced some new 
products that would be characterized as not low-end that they were able to benefit from. I think if you look at just a 
comparison on the geographic mix of products, they would likely have benefited more from the Euro strength versus 
the U.S. and we just recently started to invoice some of our European dealers and distributors with Euros, that's not at 
the same level as our competitors. So, I think those were two main differences probably. 
<Q - Yair Reiner>: Thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jim Duffy with Thomas Weisel. 

<Q>: Hi, this is actually Christian in for Jim. I had a question on European market share. I am wondering if you could 
give us some guidance if you are on track to hit that 20% target for year-end? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Well, it appears by, just from the independent market research that has been published that 
we are selling at least 20% market share in Europe right now. 

<Q>: Okay, that's great. And then in terms of, I guess if I can ask this the awkward way. What inning are you guys in 
terms of the integration of your distributors that you repurchased and where do you see sort of the most traction so far? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: As I mentioned on an earlier question, I think, we've seen traction for both the French and 
the German distributors. And it feels like much further along, probably at France because we acquired it January of this 
year and we are just in month four now of owning our German distributor, but we've made pretty rapid progress in 
both. 

<Q>: Thanks a lot. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Bond with Millennium Partners. 

<Q>: Hi, given that when Nokia made the merger announcement to buy NAVTEQ that they said that they were 
committed to maintaining commercial relationships with all the existing customers. What is it about that that wouldn't 
be palatable going forward, is it just the development pipeline issue of having to share that with a competitor? Or what 
is it about that that wouldn't be palatable? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: I think there has been a lot written about the various scenarios and where sensitivities may 
lie. So, I don't know that we need to comment any further on those. Again, we're looking at this strategically now from 
the desire to serve more broadly in the industry. 

<Q>: Okay, and I guess just a quick follow-up, was there any possibility of trying to break either deal through the 
antitrust review processes to try to point out some of the competitive issue that might arise from – from the vertical? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: I think we contribute or we cooperated with the antitrust authorities that were evaluating 
those other deals, and I probably don't want to comment on the strength of whether those are going to be successful or 
not. 

<Q>: Okay. And I guess finally if you are successful in buying Tele Atlas, are there commitments that you would make 
as far as maintaining open standards or working with any of the existing customers? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: I think we've stated really clearly in our materials and all of our communication today that it's 
our intent to operate Tele Atlas as a independent subsidiary where Garmin engages as a customer and where Tele Atlas 
is the voice of all customers of Tele Atlas data. So, we anticipate that the data will be freely accessible to any player, 
without any prejudice. 

<Q>: Thank you very much. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Richard Edward with EXANE. 

<Q>: Hello, I just want to pick up on that last point you made about the non-discriminatory terms to all Tele Atlas 
customers. I mean, in fact, TomTom have said exactly the same thing, Nokia have said exactly the same thing about 
NAVTEQ when, if and when they are in that. So, what is it about the – about what they promised that you think sounds 
hollow and would therefore potentially threaten you going forward and indeed is it fair to conclude then that you would 
be significantly, strategically kind of hampered or impaired, if you don't own Tele Atlas? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Well, everyone involved in these transactions so far is committed to those open access, which 
they have all made public statements and we've as well. I think again what we are focusing on is what's the rationale 
and the strategy going forward and again our mindset is really to be able to provide leadership to the market and 
provide maps that differentiate. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Hello? 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Maha Mohtra with JPMorgan. 

<Q>: Hello. 


<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Hello. 

<Q>: Yes hello, my question is you have made a comment on the timing of the deal, you had said that you will make 
the offer as soon as practically possible and before the 4th of December, which is when the tender offer expires from 
TomTom. Is there any further clarity you can give us on the timing? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Well, I think we have made introductory connections with the Tele Atlas management team 
this morning and under Dutch law, we are required to have meetings with them within the first 7 days, and it is our 
intention that we would come up with a formal offer on or around November 22 I believe. So, within about three weeks 
from today. 

<Q>: All right, just one more question. It was reported in the press that you have been buying Garmin shares; you have 
been buying Tele Atlas shares. Is there anything you can tell us about the equity stake that you currently have in Tele 
Atlas? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Yes, we have acquired and built a stake, and also – we will also be disclosing what that 
amount is, but we will have reached at least a 5% threshold. We can't comment any more about what specific 
ownership position is, but our disclosure is in process right now. 

<Q>: Has that stake building been after your announcement or has it been done in the days preceding? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Prior to announcement. 

<Q>: All right. Thank you very much. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question is a follow-up from Jeff Rath, Canaccord Adams. 

<Q - Jeff Rath>: Thanks guys; you are being generous with your time here. Just a market share question, if you will. 
As this market – as you are attempting to establish better market share in the U.S., I wonder if you could give us some 
color on your expectations for market share in the U.S. for the fourth quarter and the outlook, if you will, at all in your 
trade-off market share for margins, say in 2008? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: I think just going into the fourth quarter, we've seen – been able to retain at least a 50% 
market share consistently throughout the year. As we go into, again the high volume fourth quarter we would expect to 
be able to get hold that type of position. Again, it's during a period where the U.S. market is growing 3X 
year-over-year. So, that would be a significant accomplishment if we are able to achieve that. Going into 2008, I think 
it's too premature at this point for us to comment on what our market share will be as we enter or exit 2008. 

<Q - Jeff Rath>: Thank you very much. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Tony Reneir with Fox. 

<Q>: Hey guys, firstly, congrats on the quarter and thanks for taking so much time on the call. You've kind of stated 
that given the way the state of world has changed in the last several weeks; it's kind of forced to hand a little bit, and 
also noted the importance as far as mapping. So, maybe a quick comment on the state of the world if there is any other 
players or how this can possibly change, I mean it's, you've kind of painted it as a two picture game and kind of forced 
their hand, so...any other options, if this doesn't work? 


<A - Clifton Pemble>: Yeah, again, yeah, we are looking at this from a long-term strategy point of view, and how we 
can provide leadership to the market. I think clearly we've evaluated lots of different scenarios and options and I am not 
really able to comment on all those. But we feel confident in our ability to be a leader going forward in this market. 

<Q>: And so, are there – people out there and there has been certainly names, after you know last several weeks, who 
might come up or the next potential player in mapping technology or mapping locations? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: I don't think we see any compelling solution at this point that – this is a strong alternative 
other than the, those are the ones, the ones that are already there. 

<Q>: So, then my apologies just comes out – as it may sound do – you kind of feel your back into a corner a little bit or 
kind of hand is forced? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Well clearly we have said that the industry has gone through a lot of transformation in the last 
90 days. So, our move today reflects some of the rapid changes that are going on. But again our clear focus in going 
forward is to lead the industry and provide a vision that will drive innovation. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from Jay Dupree with Dupree Capital. 

<Q>: Yes. Hi, thanks for taking the call. I have a couple of questions on the – other than the timing of the merger, 
clearly Tele Atlas is trading at a much higher price rate now than what you bid. And so, the market suggests that you've 
got to pay more there is going to be a bidding more. I'm confused how you can call this leadership when you are 
basically the third one in on buying a mapping company after the tables already been set. So, could you please explain 
how this exemplifies leadership? 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Well, again, we made comments earlier that the duopoly that was in existence before is one 
that's worked reasonably well for the market, but we do recognize opportunities to do better in terms of contest, 
coverage quality, features, all of those things. So, we feel like now is the right time to jump into that and provide that 
leadership. 

<Q>: But well, how is this not exemplifying leadership when arguably TomTom exemplified better leadership by 
making the bid for Tele Atlas many months ago at a much lower price, when you could have done that, and you could 
have bought NAVTEQ which is your main map supplier, and you have no relationships with Tele Atlas. I'm just 
completely confused as an investor why this is in the best interest of Garmin's shareholders, why it's a part of your 
overall business strategy and model, particularly after buying – I don't know how many distributors in Europe? I'm just 
at a lost to understand how this is a smart move on your part, could you just please – get rid of the canned lines that you 
are using about leadership and just what made you have to do this now? Clearly you are showing some kind of fear out 
there about the change in the space, I mean is it because there is a movement to navigation devices or using cell phones 
for navigating devices, is it something about the mapping software that's making you do this that where you recognize 
that your overall business model and manufacturing PND is just not the future, could you please just elucidate us a little 
bit, explain this, it's just very confusing. 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: I think you can call it fear, or you can call it preparing for the future and for us we're viewing it 
as a transition to the future. 

<Q>: That's the best you can give me? I mean, it really is kind of like a day late and $1 short here, though it's going to 
end up being $1 more if you continue to – if this turns into a bidding war. 

<A - Clifton Pemble>: Well, we think we've offered an attractive offer to Tele Atlas shareholders, which recognizes 
the value of the content and we think our offer speaks for itself. 

<Q>: Okay and could I just ask a quick question on pricing for the – for Q4. I understand there's going to be some 
aggressive pricing from some of your competitors, are you planning to meet them head on, say for example if nüvi has 


a $99 PND, are you going to meet them head on? I mean you have built up a lot of inventory, so I'm expecting you're 
anticipating some aggressive action. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman>: Yeah, we built our inventory as is typical of this time of season and we've already made 
some pricing announcements and we will have depending on the different products as we go through the fourth quarter 
we will have some additional price reductions as we enter the Black Friday. But as far as to whether we are going to 
have a $99 product, we can't really announce that, if we have made – already made an announcement on specific 
product, other than to say prices are coming down in general. 

Operator 

We have no further questions at this time. 

Paulette M. Schwerdt, Manager of Investor Relations 

I think we would like to go ahead and close the call then and thank you everyone for your participation and do feel free 
to give us a call if you have additional questions and we will look forward to updating you again with fourth quarter. 

Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Thanks a lot, good bye 

Operator 

This concludes today's Q3 conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


