Q3 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Debra Pollard, Moderator 
• Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer 
• Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer 
• Clifton Powell 
• Cliff Pemble 
Other Participants 

• Vivek Arya 
• John Bright 
• Rich Valera 
• Amir Rozwadowski 
• Thomas Lee 
• Ilya Grozovsky 
• Scott Sutherland 
• Jonathan Goldberg 
• Yair Reiner 
• Benjamin Bollin 
• James Faucette 
• Justin Patterson 
• Mark Sue 
• Jeff Evanson 
• J.B. Groh 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning and welcome to today's webcast. This event will be recorded for future playback. There will be a verbal Q&A session at the end of today's presentation. The operator will instruct you on how to ask a live question at that 
time. 

To go to full screen view, press the enlarge slides button on your console. To go back to normal view, simply exit out 
of that window. If technical support is needed, press the help button on your console. We will pause for just a moment 
to initiate the recording. Ladies and gentlemen, please stand by. 

Welcome to the Q3 2009 earnings call. At this time, I would like to turn the event over to Debbie Pollard. Debbie, you 
may begin. 

Debra Pollard, Moderator 

Thanks, Beth. Good morning. We would like to welcome you to the Garmin Limited Third Quarter 2009 Earnings Call. 
Please note that a copy of a press release concerning this earnings call is available at Garmin's Investor Relations site 


on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. 

Additionally, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet. Please note this webcast does include slides, which can be 
viewed during the call. An archive of the webcast will be available until December 9, 2009. A telephone recording will 
be available two business days following this call and a transcript of the call will be available on the website within 48 
hours under the events calendar tab. 

In addition, this quarter we will be tweeting throughout the call. You can follow our tweet cast at 
twitter.com/garmin.stock. 

This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its 
businesses. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market share, product 
introduction, future demand for our products, and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking 
events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur and actual results may differ materially as a 
result of risk factors affecting Garmin. 

Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2008, 
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Attending today's call on behalf of Garmin Limited are Dr. Min 
Kao, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer; Kevin Rauckman, 
Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; and Andrew Etkind, General Counsel. The presenters for this morning's call are 
Cliff Pemble and Kevin Rauckman. 

At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble. 

Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer 

Good morning. As you've read from our press release this morning, Garmin announced solid third quarter results that 
included year-over-year EPS growth driven by strong margins. During Q3, we experienced sequential revenue growth 
of 17% driven by growth in the automotive, mobile, and outdoor fitness segments. 

We also delivered another quarter of strong growth in operating margins of 52% and 30% respectively. EPS was $1.02 
excluding the effects of foreign currency, which is a 17% increase over third quarter of 2008. And we generated $281 
million of free cash flow resulting in a balance of over $1.8 billion of cash and marketable securities. 

From a business perspective, we continue to lead in worldwide PND market share, as our North American market share 
grew to 60% from 57% in the second quarter, and 54% in Q3 of 2008. We delivered 3.9 million units during the 
quarter, which is basically flat compared to prior year levels. And we announced our nüvi 1690, Garmin's first online 
PND that connects our PND customers with the power of the Internet. I will share more details about this product in a 
moment. 

Reviewing our Auto/Mobile segment, our revenue declined 13% versus the third quarter of 2008, but increased 25% 
sequentially. The average selling price increased from the second quarter by 19%, as our new products constituted a 
greater part of our sales mix. The outdoor fitness segment resumed growth, posting an 11% year-over-year increase. 
The segment posted record revenues of $132 million, with strong margins as we delivered a number of new products. 

Revenues from our aviation segment declined 29% versus last year, as the industry continues to struggle from the 
effects of the economic crisis. And finally, revenues from the marine segment increased 3%, as demand for our 
products and promotional activities at retailers offset the ongoing weakness in the market. 

I'm sure some of you are wondering about our current views on the economy, as we approach the end of 2009. We 
continue to see signs of stabilization based on the positive indicators we have highlighted in our consumer market 
segments. We saw PND unit growth on a year-over-year basis in both the North American and Asian markets. 

In addition to much improved trends in Europe, this, along with improving ASPs and margins on a sequential basis, led 
to strong operating income growth for the Auto/Mobile segment. We expect to see our unit shipments increase 40 to 


50% sequentially during Q4, but also anticipate pricing and margin to be in line with 2008 levels. 

As for the other segments, we expect the outdoor fitness segment to be flat year-over-year, the aviation segment will 
experience ongoing weakness, as recovery of this industry lags that of the general economy. But we expect to see 
stabilization trends during Q4 of this year. 

In Marine, we expect Q4 revenues to be down sequentially due to seasonality. As we have mentioned in the past, we 
are focused on our long-term strategies and are confident we are headed in the right direction, as the overall economy 
emerges from one of the worst downturns in history. We are confident that our investments in research and 
development and our introduction of new products will lead to increased market share and growth as our markets and 
the overall economy enter the recovery phase. 

Next, I would like to highlight some recent product introductions starting with the nüvi 1690. This product is Garmin's 
first PND that provides on the go access to powerful Internet based features through our nüLink! online services. 

nüLink! provides a range of rich, dynamic content such as local search powered by Google, nationwide white page 
listings, realtime traffic, weather, current fuel prices, flight status, and much more. 

The 1690 monitors the movement of the vehicle over the road network, and sends that information back to our servers 
where it is used to enhance the realtime traffic information for millions of our users. The 1690 features Ciao! our patent 
pending social network application that aggregates information from third party social networks into a common user 
experience on the PND, allowing users to share location-based information with their friends. 

The 1690 also includes advanced features such as lane assist, ecoRoute, Bluetooth hands free capability. The 1690 is 
the first online PND to bundle a significant periods of services with the device. The U.S. version includes two years of 
connected service, and costs just $5 per month after that. I would like to mention that Garmin was recently named the 
top GPS device in a recent survey conducted by PC Magazine. We're always pleased when customers respond 
favorably to our products and this survey affirms our leadership in the industry. 

Turning next to the Fitness market, we recently introduced a new cycling computer, the Edge 500. This product weighs 
only two ounces and includes a high sensitivity GPS receiver for tracking location-based performance metrics, and an 
ANT+ wireless receiver for compatibility with Garmin heart rate monitors and third party bike power meters. 

The Edge 500 will track all of the metrics important to cyclists such as speed, distance, time, GPS position, elevation, 
calories burned, altitude, climb, and descent. This information can then be downloaded to Garmin connect, our 
Internet-based fitness portal for analysis, charting and sharing. 

The Edge 500 is a full-featured cycling computer value priced between 249 and $349, depending on the configuration. 
To support our increasing presence in the overall fitness market, we recently extended our title sponsorship with Team 
Garmin Slipstream through the year 2013 which demonstrates our solid commitment to this important market segment. 

In the marine market, we recently introduced our new planning software application called HomePort. This application 
is compatible with Garmin's blue chart data and allows the Mariner to plan voyages, transfer trip data, routes, tracks 
and waypoints between the PC and Garmin chart monitors. 

Recently, we announced that Regal boats selected Garmin to be the exclusive electronics provider for their 2010 line of 
luxury performance run-abouts, cruisers, and sport yachts. Regal will offer a range of products, including our advanced 
touch screen chart plotters, high definition radars, VHF radios and XM satellite radar. 

In addition, Regal will be among the first OEM's to offer factory installation of Garmin's GHP10V Marine auto pilot 
for use with the Volvo IPS propulsion system. This offers Regal's customers one of the most advanced auto pilot 
systems available on the market today. 

Turning next to Aviation, Garmin introduced two exciting integrated cockpit systems at the recent national business 
aircraft association convention. The first system is our G3000 which is the first ever touch screen control integrated 
flight deck for light turbine aircraft. 


The G3000 incorporates multiple 14.1-inch, wide screen displays, which present primary flight information, and 
provide multi-function display capabilities. These displays offer our Advanced Synthetic Vision Technology giving 
pilots a realistic view of terrain and obstacles around the aircraft, regardless of weather conditions. 

In addition, these displays provide access to detailed maps, charts, terrain avoidance, flight planning, and realtime 
weather. A major component of the G3000 system is the new GTC 570 vehicle management system. This device 
incorporates our patent-pending infrared technology, with an intuitive icon based user interface which will help reduce 
pilot workload. 

The G3000 is a compelling next generation integrated cockpit system and has already been selected as the avionics 
platform for the Honda jet and the piper jet. We also announced the retrofit G1000 system for the citation jet which we 
anticipate will be available by mid 2010. This certification will provide early model CitationJet owners access to the 
latest integrated cockpit technology bringing enhanced safety, features and functionality to the cockpit. The G1000 for 
CitationJet will include our advanced digital autopilot, synthetic vision, wide area augmentation system approaches, 
integrated satellite weather and Garmin SafeTaxi flight chart databases. 

And finally, earlier in the week we announced a new aera series of aviation portable products, which are multimode 
touch screen navigators that offer both automotive and aviation features. The four models of the aera range from the 
entry level to the mid level offerings that will be suitable for a variety of pilots. Just a few of the many features include 
terrain and obstacle data, XM Weather, SafeTaxi and airport directories. The aera is also a full function automotive 
navigator offering advanced features like Bluetooth hands-free capability and lane assist with junction views. 

I'd like to provide an update on the launch of our nüvifone. As announced in late September, we launched the G60 in 
the U.S. on the AT&T network. This represented a significant step forward in our smartphone strategy as we were able 
to deliver a unique product that garnered tier one carrier support. The G60 was subsequently launched in Switzerland as 
a subsidized device through the carrier Sunrise and in France, the G60 launched as an unlocked device. 

The G60 is also selling in various markets throughout Asia. The Windows Mobile M20 launched in numerous Asian 
markets through both carriers and the retail channel. Some of you are wondering about the sell-through of the G60 at 
AT&T. To be frank, the initial rollout of the G60 has been relatively slow. However, there are several actions that we 
are taking to improve the overall sell-through. 

First, we recently launched a large scale nüvifone TV ad campaign, which we view as critical to establishing Garmin as 
a wireless brand, and to educate customers about the benefits of navigation included products. Second, the G60 product 
will continue to expand distribution through Q4, as it becomes stocked in more and more stores around the country. 
And finally, just this week, AT&T announced new pricing for the G60, which is now available for $199, through 
AT&T channels. Looking to the future, we will continue development of a full family of location centric smartphones, 
which will include an Android device in 2010. 

I'd like to comment on recent developments in the mobile application space. Some of you are wondering how these 
developments will affect the PND market going forward. While these developments are interesting, we don't believe 
they will impact the market for PNDs any time soon. Regarding the availability of free navigation, I'd like to highlight 
a few key points. 

First of all, free navigation still requires the purchase of a premium device and a service plan from the carrier. With this 
in mind, navigation included, rather than free, seems to be more accurate way to describe the navigation offering, 
which is how a customer would likely view the bundling of navigation with the device. Navigation has been included in 
smartphone devices for some time now through various carriers, and on various devices around the world. Most 
smartphones rely on off-board maps which require network access and a premium data plan in order to access 
navigation functions. Navigation will not be available to users who move outside of coverage areas, or if they don't 
wish to pay for a premium plan. 

And finally, device limitations are still a major factor when using smartphones for navigation. GPS performance, 
display size and readability, useability in the vehicle, power requirements for the device and environmental limitations 
such as overheating are all factors that limit the useability of most smartphones in the Auto/Mobile. Garmin's PND and 


nüvifone offer the best navigation experience without the limitations common to most smartphone platforms. 

And finally, I'd like to comment on the availability of free maps. Recently, one particular provider announced that 
they're using their own maps to power their search, mapping, and navigation applications. While this is an interesting 
development, we would like to point out that maps of various quality levels and prices from free to premium have been 
available for quite some time. 

As the world leader in the market for navigation devices, we recognize that drivers depend on quality mapping data for 
accuracy, safety and efficiency when getting from point A to point B. Quality maps require significant effort to create 
and must include important attributes such as turn restrictions the can only be collected through on the ground survey 
and detailed review. While there is more than one source of free maps available today some free maps can result in a 
dead end for the customer. 

At this time, Kevin will walk us through our Q3 financial results in more detail. 

Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to walk through typicals of the income statement, some revenue 
details, looking at margins for the quarter and taking a brief look at the balance sheet and the cash flow. So first on the 
income statement, you can see that for the third quarter we posted revenue of 781 million, net income of 215 million, so 
our pro forma EPS came in at $1.02 per share, excluding foreign currency. 

The revenue grew 17% sequentially during the third quarter. Year-over-year we experienced a 10% top line decline, 
but a 17% pro forma EPS increase when excluding FX due to strong margins across the business. 

Our effective tax rate during the third quarter was 16.2%. Gross margins exceeded expectations at 52.4%, which was a 
810 basis point improvement, over the prior year, as margins improved significantly in our Auto/Mobile segment. Our 
operating income grew 11% to 237 million, compared to 214 million, in 2008. 

We posted operating margin of 30.3%, which was up from 24.6% last year, as revenues fell. However, the gross margin 
was favorable, 810 basis points. Advertising was 10 basis points unfavorable, which was down 5 million on a 
year-over-year basis. Our other SG&A, 130 basis points unfavorable, up $3 million on a year-over-year basis. And our 
R&D was 100 basis points unfavorable, up $3 million on a year-over-year basis. So the pro forma EPS of $1.02 was 
17% increase, as I said, year-over-year. 

However, increased $0.19 sequentially on the strength of both sales and margin during the period. Units shipped were 
up slightly year-over-year, as 3.9 million units were delivered during the quarter. The increase was driven by Outdoor 
Fitness gains offset by small declines in Auto/Mobile and Aviation. 

The total company average selling price was $202 per unit, down 11%, from 2008. However, up 12% from $180 
sequentially. 

Net income excluding FX, as we typically show the non-GAAP measures that we recorded represent net income per 
share excluding the effect of foreign currency, and the 2008 gain on the sale of Tele Atlas equities. This impact was 
$0.05 per share favorable during the third quarter of 2009 and $0.05 per share unfavorable for Q3, 2008. 

During Q3, we experienced a 13% revenue decline within the Auto/Mobile segment while the unit volumes declined 
2% in the segment. Our Outdoor Fitness segment revenues grew 11%, compared to Q3 2008, with the delivery of a 
number of new products to the retail channel. Our aviation segment revenue declined 29% during the quarter, 
consistent with the year to date performance in this segment. 

Marine segment revenues increased 3% compared to Q3 of '08, as we continued to take market share in this category. 
So in total, our revenues fell 10% during the third quarter, as we continued to battle against weak consumer 
discretionary spending, but this is significantly improved over the 27% decline of the second quarter of this year. 


Looking next at revenue by the geography, different geographies, during the third quarter, North American revenues 
declined 14%, while our European business decreased 4%, as we began to see significant improvement in Europe, and 
sequential growth outpaced North America. 

Our Asia Pacific region, sales grew 8% during the period. We experienced a 2% unit decline from our PND products 
with North America and Asia growing, offset by single digit declines in Europe. 

So the Auto/Mobile segment represented 70% of our total business during the third quarter of 2009, down from 72% in 
2008. Outdoor Fitness grew to 17% of revenues in the quarter, a three percentage point increase from 2008. Revenues 
in North America were 64% of total, a three percentage point decrease over 2008 levels, as Europe posted stronger 
results than North America during the quarter. 

Moving next to margins, Q3, our Auto/Mobile gross margin and operating margin were 48% and 29%, respectively. 
This represents improvements sequentially and year-over-year as pricing improved quarter-to-quarter, and we also 
experienced material cost reductions and benefits from foreign currency fluctuations. 

The third quarter Outdoor Fitness gross margin was 63%, flat to last year, as price and material costs in the category 
were relatively stable. Operating margins fell to 40% in the third quarter, from 44% in the year-ago quarter. This 
decrease was driven by increased SG&A costs within the segment. 

Q3 aviation gross margin was 67%, up 2% from the prior year, and down 7% sequentially, due to product mix. 
Operating margins were 20% for the quarter, which is a significant decline sequentially, and from the prior year, due to 
both lower revenues and increased SG&A costs. 

And finally, the third quarter marine gross margin was 54%, compared to 49% in the year-ago quarter, as product mix 
improved toward our high end network solutions. Operating margin was 26%, an improvement of 200 basis points 
from the year-ago quarter, but down 1,000 basis points sequentially driven by the lower seasonal revenue level. 

Looking next at operating expenses, our third quarter operating expenses were up $2 million, on a year-over-year basis, 
from 171 million in the third quarter of '08, to 173 million in the third quarter of 2009, an increased 260 basis points as 
a percentage of sales, due to expense growth and revenue declines. 

R&D increased $3 million year-over-year and was up 100 basis points to 7.1% of sales. We now employ over 1900 
engineers and engineering associates worldwide and remain committed to continued product innovation. Our total head 
count now stands at almost 8,600 associates worldwide. 

Ad spending decreased 5 million over the year-ago quarter, but increased 10 basis points as a percentage of sales, from 

5.8 to 5.9%. We will continue to manage advertising expense, based on the macro economic conditions, but we will see 
significant sequential increases this fourth quarter, with the nüvifone ad launch and holiday advertising. 
Other SG&A increased $4 million compared to the year-ago quarter and 130 basis points, up to 9.1% of sales from 
7.8% a year ago, as expenses increased while our sales declined. We expect these costs to decline in the fourth quarter, 
as third quarter did include some one-time accruals. 

Moving next to the balance sheet, you can see that we ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of over 
$1.8 billion, our accounts receivable increased on a sequential basis to 574 million, as we saw sales increase 17% 
sequentially. Our accounts receivable accounted for approximately 71 days of sales, up slightly from 68 days, in the 
third quarter of 2008. 

Inventory balances increased $50 million, to $373 million, as we prepared for the seasonally strong quarter. Our days 
of inventory metrics decreased from 91 days at the end of the third quarter of '08, to 81 days at the end of the third 
quarter of '09, driven by finished goods reductions. The days and levels of inventories are as follows. 107 million held 
in raw materials which represented 22 days of inventory. 40 million of inventory in whip and assembly at 9 days. 245 
million in finished goods inventory, which represents 50 days. And we held 19 million in inventory reserves at the end 
of the third quarter. 


We will continue to manage the supply chain appropriately given seasonal and cyclical conditions, facing our various 
segments. It is still our goal to have adequate inventory to support customer needs, but we intend to carry the right level 
and mix of inventory to minimize risk of obsolescence. Important to note is we did not see additional destocking in the 
quarter and sell-in of inventory appeared to trend with sell-through. We continue to believe that our retailers will hold 
inventories at these relatively low levels for the foreseeable future. 

Next, to cash flow, strong cash flow performance, first cash flow from operations of 293 million during the third 
quarter. We spent CapEx of 12 million during the period so therefore our free cash flow during Q3 was 281 million. 
Cash flow from investing was 258 million use of cash, which represents the 12 million CapEx, 242 million net 
purchase of marketable securities, and 4 million acquisition of intangibles. Cash flow from financing provided 2 
million of cash during the quarter, due primarily to the issuance of stock options. And we earned an average of 1.5% on 
all cash and marketable security balances during the third quarter. 

And finally, due to our strong cash flow from operations during the first half of 2009, the Board of Directors has 
approved the 2009 annual dividend of $0.75 per share to be paid in December. This represents an approximate 150 
million use of cash during the third quarter. We will continue to evaluate a number of acquisition opportunities as a 
possible use of cash. And finally, our tax rate for the quarter as I mentioned earlier was 16.2%. We currently expect 
that the rate for the entire year of 2009 will come in at approximately 18%. 

That ends my formal comments for the day. At this point, we would like to open it up for questions to our investor 
community. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Richard John. Richard, your line is open. Your next 
question comes from the line of Vivek Arya. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Thanks, good morning. Cliff, the disadvantages that you mentioned on the free map option, how 
difficult do you think it's for Google or others to overcome those disadvantages? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Well, I think their model is off-board navigation, 
which has all the disadvantages that I mentioned to you. There is really no way to overcome those, unless you want to 
load the maps on to the device. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: But aren't they offering some caching of that map content, also? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Well, there is some limited amount of caching. But 
again, I don't think that covers every user in every situation. I think when you really need navigation, you really need it. 
And if it's not available to you, it's a disappointment. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Okay. Next, what's your strategy for growing the top line in 2010? If you assume that the macro 
conditions sort of stay the way they are today, so they don't worsen but they don't really improve that meaningfully. Do 
you think in that kind a macro environment you can grow top line next year? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: At this point we expect, given the strength of PND, we don't 
believe that the PND market is dead. I think some people disagree with that. But we still feel like there is growth once 
the economy turns around a little bit more, we with see some positive trends now. So we'll have at least flat to possible 
growth in the Auto/Mobile segment with the PND combined with nüvifone. And the Outdoor Fitness market continues 
to perform very well. We expect growth there. Marine, I think continues to be weak. We don't see any major trends that 
will turn it around in 2010 at this point. But aviation, we would expect at some point and hopefully in the near future 
that production levels will increase and we can see some top line growth out off our aviation segment. 


<Q - Vivek Arya>: Got it. And just lastly, Kevin, do you expect Q4 EPS to be up or down sequentially? And then 
same question, just roughly for 2010, do you expect EPS to be up, down, flat, versus 2009? Thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: We're not giving any formal guidance for the fourth quarter, so we 
really can't comment on up or down on EPS. I think you heard Cliff's comments about sequential growth on our PND 
market, about 40 to 50% up from Q3 to Q4. However, we do expect pricing to come down in the fourth quarter which 
is very typical during the holiday season. 2010, we'll just have to wait to give further guidance or at least basic 
information on that as we go through the end of the fourth quarter and into 2010. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of John Bright [Avondale Partners]. 

<Q - John Bright>: Thank you. Kevin, on the nüvifone, the first introduction, the G60, what have you learned at this 
short point in time, number one? And then number two, you talked about an Android phone in 2010. I think the rumors 
out before talking about something maybe in February. Is that still the thought process and the time line? And then 
lastly, for Cliff, as far as a Garmin navigation application, has there been any change in the strategic thought associated 
with that, at Garmin? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Not necessary. I'll go ahead and address your 
questions, John. I think in terms of what we learned on nüvifone, definitely going from kind of a startup mentality to 
introducing a wireless device at a major U.S. carrier was a huge accomplishment. So we learned a lot out of that 
process. We think we know a lot better now in terms of what it takes to certify on a really challenging network. In 
terms of Android, we don't – we're not publishing a timeline on that. At this moment, we believe it will be sometime 
during 2010, as we mentioned. And then in terms of the applications, we really haven't changed our view on that. We're 
still focused on the nüvifone platform going forward as our strategy. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Rich Valera [Needham & Company]. 

<Q - Rich Valera>: Thank you. With respect to the new nüvifone pricing, can you comment if you still expect similar 
margins that you've talked about before, sort of the mid-30s type of gross margins on that, or who has absorbed that 
price cut? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: Well, I think in general, we would expect margins below that. I 
think in the mid-20s where we had started. And I think with the price drop, we won't get specific details on who is 
paying for that, but I think you would expect in the near term, on the G60 that margins would be below what we earlier 
stated. Keep in mind that. 

<A - Debra Pollard, Moderator>: Operator, can you mute that line, please? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: We had some disturbance there. As I was saying, I would expect 
that margins will not be impacted significantly in the fourth quarter due to the fact that it is a relatively small 
percentage of our revenue mix in the fourth quarter from the nüvifone. 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Operator, do we have any further questions? 

<A - Debra Pollard, Moderator>: Operator, do we have additional questions? 

Operator 

It looks like there are no additional questions at this time. 


<A - Debra Pollard, Moderator>: We had Amir next in the queue, I believe. Is Amir [Amir Rozwadowski, Barclays] 
still online? 

Operator 

Amir, your line is open. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: The guidance for... 

<A - Clifton Powell>: Go ahead. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: Hello? 

<A - Debra Pollard, Moderator>: Yes, is this Amir. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: Yes, yes pardon. 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Go ahead. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: If we take a look at the unit guidance for Q4, on the 40 to 50% growth, it seems as though 
comparatively to prior years, it's not as steep a sequential increase, as we've seen in prior years in terms of units, and 
given the what seems to be strong unit performance in Q3, I was wondering if you could reconcile that in terms of 
what's happening in the end market at the moment? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: I think a few comments. The market today of course 
is more mature than it was back when we saw those dramatic Q4 kind of increases. So I think it is a little bit different 
market psychology right now, and we still believe that we'll have strong sell-in and sell-through during Q4. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: I think the other point is the North American market, is we still do 
see strong sell through on a year-to-date basis, we're still up year-over-year, on the number of units that we sold into the 
channel, but also sell-through is tracking very similar, as I said in my formal comments. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: Okay. But we shouldn't interpret that as there is any reduction in the channel inventory or 
anything along those lines? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: I think retailers are still not as aggressive as they 
were two or three years ago, obviously. So we still face some of those issues that again, we see them much more 
committed this year, than what they were last year, given all of the economic troubles that we were facing. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Lee [Goldman Sachs]. 

<Q - Thomas Lee>: Hello, can you hear me? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Yes, go ahead. 

<Q - Thomas Lee>: Okay. Sorry. So I just wanted to follow up on the unit question earlier, so your guidance, your Q4, 
I guess, that your guidance for Q4 implies either the market is likely to be down – the year-over-year declines are likely 
to accelerate and I was just curious, or that you perhaps are – it implies that maybe you expect to lose some market 
share next quarter. And I just wanted to get some additional color in terms of year-over-year, what do you expect U.S. 
and Europe to do, for the market? And do you expect to either gain or lose share next quarter? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: First of all, we believe that the expectations that we have going 
into the fourth quarter are very similar to what we set out at the beginning of the year, so we haven't seen a major 


change in either the market size or the market share. In fact we believe that we actually have more market share now 
than we did at the beginning of the year. Roughly 60% share in the U.S. and about 20% share in Europe. So just from a 
year-over-year look, clearly the number of units in total are going to be a little bit down but not materially and I think 
they will track – continue to track very consistently with what we've seen throughout the year, which is about a flat 
PND market, maybe down 5%, in total, for the year. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Ilya Grozovsky [Morgan Joseph]. 

<Q - Ilya Grozovsky>: It's Ilya Grozovsky from Morgan Joseph. Thanks. You had said in the past that you thought 
that the nüvifone would contribute about 100 to $200 million in revenues in 2009. Can you sort of update us on that 
expectation, and where do you think your nüvifone revenues will be for next year, just a ballpark number? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: I think for the fourth quarter, we would not expect 
that high of a number now, due to the relative slow rollout. I think given the fact that the pricing has come down 
recently, we have hopes that will move units a little bit faster in the fourth quarter. Next year, we haven't really given 
any formal expectations, but with the expansion of the product family that the nüvifone has to do better and has to 
contribute more from the top line as we approach 2010 and also introduce the Android unit. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Scott Sutherland [Wedbush Morgan Securities Inc]. 

<Q - Scott Sutherland>: Great. Thank you. A couple questions. First of all, can you talk about the gross margin 
drivers in more detail versus your expectations for it to drop from the Q2 and maybe as you look into Q4, do you think 
any adjustments occur there? Do you think it is going to drop more materially from these higher margins you've had 
recently? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: In the third quarter, we were – year-over-year, the level continued 
to benefit from the foreign currency that actually, in year-over-year, impacted us about positive four percentage points, 
which is very favorable, as the euro continued to strengthen versus the U.S. dollar. We also saw significant product mix 
benefits with the introduction of a nüvi 1200, 1300, and 1400 product and the rollout of the connected PND to the 
1690. Those all helped in our margins. 

And then finally cost reductions continued to be a big part of the margin improvement on a year-over-year. As we go 
through the fourth quarter, we expect pricing to come down, as both Cliff and I have said, so I think the margins will 
not be 52% like they have the last two quarters, they will without a doubt come down, probably into the low to 
mid-40s. So a lot of it will depend on what happens to price and cost as we go through the fourth quarter. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Goldberg [Deutsche Bank Securities] 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: Hi, sorry. I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about the PND market in 
general. Do you think this is going to be something like digital camera markets where we have digital cameras in all 
phones but the digital camera market is still growing? Do you think we will have a scenario like that where PNDs 
remain sort of a vibrant niche market? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: I think in the past, we've actually used that analogy. 
There is all kinds of different needs and different kinds of consumers, and no one solution can really take over the 
whole market in our view. We still believe that the PND offers significant advantages for the specific utility that the 


customers are asking it to perform, which is in car navigation. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: Okay. And then just talking about the guidance again, just to clarify a little bit, you're 
talking about 40 to 50% sequential growth in units. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: That's correct. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: More than normal seasonality. But you expect sort of normal seasonal declines in pricing? 
How would you – first, did I get that right? And just a housekeeping question. What was the sequential decline we saw 
in Q4 of last year? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, first of all, to confirm, that's what we're talking about is units. 
And then from an ASP – I think we saw, we had 30, 28 to $30 units ASP increase in the third quarter, as we introduced 
new products that really helped our pricing. Typically we do see a pretty substantial ASP decline in the fourth quarter. 
This year, we still feel very comfortable that a full year ASP decline in PND will be 15 to 20% for the full year, which 
is below where we stand today. So I think pricing is definitely moderating, but on an absolute level, we will be below 
our third quarter ASP for the PND market. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Yair Reiner [Oppenheimer & Company] 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: Yes. Just first one, quick clarification. Is it 40 to 50% sequential increase in units, or 50 to 60 as 
you have on the slide presentation? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: 40 to 50%. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: Okay. The slide presentation says 50 to 60. I just wanted to make sure. The second thing is, the 
sequential increase in ASP's in the PND segment was fairly astonishing and I don't think we've ever seen that in the 
third quarter or any quarter that I recall. Beyond product mix, is there anything else going on there? To what extent is 
FX a factor, and I guess next question is, when you look into fourth quarter, do you expect a sequentially steeper 
sequential decline from the 3Q levels or sequential decline that is more on the level of what you saw in the fourth 
quarter of 2008? Thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: Just to clarify the first question, Yair, FX related I just want to 
make sure I have the question correct, related to which period? Is he gone? Okay, I will address it. I think what you 
asked is foreign currency, what kind of benefit we had. So we continue to see the euro strengthen even as we go into 
the fourth quarter. So that will continue to be a benefit to us. However, I think the key thing in the fourth quarter on 
price, just has to do with normal seasonality, marketing programs, discounting, price protections that we give to our 
retailers so we do expect sequentially that our ASP will come down with normal levels from Q3 to Q4 on the PND 
market very similar to last year just in terms of trend. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Ben Bollin [Cleveland Research Company] 

<Q - Benjamin Bollin>: Hi, good morning. Three items I wanted to touch on. The first, if you look at the level of 
channel inventory that you do see out there and the visibility you're getting from retail partners, could you say where 
that stands in either the number of weeks, or how it compares to what you've seen in prior years? Second item, looking 
at the promotional strategy, in 4Q, where do you see the low end of price points materializing from yourself or from 
competitors or how do you think those promotions are stretched across the different units in the stores, are there more 
absolute units, less units relative to prior years? And then lastly looking at replacement trends, have you seen any shift 
from pre-existing customers replacing more or any changes in that replacement trend? Thanks. 


<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: As I mentioned earlier, we haven't seen a significant shift in the 
channel inventory. In most cases, and there is obviously some variability, we see about six to eight weeks of inventory 
that many of the retailers carry. Some are below that. Some of are above but that's about the average. So again, 
especially if we look at the North American market, what we shipped in and what they sold out has not changed. The 
trend has not moved a whole lot, so not any kind of channel filling or anything going on, just normal shipments 
meeting customer demand. 

From the promotional strategy, I think Garmin would have price points very similar is what we're expecting to last 
year. We will be selling some products in the 99 to 119 level at the Black Friday specials. There may be some 
competitors who would be below that, but we don't plan to go below that price point at this point. So ASP's as I 
mentioned, we feel have some pretty good data points on what to expect in the fourth quarter holiday. 

And then finally on replacement trends, Cliff mentioned the fact that we are seeing more mature markets, so I think as 
we go forward, replacement market will continue to develop. We'll see more and more of our units being purchased 
that are not first time users, but second and third time users. I don't know that we can quote a number at this point on 
how many units are replacements versus new. But it will continue to increase. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of James Faucette [Pacific Crest Securities]. 

<Q - James Faucette>: Thank you very much. I just wanted to go back on the nüvifone. I guess two questions related 
to that. I can appreciate that it's kind of a pricing and strategy in progress right now particularly on your initial launch, 
but I'm wondering, should we, as you look to rollout additional phones in next year, a couple of things. Firstly, are you 
talking about, Kevin, when you talk about gross margins, may be below where you talked about before, should we 
think about those extending into next year, or do you think with the introduction of new phones, you can bring those 
back up to the targeted range? Firstly. And then secondly, I think in the past while you haven't given a revenue target, 
you had talked about in, 2010, potentially shipping as many as a million units. Is that still the kind of production levels 
and shipment levels that we should be thinking about for 2010 [inaudible] overall? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: I would first of all just set the expectation on Nüvifone margins 
that we will not see increases back up to higher levels. I don't expect margins to be up anywhere near where our PND 
margins are. Just due to the smartphone market and pricing and competition there. So I just would set the expectation 
there. As far as 2010, number of units, again, we still feel like given the G60 and also the products that we plan to roll 
out, we would hope to be able to still hit that million units for next year. 

<Q - James Faucette>: Okay. Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Tavis McCourt [Morgan Keegan]. 

<Q - Justin Patterson>: Thanks. This is Justin Patterson on behalf of Tavis. Just looking at the arguments you 
outlined earlier for the advantages of a PND, versus say some of these more -- free map devices, can we perhaps think 
of an advertising campaign, or anything like that to really tout those benefits versus some of these disadvantages that 
the other devices have? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: I think there is always creative fodder for advertising 
campaigns. I do think our customers get it. And truthfully with the awareness of navigation that's increasing, it seems 
like exponentially, there is a potential net positive for the overall category, because as people experiment with various 
solutions, they basically realize that the best experience and the most reliable experience is either PND or nüvifones. 


<Q - Justin Patterson>: Okay. And then secondly, I noticed you broke out deferred revenues on the balance sheet this 
quarter. I don't believe you've really highlighted that in the past. Is that more related to the connective PND product, the 
nüvifone, or something else? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: No, we broke that out because of the level of increase in the 
account that we got through 2009. You may recall we started selling lifetime maps, beginning in 2009, so a portion of 
those revenues, and generally, that's been at $119 per unit, for the lifetime map, a portion of those need to be deferred 
because we can't take it over the -- all upfront. They have to stretch that out over the life of the product, so that's really 
what that represents. 

<Q - Justin Patterson>: Okay. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Stuart Goldberg [Deutsche Bank]. 

<Q>: Good morning, guys. Along those lines, you answered the deferred revenue question, but other accrued expenses, 
can you break that out for us, as far as what the increase was there for it, and can you walk us through, on the accrued 
sales program costs dropping $13 million, how that reversal worked, where did that reversal go? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: First of all, on the accrued expenses, those are warranty-related, 
and from a Q2 to Q3, increases. As far as the marketing programs go, we really didn't see a lot of price protection, 
which is where -- a big number in that area, typically in the past, because of the release of new products. So we look at 
what kind of declines or rebates that we give, and those numbers were expected to come down just due to the new 
product introductions, so sales programs primarily related to price protection during the period. 

<Q>: And where did it go? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: What do you mean where did it go? 

<Q>: You reduced an accrual by $13 million. It had to be offset to something. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: It is favorable to our margin. So it hits the line on the gross margin 
in that regard. 

<Q>: Thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Mark Sue [RBC Capital Markets]. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Thank you. Cliff, recognizing that a smartphone with navigation included is not as functional as a 
pure PND, are there more dramatic things that Garmin can do to maintain the separation of the market, the actions that 
you spoke about today, it seems more tactical in terms of cutting price and increasing marketing, so I wonder if there 
are more strategic things that you can consider over time? 

<A - Cliff Pemble>: Well, I think we mentioned that in some of the comments. But definitely you pointed out the 
tactical items, which are one thing but we still are focusing on what we believe is the core advantages of our solution, 
which is GPS performance which works well in the intended environment, in the car, and some of the operational 
performance that takes place in the car that are limitations for other devices, such as temperature and power 
consumption, and so forth. But beyond that, the feature integration is still an area where we're focusing significantly on 


to make the location a part of every application of the device, not just part of a few applications there, just navigation. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Do you think this focused market for PND, the way you described it, actually grows next year? 

<A - Cliff Pemble>: I think these markets are really dynamic and there is a lot of research out there to try to 
prognosticate what will happen next year and the years beyond. It seems like most experts consensus is that the market 
will be up next year, somewhere in the range of 5 to 10%. But again, because of all of the dynamics, I think that is an 
educated guess. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Evanson [Dougherty & Company]. 

<Q - Jeff Evanson>: Good morning, everybody. After many, many quarters of concerns about high inventory levels, 
I'm actually wondering if maybe I shouldn't be concerned about low inventory levels. Could you tell us about how you 
feel about where you're positioned with finished goods inventory going into Q4? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: Well, you did notice that our days did come down. And even 
though our inventory was up, it is very typical as we approach the holiday season, so I think if anything, we are on the 
low end, not the high end. And in some cases, there is some component shortages that could impact us, but at this point, 
we have been able to manage those pretty well through the channel. So we would kind of agree with your general 
question. 

<Q - Jeff Evanson>: All right. And then Kevin, could you tell us how much ad spending there was in the quarter on 
the nüvifone? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: Well, we're not going to break -- we won't really break that down. 
It was a very small amount, because most of what you're going to see on the nüvifone has just started hitting in the 
beginning part of October. We generally don't break it down by product like that. 

<Q - Jeff Evanson>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of J.B. Groh [D.A. Davidson] 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: Good morning, guys. Maybe a different angle of that question, Kevin, is you may have given this, 
what is your ad budget for the year or for Q4, with regard to the overall Company? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: Well, we're definitely going to see a sequential increase. We would 
expect advertising to be between 6 and 6.5% of sales depending on the success of the sales during the quarter so we 
will see an absolute dollar increase of at least $15 million is what we're expecting and most of that has to do with the 
nüvifone ad campaign as well as our typical holiday advertising which you should start to see here in about a week or 
two. 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: So that 6 and 6.5 is for the full year or just for the quarter? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: That's Q4. 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: And then could you maybe -- I may have missed this, but could you address some of the other – bill 
of material costs and how those changed, and how, what the favorable impact was to the margins there? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: I think we continued to see some cost declines, component cost 
declines across the board. I think one of the other factors that is probably hidden from the investor is that we get design 


efficiencies as we bring out new products, like I mentioned, the new nüvis 12, 13, and 14. So part of it is just an 
absolute cost decline and part of it is the designing, a lower cost component into our new products, which help our 
margins. 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: And so things like memory and those sorts of things do you expect a sort of stabilized rate there -you 
buy most of that stuff spot, don't you? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: We generally do. I think flash continues to be a little bit of a 
challenge. We have seen price stabilization if not increases over the last couple of months. Other than that, we still see 
cost declines throughout most of the rest of our bill of materials. 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: Okay. Thank you, Kevin. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you. I think that is the last of our questions at this point. 

Operator 

There are no further questions. 

Kevin S. Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer 

Operator, would you like to close the call? 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. We do apologize for the audio technicalities that was 
experienced during today's event. We are investigating the issue. You may now disconnect from the call. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


