Q4 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Kerri Thurston, Investor Relations Manager 
• Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer 
• Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer 
• Kevin Ruackman 
Other Participants 

• Amir Rozwadowski 
• Thomas Kucera 
• James Faucette 
• Mark Sue 
• Jeff Rath 
• Vivek Arya 
• Jeff Evanson 
• Yair Reiner 
• Justin Patterson 
• Jonathan Goldberg 
• Scott Sutherland 
• J.B. Groh 
• Thomas Lee 
• Ilya Grozovsky 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Please stand by. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Garmin Limited Fourth Quarter 2009 Earnings Results 
Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn 
the call over to Garmin's Director of Investor Relations, Ms. Kerri Thurston. Ms. Thurston, please go ahead. 

Kerri Thurston, Investor Relations Manager 

Thank you. Good morning and welcome again to Garmin Limited's fourth quarter 2009 earnings call. Please note that a 
copy of the press release concerning this earnings call is available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at 
www.garmin.com/stock. 

Additionally, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet. Please note that this webcast does include slides, which 
can be viewed during the call. An archive of the webcast will be available until March 24. A transcript of the call will 
be available on the website within 48 hours. 

This earnings call will include projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its 
businesses. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market share, product 
introductions, future demand for our products and objectives are forward-looking statements. 


The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur and actual results could 
differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning those risk factors is contained in 
our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 26, 2009 filed today with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Attending today's call on behalf of Garmin Limited are Dr. Min Kao, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Cliff 
Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer; Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; and Andrew 
Etkind, General Counsel. 

The presenters for this morning's call are Cliff Pemble and Kevin Rauckman. At this time I'd like to turn the call over to 
Cliff. 

Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer 

Thank you, Kerri, and good morning, everyone. As you've read from our press release this morning, Garmin announced 
fourth quarter results that included year-over-year revenue growth and record EPS driven by strong margins and unit 
shipments. 

We experienced our first quarter of revenue growth since third quarter of 2008 and we are pleased with the on-going 
improvements experienced throughout the back half of the year. Revenue growth, coupled with extremely strong 
margins, allowed us to post pro forma EPS of $1.43, which represents a record quarter for us. 

Gross and operating margins expanded by almost 500 basis points over the prior year based on the benefit of cost 
declines and operating efficiencies, offset by lower ASPs that are typical in the fourth quarter. We also saw unit 
shipments grow 4%, driven by increases in the PND category. 

We are very pleased with our performance during the fourth quarter as well as for the full year, particularly in light of 
the economic challenges we faced during the past year. I would like to thank all Garmin associates as each one played a 
part in delivering solid performance through diligence, hard work and by focusing on our business plan. 

For the full year we experienced top and bottom line improvements in every quarter since the low point of Q1. The 
stabilization of the economy, combined with strong new product offerings, growing market share, improved margins 
and a lower effective tax rate allowed us to deliver 3% growth of our pro forma EPS, a significant achievement in light 
of the challenges we faced at the beginning of the year. 

In addition, we generated over $1 billion of free cash flow, allowing us to continue to invest and innovate for the future. 

Next I would like to walk through each business segment highlighting 2009 performance as well as providing an 
outlook for 2010 and beyond. In the Marine segment we experienced year-over-year revenue growth of 2% in the 
quarter. Gross and operating margins improved both sequentially and year-over-year to 65% and 36%, respectively. 
Highlights from the Marine segment in 2009 include growth in market share, allowing us to out-perform our 
competitors; introduction of important new products, such as our Autopilot, VHF and AIS solutions; our new GPSMAP 
6000 and 7000 series of chart plotters and GPSMAP 700 stand-alone chart plotters. These new products join an already 
strong portfolio and help us extend our reach into additional segments of the boating market. 

And finally I'd like to highlight progress in the Marine OEM market. During 2009 we announced relationships with 
several new OEMs, including Regal, Fairline and Gulf Craft. Notably, these OEMs selected our equipment for their 
larger boats, which is a strong indicator of our growing credibility in the Marine OEM market. 

As we look at the Marine segment in 2010, we anticipate that the industry will further stabilize and show growth as 
customers return to boating. Given these expectations and our goal of continued market share gains, we believe our 
revenues will grow in the range of five to 10% during 2010. 

In the coming years our strategic focus will include expanding our OEM presence by leveraging our complete line of 
marine products, offering a one-stop shop for OEM customers around the world, offering superior technology with 
particular emphasis on the larger boat market and finally we will continue to expand the coverage and quality of our 


BlueChart cartography and will focus on adding new content that will be relevant and exciting for boaters. 

Turning next to Aviation in the fourth quarter the steep drop in revenues we experienced in the previous quarters 
moderated with revenues down only 4%. Trends are improving as retrofit activity is picking up and new aircraft sales 
have stabilized. 

Despite the soft market, our gross margins have remained strong at about 67%. During 2009 we maintained our 
commitment to innovation by introducing new products that expand our addressable market. 

These new products include the G3X and G500 glass-cockpit systems designed for experimental and small aircraft, the 
new Aera portable navigators with dual mode operation designed for use in both the aircraft and the car, the GPS traffic 
products appealing to both retrofit and OEM customers and WAAS-enabled GPS navigation for the helicopter market. 

The 2010 outlook for Aviation is similar to Marine. We expect the industry to further stabilize and will return to growth 
as the economy continues to recover. 

With new addressable markets and expanded product offerings, we expect our revenue to grow approximately five to 
10%. Looking at longer-term initiatives in the Aviation segment, the G3000, our next-generation integrated cockpit 
system will create opportunities in the midrange business jet market. 

The G500, G600 and G3X electronic cockpit systems will expand opportunity for revenue growth at the lower end of 
the market for both retrofit and OEM applications. And finally we will expand our presence in the helicopter market 
and leverage the growing demand for our new traffic products. 

Turning next to the Outdoor/Fitness segment, fourth quarter results were seasonally strong with 24% year-over-year 
revenue growth. The margin performance was outstanding as well with 69% gross and 54% operating margins. The 
segment contributed $80 million of operating income, which represents 27% of our total operating income for the 
quarter. Outdoor/Fitness was the only segment to show full year revenue growth, coming in at 10% over the previous 
year. Margins were strong throughout 2009 at 65% gross and 45% operating margin. 

During 2009 some of our significant accomplishments include the Dakota series of handhelds offering touch screen 
functionality at a value price; the Forerunner 310XT, which is designed for the serious athlete with features particularly 
appealing in the tri-athlete market; the Edge 500, which delivers GPS based cycling functionality at a value price; and 
the Approach golf products, which integrate GPS location capability with pre-loaded high-resolution vector maps of 
courses. 

Looking forward, we expect the Outdoor/Fitness segment to continue to generate growth in the range of five to 10% 
during 2010. We expect the Outdoor market to provide stable revenues and profitability, while the Fitness market will 
generate additional growth. 

We continue to see long-term opportunities in this segment and we will leverage this potential through initiatives such 
as expanded distribution points for our Fitness products and enhanced positioning with existing retailers. We'll develop 
new products targeting the fitness and wellness consumer, expanding our opportunities beyond the serious athletes. 

And finally, we plan to expand distribution of our innovative golf products by offering coverage for new markets and 
expanding the coverage in existing markets. 

Finally, in the Automotive segment, revenues showed signs of stabilization, declining only 2% versus Q4 of 2008. Unit 
deliveries grew 3% but were offset by ASP declines of 6%. Despite heavy promotion, gross and operating margins 
were strong at 39% and 23% respectively, an improvement of 3% over the prior year in both cases. 

While worldwide market share information is still being compiled, NPD information has shown that our North 
American market share remained steady during the fourth quarter, despite heavy promotions by our competitors. We 
believe this is clear affirmation of our overall strategy in the fourth quarter. 

Full year highlights include strong margin performance with gross and operating margins up 350 and 180 basis points 
respectively; key new product introductions, such as the nüvi 1200, 1300 and 1400 series, which are 25% thinner and 


offer pedestrian navigation and eco-friendly routing capabilities; the nüvi 1690 with new links and active services, 
offering consumers an extended period of built-in dynamic content services in both Europe and the United States; the 
465T, which provides valuable utility for the trucking market. 

Final highlight was at the global launch of the first generation of Garmin nüvifone handsets. While we were 
disappointed with the sell through of our G60 and M20 devices, we were able to learn from this experience, which will 
result in much stronger product offerings in the future. 

As we begin 2010 we expect PND revenues to be flat to slightly declining, with upside opportunity in the segment 
driven by mobile offerings and through OEM penetration. Looking specifically at the PND market, research from 
Canalyst estimates that the total market will grow slightly in 2010 from 39 million units in 2009 to 39.5 million units in 
2010. 

This estimate assumes on-going growth in the North America and emerging markets, offset by declines in the European 
market. We are forecasting 10% ASP declines as pricing pressure continues to subside as it did during the latter half of 
2009. These assumptions form the basis of our projections for the PND market. 

Overall, we expect revenues in this segment to be down 5% to up 5% with margins declining 200 to 300 basis points as 
ASP declines could slightly out-pace cost reductions in our materials. We continue to invest in this segment with a 
focus on the following strategic initiatives: new form factors and advanced features driving market share growth in 
Europe and emerging markets; connected services to enhance the user experience and differentiate our product 
offerings; carrier launches of the next generation of Garmin-Asus nüvifones, which were well received at Mobile 
World Congress last week; and expanding our revenues in the Auto OEM segment. 

Looking at the big picture for 2010, we anticipate consolidated revenue growth in the range of zero to 5% for total 
revenue of 2.9 to $3.1 billion. This is comprised of revenue growth in the range of five to 10% for Aviation, Marine 
and Outdoor/Fitness with a possible range of down five to up 5% in Auto/Mobile. Combining this with our margin 
expectations, which Kevin will cover in more detail later, we expect the 2010 pro forma EPS to be in the range of $2.75 
to $3.15. 

At this time Kevin will walk us through the financial results in more detail. 

Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Cliff, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin with the fourth quarter income statement results, walking 
through the posting of Garmin's revenue of 1.1 billion this morning, net income of 278 million and our pro forma EPS 
of $1.43 per share, which excluded foreign currency. 

Our revenues grew 1% year-over-year and 36% sequentially during the quarter. Gross margin of 46.0% was a 490 basis 
point improvement over prior year as margins improved in all segments. 

Operating income grew 23% to 292 million compared to 237 million in fourth quarter of 2008. 27.6% operating margin 
was up from 22.6% last year. 

We achieved this result through gross margin of 490 basis points favorable, favorable advertising expense of 90 basis 
points, although the expense came down 9 million on a year-over-year basis. Other SG&A was 120 basis points 
favorable, down 12 million on a year-over-year basis. 

And our R&D was 200 basis points unfavorable as we increased R&D spending 22 million on a year-over-year basis. 
The $1.43 EPS pro forma was a 54% increase year-over-year on the strength of margins. Also our effective tax rate 
during the quarter was 4.7%. 

Our units shipped were up 4% year-over-year as 6.6 million units were delivered during the quarter. The increase was 
driven by our Auto/Mobile and Outdoor/Fitness segments. The total company average selling price was $159 per unit, 
down 4% from 2008. The Auto/Mobile ASP declined 6% compared to prior year to 139 from 148 the year before. 


Looking next at the full year income statement, our final revenue for the year was 2.9 billion, net income of 704 million 
and a pro forma EPS of $3.53 per share, excluding foreign currency. 

Revenues fell 16% year-over-year but improved every quarter during the year. While we did experience a 16% top line 
decline, pro forma EPS increased 3% when excluding foreign currency due to strong margin and a lower effective tax 
rate for the year of 12.9%. 

Gross margin of 49.0 was a 450 basis point improvement over prior year. Margin improved in all segments. 

Operating income fell 9% to 786 million compared to 862 million in 2008. 26.7% operating margin was up from 24.7% 
last year as revenues fell. But as I said, our gross margins were favorable by 450 basis points. Our advertising was 
favorable by 70 bps, down 53 million on a year-over-year basis. 

Our SG&A was 100 basis points unfavorable; down 13 million year-over-year and we increased our R&D 32 million, 
which made the operating margin impact 220 bps unfavorable. Pro forma of $3.53 was a 3% increase year-over-year on 
the strength of margins. 

The total units shipped in our business were down slightly year-over-year as 16.7 million units were delivered during 
2009. The decrease occurred across our segments in the first half of the year. 

Total company ASP was $177 per unit down 14%. The Auto/Mobile ASP for the year declined 18% compared to prior 
year to 148 from $180. Looking next at our pro forma net income, the non-GAAP measures that we reported this 
morning represent net income per share, excluding the effects of foreign currency and the 2008 gain on sale of Tele 
Atlas equities. 

This impact was $0.05 per share favorable during the quarter, $0.15 per share favorable for the fourth quarter of 2008. 
The full year impact was $0.03 favorable for 2009 and $0.06 unfavorable for 2008. 

Next moving to a little bit more detail on our revenue performance. During the fourth quarter we experienced 2% 
revenue decline within the Auto/Mobile segment, while the unit volumes in that segment increased 4%. 

Our Outdoor/Fitness segment revenues grew 24% compared to the fourth quarter of '08 due to a strong holiday season. 
Our Aviation segment revenue declined 5% during the quarter, a significant improvement over the 28% decline during 
the first three quarters of 2009. 

Marine segment revenues increased 2% compared to fourth quarter of 2008 as we continue to take market share in this 
category. In total, revenues grew 1% during the fourth quarter as we posted our first quarter revenue growth since the 
third quarter of 2008. Full year revenues declined 16%, but we saw significant improvement in the back half of the 
year. 

Moving next to the revenue by geography, during the fourth quarter North America revenue increased 1%, while our 
European business decreased 2%. Our APAC region sales grew 25% during the period. 

We experienced a 6% unit increase from our PND products with North America and Asia growing, offset by single 
digit declines in Europe. Full year revenues declined in both North America and Europe, but both geographies showed 
recovery again in the back half of the year. 

The Auto/Mobile segment represented 77% of our total business during the seasonally strong Q4 2009 down from 79% 
in Q4 of 2008. Outdoor/Fitness grew to 14% of our revenues in the quarter, a 3% increase from 2008. On a full year 
basis, Auto/Mobile now represents 70% of our revenues, a 3% decline from 2008, however Outdoor/Fitness gained 4% 
year-over-year to 16% of our total revenues. 

Focusing next on the operating income by each of our business segments, the Auto/Mobile segment represented 77% of 
our total revenue during a seasonally strong Q4 2009; however, it represented 65% of our operating income in the 
quarter. 


Similarly for the full year, the operating income contributions of the Auto/Mobile segment were 59% versus revenue 
contribution of 70%. The operating income contribution of the Outdoor/Fitness segment grew to 27% in 2009, an 8% 
increase from the prior year. 

Revenues in Europe were 26% in the fourth quarter, a 2% increase over 2008 levels. Our fiscal year revenue percent 
was unchanged in North America at 67%. 

Looking next at the margins by segment, the fourth quarter Auto/Mobile gross margin and operating margin were 39% 
and 23% respectively. This represents year-over-year improvement as slowing ASP declines and a reserve associated 
with handset inventory were more than offset by material cost reductions and operating efficiencies. 

Our fourth quarter Outdoor/Fitness gross margin was 69% up from 56% last year as prices have remained stable while 
material costs have fallen. Operating margin was 54%, an increase of 17 percentage points from the year ago quarter 
due primarily to the strong gross margins and operating leverage associated with our revenue growth in this segment. 

Q4 Aviation gross margin was 67%, stable to the fourth quarter of '08 and the third quarter of '09. Operating margin 
was 18% for the quarter, which is a significant decline from the prior year due to revenue declines and increased 
SG&A and R&D cost in the segment. 

Q4 Marine gross margin was 65% compared to 52% in the year ago quarter as the product mix improved toward our 
high-end network solutions. Operating margin was 36% up from 26 last quarter and 23% a year ago. The improvement 
was driven by gross margin strength in this segment. 

And finally on the expense side, operating expenses during the year were down 34 million from 692 million in '08 to 
658 million in 2009 and decreased just slightly as a percentage of sales. Operating expenses were flat year-over-year in 
the fourth quarter. 

R&D increased 22 million year-over-year in Q4 and was up 200 basis points to 6.8% of sales. We now employ over 
1,900 engineers and engineering associates worldwide, and we remain committed to our continued product innovation. 

Ad spending decreased 9 million over the year ago quarter and decreased 90 basis points as a percentage of sales from 
5.8% in Q4 to 4.9% in Q4 of '09. We will continue to manage advertising expense based on the current macro 
economic conditions. Other SG&A decreased 12 million compared to the year ago quarter and improved 120 basis 
points to 6.7% of sales from 7.9% a year ago as bad debt expenses declined. 

Looking next to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of 1.86 billion. Our 
accounts receivable increased to 874 million as we saw sales spike in the seasonally strong fourth quarter. A/R 
accounted for approximately 108 days of sales, up from 77 days of sales in the fourth quarter of '08 when December 
was extremely weak. 

Our cash collections of this A/R balance have been strong so far in Q1 2010. Inventory balances decreased 63 million 
to 310 million as we reduced inventory levels during the seasonal strong fourth quarter. 

Our days of inventory metric decreased from 79 days at the end of the fourth quarter of '08 to 64 days at the end of Q4 
'09, driven primarily by raw material reductions. A breakdown of the amounts and days in inventory are as follows: We 
held 81 million in raw materials or 15 days of inventory. 

At the end of 2009 we had 32 million in whip and assemblies or seven days, and we also had 235 million in finished 
goods inventory, which represented 43 days. We exited the year with 39 million in inventory reserves. 

Garmin will continue to manage its supply chain appropriately given the seasonal and cyclical conditions facing our 
various segments. It remains our goal to have adequate inventory to support customer needs, but we do intend to carry 
the right level and mix of inventory to minimize risk of obsolescence. 

As Cliff mentioned up front, the cash flow during the period was very strong. Cash flow from operations came in at 
246 million during the fourth quarter. We spent 14 million on CapEx during Q4 and our free cash flow during the 
quarter was 232 million. 


Cash flow from investing provided 11 million of cash during the quarter, which is made up of 14 million of CapEx and 
25 million of net redemption of marketable securities. Our financing activities used 165 million of cash during the 
quarter, which was primarily 150 million of our dividend payment in December and 18 million for stock re-purchases. 
We earned an average of 1.5% on all cash and marketable security balances during the fourth quarter. 

Looking next at our use of cash and taxes. In Q4 we paid a 2009 annual dividend of $0.75 per share, which was 150 
million use of cash during the period. During Q4 we also re-purchased 590,000 shares of common stock for 
approximately 16.5 million use of cash. The board has now authorized a new re-purchase plan for $300 million 
expiring on December 31, 2011. 

We continue also to evaluate a number of acquisition opportunities. And finally, our tax rate for the quarter was 4.7% 
and 12.9% for the year. This was lower than anticipated due to a favorable mix of operating income among the tax 
jurisdictions and the release of income tax reserve for which the statute of limitations has now expired. However, we do 
expect the 2010 rate to be between 15 and 18% for the year. 

Now I'd like to conclude with just a little bit more detail on the 2010 guidance. Again, we are moving back to providing 
annual guidance for the full year. Revenue growth we expect to come in at zero to 5% growth driven by growth in all 
non-PND segments and the possibility of growth in the Auto/Mobile segment, driven largely by the nüvifone and Auto 
OEM opportunities. 

We expect our gross margin compression of about 100 to 300 basis points due to on-going price declines, which will 
outpace product cost declines and the impact of nüvifone sales. Operating income will come in between 675 million 
and 725 million with lower operating margins given our on-going R&D investment during the year. And finally the net 
result, we expect earnings per share of 2.75 to $3.15, driven by some margin compressions and a higher effective tax 
rate in 2010. 

So this concludes our formal remarks. As is customary, we'd like to open up the phone lines for any questions that you 
may have. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you, Mr. Rauckman. [Operator Instructions]. And we will take our first question from Amir Rozwadowski with 
Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: Thank you very much and good morning folks. 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Hi Amir. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: Kevin and Clif, I was wondering in talking about sort of the developments in the PND 
market over the course of 2010 you had cited some third party research that had suggested some flattish units, but it 
seems though taking into account you ASP assumptions that you do think that there is an opportunity for growth in 
terms of your business. I was wondering if you could talk us through some of the factors there and the puts and takes 
that would enable you guys to get unit growth in 2010? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: I think definitely growing with the market in those 
areas that are still growing and maintaining our market share and growing market share in emerging markets and also 
growing our share in Europe where, as you know, we've been under-represented in terms of our total market share 
compared to North America. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: Are you assuming some level of impact from devices that are offering navigation such as 
Smartphones as well or how should we think about the puts and takes there, Cliff? 


<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Well I think there's so many moving pieces to that 
question, and what we're doing is relying on the research that's out there that everybody can study for themselves. But 
in general, the PND market continues to be healthy and so far with all the different moving pieces, the economy, the 
Smartphones, we really haven't seen that kind of impact yet. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: Great, thanks. And then, if I may, in terms of the commitment to R&D, we've certainly 
seen a significant ramp in your R&D as attributed to your nüvifone initiative. Can you give us a sense as to how much 
of that ramp in R&D next year will be either geared towards the nüvifone or how we should think about the different 
puts and takes there? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: Well as we said, R&D for the year was about 8.1% and there was a 
fair amount of R&D investment in the nüvifone category this year, and we will continue to grow that in 2010. I would 
expect that R&D overall will continue to grow, and it will be somewhere between eight and 9% of sales. A large part of 
that will be nüvifones. It will also be our other businesses that we need to continue to invest in and take advantage of 
the competitive strength that we have there. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: Great. Thank you very much for the incremental color. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Tom Kucera with Avondale Partners. 

<Q - Thomas Kucera>: Thank you. This is Tom Kucera for John Bright. First, I wanted to touch on if we can talk 
about the non-PND segments and the R&D investments there, to what extent do you guys think you can expand your 
addressable market there organically by which I mean, for example, getting into OEM Marine products, are there some 
other categories within Marine, Aviation, Outdoor/Fitness you can expand that further or maybe you could quantify 
that some? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Well I think over the years we've been 
under-represented in the Marine OEM market. So over the past couple of years with our strong product line as well as 
our internal focus, we've been working on expanding our presence in those Marine OEM opportunities. So we would 
expect to see that continue in the coming year and the coming years. And I think we're doing it very well organically 
and as evidenced by some of the wins that I mentioned in my remarks. 

I think other areas, Aviation OEM, we do have a strong presence there. There's more opportunities in some of the other 
aircraft platforms that currently we're not represented in and then Outdoor/Fitness is predominantly a consumer market. 
So we continue to rely on product innovation, new product categories to drive growth there. 

<Q - Thomas Kucera>: Okay. And maybe, could you maybe contrast what you can attain organically in those areas 
versus what you might be looking for in M&A? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Well, again, I think our focus is growing organically 
in some of those areas. We certainly could take a big jump in some kind of acquisition opportunity, but I think the 
chances of that and the risk of that from a competitive antitrust standpoint probably offset our ability to do it. So we're 
focused on organic growth right now. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. Maybe one clarification, Tom, the five to 10% growth 
number that we represented in each of those non-PND segments really assumes organic growth during the year. So 
although we do look at acquisition opportunities, we're assuming we can grow the market in each of those categories. 

<Q - Thomas Kucera>: Okay. And last thing I want to touch on, if we could touch on the nüvifone in terms of 
inventory. It looked like there were some inventory reserves there. I don't know if you could break out how much of 
those reserves were related to the nüvifone and also maybe comment on your inventory management strategy with the 


nüvifone and maybe contrast that to inventory management in other categories? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: Well I think the largest part of that inventory reserve was due to 
the Smartphone or the handset inventory reserve. We took about 30 million of that actually hit our P&L during the year 
and represented the larger inventory reserve increase. As far as the channels, I think we're committed and maybe you 
want to talk about the sales channels there, Cliff? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Yeah. I think serving that kind of sales channel with 
the carrier you simply have to be ready to deliver and I think, of course, we learned a lot from the experience on the 
G60 that we can apply going forward. But we did have to absorb some of that inventory that we prepared for the 
channel. 

<Q - Thomas Kucera>: All right. Thank you. 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Thank you. 

[Operator Instructions]. We'll take our next question from James Faucette from Pacific Crest. 

<Q - James Faucette>: Thank you very much. I wanted to touch on nüvifone. Obviously your initial launches you've 
talked about having been disappointing but feeling like you've made big improvements in the products to come to 
market this year. What are the critical things that you see need to take place for those new products to be successful and 
what kind of metrics or hurdles should we be looking at as we evaluate the performance of those products in the 
market? Thank you. 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Well, I think our previous product, the G60, was 
based on a custom version of Linux which we developed on our own and it was a great learning exercise, but obviously 
in the period it took us to develop that product the Smartphone market made a lot of advances in terms of features and 
open operating systems marketplace and those kind of things. Going forward our emphasis is on working with the 
Android Platform as well as Windows Mobile. And we believe by doing so we're able to leverage all of the strengths of 
those platforms and offer the kind of features that people are expecting in the devices. 

<Q - James Faucette>: But if I look at the product in terms of making that a success, I mean, what do you have to do 
to secure carrier distribution and advertising support et cetera, and how critical are things like that going to be the 
success of your nüvifone effort? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Well, I think distribution through carriers is the 
critical link and we believe that we received a good response to our new products at Mobile World Congress. The key 
is operating a differentiated product, which we believe we do. We have a unique user experience. We have unique 
features that bring location to the device in a way that other devices aren't doing and it's more than just navigation. It's 
really about being able to utilize location in a useful way in a mobile device. So we feel like differentiation is the key. 

<Q - James Faucette>: Great, thank you. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. And we'll move to Mark Sue with RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Thank you. If the PND market is healthy and resilient, why wouldn't you throttle back your efforts 
on the nüvifone? It's a crowded market. Competition is cut throat or is there a bit of stubbornness on your part, and you 
feel that you're at a point of no return with the nüvifone? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Well, we see opportunity in both, Mark. So we're 
investing in both. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Is there a point where you say, we tried our best and our efforts are best served, R&D spend is best 
served in other areas such as Outdoor/Fitness, which seems to be growing at a faster rate? 


<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: As I said, we're still seeing opportunity in the 
Smartphone area and, as I mentioned, at Mobile World Congress we had good interest from carriers and other retailers 
of mobile phone products. So we'll continue to look at things pragmatically, but at the moment we feel like we're still 
offering a unique proposition that operators are interested in. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Got it. Okay. Good luck, gentlemen. 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Jeff Rath with Canaccord Adams. 

<Q - Jeff Rath>: Thanks. Kevin, just some margin questions on the PND segment, the Auto/Mobile, sorry, the 
Auto/Mobile segment if I just look at the trends, the last three quarters of 2009, I mean, it looks like obviously ASPs 
have moderated down only 6% in the fourth quarter. And it looks like gross margin performance has actually been 
quite strong. So how do you – when I listen to your guidance for that segment in 2010, you've kind of given us a bit of 
a range. You're talking about some gross margin compression, and ASPs down 10%. Is there a change that you're 
anticipating vis-à-vis it almost sounds like you're in that guidance you're forecasting a re-acceleration, if you will, or a 
change of the current ASP trends? It almost looks like ASPs are trending towards almost flat. 

So is there a change in your pricing strategy? Will you be introducing more low-end products or trying to maintain your 
unit volumes in 2010 or is that just a – how are you thinking about that dynamic or is it driven by a mix regarding 
nüvifone? Any additional color would be helpful. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. Jeff, there really is no major change in our strategy there. If 
you look at the overall PND market, our Auto/Mobile segment market for the year, I think, our gross margins are 
around 42%. And so I think if you look at 2010 assuming some sort of decline of about 10% ASP, we still think we can 
hit around a 40% gross margin. So there's not a major change or shift there; however, we are factoring in the nüvifone. 
We want to be successful, as Cliff said, in both categories, both the PND and the Smartphone. And clearly the nüvifone 
at this point doesn't have the same margin characteristics that the PND does. It's a little bit lower. So we're factoring 
both, success in both of those markets into our guidance this morning. 

<Q - Jeff Rath>: And then just one follow-up, in the fourth quarter can you just again clarify, was there any nüvifone 
revenue and backing out the nüvifone inventory write-down, what would have been the Auto/Mobile gross margins? 
Thanks. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: We had some revenue in the fourth quarter on nüvifone, but the 
impact on – with the write-down of inventory, it was about 280 basis points due to that category. So that would have 
improved our margins by that amount without that write-off. 

<Q - Jeff Rath>: So just to follow-up, if I'm clear, your gross margins ex the nüvifone write-down for PNDs would 
probably have been close to 45, 46%? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: That's correct. 

<Q - Jeff Rath>: Okay, thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 


And we will take our next question from Vivek Arya with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Thank you and good morning. Two questions, first Cliff, you announced a new share buyback and 
I'm wondering why are you not more aggressive with your buybacks because even in a recovery year 2010, you're only 
guiding to flattish sales growth and earnings declines of 15%. And I'm just trying to see what kind of shareholders are 
you are appealing to with that kind of sales and earnings performance if it's not the growth, the general growth type of 
investors and if it's a value type of investor, why not put a lot more money in buybacks and dividends? So I'm just 
trying to get an understanding of how you conceptually think about this issue? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: I think I'll address that, Vivek. I think that quite obviously the fact 
on the buyback last year is we were all year we were watching the economy. We were playing conservative I think on 
the use of cash. So even though we had the opportunity to buy we were more into the market at really attractive prices. 
So we were buying at about a $30 price last year. Now I think given the fact that we have very strong cash flow in the 
fourth quarter, and we expect to generate strong cash flow in 2010, the board has approved another buyback plan and I 
believe we will be more aggressive in that. I can't give you any kind of indication of how much, but I think that's what 
our plan will be. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Okay. And secondly again on this Smartphone topic, it gets a lot of attention even though it's a 
very small part of what you do currently. But do you expect that to be a positive or a negative operating income 
contribution in 2010 and if it's negative, then at what point do you think it starts contributing positive operating income 
dollars to the business? Thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: Well given our current expectations of the market, we do not 
expect that the operating margins of the nüvifone in 2010 will be positive. They'll be slightly negative. However, I 
think we're getting – if we're successful in what we're attempting and with carrier involvement I think we can get close 
to a break-even point toward the end of the year. So we still need to add more volume to be successful on that and that's 
really what our goal is over the next couple of years. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Sorry. One last question. Aside from the nüvifone, Cliff, do you see other areas that you can invest 
in? I think you mentioned OEM opportunities. Are there other in-dash opportunities like what are the areas where 
Garmin can invest and grow in which are not crowded areas and where you already have a good competitive 
advantage? Thank you. 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Well I think I mentioned all of those, Vivek, but 
Auto OEM is one area, continued innovation in the PND area. We still see opportunities for features and unique 
applications for PNDs that will help sustain and grow the market. All of our other core markets, Outdoor, Marine, 
Aviation, we're investing in expanded product lines, improved products and new features that will help drive growth for 
us. So we're investing in all those areas. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Okay, thanks. Good luck. 

<A - Kevin Ruackman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. We'll move to Jeff Evanson with Dougherty & Company. 

<Q - Jeff Evanson>: Good morning, gentlemen. 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Good morning. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: Hey, Jeff. 

<Q - Jeff Evanson>: I guess, Kevin, I'd like to get your thoughts around the 2010 guidance and where you feel the 
most variability is in that guidance? 


<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: Well I think always in our business model it's sales and margins. 
And so what is the market opportunity, the opportunity for additional growth above what we've guided to. We tried to 
give a number this morning that we think is reasonable and something we could achieve. But I think the variability 
always is can we exceed that and as price, for example, on the PNDs continue to come down 10%, like we think it will 
or is it less than that or is it more than that. Those are some of the critical factors, and I will say probably we have a 
good handle on the operating expenses within our business, but the tax rate is the other variability during the year and 
we've guided to between 15 and 18% rate there for 2010. 

<Q - Jeff Evanson>: All right. So in the past you've mentioned PND ASP as one of the metrics that's challenging to 
project. That's still the case here? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: Still the case. 

<Q - Jeff Evanson>: And then what beyond PND, ASP and tax rate, I would think frankly a recovery in Aviation and 
the success of the nüvifone would be two of the biggies? 

<A - Kevin Ruackman>: Well those are two that drive the top-level sales. So, yes, those are definitely factors in the 
2010 guidance and success of our business segments. Yeah. 

<Q - Jeff Evanson>: Okay. I guess I only get one question, so I'll hop back in the queue. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: All right. Thanks, Jeff. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Yair Reiner with Oppenheimer & Company. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: Yeah. Thank you. My first question is about channel inventories. Can you give us a sense of where 
they are in your consumer products, PND, Outdoor/Fitness and Marine? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: Channel inventory in each of the segments? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Yeah. I think channel inventory in some outlets is a 
little bit higher coming out of the fourth quarter. In general we feel like the sell through is good and actually has 
improved over last year's level. So we don't see a particular problem with that. But there are some outlets that do have 
more inventory coming out of the fourth quarter. 

<A - Kevin Ruackman>: Channel inventory for the other segments I would just say again, they're not much of an 
issue, and it's really the mass market that we watch very carefully, which is the PND category. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: Okay, very good. In terms of gross margin, I guess you're indicating there's some room for them to 
compress in the PND segment. In the other segments you also saw pretty nice expansion this year. Do you think that 
that is sustainable as you look out over 2010 and to what extent could potential strengthening of the dollar against the 
euro play into how gross margins play out over 2010? 

<A - Kevin Ruackman>: Yeah, we think the non-PND segment has pretty good sustainability on the margin structure 
of our business. We're not expecting those to decline. In general, operating margins in the Marine and Outdoor/Fitness 
should be around 35%. And in the Aviation business we think we could approach 30% this coming year on operating 
margin in that segment. The FX, the currency rate, that is definitely something that we watch carefully. Its moves were 
quite volatile in the last couple of years and we did have some benefit in both the Q4, I guess primarily in the Q4 area. 
But we're looking at the U.S. versus euro exchange rate being one of the factors in the impact on margins. Clearly with 
the way the year has started that has a little bit of a headwind on our margins, so we'll just have to see how the year 
goes. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: Great. Thank you. 


<A - Kevin Ruackman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Tavis McCourt with Morgan Keegan. 

<Q - Justin Patterson>: Thanks, guys. This is Justin Patterson for Tavis. Looking at advertising expense for 2009 it 
looks like you reduced it by about 25% year-over-year. Can give us a sense of how you expect that to track in 2010? 

<A - Kevin Ruackman>: Well I think it will stay roughly the same on a percentage of sales basis. So I think we'll see 
a slight increase given the fact that we're looking at zero to 5% sales growth for the year. In part of the reason that we 
did what we did is we took some of our TV ad campaigns down early in the year last year when the economy was 
extremely weak. We are not planning on a TV ad campaign during Q1 of this year, and so we're going to evaluate it as 
we go through the year. But I would expect just on an absolute dollar basis that our ad spending will go up, a 
combination of increased media on our core markets and then also some nüvifone investment. 

<Q - Justin Patterson>: Gotcha. And then with respect to nüvifone, I know in the past you had talked about 100 to 
200 million being your initial expectations for that. As we head into 2010, is that kind of a baseline range we should all 
use in thinking about revenues for that business? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: [inaudible] Yeah, 100 to 200 million, Justin, that's 
roughly our target and again we're still kind of in a ramping up mode behind what we anticipated doing in 2009, but we 
expect 2010 to be better. 

<Q - Justin Patterson>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Jonathan Goldberg with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Just real quick, what is your at least qualitatively, 
what's your utilization of your plants in Taiwan right now and how are you thinking about that in regards to a declining 
PND market. Would you be able to – would you consider shutting down some of that capacity as needed? 

<A - Kevin Ruackman>: Well, I think the key question is a declining PND market, and we're saying that we're not 
looking at units, we're actually looking at flat to slight increases in unit volume. So we don't plan to do anything major 
there. We have the capacity that we need. Typically what we do is we scale up or scale down with our labor force and 
our production lines based on volumes. So I think we're in good shape now going in 2010 for what we need to do to 
support the business. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: I was asking in regards, some of your commentary in the press release about this being a 
maturing category, with time over the next few years how do you think about that capacity? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: Well, I think we would react to the market conditions and we did 
take some action about 15 to 18 months ago in our Taiwan factories when it appeared that demand was coming down 
and we took that action quickly from the amount of laborers and section workers that we had, but we're now back up 
and supporting that business. So I think we've proven over a 20 year history if we scale up and scale down to support 
whatever business we're in, whatever market we're in. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: Yep. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from Scott Sutherland with Wedbush Securities. 

<Q - Scott Sutherland>: Great, thank you and good morning. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: Hi, Scott. 

<Q - Scott Sutherland>: So a question on your, first question on your Auto/Mobile business, looking at slight unit 
growth, but 10% ASP decline, to get some slight growth to the higher end of your guidance there it looks like the other 
stuff like nüvifone and device OEM market needs to grow a bit. Can you talk about maybe as you exit this year and 
look at the following year what percentage of your Auto/Mobile is the device OEM or the, I'm sorry, the Auto OEM 
and the nüvifone market? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: I still think the majority of our expectation in 2010, now we 
haven't talked about 2011 at all, is still in the PND category we do have a, as Cliff mentioned, several hundred million 
that we'd be factoring in 2010 on revenue on the nüvifone. And OEM at this point is a relatively small part of our 
business, but we do have it growing. We don't break our segment down any further than what we've already given 
today. But I think we would see growth in Auto OEM, growth in nüvifone and, as we said, roughly flat market on the 
PND. 

<Q - Scott Sutherland>: Okay. Same questions on the competitive front, you mentioned competitive gains in Aviation 
and Marine, obviously we've seen some demise of competitors there. How much more do you think you can gain there 
from that issue and then maybe in Outdoor/Fitness are you seeing any increased competition there from other device 
and consumer electronic companies? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Well as I mentioned before, we see opportunities in 
both Aviation and Marine, Aviation and platforms that we're currently not represented on. As well as in Marine, we're 
growing our share in OEM. So we believe that there's solid opportunity in those areas. In Outdoor/Fitness it's driven, 
growth is driven basically on the new applications, particularly in the Fitness area, as well as some new applications in 
the Outdoor area. So in general, again, what we said before is we feel these markets are very good markets for us. 

<Q - Scott Sutherland>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from J.B. Groh with D. A. Davidson & Company. 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: Yes. Kevin, I had a question on maybe if you explained this before I apologize, but the strength in 
the Outdoor/Fitness margins in Q4, you talked about it being on I think on an annual basis being still being pretty 
strong. But what was there in Q4 in particular other than holiday, maybe some new products, what explains that very 
strong gross margin in Outdoor/Fitness in Q4? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: I think first of all, Outdoor/Fitness is not as price sensitive, so the 
prices did not come down like we see in a typical PND market, so pricing is not a factor. Comps did come down, so our 
margins were expanded that way, but primarily on the operating level it's just the fact that volumes were so much 
higher, we get that volume leverage on the operating margin line that we have often seen in some of our other 
segments. So that's the key driver, but it also points to just the success of the innovative products that we've brought to 
the market with some of the new running and cycling products that have been very popular, and they make great 
holiday season buys. 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: Okay. And then just a housekeeping item, do you have a D&A number for 2010 that's embedded in 
your guidance? 


<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. We don't expect that the D&A number to really move a 
whole lot during 2010. I think we had about $90 million in 2009, so I'd put it somewhere between 90 and 100 for 2010. 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Thomas Lee with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Thomas Lee>: Hi, thanks for taking my call. I just had a question, first question was just on your PND unit 
forecast for this year, I think you said flat to slightly up. It seems like you've maybe slightly tempered that because I 
thought in the past you thought the market could grow 10% and I just wanted to confirm that and secondly if you could 
just give some color in terms of maybe where you think relative to your prior expectations where you're seeing some 
potential softness heading into this year? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Yeah. I think this is a dynamic market. So we still 
feel that there's opportunity for growth, as I mentioned, in the North American markets as well as the emerging 
markets. Europe is a year and a half to two years ahead in terms of its cycle, and we do expect to see some declines 
there. So overall the picture is flat to slightly up. 

<Q - Thomas Lee>: Got it. And so then you expect the U.S. to grow, is that fair? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: That's correct. 

<Q - Thomas Lee>: Got it. And then just on the gross margin or gross or operating margins for your Auto/Mobile 
business, as you kind of think maybe three to five years down the road obviously the market is already kind of 
maturing, what do you see as kind of the steady state margins for this business? Do you have any sense in terms of 
where you think the floor could be? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: Well we were above 40%, I said 42% for last year and we're still 
looking at roughly 40 and 20 as the pricing declines moderate. Anybody who can say what that number is going to be 
three years out from now I think they're kidding themselves. So we don't see the decline or the margin compression 
continuing at the same rate as it has in the past two to three years. So I think still 40 and 20 still seem reasonable to us 
on gross and operating margins. 

<Q - Thomas Lee>: Even if, even as the market starts to mature and you start to see units decline at some point, you 
think you can maintain the 40 and 20 range for the. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. We believe so. 

<Q - Thomas Lee>: Got it. And then just a last question on your Outdoor/Fitness that was a, you've had a very strong 
quarter and it seemed like you exceeded your guidance by a wide margin. I think your guidance previously was flat 
year-on-year. I just wanted to kind of – if you can give a little bit color in terms of what drove this and then as a 
follow-on, I think, you're only guiding five to 10% growth in this business this year. Why couldn't it grow faster than 
that, given the strength that we saw in Q4? 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: Well I think we do have high hopes for that segment. I think there 
is some conservatism in our number, but quite honestly where Fitness was the one category that grew extremely fast 
last year. So we have a higher comp to go off in 2010, which makes it more difficult to show extremely high growth. 
But we still have, again, we're positive and optimistic on this segment. 

<Q - Thomas Lee>: Got it. Okay. Thank you. 


Operator 

And we'll take our final question from Ilya Grozovsky with Morgan Joseph. 

<Q - Ilya Grozovsky>: Hi, thanks, guys. I just had a question about what are you guys seeing in terms of the dynamic 
in the fourth quarter with Smartphone and the Google efforts and how has that, if any, impacted your business? 

<A - Clifton Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer>: Well again there's so many moving pieces in the 
market it's probably hard to isolate any one and say how much impact it had. I think in general we demonstrated good 
results in fourth quarter, which we're pleased with. I think that with all the awareness surrounding navigation I think 
truthfully there's some benefit that we received because everybody is thinking about it and looking for solutions that 
might suit their needs. 

<Q - Ilya Grozovsky>: Okay, thanks. 

<A - Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And we have no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to our presenters for any additional or closing 
remarks. 

Kerri Thurston, Investor Relations Manager 

Thank you all for joining us today. Kevin and I will be available for follow-up throughout the day today and the rest of 
the week. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you for your participation in the Garmin Limited Fourth Quarter 2009 Earnings Call. That concludes today's 
event. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


