Q1 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Kerri R. Thurston 
• Clifton A. Pemble 
• Kevin S. Rauckman 
Other Participants 

• Amir Rozwadowski 
• Charlie Anderson 
• Yair Reiner 
• Scott P. Sutherland 
• Mark Sue 
• Thomas D. Lee 
• Matt McKee MBA 
• James Faucette 
• Jonathan Goldberg 
• Woo Jin Ho 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day everyone and welcome to today's Garmin Limited First Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. As a reminder today's 
call is being recorded. And now at this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Miss Kerri Thurston. Please go ahead, 
ma'am. 

Kerri R. Thurston 

Thank you, Alan. Good morning. We'd like to welcome you to Garmin Limited's First Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. 
Please note that a copy of the press release concerning this earnings call is available at Garmin's Investor Relations site 
on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. Additionally, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet. Please note that 
this webcast does include slides, which can be viewed during this call. An archive of the webcast will be available until 
June 3rd, 2011. A transcript of the call will be available on our website under the Events Calendar tab. 

This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its 
business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market shares, product 
introductions, future demand for our products and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking 
events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur and actual results could differ materially as a 
result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K for the 
year-ended December 25th, 2010, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in February. 

Before beginning the call I wanted to make you aware that we have posted a supplemental schedule on our website at 
the IR Events Calendar entry for Q1 earnings. The schedule provides the segregated 2010 quarterly financial data for 
our Outdoor and Fitness segments, which were previously combined. This will assist you in modeling for the remainder 


of 2011. 

Attending today's call on behalf of Garmin Limited are Dr. Min Kao, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Cliff 
Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. 
Presenting today are Cliff and Kevin. At this point I'll turn the call over to Cliff. 

Clifton A. Pemble 

Thank you, Kerri, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining our call. As you've read from our press release this 
morning Garmin's first quarter results include 18% revenue growth and pro forma earnings per share growth of 13%. 
All business segments contributed to revenue growth, the Auto/Mobile segment achieving 20% revenue growth, and 
our traditional segments of Aviation, Marine, Outdoor and Fitness posting 16% revenue and 10% operating income 
growth on a combined basis. 

Strong revenue growth, coupled with lower effective tax rate allowed us to post $0.43 of pro forma EPS, which is a 
13% increase over first quarter of 2010. We sold 2.5 million units during the quarter, which is an 18% increase over 
prior year levels, driven primarily by the Fitness and Auto/Mobile segments. In addition, we generated $200 million in 
free cash flow during the quarter, resulting in a cash and marketable securities balance of just under $2.3 billion. 

Next we will take a closer look at the first quarter performance within each business segment, as well as provide a 
market and product update. 

Beginning with our Marine segment, we posted strong revenue growth of 24% as the industry is in recovery mode and 
sales are seasonally stronger heading into the boating season. Operating income grew 69% to $15 million as both gross 
and operating margins improved in the segment. We are excited to see our 2010 OEM announcements contributing to 
the growth and look forward to building on the momentum. 

Throughout 2011 we will continue to invest in research and development to expand our OEM presence. We will begin 
to leverage our strategic alliance with Volvo Penta, and new product offerings will target the large boat market, such as 
the recently announced GSM 23 and 24 black box digital sonars, which provide dramatically better performance 
through improved target separation and bottom tracking. We are confident we are well-positioned for the future in the 
Marine market with strong product offerings and improved market share as the industry continues in recovery mode. 

Next, turning to Aviation, we reported year-over-year revenue growth of 5%, which is in line with our full-year 
expectations. The recovery of the OEM market continues to lag that of the broader economy particularly for single 
engine and turboprop aircraft. Our growth was driven by higher end product sales within our retrofit and portable 
markets. Operating income declined 6% due to a slight decline in gross margins and increased research and 
development spending. While we hope to deliver growth in operating income in this segment, increased investment in 
research and development is required to complete certification of our new integrated flight decks on a number of 
aircraft platforms. This investment will be the foundation for growth in 2013 and beyond. 

Looking ahead, we expect to see some improvement in the OEM market in the second half of the year. We also expect 
new product launches such as the GTN 650 and 750 to be a significant contributor to our growth initiatives this year. 
These innovative new systems build on our highly successful GNS 430 and 530 product line, and are the first 
panel-mounted products to offer touch screen controls in the cockpit, setting a new standard for ease of use and 
performance in general aviation avionics. 

Also announced in the first quarter was the G2000 integrated flight deck, which builds on everything that pilots love 
about our G1000 system, while integrating new advanced features not previously available, including touch screen 
controls. 

In addition, we had a number of notable OEM wins in the helicopter market, including MD and Bell Helicopters, and 
aftermarket certifications for Robinson and Eurocopter. We anticipate that these new OEM opportunities and 
aftermarket certifications will begin to contribute revenue later this year. 


In the Outdoors segment, we posted revenue growth of 12% and operating income growth of 2%. Note that this is the 
first quarter where we have separated the results for our Fitness and Outdoor segments. The operating income growth 
was due to lower gross margins and higher operating costs, which Kevin will discuss in more detail. 

Contributing to growth in the first quarter were the GPSMAP 62, a high-end handheld that was introduced last summer, 
and our Astro Dog Tracking System, which continues to grow in popularity with hunters in both North America and 
Europe. We continue to focus on long-term growth opportunities by regularly updating our product lines with exciting 
new capabilities and by exploring new adjacent product opportunities, such as our recently launched GTU 10 tracking 
system. 

Next, we look at our rapidly growing Fitness segment, which recorded 30% revenue growth and 9% operating income 
growth. Similar to the Outdoor segment, operating margins were impacted by lower gross margins and increased 
operating costs. We were particularly pleased to see our strong demand for high-end cycling products in the European 
market, where the 2011 cycling season is off to a great start. We expect growth to continue for the remainder of 2011 as 
the global penetration of GPS-enabled running and cycling devices grows, and Garmin maintains our market 
leadership. 

Our newest product introduction in the running segment, the touch screen base Fourerunner 610, is expected to further 
expand our strong market position with serious runners. It offers an innovative design recognized by red dot and is 
packed with the best-in-class features. 

Turning next to the Auto/Mobile segment, in the first quarter we reported revenue growth of 20% driven primarily by 
OEM products and sales of the remaining mobile handset inventory. We are pleased that the PND category did show 
growth slightly over the depressed levels experienced in the first quarter of 2010. Profitability in the quarter was 
negatively impacted by low volumes, and the deferral of high-margin revenues, but we do expect profitability to 
improve as the year progresses. 

At the Geneva Auto Show in February, Garmin had strong positioning with five auto manufacturers, including Fiat, 
Aston Martin, Mini, Peugeot, and Honda. Garmin is positioned as a Tier 1 supplier on the Aston Martin Virage, where 
we provide a customized version of our GVN 54 black box navigation system. The Fiat Lancia Thema is based on the 
Chrysler 300 and features the uConnect system. 

In addition, we announced the opening of an office in the Detroit area dedicated to serving auto OEM customers. The 
office will be led by Matthew Munn, an industry veteran with 25 years of Tier 1 experience and a wealth of knowledge 
in the auto OEM market. We are excited about our expanding presence in Detroit as it will help us better serve existing 
opportunities and will be a key part of winning new opportunities in the future. 

And finally, in the PND market, we introduced a new line of truck products, the dezl navigator series. The dezl is 
specifically designed for over-the-road trucking customers, providing unique content and features such as the National 
Truck and Trailer Services Breakdown Directory, as well as fuel and mileage logging capabilities. While we 
experienced both revenue and unit growth in the PND market during the first quarter, this growth was largely due to 
relatively easy comparables from Q1 of last year. Market trends do remain negative and we do not expect this growth 
to continue. As previously forecast, we expect full-year segment revenue to decline 20%, which includes the impact of 
revenues we must defer as part of our map and traffic content programs. However, we are focusing on improved 
profitability over Q1 levels as the year progresses. 

As we look forward to the remainder of the year, we plan to build on our strong market leadership position in the PND 
market. Canalyst reported Garmin's Q4 2010 global market share at 38%, which was a sequential improvement from 
Q3 of 2010. We are confident we can gain share in both Europe and emerging markets as the market continues to 
consolidate. 

Finally, I'd like to recognize our associates, many of whom listen to this call. So, thanks for your hard work and 
dedication, which enabled us to achieve these results. This concludes my update for Q1, and Kevin will now walk us 
through the details of first quarter. Kevin? 


Kevin S. Rauckman 

Well thanks, Cliff, and good morning, everyone. During this portion of this morning's call I'd like to begin by walking 
through the income statement, then move to both segment revenue and margin, talk about our operating expenses 
during the quarter and finally, end with the balance sheet, and the cash flow. 

So first on the income statement, we posted revenue of $508 million for the quarter with net income of $96 million. 
Our pro forma EPS was $0.43 per share, which excludes a $12 million foreign currency gain. The revenues represent 
an increase of 18% year-over-year. Our gross margin came in at 46.9%, which was a 670 basis point decline from the 
prior year. Gross margin strength in the prior-year quarter was primarily related to the refined warranty estimates that 
reduced our costs by $22 million, or 510 basis points. Deferral of high margin revenues accounted for an additional 70 
basis points of gross margin decline during the quarter. 

Our operating margin was reported at 14.7%, down 460 basis points from 19.3% last year. This margin was driven by 
gross margin, which was 670 basis points unfavorable; our advertising, which was 10 basis points favorable, but up $3 
million on a year-over-year basis; SG&A costs, which were 130 basis points favorable, up $4 million on a 
year-over-year basis due primarily to our product support and marketing costs; and finally, R&D, which came in at 60 
basis points favorable, up $8 million on a year-over-year basis due to head count additions during the second quarter of 
last year. 

Our pro forma EPS of $0.43 represents a 13% increase year-over-year drive by revenue growth and a reduction in our 
effective tax rate to 1.5%, compared to 18% in the prior year. 

Finally, our units shipped were up 18% year-over-year as 2.5 million units were delivered during the quarter. Total 
company average selling price was $201 per unit, basically flat from $202 in the prior year. 

The non-GAAP measures that we reported this morning represent net income per share excluding the effects of foreign 
currency translation. This impact was $0.06 per share unfavorable during Q1 of 2011 and $0.19 per share favorable for 
Q1 2010. 

As mentioned in the fourth quarter a larger percentage of our PNDs now include lifetime map updates and we must 
defer revenue on these units according to U.S. GAAP. This table summarizes the net impact of the deferral and 
amortization of revenue and related costs in the first quarter of 2011 and 2010. In the current quarter we deferred 
approximately $0.09 of EPS into future periods, compared to $0.05 in the first quarter of 2010. While we are deferring 
revenue according to U.S. GAAP we are also collecting the cash each year, which has reflected positively in the 
statement of cash flows that I will review shortly. 

Moving next to revenue by segment and geography, beginning in Q1 2011 we've now reported on five segments with 
the previously combined Outdoor/Fitness becoming two independent segments. This decision reflects the ongoing 
growth in both markets, and the management structure within our organization. During Q1 we experienced a 20% 
revenue increase within the Auto/Mobile segment driven primarily by growth in our OEM business and sales of 
remaining Mobile handset inventory. However, PND revenue grew at 3% during the period. 

Our Outdoor segment continued to grow with a 12% revenue increase, when compared to Q1 of 2010. Business 
revenues grew 30%, when compared to Q1 2010, and global penetration in both Running and Cycling continues. 
Marine segment revenues increased 24%, compared to Q1 2010 as our OEM wins contributed to solid growth heading 
into the boating season. And finally, Aviation segment's revenues increased 5%, compared to Q1 of 2010. So, in total, 
revenues increased 18% during the quarter. 

Looking at the results by geography, we posted double-digit growth in all three regions with Europe and Asia 
outperforming the North American markets. There was no significant change in the mix of our revenues between the 
regions, compared to 2010. 

The Auto/Mobile segment represented a similar percent of revenues in both Q1 of 2011 and 2010, but the profitability 
of the segment changed due to depositive warranty entry in Q1 of 2010. Therefore, Auto/Mobile contributed only 3% 


of our operating income in Q1 2011, compared to 20% in the year-ago quarter. Each of the other segments contributed 
similar percentages of revenue when comparing 2011 to 2010, but each contributed more operating income than the 
prior year. The largest increase was Marine, which contributed 20% of the operating income this year, compared to 
only 11% in 2010. 

We expect our operating income to continue to be weighted toward our non-Auto/Mobile segments going forward, but 
not as dramatically as was seen in Q1. We expect the operating margins for Auto/Mobile to improve as we progress 
through the year due to increased volume leverage. 

Looking next at our margin by segment, Q1 Auto/Mobile gross margin and operating margin were 31% and 1%, 
respectively. This was a significant decline to 2010 levels due to the 2010 warranty refinement, and the deferral of high 
margin revenues. Q1 Outdoor gross margin was 62%, a decline from 65% in Q1 of 2010, again driven by the 2010 
warranty refinement. Operating margin was 37%, a decrease from 41% in the year-ago quarter due primarily to the 
gross margin decline. We expect improved margins as volumes increase in the second quarter within the Outdoor 
segment. 

Q1's Fitness gross margin was 60%, a slight decline to the gross margin of 62% in Q1 2010, again due to the 2010 
warranty refinement. Operating margin was 27%, a decrease from 33% in the year-ago quarter due to the gross margin 
decline, and the allocation of additional resources and associated costs in this high growth segment. Similar to Outdoor, 
we expect margin improvement with volume growth in the second quarter. 

Q1 Marine gross margin came in at 65%, compared to 59% in the year-ago quarter. Operating margin was 30%, up 
from 22% a year ago, driven primarily by the gross margin increase due to product mix and improved leverage of 
operating expenses due to the strong revenue growth in the segment. 

And finally, our first quarter Aviation gross margin was 69%. Operating margin was 26% for the quarter, flat 
sequentially and down from 29% in Q1 of 2010. The year-over-year decline was primarily driven by increased R&D 
costs as we work toward certification of a number of new products on numerous aircraft platforms. 

Our Q1 operating expenses increased $16 million on a year-over-year basis to $164 million, but decreased 200 basis 
points as a percentage of sales due to the revenue growth. R&D increased $8 million in Q1 due to head count increases 
in the second quarter a year ago, but decreased 60 basis points to 14% of sales. Our ad spending increased $3 million 
over the year-ago quarter and decreased by 10 basis points as a percentage of sales. The increase was driven by 
cooperative advertising due to the volume growth in Q1. 

SG&A increased $5 million, compared to the year-ago quarter, but decreased 130 basis points to 14% of sales. As 
previously mentioned this increase expense was primarily related to product support and marketing costs. 

Moving next to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of nearly $2.3 billion. Our 
accounts receivable decreased to $435 million as we collected on sales from the seasonally strong fourth quarter. 
Accounts receivable accounted for approximately 58 days of sales when calculated on the trailing four quarters, 
compared to 52 days of sales in first quarter of 2010. 

Our inventory balances increased slightly to $411 million on a sequential basis as we move into the seasonally stronger 
second quarter. During Q1 we increased our raw materials in response to the earthquake and tsunami in Japan. Our 
days of inventory metric was 119 days, consistent with inventory days at the end of 2010. We continue to take steps to 
slow production levels and ensure that working capital is maximized in 2011. Therefore, we ended Q1 with the 
following amounts and number of days of inventory: $135 million in raw materials or 36 days, $42 million in work in 
process on assemblies or 12 days, and $265 million in finished goods or 71 days. We ended the quarter with $31 
million in inventory reserves. We do expect to show a dividend payable on our balance sheet at the end of Q2 assuming 
we receive shareholder approval at our upcoming June annual meeting. 

As Cliff mentioned, we continued to generate strong cash flow across our business as cash from operations came in at 
$208 million during Q1. We spent $7 million on CapEx during the quarter; therefore, we generated free cash flow of 
$201 million. Cash flow from investing represented a $275 million use of cash during the quarter, with the primary 


drivers being the net purchase of marketable securities, and the $7 million in CapEx. Financing activities provided for 
$4 million of cash during Q1, and we earned an average of 1.3% return on all cash and marketable security balances 
during Q1. 

We expect our strong free cash flow generation to continue throughout 2011. We propose to use a portion of the cash 
flow to fund the dividend that will be decided at our June 3rd shareholder meeting, representing approximately $310 
million use of cash in 2011. We also continue to focus on possible tuck-in acquisitions, which fit with our core markets 
or serve adjacent markets. We've recently announced the acquisition of our distributor in the emerging market of South 
Africa. As has been Garmin's practice, acquisitions are evaluated by technology, values compatibility and strategic fit 
within Garmin. 

As I mentioned earlier, our tax rate for Q1 was 1.5%. The change in the effective tax rate, and the decrease in income 
tax expense were driven by the release of uncertain tax positions for Garmin Europe following the conclusion of taxing 
authority reviews of the 2008/2009 tax years and a change in methodology for uncertain tax position reserves following 
favorable audits in both 2010 and 2011. We now expect our 2011 full year tax rate to be approximately 12%. 

And I'd like to conclude at this time, on 2011 guidance. At this time, we are reiterating our full-year 2011 guidance. 
Our revenue range is still expected to be between $2.4 billion and $2.5 billion with earnings per share expectations 
between $2.25 and $2.50 per share. We will continue to watch business trends throughout our seasonally stronger 
second quarter and update guidance if necessary at that point. 

This concludes our formal remarks for the morning. We will now move to the Q&A. So, if you have a question, please 
indicate so and we'd love to answer. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Amir Rozwadowski at Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: Thank you very much, and good morning, folks. 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman>: Good morning, Amir. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: I was wondering if we could touch upon some of the growth that you folks had seen in 
your Auto/Mobile business. It seems as though you had some benefit from selling the last of the handsets, as well as on 
the in-dash initiatives that you've been doing. I was wondering if you could give us a little bit more color in terms of 
what the breakdown was or how we should think about sort of those other initiatives that have helped bolster that 
revenue growth. 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman>: Well, yes, you're right. We did see growth in both the Mobile handset as T-Mobile sold 
through the remainder of, most of the remainder of that inventory. We don't disclose that amount, but we had earlier 
planned on selling that in Q2, and it actually got moved into Q1. And then the OEM business continued to do well and 
grew over 20%; the Auto OEM grew over 20% on a year-over-year basis. And then as we mentioned in our formal 
remarks, the PND space actually grew 3% on a year-over-year level. So, growth in all three of those sub-segments of 
the Auto/Mobile business. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: Okay. That's helpful. And then if we think about sort of the cost structure with that 
business now, it seems as though you're investing in order to drive some of your in-dash initiatives. How should we 
think about the cost structure versus the Q1 levels? I mean, you expect them to grow it seems like through the course of 
the year, but I was wondering if you could give us a little bit of color of what type of band we should think about. 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman>: Yes. I think we don't expect to give margin guidance in each of our segments. However, 
we expect that the Q1 margins in the Auto/Mobile in particular, at the low point for the year. I would say in general, if 
you want to model the entire Auto/Mobile segment, it would be somewhere around low double-digits for that entire 


segment, and that would be a combination of all three, primarily the OEM, and then the PND business. 

<Q - Amir Rozwadowski>: Great. Thanks very much for the incremental color, Kevin. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Charlie Anderson at Dougherty and Company. 

<Q - Charlie Anderson>: Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. So, just to jump quick on the 
guidance, Kevin, you guys are going to benefit from a lower tax rate, and you had a bigger Q1 here than some of us 
were thinking. So, I wonder if you could tell us about sort of the puts and takes there. Do you have kind of lower 
margins baked into that guidance with the lower tax rate? 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman>: Yes. Definitely the tax rate will help cut quite a bit on the full year numbers, but we're still 
within the band that we gave earlier. And it's pretty customary for us to wait until we get through at least the first half 
of the year before we adjust guidance. So, we want to get through this seasonally stronger second quarter to confirm 
that we end up with the profitability that we would expect. And again, with the increased volume, we're expecting 
operating margins across pretty much all segments to increase during Q2, and then we'll just probably evaluate and 
communicate to you all where we stand after Q2. 

<Q - Charlie Anderson>: Great. And then I've got a question for Cliff. Cliff, you guys have continued to spend very 
healthy R&D dollars. As I recall before the dawn of the PND, you guys used to talk about a number of new products 
each year, and I wonder if we could look at your traditional segments, where you guys are trending on the new products 
on a year-over-year basis. And if you could just give commentary on how you're doing on product developments in 
each of your markets and if there's any adjacent markets you might enter this year. Thanks. 

<A - Clifton A. Pemble>: Yes. I think our cadence in all of our traditional markets, Charlie, have been pretty much on 
pace or exceeding that of last year. Our Outdoor market we've had a lot of refreshes this year. We also introduced the 
GTU 10, which is an adjacent market entry, and those are things that we continue to focus on in all of our markets in 
terms of finding new areas to apply our capabilities. We don't have an exact number for you in terms of all the different 
market segments. We could certainly follow up later with you, but we are continuing that trend in every market 
segment. 

<Q - Charlie Anderson>: Great. Thanks so much. 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Next we have a question from Yair Reiner of Oppenheimer. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: Yes. Just first a clarification on the guidance. Your operating income and operating margin 
guidance hasn't changed, but just calculating the difference in the taxes it seems like just mathematically the EPS 
guidance should be $0.10 to $0.15 higher than it previously was. Where is my math wrong here? 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman>: I think what we're, again, to the point that I responded to Charlie is that we would expect 
our operating margin to increase as we get into Q2 and beyond, but it's just too early for us to have the confidence to be 
able to raise any guidance at this point. So, you're not really wrong, it's just wait and see until we get through the 
seasonally strong Q2. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: Got it. Great. And then could you maybe comment on what you're seeing in terms of channel 
inventories for the PND segment? Are they at levels that you're comfortable with? And then looking past that, any early 
indications of retailers' commitments and plans for the PND segment for the holiday season? 


<A - Kevin S. Rauckman>: What we did see across the board, both North America, Europe and Asia, an increase in 
the sell-in. If you recall, Q1 last year, on the PND market was very weak so I think the sell-through data that we're 
seeing from our major retailers is, in fact, still declining. So, I think what we've seen is sell-in outpacing sell-through 
just due to the Q1 timing last year to this year. In terms of the retailers, you want to comment on that, Cliff? 

<A - Clifton A. Pemble>: Yes, retailers are planning for Q4 promotions, and they seem committed to the category, 
although, as you know, many of them are reducing the amount of shelf space that they offer. But it's still a very strong 
category for them, and there's a lot of activity to plan for Q4. At the store level, we're hearing a lot of feedback 
particularly in North America that inventory is somewhat light, and we're moving into dads and grads season where 
there'll be additional sell-in and stocking for the gift buying season. 

<Q - Yair Reiner>: Thank you. 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Scott Sutherland at Wedbush Securities. 

<Q - Scott P. Sutherland>: Great. Thank you, and good morning. 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman>: Good morning, Scott. 

<Q - Scott P. Sutherland>: First on the Outdoor, and the Fitness segments, with your margins there, and mainly in the 
Fitness, seeing some competitive products out there, what do you think your long-term sustainability of the margins are 
in that segment? 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman>: I think our sustainability is good. We will see the category probably come down some as 
we introduce lower-end products. I would point out though that we offer products today that are in the $130, $140 
range in the Fitness segment, which are competing very nicely out there, and are below the levels of where the 
competition is coming in. We feel confident in the category that we can have strong margins and continuous market 
share leadership. 

<A - Clifton A. Pemble>: And just one other follow-up point to that, Scott. If you look at the numbers that Kerri 
mentioned that we've now posted out to our website, they suggest that our Fitness operating margin last year was just a 
little under 39%. We're still expecting operating margins in the high 30s as we go through 2011 in that segment. 

<Q - Scott P. Sutherland>: Okay. You had good growth in the Auto OEM segment. I think you said greater than 20%. 
But how material is that now into Auto/Mobile? 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman>: I think during our last earnings call we commented that it was somewhere around just a 
little under $100 million business. It's still growing rapidly and we have some new business that we're excited about, 
some that's been announced, some that's been unannounced. 

<Q - Scott P. Sutherland>: Okay. Last question for you, Kevin. So, the tax rate is going to be 12% total this year, so it 
looks like around close to 15% for the remainder of the year. How shall we model looking out to 2012 for taxes? 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman>: I would just put that in evenly at that same rate throughout each, Q2 through Q4. 

<Q - Scott P. Sutherland>: Okay. Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Next we'll take a question from Mark Sue at RBC Capital Markets. 


<Q - Mark Sue>: Thank you. The PND segment seems to be showing some resilience. So, I'm just wondering what's 
behind some of that stabilization. And what's the working assumption for the balance of the year? And also, if there's 
some thoughts of leading the consolidation in that business in that segment for the industry? 

<A - Clifton A. Pemble>: So again, Mark, we did take some pretty easy comparables from Q1 of last year where the 
channel inventory was much higher than what we had this year. And so that's kind of distorting the situation a little bit. 
As Kevin mentioned, the sell-through at the retailer level continues to show decline, particularly in the North American 
market more severely than the European market. I would say that our situation in Europe, they probably don't have the 
same kind of Q4 dynamic as what we have here in the U.S., so as a result, our sell-in in Europe has actually been 
positive growth in single-digits. But that is probably a reflection of market share gain in that market. 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman>: And one other comment there. Our expectations on the overall market really haven't 
changed. We're still looking at the overall industry to be down on units about 10% year-over-year, and the ASPs that 
we communicated I think in our fourth quarter conference call, somewhere in the single-digits, 5% to 10% decline on 
ASPs. So, there's really no change that we see in the overall market at this point. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Any thoughts of – any benefits of consolidating the market? Or at this point, it's more about just 
seeing if you can improve the margins for the business? 

<A - Clifton A. Pemble>: Well, there are third-tier players that are struggling and leaving the market in various places, 
and we do expect to pick up share from them, as well as overall market share gains as the market moves towards two 
main players. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Got it. And then on the Automotive segment, is the process still model-by-model? Or can we get to a 
point where you can win a large OEM all at once? And maybe just your long-term thoughts on scale of the business in 
Automotive? 

<A - Clifton A. Pemble>: I think the business can be either way. I think that the business that we've talked about so far 
with Chrysler for example, is really more than model-by-model. It's across a range of models, but it can also be within 
a model. But so far what we've experienced, it's more broader business. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Got it. Thank you, and good luck, gentlemen. 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman>: Thanks. 

Operator 

And next take a question from Thomas Lee at Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Thomas D. Lee>: Hi. Thanks for taking my call. A few questions. So, one, I was just wondering if you're seeing 
any impact from Japan, and how much of this is baked into your guidance. 

<A - Clifton A. Pemble>: Yes, Thomas, I think we've seen some impact from components that are in tighter supply 
because of the Japanese earthquake situation. We've mostly been able to mitigate that through our safety stock strategy, 
and there are some longer lead times on some of our products as a result. But mostly, we've been able to work through 
that without a lot of impact. 

<Q - Thomas D. Lee>: And which segments does that mostly impact? 

<A - Clifton A. Pemble>: There's been some impact in Aviation, as well as Auto OEM. 

<Q - Thomas D. Lee>: Okay. Got you. And then moving to Outdoor, Fitness. I think, Kevin, you mentioned on the 
last earnings call that you expect Outdoor to grow about 5% for this year, and then Fitness 25%. Just curious, is that 
still the target? 


<A - Kevin S. Rauckman>: Yes. Our expectation is, yes. The fact that we haven't changed our full-year guidance 
really holds that those numbers are still intact. So, Outdoor, we'd still expect to be a 5% growth business, and Fitness 
25% revenue growth. 

<Q - Thomas D. Lee>: Got you. And then two questions on your Auto/Mobile business. So, I know you said last year 
for Automotive was about $100 million. Just curious, for the quarter it seemed like that was, at least the way I looked at 
it, exceeded maybe your internal expectations. I was wondering if that's true, and how big do you think that business 
can be this year? 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman>: Well, I think we hadn't given a detailed breakdown of that. I'd say in general our Auto 
OEM business was on track with what we had expected going in. And really what we're working now is to generate 
new business for the future. Many of the deals that we're going after now, however, wouldn't impact 2011. They'd be 
two years down the road, or two to three years down the road. But in general, we're on track, if not a little bit ahead of 
our expectations going into Q2. 

<Q - Thomas D. Lee>: Got it. And then, are margins materially higher for that segment than let's say PND? Perhaps 
maybe even closer to some of your other segments? 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman>: They have been historically, but in Q1 there was not a significant difference between 
those two. No. 

<Q - Thomas D. Lee>: Got you. And then just last question. More broadly, just wondering, obviously it was a tough 
margin quarter for Auto/Mobile. I just was wondering what gives you the confidence that that business won't turn into a 
loss-making business? Obviously I know you said that you expect somewhere low double-digits for this year, but it 
seemed like it was teetering on the edge of breakeven this quarter. 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman>: I think what we typically see, first of all, we have a pretty good handle on the operating 
expenses within the business, and then it's just down to the seasonally stronger volume. So, I think that always helps. If 
you look at what we've seen Q1 to Q2 typically we do get a margin pick-up, not just in Auto/Mobile, but in many of 
our other segments. So, that's what we're expecting going into as we close out Q2. 

<Q - Thomas D. Lee>: Got you. Okay. Well, thank you very much. 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And next we'll go to Matt McKee from Morgan Keegan. 

<Q - Matt McKee MBA>: Thanks, guys. It's actually been answered. 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We'll go next to James Faucette of Pacific Crest. 

<Q - James Faucette>: Thank you very much. I wanted to ask a question quickly on Marine. Obviously, showing 
reasonably good growth there consistent with your outlook coming into the year. I'm wondering if you can help us 
separate out how much of that growth is coming from just the seasonal increase and improvement in Marine and versus 
how much is due to ramping at OEM design wins that you won previously. 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman>: Well, I think with the strong Marine growth, we actually saw growth in both segments or 
sub-segments of that business. So, as we mentioned and Cliff mentioned the Marine OEM strategy appears to be 
working. We've had some pretty good wins that have contributed to a significant increase. The overall Marine segment 


still is dominated by the aftermarket so the retrofit market, but we have seen increases in the OEM business from Q1 to 
Q1. So, I think we're pleased with I think growth in both of those and we have high expectations that our Marine OEM 
will continue to generate a higher mix or higher percentage of our refills in the future. 

<Q - James Faucette>: Great. And then how are you feeling about, and what are the retailers, et cetera talking about in 
terms of going into this boating season? It seems like historically that that business has been pretty correlated to fuel 
prices and with fuel prices all-time high it would seem like that there might be a little more caution than there is right 
now. So, I'm just looking for a little color as to where their confidence lies, and what they're looking for either 
positively or negatively. 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman>: I think, James, that's probably a concern of ours. So far, our retailers and customers have 
not raised any flags on that. So far, the one explanation that we've heard is that consumers kind of got over the initial 
shock of $4 plus gas three years ago and are shrugging this one off a little bit more than what they did back then. I 
think, though, there's some practical limit in terms of when it will really start to have an impact, and so that is a factor 
that we're concerned about. 

<Q - James Faucette>: Great. And then finally, lastly, more of an accounting question, just wondering how much if 
any deferred revenue there is on the auto-specific products, particularly what's going into in-dash versus how much of 
the deferrals are from just the core PND business, et cetera? 

<A - Clifton A. Pemble>: Yes, at this point, our deferred revenue is exclusive to the PND. We have not identified any 
deferred component on the Auto OEM piece. 

<Q - James Faucette>: That's great. Helpful. Thank you very much. 

<A - Clifton A. Pemble>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And next, we'll go to Jonathan Goldberg at Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: Hi. Quick question on Aviation. I don't think we've touched on that yet. Could you give us 
an update there and give us a sense of what's the largest plane you're selling into now? And how is the overall market 
shaping up? 

<A - Clifton A. Pemble>: I think in terms of the largest OEM aircraft that we're in today is the Phenom 300 Class, 
which is considered a Part 23 Class 4. It's technically equivalent to a Part 25 mid-size business jet. And we also have 
some retrofit business in some citation jets, as well as larger king aircraft. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: And can you just give some color, further color on the market? 

<A - Clifton A. Pemble>: The OEM market in general has continued to be soft. I think we have always expected it to 
be something that lagged the broader economy. People in the industry, aircraft OEMS, and the experts are feeling more 
confident that by the end of the year or into early 2012 there should be a knowable or detectable increase in OEM 
activity that is encouraging. So, we're still kind of waiting for that turnaround. 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman>: And in our earlier guidance, it was given 5% revenue growth for the year and that's what 
we achieved in Q1, so pretty much on track for the full year expectation at this point. 

<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: Are you seeing any divergence between the OEM market, and the retrofit, the aftermarket 
build? Or are the trends tracking each other? 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman>: Yes, the retrofit has been improving and of course, some of that's driven by new products 
and technology innovations there, particularly our GTN series. But retrofit is definitely an early indicator that there's 
some increased activity. 


<Q - Jonathan Goldberg>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

And next we'll go to Charlie Anderson at Dougherty & Company. 

<Q - Charlie Anderson>: Yes, just a couple quick follow-ups. Kevin, on the tax rate I think you addressed the rest of 
the year, but 2012. Did you have a thought there on the more you had? 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman>: Anyone that can predict taxation past one year is pretty, pretty good. No, we don't have 
any expectations at this point. In the past we've said we're going to remain between 15% and 20%, but I think it's too 
early to tell. We'll give you further guidance as we go through the year. 

<Q - Charlie Anderson>: Okay. Fair enough. And then just seasonally in Q2 you're typically up anywhere between 
30% and 40% sequentially in the Outdoor/Fitness piece, and then you've got a new product release by one of your 
competitors. I just wonder how you think about that in Q2 relative to the prior years. 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman>: Just between Outdoor and Fitness, the sequential growth, is that what 


<Q - Charlie Anderson>: Well, we've only seen it consolidated in the past, up typically 30% to 40% sequentially Q2 
versus Q1. Just wondering this year how you feel about that typical seasonal pattern given the competitive runners 
watch out there. 

<A - Kevin S. Rauckman>: We don't have any plans to break down Q2 expectations on guidance. So, again we do see 
sequential growth in every one of our segments or flat or sequential growth, but I can't quantify whether 30% to 40% 
makes sense or not. 

<Q - Charlie Anderson>: Fair enough. Thanks so much. 

Operator 

And we'll take our last question from Woo Jin Ho at Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Woo Jin Ho>: Great. Thank you. Cliff, can you just talk a little bit about the PND, and the connected device mix 
versus the non-connected mix? 

<A - Clifton A. Pemble>: Yes. Woo Jin, our connected devices have been a smaller part of the overall market. They 
actually seem to be more attractive to customers in Europe where they're looking for improved reception of the traffic 
signal, which the RDS signal in some locations is not so good, but in North America they haven't been a factor. 

<Q - Woo Jin Ho>: Got it. And in terms of the Auto OEM investments that you made recently, how should we read 
into that? Is that more confidence that you had in terms of the pipeline that's developing there? Or is it more of an 
investment to develop the sales leads and develop the pipeline? 

<A - Clifton A. Pemble>: It's really definitely more investment in developing sales leads. We do have a lot of activity 
with our local partners in Detroit and even for those that aren't manufacturing-centric around the Detroit area, most 
major OEMs have offices there. So, it's a way for us to be able to better serve those opportunities and be able to 
generate new business. 

<Q - Woo Jin Ho>: In that vein, should we expect the investments in Auto OEM to increase much like we're seeing in 
the Marine, as well as the Avionic side of the business? 

<A - Clifton A. Pemble>: Yes. I think that's a good way to think about it. The investment in these programs is 
significant and some of them take years to develop. So, they do require an upfront investment. 

<Q - Woo Jin Ho>: Great. Thank you. 


<A - Clifton A. Pemble>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And with no further questions in the queue, I'd like to turn the call back over to our speakers for any additional or 
closing remarks. 

Clifton A. Pemble 

As usual, thank you all, for participating. We look forward to updating you on our business as we go forward, and that 
concludes our remarks. Take care. Bye. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


