Q4 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Deborah R. Gordon, Vice President, Investor Relations 
• Robert Cascella, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Glenn P. Muir, Executive Vice President of Finance and Administration; Chief Financial Officer 
• Steve Williamson 
Other Participants 

• Tom Kouchoukos 
• Sameer Harish 
• Jayson Bedford 
• David Lewis 
• Josh Jennings 
• Tycho Peterson 
• David Clair 
• Amit Bhalla 
• Amit Hazan 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon, and welcome to the Hologic Incorporated Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2010 Earnings Conference 
Call. My name is Rebecca and I'm your operator for today's call. Today's call is being recorded. All lines have been 
placed on mute. 

I would now like to introduce Deborah Gordon, Vice President, Investor Relations, to begin the call. 

Deborah R. Gordon, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thank you, Rebecca. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us for Hologic's fourth quarter and fiscal year 2010 
earnings conference call. I encourage everyone to visit Hologic's Investor Relations page of our website in order to 
view the PowerPoint presentation related to the comments that Glenn Muir, Hologic's Chief Financial Officer, will be 
making in his opening remarks. 

The replay of this conference call will be archived on our website through Friday, November 26. Please also note that a 
copy of the press release discussing our fourth quarter and fiscal 2010 results, as well as our first quarter and fiscal 
2011 guidance, is available in the Investor Relations section of our website under the heading Financial Results. 

Before we begin, I would like to remind you of our Safe Harbor statements. Certain statements made by management 
of Hologic, Inc. during the course of this conference call may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning 
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown 
risks, uncertainties, and other factors, which may cause actual results, performance, or achievements of Hologic to be 
materially different from future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking 
statements. Such factors include, among others, those detailed from time to time in the company's filings with the 


Securities and Exchange Commission. We expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to publicly release any 
updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any change in our expectations or any change in 
events, conditions, or circumstances on which any such statement is based. 

Also during this call, we will be discussing certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with Generally 
Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the related 
GAAP financial measures can be found in Hologic's fourth quarter 2010 earnings release, including the financial tables 
in the release. 

Please note that today's call will consist of 30 minutes of opening remarks, followed by a 30-minute 
question-and-answer session. We therefore, ask each participant to please limit his or her question to just one, with one 
follow-up as necessary. We do appreciate you may have additional questions, so please feel free to go back into the 
queue, and if time permits, we'll be more than happy to take your additional questions. 

Before I turn the call over to Rob Cascella, I would like to remind you that Hologic management will be presenting at 
our annual Investor Meeting on November 30th at 8 a.m. at RSNA in Chicago. The presentation will be webcast, and 
the details may be found on the IR section of our website. 

With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Cascella, President and Chief Executive Officer. 

Robert Cascella, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Deb. Good afternoon, and thank you for dialing into our conference call. Joining me on the call is Glenn Muir, 
our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Steve Williamson, our General Manager of our GYN 
Surgical Group; and David Harding, our General Manager of our International operations. 

I will briefly review our quarterly performance highlights, then Glenn will discuss the financials for the quarter in 
greater detail and provide guidance for Q1 and fiscal '11. I will conclude with a brief look beyond 2011, and we'll then 
open up the call for Q&A. 

We're extremely pleased that in light of a difficult economy and a seasonally slow quarter, our revenues exceeded 
guidance. Revenues for the quarter were 428 million, compared to a range of $415 to $420 million. Revenue growth 
over the fourth quarter of last year was greater than 6%, indicating a steady acceleration in growth from both prior year 
and prior quarter. 

Earnings for the quarter on a non-GAAP basis were $0.30, versus $0.28 from a year ago, and in line with our guidance. 
And for the year, our revenues were 1.68 billion, an increase of approximately 3%, when compared to last year, and 
earnings for the year on a non-GAAP basis were $1.18, compared to $1.17 from prior year. Glenn will provide a bit 
more detail on our financial performance, and what I'd like to do now is provide some operating highlights for our 
business segments. 

Breast Health saw strong revenue in the quarter. In addition to service, we are seeing increased sales of our Dimensions 
systems fueled by both replacements in the U.S. and tomo abroad. ASPs are running relatively flat, with a lower end 
Selenia pricing being offset by increased Dimensions. An example would be that in the U.S., customers are either 
buying very low-end systems, or they're purchasing our Dimensions product. We believe that this trend will continue 
into fiscal '11. 

In addition to mammography, our Breast Biopsy business continued to grow despite declining screening volumes. We 
saw continued adoption of our Eviva product, and in fact, saw share gains as well. Although Sentinelle contributed 
little in the terms of revenue for the quarter since they were only a part of the company for the last seven weeks, we are 
pleased with the progress that we've made with respect to integration, sales training, and marketing support. 

Finally, you're most likely aware that the FDA has officially down-classified the regulatory requirements for 2D digital 
mammography. Effective sometime in early December, 2D digital will require a 510k submission rather than a PMA. 
This will certainly make it easier for other mammography vendors to gain approval in the U.S. Our belief, quite 


frankly, is that it's too late. The installed base is already heavily penetrated, and without tomo capabilities, which 
remains under PMA, such vendors will have limited success. Moreover, many of these vendors are those that we 
compete against in existing markets where they have limited success in their in-country or foreign markets. 

Diagnostic continues to be impacted by fewer office visits, which we relate largely to unemployment at this time. An 
important note, however, is that we believe that this business is stabilizing for the near to mid-term and that we have 
not lost market share. In fact, International continues to show growth, even though it was impacted by a seasonally 
slow quarter. 

The decline in our Diagnostic business was partially offset by strong growth in our Cervista HPV product, which was 
up 17% sequentially. We believe we continue to take market share, and that the sales growth will continue to accelerate 
over fiscal '11. 

For GYN Surgical, growth has been fueled by continued adoption of our Adiana system, as well as modest increases 
for NovaSure. We are pleased with the progress made with Adiana and believe our market share for the quarter has 
approached mid-teens. We have several hundred physicians currently performing procedures, and continue to train 
physicians, with thousands registered to be trained over the next fiscal year. In addition, we have signed a national 
Adiana agreement with Planned Parenthood that used to be a sole-sourced agreement. More importantly, our reorder 
rate is consistent with our expectations for our new product. Adoption is fueled by giving women a choice between 
permanent contraception technologies, and they choose Adiana because it's more patient-friendly. 

Finally, we continue to make steady improvement in Adiana yields, and have built up sufficient buffer stock to meet 
our increasing demand, and to prevent any backorders. Overall, we believe that Surgical will remain a strong growth 
driver to Hologic over fiscal '11. 

For Skeletal Health. As discussed earlier, the bone business has benefited by favorable changes in reimbursement, 
coupled with a stronger replacement cycle in acute care. We believe this demand will continue for bone densitometry 
on into fiscal '11. 

Moving on to some points of interest, I'd first like to provide an update on tomo. We're extremely pleased with the 
outcome of our FDA panel review, which was held on the 24th of September. As you may already know, the panel 
voted unanimously that the Dimensions tomo system was both safe and effective, and that the benefits of the new 
system outweighed its risk. In addition, the panel felt the product was appropriate for both screening and diagnostic 
mammography. We believe that we're finally on a path for approval in fiscal '11. We have supplied the FDA with 
additional materials requested from the panel meeting, which is currently under review by the Agency. We anticipate 
the FDA will schedule a facility inspection prior to approval. As you may recall, this is a PMA product, which requires 
an inspection of the facility that it will be manufactured at. 

In the meantime, we're diligently working on developing comprehensive physician training. We believe this to be 
essential to the adoption of this product. These programs will be complementary to our efforts abroad, where we have 
been shipping the product for over a year. 

We are planning our reimbursement strategy, and are progressing down multiple paths, including discussions with 
CMS, ACR, and major private payers. We believe this technology will gain reimbursement on the basis that it will find 
more cancers, therefore, it will save more lives, and it will reduce unnecessary recalls, saving significant health care 
dollars. 

Since it's difficult to predict the FDA timeline, we've excluded the impact of U.S.-based tomo revenues from our 
guidance for fiscal '11. But as stated earlier, we also believe the adoption of tomo will be gradual for the coming fiscal 
year, requiring reimbursement and broader clinical validation. However, we do believe the benefits of this technology 
are compelling, and in fact, are more compelling than that which fueled the conversion of analog to digital 
mammography. 

I will now provide an update on the progress made with Sentinelle Medical. For those that don't recall, Sentinelle's 
products include custom MR coils, patient positioning, and MR-CAD solutions, all extremely solid fits with our 


existing sales call patterns. We already sell MR-CAD software in the breast suite and biopsy products for MR 
interventions. As a point of interest, we are the number one company in this market for MR-guided biopsies. 

The acquisition was completed in early August of this year, and yet already, we have fully trained our sales force, 
converted our accounting systems and customer support systems to our enterprise platform. As a data point, Sentinelle's 
trailing 12-month revenues were approximately $20 million, and we are expecting nearly a 50% growth for these 
products in fiscal '11. 

Lastly, I will speak to some important incremental investments that we will be making this year that will serve as 
catalysts to drive our future growth. All of these incremental investments are included in our FY '11 guidance, which 
Glenn will comment on in detail. 

The first of our investments will support the successful commercialization of tomo, particularly in the areas of funding 
clinical trials in Europe and establishing a strong basis for reimbursement in the U.S. The studies in Europe are 
necessary to gain public sector support of tomo in various European markets, which would accelerate our product's 
adoption rate. In the U.S., we are conducting activities to support our efforts to broaden claims for tomo, as well as to 
gain reimbursement. 

The next area of investment pertains to our international expansion. We plan to build out our international 
infrastructure and management resources, particularly in emerging markets like China, Brazil, and Eastern Europe. We 
are adding sales, service, and marketing support personnel, incremental senior management, and regulatory specialists 
to accelerate in-country product registration processes. 

Finally, I am very excited to announce, in fiscal 2011, we are launching a direct-to-consumer awareness campaign 
targeting NovaSure. While we were pleased with the NovaSure business growth in fiscal '10, the market nonetheless 
remains substantially underpenetrated. We have spent the last two years in preparing the market by way of making it 
easier for physicians to perform this procedure in the office. We believe this is fundamental to market development. 
NovaSure needs to be the first line of defense for women suffering from AUB. We believe that we have now achieved 
the critical mass necessary to launch this bold, strategic initiative. 

The focus of the DTC campaign is to raise awareness among women that a permanent, curative solution to excessive 
menstrual bleeding is now available in their doctor's office that can be performed in less than five minutes. We believe 
this is a powerful message. We have already found this to be extremely effective in a few small pilot studies conducted 
over the last year. You can expect to see consumer advertising begin in print, online, and social media, as well as 
television and other media forms, beginning in our fiscal second quarter. 

The combined financial impact of all of these programs will be approximately $20 million of incremental expense in 
fiscal '11. 

In summary, I'm very encouraged about Hologic's performance for the quarter, and the year. We managed the business 
through an extremely difficult time, and believe we have much to be pleased with. Number one, our FDA panel review, 
and the favorable results from same; our market share gains across multiple lines of business; our solid growth in 
Breast Health; the much more rapid adoption of Adiana than expected; and our consistent quarter-over-quarter 
double-digit growth for Cervista. 

Looking forward, we are building the foundation for the future, and following Glenn's update, I'll spend a few minutes 
providing my outlook on our long-term vision, and the strategy for how we're going to get there. 

I'd now like to turn the call over to Glenn. 

Glenn P. Muir, Executive Vice President of Finance and Administration; Chief 
Financial Officer 


Thank you, Rob. Consolidated revenues came in just slightly above our expectations, primarily as a result of the strong 
performance in our Breast Health segment, led by service, which was up 14 million, or 25% year-over-year. In 
addition, Breast Health benefited from the inclusion of MRI coil sales of 2.4 million from our recent acquisition of 
Sentinelle Medical. 

However, sales in our GYN Surgical and Diagnostic segments were more challenged, as patient office visits continue 
to be down due to lingering economic uncertainty. At the same time, sales of our two new products in these segments, 
the Adiana permanent sterilization system and Cervista's HPV test, continue to increase nicely. 

I would like to add that our mix of domestic and international sales was 80% and 20%, consistent with prior quarters. 
Our mix of disposable versus capital equipment sales was 75% and 25%, respectively. And our foreign currency 
translation had a modest negative impact of 2.7 million, which was slightly above 0.5% year-over-year on our reported 
revenues. This was primarily within the Breast Health and Diagnostic segments. 

Turning to the rest of the P&L, our gross margins on a non-GAAP basis were 61.1%, down 50 basis points from last 
year, and up 90 basis points from the third quarter. The gross margins were at the high end of our guidance range of 
60% to 61%. Even though revenues came in higher than expectations, gross margins remained in line, due chiefly to, 
first, better-than-expected revenues from Breast Health, particularly capital equipment and service, which both carry 
lower margins than our corporate average. And second, although continuing to improve, we are still experiencing 
sub-optimal yields and scrap on our Adiana manufacturing line, resulting in margin pressures. And then third, we did 
have lower ThinPrep volumes in the U.S., which is a higher-than-average gross margin product. 

Our non-GAAP gross margins do exclude 40.9 million of amortization of intangibles in the fourth quarter of fiscal 
2010, and 39.2 million in the prior-year fourth quarter. Also in the quarter, we have excluded the 123 million in 
impairment charges. 

Regarding operating margins, our expenses continued to be well controlled. Operating expenses on a non-GAAP basis 
exclude a few charges that I will discuss in a minute, and totaled 125.2 million, an increase of 6.6%, compared to last 
year. This expense was above our guidance range of 118 to 121 million. However, the increase primarily resulted from 
the inclusion of Sentinelle Medical from the date of acquisition on August 5th. 

We continue to invest in R&D, and reported a ratio of 6.4% as a percent of revenues in Q4 of 2010, as compared to 
6.1% in Q4 of last year. 

Concerning certain charges that we excluded from non-GAAP expenses, in the fourth quarter, we primarily excluded 
an impairment charge of 220.2 million, of which 123.4 million was recorded within cost of sales, and 96.8 million was 
included within operating expenses. We also excluded amortization of intangibles of 14.1 million from operating 
expenses. 

Regarding the impairment, we recorded a non-cash charge to write down goodwill and certain intangibles relating to 
our MammoSite reporting unit, which we acquired in the acquisition of Cytyc in October 2007. The full impact falls 
entirely within Breast Health. This one-time write-down is a result of our re-evaluation of the total market opportunity 
for breast brachytherapy. 

While we continue to believe our MammoSite Multi-Lumen product will continue to take share, our re-examination of 
the overall market potential for this product, and for all competing technologies in this space, has resulted in our 
determination that the market is smaller than we originally had anticipated. This charge is also excluded from our 
calculation of non-GAAP adjusted net income. 

Turning to our charge for convertible debt, as we have previously discussed, in the first quarter of fiscal 2010, we 
adopted a new standard that changed the accounting for convertible debt instruments with cash settlement features. The 
charge resulting from the adoption of this accounting guidance was 18.7 million this quarter, versus 17.3 million in the 
fourth quarter of last year. This non-cash interest expense charge has been excluded from our non-GAAP net income 
for all periods presented. 


Absent the impairment, the acquisition-related and other charges to are pre-tax income this quarter was 125.3 million, 
versus pre-tax earnings of 115 million in Q4 of '09. Using our annual effective tax rate of 36.2%, non-GAAP net 
income was 79.3 million, versus non-GAAP net income of 73 million last year, an increase of 8.7%. 

We reported fully-diluted non-GAAP EPS this quarter of $0.30, versus $0.28 a year ago, which was equal to the 
guidance we provided to you last quarter. This also includes the operations of Sentinelle during the quarter, which 
reduced our non-GAAP EPS by a penny. 

For the full fiscal year 2010, our revenues were up 2.6% over fiscal '09, led by an increase in Breast Health, as our 
service-related revenues continue to increase. Dimensions 2D was successfully launched in the U.S., and helped 
contribute to the growth in digital mammography systems sold, as well as an increase in our market share. The increase 
in revenues in our Diagnostics and GYN Surgical segments was primarily due to new products introduced during the 
year, Cervista for HPV testing and Adiana for permanent sterilization. 

In the full year, recurring revenues accounted for 75% of revenues, and capital equipment comprised 25%, compared to 
72% and 28%, respectively last year. 

On a non-GAAP basis, gross margins for fiscal 2010 were 61.5%, versus 62.3% a year ago, and above our guidance of 
60% to 61%. The decline from the prior year was due to product mix and Selenia configuration shifts, an increase in 
service-related sales, a reduction in sales volumes of our higher-margin ThinPrep product during the year, and 
pressures on margins from the manufacturing start-up costs associated with the launch of Adiana. 

Our operating expenses on a non-GAAP basis of 497.8 million were higher than last year's expenses by 3.3%, and were 
also above our guidance of 491 to 494 million, for the same reasons that affected the fourth quarter, namely, the 
inclusion of Sentinelle in the quarter. 

The total dollar backlog for all of our products was 275 million at the end of September. This was slightly lower than 
the 286 million at the end of June. This change is primarily the result of a decrease in backlog within our Diagnostic 
segment as a result of lab consolidations, slightly offset by an increase in backlog within Breast Health as a result of the 
inclusion of Sentinelle Medical. 

Turning to the balance sheet. We grew our cash balance to 516.6 million, from 294 million at the end of fiscal '09, and 
up sequentially from 492 million at the end of Q3. Our plans for use of cash remain focused on investing in our current 
technologies and operations, and potential future acquisitions, as well as preparing for the possible redemption of 
convertible notes beginning in December 2013. 

Regarding free cash flow, we generated approximately 120 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010, excluding the 85 
million payment we made to acquire Sentinelle. These cash flows are comprised of approximately 132 million of cash 
flow from operations, plus capital expenditures of 12 million. 

Now, moving on to guidance. Our guidance includes Sentinelle Medical's operations, and excludes any anticipated U.S. 
revenues resulting from the possible approval of our tomosynthesis 3D digital mammography system. 

For the first quarter of fiscal 2011, ending on December 25th, we are expecting revenues in the range of 425 to 430 
million, comparable to Q4. This reflects the sequential increase in revenues in the GYN Surgical and Diagnostic 
segments from the fourth quarter, as the summer was seasonally soft and we see continued uptick in sales of the new 
products, Adiana and Cervista. Offsetting these increases is an expected decline in Selenia 2D mammography system 
sales. 

We expect gross margins of approximately 6% to 61% on a non-GAAP basis. And we expect non-GAAP operating 
expenses, primarily excluding the amortization expense, to increase on a sequential basis from Q4, to 135 to 140 
million, or approximately 31% to 33% of revenue, primarily resulting from Q1 trade shows and programs, such as 
RSNA and our national sales meeting, also, the inclusion of Sentinelle expenses for a full quarter and increased sales 
and marketing expenses for the NovaSure direct-to-consumer advertising campaign. 


We expect interest expense to be approximately 29 million in Q1, including 19.2 million of non-cash interest expense 
related to our converts. 

Our effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 35%, and we expect non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.28 per 
diluted share. This includes Sentinelle, which we expect to be about a penny dilutive to earnings in the first quarter. 

For fiscal 2011, which ends on September 24th, we are introducing total revenue guidance in the range of 1.73 to 1.76 
billion, or growth between 3% and 5%. This guidance reflects our expectations that, one, Breast Health will grow in the 
low single-digits, reflecting continued growth in service and Sentinelle, offset in part by a slight decline in digital 
mammography systems from continued caution in hospital capital spending. Two, Diagnostic will be flat with the prior 
year. Three, GYN Surgical will grow in the low double-digits. And four, Skeletal Health will improve slightly. 

We are guiding to non-GAAP adjusted EPS in the range of $1.21 to $1.23 per share. This guidance reflects gross 
margins of 60% to 61% for the year. The key drivers that will continue to impact gross margins are, one, the revenue 
growth, which will lead to increased overhead absorption, and two, a shift to higher-margin disposable sales. 

For fiscal 2011, we are expecting a positive impact on gross margins from growth in NovaSure, Cervista, and Adiana, 
which will be offset in part by growth in service and Sentinelle's MRI coils, which have a 
lower-than-our-corporate-average gross margin. Within Breast Health, the majority of the growth comes from this 
lower gross margin service-related business. 

In addition, the gross margins on the new 2D Dimensions products are less than the Selenia product line, since we 
carve out post-contract support under revenue recognition rules and defer this amount, approximately $40,000 per 
system, to future periods. 

Regarding gross margins, it's important to remember that even though a portion of our sales growth this year will come 
from product lines that seemingly reduce the corporate gross margin, many of them, such as service, have much lower 
than our average operating expense, where, by virtue of higher revenues, will provide greater operating leverage. At the 
sales growth we are projecting, we are looking to maintain our current level of non-GAAP net income margins of 18%. 

We anticipate Sentinelle will be neutral to fiscal 2011 earnings, and we expect non-GAAP operating expenses to be in 
the range of 535 to 540 million, up approximately 7% to 8% from fiscal 2010. This increase will reflect our ongoing 
commitment to R&D at a rate of 6.8% of revenues, the addition of Sentinelle for the year, and increased expenses 
associated with our direct-to-consumer NovaSure advertising initiative. 

We are expecting interest expense to be approximately 120 million, including 79 million of non-cash interest expense 
resulting from our converts. And we are expecting our effective tax rate of approximately 35%. 

Turning to cash flow guidance. In fiscal 2011, we expect to generate approximately 450 million of free cash flow. We 
are expecting capital expenditures of close to 60 million, and depreciation of approximately 70 million for the year. 

In summary, we are pleased with our fourth quarter revenue performance. We continued the trend of increasing our 
revenue growth rate every quarter in fiscal 2010, and we believe our market share improved for many of our products. 
We delivered on earnings through a solid combination of expense management and deleveraging. We are optimistic 
that we will deliver improved results in fiscal 2011, as our new guidance implies. 

Now with that, let me turn the call back to Rob to open up Q&A. 

Robert Cascella, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Glenn. Now, that Glenn has outlined our fiscal '11 guidance, I'd like to conclude the formal portion of this call 
by spending a few minutes sharing a bit about our strategy for the future. We believe with the incremental investments 
described before, as well as continued emphasis on organic growth, tuck-in product line acquisitions, and our 
international expansion, we can get Hologic back on a strong growth track over the next five years. While there is 
limited clarity for fiscal '11 due to ongoing economic concerns, we are optimistic about our longer-term prospects. 


More specifically, our opportunities for growth over the next five years include of course, our exciting new products. 
Tomosynthesis has the potential to recreate the market dynamic of technological obsolescence. Our belief is that tomo 
will do to digital what digital did to analog mammography over a three- to five-year period. 

With respect to NovaSure, our DTC campaigns is a demonstration of our commitment to this multi-billion dollar 
market opportunity. We must grow the market and remain the technological leader in order to more rapidly grow this 
business. 

Adiana. Here again, this is a billion dollar market opportunity that remains significantly underserved and 
under-penetrated due to the limitations of the incumbent technology. We believe Adiana's ease of use and 
patient-friendly approach is both a solution to take share, but more importantly, to grow this market. With Cervista, we 
have barely scratched the surface with our HPV offering, and believe with our product's performance, complemented 
by our physician sales presence, we can garner meaningful share in the race to HPV adoption. 

Just a little bit about our tuck-in acquisition strategy. It is to acquire product line extensions and new technologies 
complementary to our core businesses and allow us to leverage our sales and marketing infrastructure, very similar to 
our Sentinelle acquisition. These are synergistic product additions that have consistent call patterns, require minimal 
training, are easy to service, and in most cases, fit within our manufacturing operations. 

And lastly, our international expansion efforts consists of adding infrastructure and acquiring distribution and 
manufacturing capabilities in places like Asia and Latin America. International is a key element of our five-year 
strategy, and we are aggressively pursuing several opportunities with long-term growth potential. 

With this multi-tiered growth strategy, we expect that over the next five years, Hologic will be a double-digit growth 
company. As always, market and product mix will impact our earnings, but we are equally confident that earnings 
growth will outpace revenue growth during this period. 

With that, I'd like to say that we look forward to seeing many of you at our analyst briefing on Tuesday, November the 
30th at RSNA, and encourage those that can't attend to participate by webcast. 

I would like to thank you for your participation on this call, and we'll certainly make ourselves available for questions. 
Operator, please open the call for Q&A. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Certainly. [Operator Instructions] And your first question will come from Thomas Kouchoukos with Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Tom Kouchoukos>: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. 

<A - Robert Cascella, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. 

<Q - Tom Kouchoukos>: Just looking at the DTC spend you talked about on NovaSure, is this going to be a 
nationwide effort? 

And then, I guess, if you could answer that first, and then maybe talk about, as you look at double-digit growth for 
Surgical overall next year. I don't know if you want to put numbers on it, but maybe kind of frame what you think the 
mix of NovaSure growth versus Adiana growth might be? 

<A - Steve Williamson>: Yeah, Tom, this is Steve. As far as the campaign goes, we'll do television, magazine, retail, 
online media. We'll leverage paid advertising with public relations and some social media strategies. So, this will all 
take place in the Q2 timeframe. We expect that this will go on through the year. It's actually a 15-month campaign that 
we'll be undertaking. And so you will see a national campaign taking place, and we expect it'll be very effective. 


As far as the growth for the GYN Surgical products business, we do expect it to be low double-digits. It's – we tend to 
keep that as a whole number now, and don't break out the components of that number. So, I will say that, over the 
course of the year though, we do expect to see good growth from the group. 

<Q - Tom Kouchoukos>: Okay. Thanks for that. And then one follow-up. On the service side, revenues in the Breast 
Health business, still very strong in Q4. Looks like this line is expected to be a driver for revenue in 2011 as well. 
Again, I don't know if you can give an absolute number, but maybe frame your expectations? Can you keep up this type 
of strength as you go forward? Or should we expect that to taper off as the comps get – stay pretty difficult? 

<A - Robert Cascella, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. As long as the installed base continues to 
grow, which it will, then obviously service revenue will grow. The difference will be that it won't grow at the same 
pace that we've seen over the rapid adoption of digital mammography. So, we are expecting growth from service over 
fiscal '11 and beyond, but I would say that past fiscal '11, we should expect that that growth will taper off. It won't ever 
be flat, but it will taper off. 

<Q - Tom Kouchoukos>: Okay, great. Thanks so much. 

Operator 

And next, we'll hear from Sameer Harish with Needham & Company. 

<Q - Sameer Harish>: Hi, guys. Good afternoon. 

<A - Robert Cascella, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Good afternoon. 

<Q - Sameer Harish>: I just wanted to follow up on the DTC campaign. I guess, just in general, why do you feel now 
is a good time to start a direct-to-consumer, given the negative trends in health care utilization? Should we infer this to 
imply that the company's expectation is that utilization in aggregate will increase going forward? And sort of how do 
you rationalize the return on investment you could get now for program, versus waiting 12 or 18 months? 

<A - Steve Williamson>: Yeah. I think a lot of it has to do with, number one, this program is not – it doesn't have an 
instantaneous impact. It is a bit viral, and what we want to do is roll it out to our patient base, or the patient base, 
because we believe that, in order to grow this market, we have done a poor job at marketing to the patient, making her 
aware that there is a curative procedure that is available in her doctor's office. I would go as far as to say that if we 
talked to 10 women on a street corner, nine of them would not know that there was such a cure. 

I think that the vast majority of women that suffer from this disease fall well out of the ill effects of even the economy. 
We're talking about millions of women, and on average, we're treating 300,000 to 400,000 of them a year. So, I think 
the benefit of awareness will far outweigh the concerns over healthcare cost at this point. For a procedure, such as this. 

<Q - Sameer Harish>: Great. Thank you. And in terms of 3D mammography, the – obviously the panel focused 
highly on training, and you mentioned in the prepared remarks. Can you talk about how the panel discussion has I 
guess influenced how you think – thought about training, both in the U.S. and internationally? Have you changed that 
training methodology since the panel meeting internationally, and what impact has it had? 

<A - Robert Cascella, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. I think the good news is, is that we were 
already on a track of very comprehensive training because of our experience abroad. We understood that training was 
going to be critical to the broader adoption of the product. If they're not used to looking at images, such as 3D, then 
won't get comfortable using the technology, and it will be an impediment to the broader adoption of it. 

So what we've done is take what we've learned internationally, and we have developed that into a U.S.-based program, 
and it is a combination of physical training, physician-to-physician, web-based training. It is a selection that leads from 
the basics of how to interpret a 3D mammogram, all the way to CME classes that will be done by third parties, certainly 
not by Hologic. 


So I think that the FDA requirement is a serious one, but we also felt that we were already on that track because of our 
international shipments. 

<Q - Sameer Harish>: Great. Thank you, guys. 

Operator 

And from Raymond James, we'll go to Jayson Bedford. 

<Q - Jayson Bedford>: Hi, good evening. Thanks for taking the questions. Just a couple quickies. Just, on NovaSure, 
did the U.S. NovaSure business grow in the quarter? I was a little unclear by the release. 

<A - Robert Cascella, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, it did. 

<Q - Jayson Bedford>: Okay. And then, just thinking of 3D tomo, when do you think you'll be able to gain 
reimbursement? And maybe you can't give a set date. If you can, great, but if not, maybe comment on, is it at the time 
of approval, six months, twelve months later? 

<A - Robert Cascella, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, I don't think it's going to be at the time of 
approval, and primarily because it's difficult to even have meaningful conversations with the – any of the regulators for 
reimbursement without an approved product. So, it's always going to be a best guess, but we would think that it's 
probably a 12-month process. And I'm sorry to not be more specific about it, but the – we're talking about multiple 
agencies, we're talking about private pay, and each will have an individual initiative. The approach to CMS is a bit 
different than the approach to the major private payers around the country as well. 

<Q - Jayson Bedford>: Okay, thanks. I'll stick to those two and jump back in queue. Thanks. 

<A - Robert Cascella, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. 

Operator 

And next, we'll go to David Lewis, Morgan Stanley Smith Barney. 

<Q - David Lewis>: Good afternoon. That's the first time I've heard Smith Barney. First question, Glenn, just thinking 
about guidance for fiscal '11, I think you said 3% to 5% reported. I'm just trying to work down into an organic number. 
Is it safe to assume Sentinelle is around 2% tailwind for fiscal '11? And I wonder if you could give us your currency 
assumption for '11? 

<A - Glenn P. Muir, Executive Vice President of Finance and Administration; Chief Financial Officer>: Well, 
the 3.5% is the 1.73 to 1.76 billion. And Sentinelle, when we think about Sentinelle, we've already disclosed that when 
we acquired them, their trailing 12-months revenues were 20 million. So, we're looking for close to a 50% increase in 
the Sentinelle business for FY '11. 

<Q - David Lewis>: Okay. And then currency, Glenn? Imagining it's somewhat of a tailwind for your business in 
fiscal '11? 

<A - Glenn P. Muir, Executive Vice President of Finance and Administration; Chief Financial Officer>: Well, 
boy, it was a tough one in 2010. I mean, we started off where the dollar was weak, and then it has strengthened in the 
last couple quarters for us. This particular quarter here, it impacted us negatively by 2.7 million. But on the year, once 
again, it only had a 2.7 million impact as well. It was the same number for the quarter and for the year, kind of offset 
itself. 

We have to remember that only 20% of our revenues are international, so we don't have a big number that's impacted. 
And of those sales, less than half of them are even denominated in a local currency. So, our exposure, David, I think 
we're still talking only about a few million dollars either way. 


<Q - David Lewis>: Okay, very helpful. And then maybe Rob, a follow-up here on tomo, just kind of two related 
questions. The first off, given the site inspection, is it unlikely that you have an approval prior to RSNA? And the 
second kind of related question would be, as we think about fiscal '11, is it possible, given the gradual ramp in tomo, if 
you were to get approval here in fiscal '11, that when you update guidance for tomo, that could be an EPS-dilutive 
event, in that you have more spending on marketing, sales, and training, with less of a ramp for tomo, given 
reimbursement? Thank you. 

<A - Robert Cascella, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. Yeah, I don't think that it's possible to get 
approval by RSNA. I think it is possible to get an approvable letter by RSNA, but that's obviously difficult to predict. 
With the distinction being, the process is an approvable letter, facility inspection, and then a final approval. So, we 
believe that it is possible to get the approvable letter, which would then trigger the facility inspection and an FDA 
report. 

As to the launch in '11, keep in mind – I mean, this is a product that is a Dimensions 2D product with tomo software on 
it. We've been training our salespeople now for the last six months in terms of making them familiar with the benefits 
of the technology, and how to sell it. And in addition to that, we have a lot of experience overseas. So, I think the 
incremental volume, albeit, perhaps not significant initially, will not be dilutive relative to the support expenses that 
will be necessary for the launch. 

<Q - David Lewis>: Thank you very much. 

<A - Robert Cascella, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. 

Operator 

And next, we'll go to Josh Jennings with Jefferies & Company. 

<Q - Josh Jennings>: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. Just back to the tomosynthesis and in potential 
reimbursement. I mean, if – could you just give us a little bit more color in terms of types of discussions you've had 
with CMS or private payers to-date regarding potential reimbursement? And then with the – whether you've talked to 
the ROC or not about recommending a CPT code prior to actual approval? 

And then also, just the likelihood of securing a miscellaneous code or temporary code in the interim period, before a 
national coverage decision is made by the CMS or technology assessments are completed by private payers, that would 
be great to start off with. 

<A - Robert Cascella, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, sure. And I mean, as I prefaced earlier, it's 
difficult to have a lot of meaningful discussions without an approved product. We think that there are multiple paths 
and multiple alternatives. I think an interim coding approach may be the most expeditious. And we also think that there 
is a very strong argument for private pay relative to what we believe the savings could be from the use of this 
technology. A reduction in recall, perhaps a million fewer women going in for diagnostic mammography, breast 
intervention, and the like. 

So I hate to sound vague about it, but until we have an approved product, and really sit in front of the powers that be, be 
it CMS or otherwise, it's difficult for me to comment about what they will require. But I think that all of the things that 
you mentioned, and what I followed up on, are really what we're looking at in terms of alternatives. 

<Q - Josh Jennings>: So a miscellaneous code is a potential prior to sort of formal national coverage decision? 

<A - Robert Cascella, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think an interim code, a G-code, is a possibility, 
but it's difficult to assess. I mean, if you recall, digital mammography today is still reimbursed under a G-code. And it 
is reimbursed under that code structure. So, clearly, that's always an alternative. A longer-term route is a CBT-1 code, 
AMA sanctions, and the like. But those are all of the things that are on the table relative to how we think we might 
partition our approach, be it a near to mid-term strategy, and then ultimately, a longer-term strategy. 


<Q - Josh Jennings>: Great. And if I could just follow-up with, moving over to the NovaSure product line. Looking at 
your GYN Surgical expectations of double-digit growth for next year, there's got to be some assumption that the 
NovaSure will grow in the low to mid-single-digits, by my math. But if you're looking at new products by competitors, 
such as Boston Scientific, how much of a competitive threat is this product, one. And then what – how are you viewing 
the growth prospects for endometrial ablation market next year? Maybe not specifically NovaSure. 

And then lastly, if you could just talk about the pricing in this product line, and how you expect GMs to fare going into 
fiscal '11 in gyn surgery? Thanks a lot. 

<A - Steve Williamson>: Yeah. This is Steve. As far as the competitive growth goes, we have seen some releases, or 
expect to see some releases, of competitive products. As you know, we've got AAGL this week in Las Vegas. 

We recently launched our next-generation NovaSure device. We've seen good pick-up on that product as well. A lot of 
physicians that are using the product in the office have spoken highly of it. We've been able to get into doctors that had 
not used it, or that had used it and perhaps had an issue with, whatever it might be. We've been able to get into those 
doctors again and relaunch the product. 

So from a share perspective, I think we continue to hold share, or grow share, depending on where you look, to see 
what's going on competitively. So, we feel strong in that area. 

As far as the pricing of this product line goes, we do see some pressure in the offices, but at the same time, we've been 
able to hold AUPs across the board with the product. So, there is some pricing pressure, but we fare well with that. 

I'm not sure, did you have a third question there... 

<Q - Josh Jennings>: An expectation, if you could. You're looking at growth the last couple quarters, you have had 
some gross margin erosion in GYN Surgical. Is that mostly related to the overhead from the Adiana product in the 
Costa Rican facility, and then should we expect gross margin expansion in GYN surgical going forward? 

<A - Robert Cascella, President and Chief Executive Officer>: But we – it's definitely from the Adiana product. 
And as we saw more Adiana – Adiana is not at the margins that NovaSure is. And as that becomes a larger part of our 
product mix, we will feel pressure from that. We are doing what we can to improve the yields and increase the 
productivity from that product line. 

Operator 

And your next question will come from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. 

<Q - Tycho Peterson>: Hey, good afternoon. 

<A - Robert Cascella, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hi. 

<Q - Tycho Peterson>: Maybe just kicking off with a question here on tomo. I mean, as we think about the kind of the 
go-to-market strategy, can you talk a little bit more about the trialing efforts? I think you alluded to them in your 
comments, how we think about size and scope. 

And then, you also talked about broadening the claims here in the U.S., and just mechanically, what you need to do to 
try to kind of move forward with some of that? 

<A - Robert Cascella, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure, we have a range of clinical trials that have 
been planned and are really underway in various countries. I think we have programs in the U.K., in certainly, Italy. 
We're – we have a major study going on in Oslo right now, and we'll have studies in France as well. Beyond that, we – 
and these studies are all being designed to, in some cases, validate both diagnostic and screening for tomo, validate 
tomo from a screening perspective and its benefits over digital. So, we believe that they are essential relative to the 
in-country public sector adoption of this from a reimbursement perspective. 


In addition, on the U.S. front, we've amassed a tremendous amount of clinical data that we were anticipating filing 
when in fact, we thought we would submit a new clinical study. That is being used to formulate a couple of different 
trials that would focus on things like dense-breasted women, certainly other women of high risk, perhaps using it from 
a 3D-alone perspective in diagnostics. So, there are a range of alternatives with that level of data. 

And then finally, for reimbursement purposes, the screening data is being used to support what we believe to be the 
claims of better specificity and better sensitivity, so that we can point to saving lives and saving money. But it is a – it 
is kind of a multi-pronged approach, Tycho, that really covers many, many elements that are specific to a country's 
requirements, as well as what we believe is going to be necessary from both an FDA claims and a reimbursement 
perspective here in the States. 

<Q - Tycho Peterson>: Okay. That's helpful. And then turning to the Third Wave business that you – I think you 
talked about 17% growth for Cervista. Can you just talk a little bit more about the types of accounts you've been able to 
convert? And then, any updated thoughts you can share on the timing of the automated platform and menu expansion 
and things like that? 

<A - Robert Cascella, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. We're really happy that the size of our 
accounts are increasing. The – I think our belief is, is that with the better training, ease-of-use of the product, some of 
the things that we've done with our phase zero or phase one automation, I think has helped. So, we are landing larger 
accounts, which has given us confidence in terms of the progress that we will make in fiscal '11. 

The HTA or automation timeline has really not changed. We believe that we will submit before the end of this calendar 
year. This is a migration study under a PMA supplement to the FDA, that we think can take anywhere from six to nine 
months, potentially longer, but that's at least what the expectation is at this point. So, therein, I think, is – again, I think 
that's an opportunity for us, but I don't see us pulling that timeline in much more materially than that. 

With respect to menu expansion, we're constantly evaluating in-house development versus partnerships and 
out-licensing, so we are looking at a variety of alternatives in terms of whether we really take on a major project, 
which, something like CT/NG would be a natural for us. Or, do we look at other ways of developing, in our Invader 
platform, as both an out-licensing and a partnering technology for others to commercialize Diagnostics. 

<Q - Tycho Peterson>: Okay. And then just lastly, on the DTC, is that something at some point you would look to roll 
over to Adiana as well? Or how do we think about 


<A - Robert Cascella, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, I think that could happen. But I mean, Adiana 
has a long way to go. I mean, we have thousands of physicians that are registered for training that we'll be training this 
coming year. We certainly believe that it's a matter of demonstrating to our doctors, first, that it is effective, it is easy to 
use, much the same as the several years of heavy lifting that was done with NovaSure. So, we don't want to be 
premature with the inclusion of Adiana. This program is focused entirely on NovaSure, and we believe that we've done 
all the market prep that's necessary in order to make it successful. We're not there yet with Adiana, and would not 
suspect to be there over this next year. 

<Q - Tycho Peterson>: Okay. And then just one clarification. Have you said what the installed base of 
tomo-upgradeable units is in the field now? 

<A - Robert Cascella, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No, we have not. 

Operator 

And your next question will come from David Clair with Piper Jaffray. 

<Q - David Clair>: Yeah, good afternoon, everybody. It's Dave Clair here for Bill Quirk. I just have a couple of more 
questions on the NovaSure DTC campaign. I guess, you mentioned that you've kind of tested a DTC strategy for 
NovaSure. I was hoping you could give us some kind of metric, as to what kind of increase we saw in those markets? 
And then for the $20 million in spending related to the campaign, is that something that we should think about being 


spread kind of evenly throughout the second through the fourth quarter of the year? 

<A - Steve Williamson>: So the $20 million that Rob talked about was not specifically for this campaign. It was for 
the tomo initiative, the international initiative, as well as the DTC campaign. So, it was the three initiatives that he was 
talking about. 

As far as what we've seen in the past for DTC, we've done several different campaigns with physicians in targeted 
markets, high-use physicians, where we've gone in and done co-marketing agreements with them. We've seen their 
business increase significantly. 

Now, that depends on who you're talking to – that depends on where you're looking, though. If you've got high-volume 
users that are going out, and they're speaking first-line treatment for NovaSure, we see a major, major return there. 
Now, we're going into a second tier. And we've done some testing, both with patients, as well as doctors in this area, to 
get a feel for what kind of a return we'll see from those patients, and who will be compelled to act. 

I will say that what we've seen in that testing has been very positive. The patients have responded very well, and have 
shown a presence to go and take a call to action and speak with their doctor about the procedure. 

<Q - David Clair>: All right. Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll hear from Amit Bhalla with Citi. 

<Q - Amit Bhalla>: Hi, good evening. 

<A - Robert Cascella, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Good evening. 

<Q - Amit Bhalla>: First question, Glenn, can you talk about the backlog for a second? What are your expectations for 
the backlog into fiscal '11? You said for a couple quarters in a row you expected it to stabilize. It continues to decline. 

And along that same line, how can you – how do you reconcile Diagnostic guidance, flat, given that the backlog is 
declining because of Diagnostics? 

<A - Glenn P. Muir, Executive Vice President of Finance and Administration; Chief Financial Officer>: Right. 
Amit, so I think it's gotten more difficult with the pieces of our business, because it really is the capital equipment side 
of the business where we had this steady, really backlog-type of business itself, where orders would be taken for 
delivery either this quarter or the next quarter. And what we're finding is the Diagnostics side is slightly different. As 
we're going through this lab consolidation, we're seeing labs move more to a just-in-time type of ordering, without the 
long year-long backlogs that they may have had in the past. 

So, we have a real change in the business. It's not impacting what our expected ship rates are. We still had those 
underlying orders for the year. There's just not firm delivery dates lined up. The labs are changing their business 
slightly on a go-forward basis. 

So when we look at the capital equipment side, that side has been steady, the CapEx type of orders. And I don't think 
there's much we can do about the ups and downs on the Diagnostics or disposable part of the business itself. 

<Q - Amit Bhalla>: Steve 


<A - Steve Williamson>: Okay. As far as the issue of the Diagnostic business overall, to answer that segment of the 
question, yeah, there's down-pressure on the U.S. business that we think is stabilizing, but our international business, on 
both conventional diagnostics, is growing, as is our molecular business. So, the U.S. erosion, if you will, is being offset 
by these other two elements of it, and that's why the Diagnostic business is flat for '11. 

<Q - Amit Bhalla>: Okay. And then a question on the operating expense guidance for next year. In total, you have an 
incremental 40 million of operating expenses, and you outlined the 20 million from the tomo trials, international 


expansion, and DTC. What's the additional 20 million there? Since it looks like the Tomo trials were already included, 
what's the added 20 million for expense? 

<A - Glenn P. Muir, Executive Vice President of Finance and Administration; Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. 
Well, three-quarters of that 20 million additional would be just including Sentinelle Medical for the full year. So, 
there's about 15 million of operating expenses directly related to Sentinelle that we'll be absorbing in FY '11. 

So you're absolutely correct. You had – the big pieces are the investment that we talked about in new programs, 
international and DTC, a big chunk of it, 20 million, and then Sentinelle. So, to a certain extent, I think we can look at 
it that we're pretty much controlling operating expenses, I think, pretty well when we look at 2011 going into the year. 
And that's something I think we did well in 2010, was to control expenses, and to come in where we thought we would 
on the expense side. 

<Q - Amit Bhalla>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

We have time for only one more question. And your final question will come from Amit Hazan with Gleacher & 
Company. 

<Q - Amit Hazan>: Hey, thanks for squeezing me in. Just a couple more questions, maybe a follow-up first on the 
Diagnostics side. I think this is the third quarter in a row now that we've seen a sequential decline on the Diagnostics 
side, while HPV has been growing very nicely. So, I'm wondering, maybe you can help us a little bit, trying to 
understand what domestic Pap volumes were down by. And what you refer to I think in your press release about more 
on the abiding by guidelines, if you're actually seeing any insurance companies change the way they reimburse for Pap, 
anyone moving towards the guidelines? 

<A - Robert Cascella, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, I think what we tried to suggest in the scripted 
portion of this is that no doubt, that the domestic Pap volume is down, and we are attributing a significant portion of 
that to be as a result of the economy, and more specifically, unemployment. It's simply, fewer people are going in – 
fewer women are going in for their wellness exams. And we hate to sound like a broken record, to continue to talk 
about that, but we firmly believe that that is the most significant element of what plagued FY '10. 

In addition to that there – all of the other elements of that business in the U.S. remain of concern, but they are much 
more gradual, and that is, interval expansion, further consolidation in the market. Clearly, the compliance with revised 
guidelines in terms of younger women not going in for baseline Paps until over 20 years old, or 23 years old 
specifically. 

But we believe that those will continue to be negative elements, but they will be much more gradual in terms of their 
impact on the business, and that our comment earlier about that market stabilizing is, is that we don't believe the 
dramatic declines that we saw this past year, and again, more specifically in Q4, which is a seasonally very poor quarter 
for that business, will repeat themselves for either Q1 or for the balance of fiscal '11. We think that the more gradual 
effects will be there, but not the significant declines that we experienced in fiscal '10. 

<Q - Amit Hazan>: So why is it that you don't expect those declines to continue, the significant declines? 

<A - Robert Cascella, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Because we believe that they are related to 
specifically the economy and unemployment, which we believe, unless that situation worsens more dramatically than 
where it is today, that we have leveled off relative to the numbers of women that are not going in for their wellness 
exams or their annual checkups. So, that – and we're obviously seeing some trending of that in our Q1 as well, but at 
the end of the day, that this is all an if about what happens with unemployment in the States. 

<Q - Amit Hazan>: And my follow-up question would be on the Adiana side, and just trying to understand maybe to 
the extent that you have color on same-store sales, kind of trialing versus sustainability, if you will. Just, we saw there 
were a couple recent papers, and one paper, one presentation, highlighting some of the pregnancy issues that we knew 


that there were in the trial before the approval even. But what are you seeing in terms of same-store sales? Are – do you 
know of any pregnancies that have happened since you started selling the product? And has that been – to what extent 
has that been an issue in your ability to sell the product? 

<A - Steve Williamson>: Yeah, so our same-store sales are a bit – what we'd expect for a product like this. They're 
between 70% and 80%. We see that customers use it, they go out, they trial it, and that they're coming back, they're 
using more. 

As far as the paper that you talked about, I'm not quite sure, which one you're talking about. Is that the ESGE paper? 

<Q - Amit Hazan>: Yeah. I – but we can – I can follow up offline with that one. 

<A - Steve Williamson>: That's fine. It was – there were a few pregnancies that were presented on a paper that was 
done in – by a group of Dutch physicians. That was 130 patients in the study. There were three pregnancies presented. 
The first was a non-reliant patient. The patient just didn't go back for their HSG. So, I think, as you know, with our 
competitors as well, I mean, there's a non-reliant pregnancies, you really can't be held against you. 

As far as the second patient, the group that did the paper came out and said that it was a non-optimal HSG on that 
patient. And then the third patient was somebody that should have been excluded from the study because they didn't 
meet the protocol for that study. 

So I think the most important thing for you to take from that is, if you look at that group of physicians, they still use 
Adiana, and they're happy with the performance of the product. They're happy with the ease of use, and they don't see 
these pregnancies as anything to be concerned by. 

<Q - Amit Hazan>: Okay. Great. That's good color. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Thank you, everyone. That is all the time we have for questions today. This concludes Hologic's fourth quarter and 
fiscal 2010 earnings call. Have a good evening. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


