Q3 2006 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Susan Vassallo, Director, Corporate Communications 
• Stanley M. Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
• Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Director 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Henry Schein Third Quarter Conference Call. At this time, all 
participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow 
at that time. [Operator Instructions] 

As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's 
call, Susan Vassallo, Henry Schein's Director of Corporate Communication. Please go ahead, Susan. 

Susan Vassallo, Director, Corporate Communications 

Thank you, operator and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's third quarter results. If you 
have not received a copy of our earnings news release issued earlier this morning, please call 631-843-5937 and a copy 
will be faxed to you immediately or of course, you can obtain a copy on our website at henryschein.com. 

With us this morning are Stanley Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein and Steven 
Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 

Before we begin, I would like to point out that, as always, certain comments made during this call will include 
information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may 
affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result the company's performance may differ from 
those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. Further these forward-looking statements are 
qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's Securities and Exchange 
Commission filings. 

The content of this conference call contains time sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live 
broadcast today November 2nd, 2006. The company undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking 
statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. 

Now I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman. 

Stanley M. Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you Susan and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our third quarter financial results were 
reflective of another very solid quarter and reflect particular strength in our Dental Group with all the other groups 
doing well as well. 

Also we are pleased to be introducing guidance for the year 2007, diluted earnings per share for the 2007 year expects 
and is reflective of growth rates of around 18 to 21% compared to the midpoint of our 2006 guidance. This is reflective 
of a similar growth rate, the growth rates we expect for the year 2006 and reflective of our growth model. 


In a moment, I'll speak about our accomplishments during the quarter and update you on various initiatives that we are 
undergoing in the company. Before I highlight these future initiatives and maybe provide further information on the 
quarter, let me ask Steve Paladino, our Chief Financial Officer, to provide more detailed financial information on the 
third quarter performance. 

Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Director 

Okay, thank you, Stan. I would like to begin by saying I am pleased to report solid financial results for the third quarter. 
As we have done in prior quarter earnings news releases and conference calls, all current and prior year financial 
information has been restated to report the hospital supply business as a discontinued operation and to exclude that 
business from the detail of our income statement. 

This quarter there was no gain or loss on discontinued operations, although, the year to date and prior year results do 
include that impact. For purposes of comparability, I will discuss our results from continuing operations without the 
discontinued hospital supply business. 

Let me also point out that both our current quarter and prior year financial results reflect the impact of expensing 
stock-based compensation in accordance with FAS No. 123R. We have elected to restate our results for prior periods to 
include this impact of expensing stock-based compensation in order to provide more meaningful comparison with our 
results. 

Operator 

Mr. Bergman, your line is still open. 

Susan Vassallo, Director, Corporate Communications 

Operator? 

Operator 

Yes, your line is still open. 

Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Director 

Okay. Let me just continue. We thought that there was a problem with the line. 

Operator 

No, sir. You are there. Thank you. 

Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Director 

Turning to our financial results, for the quarter, ended September 30th 2006, our net sales for the quarter were $1.27 
billion, reflecting a 13% growth over the third quarter of last year or 11.6% in local currencies. 5% of this growth was 
internally generated, 6.6% was acquisition growth, net of a divestiture and that acquisition growth was primarily due to 
the Darby Companies that we acquired as well as NLS Animal Health in the US, and Provet in Switzerland. 


You can see the details of our reported sales growth in our earnings news release on Exhibit A. Our operating margin 
from continuing operations for the third quarter of 2006 was 4.9% compared with 5.2% for the third quarter of 2005. 
Our operating margin for the quarter was impacted by certain non-recurring expenses as well as lower 
tetanus-diphtheria vaccine sales compared to the third quarter of 2005. It's important to note that we still expect our 
operating margin for the full year to expand consistent with our internal objectives. 

Our effective tax rate from continuing operations for the third quarter was 35.1% compared to 36.6% for the third 
quarter of last year. We expect our tax rate during the remainder of 2006 to remain in the 35% range. Our third quarter 
income from continuing operations was $39.3 million, which is an improvement of 18% from the prior year's third 
quarter and our earnings per diluted share, also from continuing operations for the third quarter, was 44 cents, reflecting 
an increase of 18.9% over the third quarter of 2005. 

Let me take a moment to point out that during the quarter, the company elected to change its method of measuring the 
effectiveness of derivatives under FAS No. 133. This was done in order to better align our debt to our current business 
activity, which today about 27% of our sales are outside of North America. This change has effectively converted 
certain US debt into euro-denominated debt thereby better matching our sales and our financing of those businesses and 
resulted in a non-recurring foreign exchange gain of approximately $2.0 million on a pre-tax basis. 

This is also – this change is also expected to have a continuing positive impact on interest expense as we expect Euro 
LIBOR rates to remain favorable to US LIBOR rates. 

Let me provide some detail on our sales results for the quarter. Dental sales for the third quarter were $538 million, 
representing a 16.4% growth in US dollars or 15.6% in local currencies. 9.8% of this growth was internally generated, 
while 5.8% was due to acquisitions, primarily the Darby acquisition that I referred to earlier. 

Our consumable merchandise sales were 14.2% ahead of prior year in local currencies, 8.1% of that growth internally 
generated and 6.1% again due to acquisitions. Our Dental equipment sales and service revenues were 20.1%, ahead of 
the prior year in local currencies. 15.4% of that growth was internally generated and 4.7% related to acquisitions. 

We are really very pleased with our equipment sales growth, which again, was fueled by sales of high-tech equipment, 
especially digital x-rays. Let me point out that this quarter there was really little contribution from new product 
offerings manufactured by Imaging Sciences International or BIOLASE, because these relationships had just begun 
toward the end of the third quarter. 

Our medical sales were $381 million in the third quarter, up 8.9%. It's about 0.6% of decline in internal growth offset 
by 9.5% acquisition growth, which again is related to primarily NLS Animal Health. 

Our internal growth for the Medical Group was impacted by lower sales of tetanus-diphtheria, as I mentioned earlier, as 
well as lower sales of influenza vaccines compared with the prior year's third quarter. Excluding these two products, 
our medical internal sales growth was above what we estimate the estimated growth for the market to be in medical 
market. 

It's important to note that the third quarter variance in influenza vaccines versus prior year is a timing issue. GSK or 
GlaxoSmithKline's FluLaval product was approved by the FDA after the close of the quarter on October 5th. During 
the third quarter of 2006, we sold only 1.7 million doses of our expected 13.5 million doses of flu vaccine that we 
expect to sell for the full year 2006. Also please note that our tetanus-diphtheria vaccines for the third quarter were 
unusually higher in last year's third quarter, primarily because of the Gulf Coast hurricanes. 

Moving to our international group, international sales for the third quarter of 2006 were $327 million, that's US dollar 
growth – that's US dollars, a 12.3% growth in US dollars and in local currencies that was 8.2% growth, with 3.4% of 
that growth internally generated and 4.8% acquisition growth primarily due to Provet acquisition in Switzerland. 

Finally, our technology and value-added service sales were $24.6 million, 17.3% ahead of Q3 last year, including 
16.9% growth in local currencies. Of that local currency growth, 14.7% of it was internally generated and 2.2% was 
due to an acquisition. We continue to see during the quarter very strong electronic claims services revenues. That's 
continuing to grow on a double-digit basis. And we also saw our software and financial services revenues posting very 


strong gains also during the third quarter. 

Let me now turn to our balance sheet and cash flow and highlight some items there. Our operating cash flow for the 
quarter was $64 million, and that compares to $38.9 million in last year's third quarter. We continue to expect to 
achieve operating cash flow for the full year in excess of net income. Our accounts receivables, day sales outstanding 
for the quarter from continuing operations was 42.5 days and that's an improvement of 2.2 days versus last year's third 
quarter. 

Our inventory turns also from continuing operations for the quarter was 6.5 turns, and that compares to 6.9 turns last 
year. And finally, our return on committed capital from continuing operations was approximately 25%, and that 
compares to 27% in the third quarter of last year. 

Let me conclude my remarks with commenting on financial guidance for 2006 and for 2007. Diluted EPS for 2006 is 
expected to be in the range of $2.11 to $2.14. And let me remind you that that includes the impact of expensing 
stock-based compensation. This 2006 EPS guidance includes our expectation that we will distribute approximately 13.5 
million doses of flu vaccine this year. 

Note that during – that this guidance is primarily due to the overall strength of our core business and the revised 
guidance is still within the range of our previous guidance, and essentially at the same midpoint, although we now 
expect to distribute fewer doses of flu vaccine compared to our previous expectation of 15 to 17 million doses that we 
talked about last quarter. 

Today we also introduced 2007 financial guidance. Our diluted EPS for 2007 is expected to be in the range of $2.51 to 
$2.57, and this represents a growth rate of 18 to 21% compared to the midpoint of our 2006 EPS guidance. 2007 
guidance includes our expectation that we will sell more than 20 million doses of flu vaccine during 2007. Also note 
that all of our guidance for both 2006 and 2007 is for continuing operations and includes all completed or previously 
announced acquisitions, but does not include any impact of potential future acquisitions. 

Let me turn it over to Stanley at this time. 

Stanley M. Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Steven. On the Dental group side during the third quarter, we saw a continued trend among various dental 
manufacturers toward the value-added distribution channel. As a leader in the industry, Henry Schein, we believe, is 
ideally positioned to benefit from this trend. We have signed exclusive distribution agreements for the DEXIS digital 
radiography product line in the past, and now the Imaging Sciences, 3D imaging system was introduced towards the 
end of the third quarter. 

Also leading companies such as Colgate, Pentron, Pelton & Crane, KaVo, Gendex have recognized the benefits we 
bring in delivering solutions to dental profession. Previously, we established a similar arrangement with D4D 
Technologies for the introduction of what we believe will be the leading dental CAD/CAM system, E4D. Recently, 
Dentsply, Procter & Gamble and BIOLASE have joined this trend. 

Now before I discuss these companies, let me provide you with an update on the E4D chairside dental restorative 
system. As is public knowledge, we, Henry Schein, will be the exclusively distributor of the E4D system. Upon the 
launch of the system, as we have discussed, the E4D system has undergone user testing, which is intended to identify 
any specific aspect of the product and system that is not performing to design specifications. 

User testing indicated the need for some software modifications to further improve product performance and the 
manufacturer has completed those enhancements. E4D will now go into further user testing for up to eight weeks, and 
assuming other modifications are no longer required, that will be followed by University Testing for up to 12 weeks. 

As we have stated before, this is a technological advanced product, we believe more advanced than anything in the 
marketplace as of yet, and that we believe we will offer a host of advantages to our customers compared to the current 
systems available. It is our priority to ensure a successful launch and positive user experience, as we stated before, and 


we will not bring a product to market before it is ready. 

But we are nearing the finish line in this respect. We will keep you apprised of our development progress in future 
quarterly calls and we'll continue to keep you updated on the progress with respect to the launch. We have gained even 
further confidence in the long-term prospects for this innovative product as more and more dentists actually utilize the 
product and test it in a critical environment. 

Now, turning to Dentsply, an industry-leading manufacturer of dental products. Dentsply recently announced a 
strategic partnership program to improve the company's ability to collaborate with and provide value to key North 
American distribution partners, and of course, that included Sullivan-Schein, Henry Schein's US dental distribution 
business. As part of this program, Dentsply announced that it was significantly reducing the number of distribution 
partners. 

We are pleased with Dentsply's commitment to the distribution channel. And the belief that with an improved focus on 
a limited number of distributors the results will be enhanced. Most importantly, we believe that the new agreement 
underscores Dentsply's confidence in the value of a dealership network over direct distribution. And this is particularly 
gratifying. Also, effective the start of 2007, Proctor & Gamble will shift to uniform distribution strategy for its Crest 
and Oral B product line. 

Under the new distribution format Proctor & Gamble will limit the Crest and Oral B lines to five dental distributors 
including Sullivan-Schein, a Henry Schein US distribution link. While we previously had a relationship with P&G for 
their Oral B product, we look forward to adding their Crest brand to our offering as well. 

At Henry Schein, we are delighted to play an important role in helping our manufacturing partners maximize sales and 
to bring our customers an ever increasing number of products and services, including many on an exclusive or 
semi-exclusive basis. 

As has been noted in the past another manufacturer of dental products, the high technology dental equipment company 
Bayer, BIOLASE technology also decided to expand his previous sole focus on direct sales to a model that includes an 
exclusive multiyear relationship with Henry Schein. 

As it announced in early August we will collaborate with BIOLASE in the marking and sale of service of all and 
professional BIOLASE dental laser system products, including the market leading Waterlase MD. This is, of course, 
their primary product and is the industry's leading hard and soft tissue dental laser system. 

Since the first BIOLASE dental laser system was brought to market, the BIOLASE Company has set a new standard 
for technical innovation and patient comfort. We are delighted to be selling and servicing this important line of product 
on an exclusive basis here in North America and to offer our customers leading edge solutions. 

During last quarter's conference call, I also spoke about our exclusive distribution agreement for Imaging Sciences 
International's 3D diagnostic imaging technology. ISI is a leading – is a market leader in this category and there is no 
question in my mind and the mind of senior management at Henry Schein that digital imagining is a key element of the 
technology driven dental office in the future. 

We believe these exclusive products from BIOLASE and ISI are important additions to our offering for our customers 
and expect meaningful sales contributions in the fourth quarter and 2007. And not much in terms of sales of course in 
the third quarter. 

In discussing dental companies that are benefiting from the Henry Schein's leading position in the marketplace, I would 
like to mention the mutually beneficial relationship that we are enjoying with Sirona. This is a relationship of about a 
year and change in the United States, of course a much a longer relationship with the Demedis team, which is now 
Henry Schein Dental Depot Germany. 

And we really look forward to continue to help Sirona increase the global market share. I believe we're really Sirona's 
only global distributor. To close my discussions on Dental group I'm pleased to report that during the third quarter, we 
closed on the remaining segment of our Darby acquisitions, which expand our reach into the US dental and medical 


marketplace. 

The dental laboratory business acquisition closed on August 4th and the Medical and Corporate Accounts businesses 
closed on September 1. We have now completed – 100% completed the full integration of Island Dental, Darby 
Medical Specialty and Darby Dental Laboratory into Henry Schein. 

This was a huge undertaking and our team, which is now extremely capable and efficient at integrating businesses, 
literally completes the integration overnight. We're extremely proud of the outstanding performance of our integration 
team on this important project, as the new businesses have been fully incorporated into the Henry Schein organization 
in 100% seamless manner with essentially no disruption to our customers. 

Let me now briefly turn to our Medical group. As you know on October 5th, the FDA approved the sale of GSK's 
influenza vaccine FluLaval, which is the product GSK gained through the acquisition of ID Biomedical last year. While 
we will be distributing vaccines manufactured by Sanofi Pasteur, Novartis, and we have added, of course, the GSK ID 
Biomedical product to the distribution channel this quarter. 

The FluLaval product is the largest component of our expected approximately 13.5 million doses. This is of course the 
first year that FluLaval will be on the market in the US. Steven mentioned during the third quarter we shipped 
approximately 1.7 million doses of flu vaccine. And as of the close of business that number stood at approximately 7 
million doses, that's at the close of business at the end of October. 

So we're more than 50% of the way through our expected doses. We have a strong order book and we are comfortable 
at this stage that we should ship the 13.5 million doses of flu vaccine. 

In closing, we're comfortable that all of our business units are really performing well even the North America dental 
business, the physician and vet business in North America. Our international business is making good progress on the 
integrations on to one common platform. And our practice management technology business also had a good quarter. 

Of course, the sale of digital X-Ray, which has largely driven by technology business, in fact, reflected on the North 
America dental – US and Canadian dental books, and that was also very, very good this quarter. 

So I think we're ready to take some questions at this point. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] 

Your first question comes from Glen Santangelo with Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Hi. Stanley, I just had a couple of quick question on your dental equipment business. You sort 
of cited that D4D, if you allow for the additional 20 weeks of testing that kind of takes you out until the March/April 
timeframe, I mean have you kind of built anything into your 2007 expectations if you're expecting the product to kind 
of be live at some point in mid-2007, if that's a reasonable way to think about it? 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: With respect to E4D, we did not build any expectations for sales into our '07 guidance. And 
the reason for that is simply because we're really trying to pinpoint – as we said in previous calls – the timing of when 
the product will be launched, you know, really its difficult, so in order to be conservative we did not include any impact 
in our '07 guidance. 

<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Okay. And just one more -


<A - Stanley Bergman>: Having said that Glen. And what I would think is also important to realize is – from what we 
hear from the manufacturer of the product we'll be to market in earlier probably 2007. However, there will be expenses 
associated with launching such a new product. So whereas we're very, very excited – in fact the feedback we're getting 


from users that actually using the product is really terrific. I mean it's really terrific. But I think we need to be cautious 
as to the number of units we roll out in any particular point in time. And more importantly also realize that from a 
financial point of view there will be expenses involved in launching the product. 

<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Okay. That's fair, Stan. And just one more question on the equipment side – you had another 
kind of impressive quarter here in terms of same store growth in terms of equipment. And you highlighted some of 
your manufacturing relationships. How much of that growth is really being driven by these preferred relationships you 
have and how much of that is really kind of just organic market growth? How should I be thinking about the growth 
rate in the equipment market now? 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: Yes. I don't think you should attribute much at this point at any event to the introduction of 
BIOLASE or ISI. We had good sales for the combination of those two at the ADA meeting and we expect to have very 
good sales at the New York meeting. But I don't think you should count for much in the third quarter. 

Having said that, I think we've mentioned that digital x-ray was strong. I think the category is doing well but I also 
think that the DEXIS and the proprietary system that we have plus two or three other manufacturers are all doing well. 
Having said that we're also doing well in our core business, you know we have unnaturally low penetration and general 
dental distributors account for about 30% of the sale in the equipment category. We are in the low 20% maybe 22, 23. 
So we're closing that gap and we are doing more business of the traditional equipment with our existing customer base. 

<Q - Glen Santangelo>: And then just my last question on flu vaccines and then I will jump off. You said you 
distributed 1.7 million doses as of the end of the quarter. If I remember correctly I thought Novartis got approval and 
started shipping in August, which would suggest that really you're not doing much business with Novartis/Chiron these 
days, and really most of that incremental volume that we saw this quarter, is that all coming from Glaxo? 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: We are under a confidentiality agreement with these manufacturers as to how many doses we 
are shipping from each. But having said that, I think we have indicated in the past that the majority of the profits – a 
vast majority of the profits are expected to be generated from the ID Biomedical contract, which you may recall is an 
agreement on very favorable terms. 

<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Yes. Okay. Thanks for the comments. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from David Veal with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - David Veal>: Thanks. Steve, can you walk me through the derivative thing again – I am sorry at – just help me 
understand because it seems like at one point you are saying that you really didn't have a lot of foreign exchange risk. 
And it sounds like the change in this derivative accounting may increase your exposure there. Can you walk us through 
that? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Sure. And I'll try to do it in lay terms because it is a very complex accounting issue. First, as 
we highlighted in our press release, there is a one-time non-recurring gain of $2 million pre-tax related to this treasury 
initiative. We will not see any future gains or losses of foreign exchange because of this transition. But that is just a 
one-time item. 

But basically the treasury initiative that we implemented and what it does is effectively it converts a portion of our debt 
from US denominated debt to Euro denominated debt and it does that synthetically through foreign exchange contracts. 
And because the euro rates are lower than the US rates, one, it gives us a future benefit going forward. And two, the 
most important reason why we did it is it matches our funding of our European operations so that in all of our debt 
being US denominated, we now have euro denominated in order to match our business, which about 27% of our CS 
sales are international. So that's really the main reason to really – it should bring less volatility to our earnings related to 
foreign exchange rates because now we have a matching of our debt to the assets that are employed in Europe. So I 
don't know if you have a follow-up question. I try not to have too many questions on one topic but I know it is very 


complicated area. Does that help you? 

<Q - David Veal>: Yes. I think so, I guess my question would be if we – why now and what would the impact of this 
been had you done it, say a year ago? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: I don't know what the one-time gain or loss would have been a year ago. And quite honestly, I 
would have to run some numbers to be able to see where the Euro was, where the – a year ago because of the 
complexion of our business, we may have not done exactly what we're doing today because we have a larger footprint 
in Europe. So I don't know if I could really answer the question without running some numbers and making some 
assumptions. 

<Q - David Veal>: Okay. That's fair. I'll circle back. 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Okay. 

<Q - David Veal>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, we ask that you limit you question to one to leave time for other questioner. Your next question 
comes from Lisa Gill with J.P. Morgan. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: Good morning, and thanks very much. I was wondering if maybe you could just talk about a little bit 
on the dental consumable side. Obviously much stronger than what we had anticipated. Just wondering what some of 
the drivers are there. And then secondly, Stanley, you talked about the some of these limited relationships with the 
manufacturers. Do you see that as a wave of the future? Is that how many manufacturers you anticipate going that way 
or maybe you can talk about some of them that you anticipate over the next year would be great? 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: The consumable growth rate, I think, is reflective of our growth programs that have been the 
drivers of our consumer growth and, you know, our equipment growth for a long time. Of course, the PRIVILEGES 
program, we have had additional FSCs, field sales consultants. Of course, some of the FSCs are rookies that we 
brought on a year ago are now being more productive. I would say education is perhaps one of the biggest drivers, 
continuing education program, helping practitioners – helping field sales consultants gear up towards more of a 
consulting sales approach versus an order-taking approach and utilizing telesales to do the order taking and electronic 
ordering to take orders as being the driver. 

As far as equipment, you know, essentially I think the major manufacturers are lined up at this point and we have a 
good relationship as you know with the world's leading equipment manufacturers, at least the number two – number 
one and number two. 

As to future, there are not many large ones that don't have these defined relationships. Having said that, I think new 
technologies will be introduced more and more on this kind of exclusive type of arrangement. And I don't think we 
need too many more to really have terrific equipment growth rate. In fact, if all we do is work these relationships well, 
we will continue to have excellent equipment growth rate for the next period of time, driven by digital X-ray and then 
of course the laser and the CAD/CAM, the ISI type system, there will be additional systems introduced. Sirona will be 
introducing a system shortly, and we expect that to drive market growth for us as well. So – and then, of course, E4D 
comes along. So I think our equipment growth rates are quite promising for several years to come. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: And then Steve, that 15% rate that we saw internally generated, do you think that that's a good 
number going forward? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: No, Lisa, what we would try not to do is give specific growth rates for categories of products. 
But you know our model calls for internal growth of the market rate, which is about 5% plus 200 or so – 2 to 3, 400 
basis points somewhere between 7 to 9% internal growth for the Company in local currency. And we feel that, you 
know, for the year 2006 and again for 2007, we'll be well within those guidelines. 


<Q - Lisa Gill>: Great. Thanks very much for the comments. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Derek Leckow with Barrington Research. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Thank you. Good morning. Just a question on the dental consumable growth rate also. You 
know, with the Dentsply agreement, they've got number one and number two brands in the categories which they 
compete in the consumables area, doesn't that artificially or temporarily inflate your consumables growth rate on a 
same-store basis for a period of time and then should we see the reverse of that a year from now in terms of the, I 
guess, 4 to 500 basis points above market growth here? And I wonder if that's something you see moderating? 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: Yeah. First of all, there was nothing in this quarter. Second of all, it's material from a number 
of dealers, but not from the sales point of view. I think the whole business – I don't recall it sitting here right now. But I 
think it's about a $300 million business, 90% will continue through the existing channel. That's $30 million. And, you 
know, I don't know, pick a number, Schein will get 30 to 40% of that. So it's $1 million a month. I mean it's really – it's 
not huge. But I do think it sends a very strong signal to our sales force that one of the leading distributors in dentistry is 
committed to distribution through the distribution channel, and I don't think you should read a huge increase in sales 
into that change of distribution strategy. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: And does your agreement with Dentsply preclude you from striking the same type of deal with 
other large dental consumables manufacturers? 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: There is nothing in it that precludes us from entering into similar type arrangements, 
identical data format that is provided during specific periods iscustomized to Dentsply's needs. But this should not 
impact our relationship with our leading manufacturers, all of who know that we are committed to them as well, and 
Dentsply knows we're committed to them. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Just if I can just ask one small follow-up to that, does it improve your ability to consolidate the 
US distribution industry? I mean are there other opportunities now that you see perhaps coming your way in terms of 
acquisition pricing and so forth? 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: Well, I don't think this really improves acquisition pricing per se. I do believe the smaller 
dealers will be challenged not only because of this – this is a small contributing fact. But essentially, the race is not 
about who provides product maybe at the best price, even full rate logistics, I think we're better at that than anyone else. 
But I don't think that's what the race is about. The race is about value-added services and the quality of the sales force 
on the value-added services side, the technology, components, specifically the practice management, electronic medical 
record, equipment that goes around that. I think those are all the important areas. And I would think it would be quite 
hard for a small dealership to compete in that arena. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Christopher McFadden with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Christopher McFadden>: Thank you, and good morning. Steve, I was just hoping for a little clarification 
vis-à-vis the 2006 guidance. So if I understand you trimmed that high end of the range back a couple of cents, $2.14 
from $2.16. And just want to confirm that principally reflects the reduction in terms of the number of flu doses for the 
year? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Yes, Chris. The – you know just – you know to go through the numbers we previously 
expected 15 to 17 million doses of flu vaccine to be sold this year. We're now expecting to sell 13.5 million and 


virtually the entire reason why we trimmed the top-end was because of that lower doses of flu vaccine. 

<Q - Christopher McFadden>: The dose reduction as you've just confirmed does that reflect a reduction in your 
ordering volume or is that also reflective or is there a supply element to the lower volume, because I sense then that 
volume – in aggregate the market seemed to have been reasonably okay this year? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Yeah, you know, I'm glad you ask that question. The reduction in what we expect to sell is 
exclusively because of the ability to only access 13.5 million doses in the market. Some of our sourcing has come out 
with lower yields in production and therefore that lower yield of production, you know, converts into lower supply for 
us. So really it has nothing to do with our ability to sell more, it has everything to do with our ability to access products 
during the flu season timeframe. 

<Q - Christopher McFadden>: Good. Thank you. And then finally you gave some nice color in terms of disposable 
medical sales on year-over-year basis. I was wondering if you could just give us some color on disposable medical 
sales on a year-over-year basis? And now I'll stop. Thank you. 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Okay. I'll give you color as you said because I would rather not go into specifics for 
competitive reasons. The color is that our disposable medical sales grew very nicely during quarter. We believe we 
picked up market share that was one of the strongest segments of our business, remember the negative impact on to the 
overall medical sale is related to our pharma product categories specifically flu and tetanus. So we are happy with the 
disposable med surge product line performance in the third quarter. 

<Q - Christopher McFadden>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: And Chris, just to – to maybe highlight what, Steven said early on. I think the tightening in 
the range is reflective of a very strong core business and reflected really as the fact that we had to reduce our 
expectations on receipt of flu vaccine. But overall our businesses when you look at them from a bottom line point of 
view, are essentially all doing well. 

<Q - Christopher McFadden>: Understand. And maybe while on that point and we talked about 2007 guidance. Can 
you just highlight, you know, you're growing internationally – you obviously continue to develop your sales force 
organization, from the expense perspective maybe what is the Board and senior management team identify kind of one 
or two areas where you've made important investments in 2007, they obviously are reflective to the guidance but still 
reflect areas where you'll continue to kind of evolve the organization? 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: When we talk about expenses the big opportunity is the reduction of expenses or in fact the 
making – increasing the productivity in our European business. I think that is critical and I think what could expand 
that into really all of our acquisitions and specifically Canada where we think that once we make these businesses more 
efficient we will naturally increase our operating margin. Having said that all, I think that is our expectation without 
getting into anything very specific, that we will expand operating margin for the full year of 2007 in accordance with 
our model. 

<Q - Christopher McFadden>: Very good. Thank you. 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: And 2006 by the way. 

<Q - Christopher McFadden>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from John Kreger with William Blair. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Thanks guys. Sticking with the margin theme, Steve I think you mentioned nonrecurring expenses 
as one of the reasons why the operating margin was down year-over-year. Could you just expand on that? 


<A - Steven Paladino>: Sure, John. You know, I tend not to like to give – get very specific on nonrecurring expenses, 
because there is always some amount of nonrecurring expenses that a company has. On the other hand this quarter they 
were more significant than normal, so that's why we talked about it. They basically relate to two areas, one area is that 
we have some expenses in our Canadian business. But while I can't say they are directly related to the integration 
activities from the recent Ash Temple acquisitions. I think I couldn't say that those expenses are – that could be viewed 
as a by-product of those activities. And the second area that we had non-recurring expenses was in our technology 
business where we wrote off some capitalized software in the technology business. And, you know, again although not 
directly related to a small acquisition on the medical side that we didn't announce because of its size probably can be 
viewed as a by-product of that acquisition. Without getting into specific detail on amounts, we do believe that the non 
recurring expenses as well as now if I add the lower tetanus sales they'd probably had a 2 to 3 cents negative impact 
during the quarter. 

<Q - John Kreger>: And just to be clear, 2 to 3 cents – that's from the non-recurring and the lower tetanus? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Yes. 

<Q - John Kreger>: And flu also or just tetanus and... 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Well, flu really didn't have as significant an impact on the bottom line because in both periods 
there were not a lot of flu vaccine sales. It did have a little bit more meaningful impact on the topline for medical but 
not on our bottom line. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Great. Thanks. And then one question unrelated, can you give us an update your vet business, 
how do you stand with the NLS integration and just in general how is that platform performing? Are you looking to add 
further assets there? Are you comfortable? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Okay. You know the NLS Animal Health acquisition we're very pleased with; it's performing 
a little bit ahead of our acquisition model. It's getting – it's continuing to get strong sales growth on a year-over-year 
basis. From an integration perspective we have not yet integrated the operations of NLS. We elected to spend our 
integration efforts on integrating on the Darby companies. And as Stanley reported of that is complete. And now we are 
in the planning process for NLS. And that would be something that we will look at in the first half of 2007 to be 
completed. As far as a future growth strategy, although the veterinary market is the smallest market that we participate 
in. We would like to continue to do strategic acquisitions in the veterinary market both in the domestic side and the 
international side. We think that's a good opportunity for us and you know if the right opportunities present themselves 
at the right pricing I think we will take advantage of it. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Steven Postal with Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Thanks a lot. Good morning. Steve, can you go through the field sales force numbers in the U.S. 
and the world? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Sure thing. This is our field sales person counts, I will start with on a worldwide basis and let 
me just recap. At the end of the second quarter last quarter we had 2,311 field sales consultants worldwide. At the end 
of the third quarter we now have 2,394 sales people so we are up about 80 some odd people over the second quarter. 
Specifically the bulk of that, about 70 people, is in the U.S. dental market and the balance is primarily in international 
market. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay. And then just a question on the medical business. I just wonder if you could elaborate on 
some of the trends there in the context of the competitive environment. Is the injectables and the vaccine business 
becoming more competitive there? And then a second question, are you selling Gardasil – Gardasil and if so can you 
talk about the impact in the business? 


<A - Steven Paladino>: Okay. I don't think that we think that the injectables and vaccine market has any significant 
change in the competitive landscape. It's still an important product category for our medical business. Unfortunately 
because of timing our flu vaccine and tetanus, while that product category obviously was not strong this quarter it's all 
timing related. But I don't think there's any significant change in the competitive landscape. With respect to that new 
product quite honestly I'm not familiar with that product. I would have to check with our medical team and get back to 
you if we are selling it or not. 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: Yeah. The Gardasil I think is a good product in terms of sales but you know on vaccines in 
general the margin on branded injectables is never that high. It's not what we push for it's the injectables that we go 
after and our market position with respect to injectables is doing very well and the margins are growing nicely. Of 
course – and flu vaccine is distributed now by more distributors these days than in the past, and having said that the 
deal we have with ID Biomedical/GSK is that's one of the most favorable if not the most favorable in the marketplace 
that is focused on the office-based practitioners. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: And there is one follow-up question. You know, When we saw you at the ADA meeting last 
month, there certainly was a lot of buzz in regards to the 3D 4D technology category Stanley I know you had some 
comments on the ISI agreements, I'm just wondering if could maybe elaborate on now how you feel about the market 
opportunity there? 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: Well, now that we have I don't know 1200 sale people talking about it, I think that category 
is getting a lot more traction within the dental office and Solana will be introducing a product – I think it's been shown 
already I'm not sure when it's actually going to be launched, but I think it's going to be launched in this country early 
next year. So maybe you'll have another 1,500 sales people of our competitors talking about the category. So I think 
overall the category is going to grow and do well, it might take a while to really get to its potential, but we're seeing a 
good traction from the ISI agreement. The challenge with ISI is – it's a relatively smallish company. So you know, 
we're going to create together with their relatively small sales force a lot of demand and we have to be very careful as 
to how many units we sell to make sure that we obtain the right kind of customer service. But if you add them and you 
add Solana I think the buzz in the marketplace presents a nice opportunity and as I mentioned earlier on this will fuel 
our equipment growth together with the DEXIS line and the BIOLASE and then the E4D. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Robert Willoughby with Banc of America Securities. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Steve, you may have mentioned it but can you comment on international profitability, 
what kind of trajectory you're on there with the Demedis deal? 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: Our plan is to end up with a 6 or to have at least 6% operating income for the year 2008, is it 
Steven? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Yes. 2008. 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: 2008. And we're on the way to getting there, that's our focus. I can go through the all steps 
but I think we've discussed this with the Street before but essentially it relates to closing down the distribution system 
in the Netherlands in the Benelux that's all been done and Austria has being done now. It's almost done already, putting 
the old Henry Schein businesses on the same platform as the platform that Demedis had, changing the name of 
Demedis to Henry Schein Dental Depot Germany and putting over Henry Schein what was then full service 
independent dealerships on that same that platform and same marketing position and moving the Henry Schein German 
system DEXIS – Demedis system into Spain, into France, into Italy all of that is well on the way all and we're moving 
our private brand to come close to all of these things are going to drive operating margin I think that's going to be our 
focus over the next period until 2008 and I think turning the book of business that we now have into the same profit 


capability and cash flow that we had from the old Henry Schein German businesses is our objective. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Can we say any of the margin improvement in the quarter stemmed from material 
improvements there or is it still too early to have that show up in the income statement now? 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: I don't have the specifics, Steven can answer that, but essentially the third quarter in Europe 
is never a material quarter in the context of our business overall because it's a very weak quarter generally, but the 
fourth quarter will be more important but if Steven, I don't know. 

<A - Steven Paladino>: To our overall results that really had minimal impact, but we did see some margin 
improvement during the third quarter on the international standalone basis. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Steven Paladino>: At full year, of course, I think it will have an impact. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Sure. 

Operator 

We have time for one more question. Your next question comes from Jeff Johnson with Robert Baird. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Good morning guys. Thanks for taking the question. Steve if I remember correctly, the 
contract with ID Biomedical and GSK had a fixed plus a variable component, if flu vaccine pricing would falls off at 
the end of the year here would there be any movement on your margins, is that somewhat protected by that or is that 
more of an annualized type contractual term? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: The GSK contract does provide for a flexible pricing for what we pay based on our average 
sales price for the year. So if average sales price is higher than our expectations, you know, if the profit sharing 
arrangement, we would pay a little bit more but we make more money and obviously vice versa if average sales price is 
lower, we pay a little bit less, to maintain our margin, but we would in absolute dollars make a little bit less. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Great. And then just one other follow-up from a previous question. I know you gave 
worldwide sales force numbers, did you comment on US sales force, did I miss that? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Yeah. I just said that US sales force was up about 70 – 70 people during the third quarter. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Got it. Thank you. 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Okay. 

Stanley M. Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Okay, ladies and gentlemen, I think, you know we want to try to keep the call to an hour and I think that is the last 
question. We thank you very very much for participating in this call. And if you have any further questions, specific 
questions please feel free to give Steve a call at 631-843-5915 and Susan Vassallo at similar number with the 5562 
being the last four digits of the number. 

So as you can tell, we are very confident about the business, we remain extremely enthusiastic. The earning power of 
Henry Schein has never been greater and we think that our ability to turn our profits into cash remains very strong. We 
think the business is a terrific cash flow generator. We are moving towards a better utilization of the capital employed 
in the business. And as I mentioned, at least two or three times all of our businesses are, we believe, doing well, in 
terms of improving on performance. 

Well, thank you very much and we look forward to speaking with you again in 90 days. 


Operator 

This concludes today's Henry Schein's third quarter conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


