Company Name: Henry Schein 
Company Ticker: HSIC US 
Date: 2007-02-21 
Event Description: Q4 2006 Earnings Call 

Q4 2006 Earnings Call 

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Henry Schein Fourth Quarter Conference Call. At this time, 
all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session and instructions will 
follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this call is being recorded. I would 
now like to introduce your host for today's call, Susan Vassallo, Henry Schein's Director of Corporate 
Communications. Please go ahead Susan. 

Susan Vassallo, Director, Corporate Communications 

Thank you, operator, and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's fourth quarter results. If 
you have not received a copy of our earnings news release issued earlier this morning, please call (631) 843-5937 and a 
copy will be faxed to you immediately, or you can obtain a copy on our website at www.henryschein.com. 

With us this morning are Stanley Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; and Steven 
Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Also with us today is Neal Goldner who has recently 
joined us as Vice President of Investor Relations. 

Before we begin, I would like to point out that, as always, certain comments made during this call will include 
information that is forward looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may 
affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may differ from 
those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. Further, these forward-looking statements are 
qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's Securities and Exchange 
Commission filings. The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of 
the date of the live broadcast, today, February 21st, 2007. The company undertakes no obligation to revise or update 
any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this conference call. 

Now, I would like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman. 

Stanley M. Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you very much, Susan, and good morning everyone and also thank you very much for joining us. We are very, 
very pleased today to be reporting our fourth quarter financial results featuring diluted earnings per share from 
continuing operations at 70 cents, representing a growth of some 25% in earnings per share this year versus last year 
for the same quarter. As we close out what is really a milestone year with more than $5 billion in net sales, we enter 
2007 enthusiastic, in fact very enthusiastic about our market and our business model and, of course, the future of Henry 
Schein. 

In a moment, I'll address and speak to our accomplishments and update you on various initiatives that we are working 
on, but let me first turn over the call to Steve Paladino, our Chief Financial Officer, who will provide you with an 
overview of our quarterly and full-year financial performance. Steve? 

Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Director 


Okay, thank you, Stan. Let me begin by saying that I am also pleased to report strong financial results for both the 
fourth quarter and full year of 2006. As we have done with past quarterly earnings news releases and conference calls, 
all current and prior year financial information has been restated to report the hospital supply business as a discontinued 
operation and to exclude that business from the detail of our income statement. There was no gain or loss on 
discontinued operations for the 2006 fourth quarter. However, the 2005 fourth quarter, the 2005 full-year results, and 
the 2006 full-year results do include the impact of discontinued operations. For purposes of comparability, I will 
discuss our results from continuing operations without the discontinued hospital supply business in the affected periods. 

Our net sales for the quarter ended December 30th, 2006, were $1.5 billion, reflecting 11.6% growth over the fourth 
quarter of 2005, or 9.3% growth in local currencies. 2.3% of this growth was internally generated, while 7% acquisition 
growth was primarily due to our acquisitions of certain Darby companies and NLS Animal Health in the United States 
as well as Provet in Switzerland. 

The fourth quarter of 2006 included one less week compared with the fourth quarter of 2005 which was part of a 
53-week fiscal year. We estimate that the 2.3% reported internal sales growth in local currencies for the 2006 fourth 
quarter was approximately 7.3% when adjusting for this extra week in the 2005 fourth quarter. We believe that this 
internal sales growth, which includes a comparable number of weeks in the prior-year quarter, is the best indicator of 
our sales performance, and during today's call I will provide adjusted growth figures in addition to reported sales 
growth for each of our business groups. Please note that these details of sales growth are also contained in Exhibit A of 
our news release. 

Operating margin from continuing operations for the fourth quarter of 2006 was 7%, 69 basis points higher than the 
comparable operating margin in the fourth quarter of 2005. Let me point out that this expansion in operating margin 
was achieved despite a decrease in operating margins related to influenza vaccine sales. While flu vaccine sales still 
have an excellent operating margin for us, they were down versus the prior year because of mix of product we received 
from manufacturers. 

Our effective tax rate from continuing operations for the fourth quarter was 35.1%; that compares to 36.5% in the 
fourth quarter of 2005. We expect our tax rate during 2007 to remain in the range of 35%. Fourth quarter net income 
from continuing operations was $63 million which represents growth of 27.4% from the prior-year fourth quarter. 
Earnings per diluted share from continuing operations for the fourth quarter of 2006 were 70 cents, reflecting an 
increase of 25% over the fourth quarter of 2005. 

Taking a look at our financial performance for the full year, our net sales for 2006 were an all-time record $5.15 billion, 
reflecting 11.2% growth over 2005, including 5.2% internal sales growth in local currencies. We estimated – we 
estimate that the reported internal sales growth in local currencies of 5.2% was approximately 6.7% when adjusting for 
the extra week in 2005. 

Our operating margin expanded by 24 basis points for the year over 2005 and, as with the fourth quarter, let me also 
say that this expansion in operating margin was also achieved despite a decrease in the operating margin for the year 
related to influenza vaccine sales, again due to the mix of products we received from manufacturers this year versus last 
year. 2006 net income and earnings per diluted share, both from continuing operations, increased 21.3% and 19.3% 
respectively versus the prior year. 

Let me now provide you some detail on sales results for the fourth quarter. Our dental sales for the fourth quarter of 
2006 were $604 million, representing 12.9% growth in US dollars or 12.5% in local currencies; 6% of this local 
currency growth was internally generated and approximately 6.5% was primarily due to the Darby acquisitions. The 
performance of the acquired Darby companies for us is tracking above our acquisition model expectations. We estimate 
that the reported 6% Dental Group internal sales growth in local currencies, adjusting for the extra week, was actually 
11.5% including dental consumable merchandise growth of 5.6% and dental equipment sales and service growth of 
26.6%. Biolase, ISI [Imaging Sciences International] as well as other high-tech products including digital radiography 
products helped fuel our dental equipment sales growth for the quarter. 

Medical sales were $451 million in the fourth quarter, up 6.1%. Sales declined 3.5% internally, offset by 9.6% 
acquisition growth. We estimate that the reported 6.1% total sales growth for the Medical Group was 11.1% when 
adjusting for the extra week. We further estimate that adjusting for the extra week the reported 3.5% decline in Medical 
internal sales growth equated to 1.5% internal sales growth. It is important to note that when you exclude all 
pharmaceutical product sales from our Medical Group sales the internal growth rate adjusting for the extra week was 
approximately equal to our estimate for what the market is growing at. 


Moving to our International Group, International sales for the fourth quarter of 2006 were 416 million US dollars, up 
15.9% over the prior year. Growth in local currencies was 7.7%, with 3.3% internally generated and 4.4% due to the 
Provet acquisition. Foreign currency exchange contributed 8.2% to our growth. We estimate that the reported internal 
sales growth of 3.3% in local currencies for our International Group was actually 7.3% adjusting for the extra week, 
and we had really strong growth in both Germany and Spain within our International Group. 

Finally, Technology and Value-Added Services sales were $27.5 million and were 15.6% ahead of Q4 of 2005, with 
15.4% of that growth in local currencies and approximately 0.2% growth in foreign exchange currency rates. Of that 
15.4% local currency growth, 9.2% was internally generated and 6.2% was acquisition growth. We also estimate that 
the reported 9.2% internal sales growth was 17.7% adjusting for the extra week. 

Let me take a brief look at some of the highlights of our balance sheet and cash flow for the quarter. Operating cash 
flow for the quarter was $170.7 million compared to $148.7 million in the prior year fourth quarter. Our operating cash 
flow for the full year was $235 million. We are really very pleased with the strong cash flow from operations for both 
the quarter and the full year. Let me point out that we achieved our full-year goal of operating cash flow exceeding net 
income. In fact, our free cash flow approximated net income in a year where capital expenditures were unusually high 
due to the opening of a new French warehouse during 2006. Going forward, we expect annual capital expenditures to 
be in the 45 to $55 million range per year. 

As of the year-end 2006, our balance sheet remains very strong and reflects cash on hand and short-term securities of 
$298 million. We also have additional borrowing capabilities on committed lines of approximately $300 million. Our 
accounts receivable days sales outstanding from continuing operations were 37 days for the quarter and reflect a 
0.6-day improvement from the fourth quarter of 2005. On a full-year basis, days sales outstanding from continuing 
operations were 40.8 days compared to 41.8 days in 2005. 

Our inventory turns from continuing operations for the fourth quarter were 7.5 turns, down 0.6 turns from the fourth 
quarter of 2005. Our full-year inventory turns, also from continuing operations, were 6.8 turns and that compares to 
about 7 turns last year. 

Return on committed capital from continuing operations was 41% for the fourth quarter of 2006. That's up from 39.3% 
in the fourth quarter of 2005 and this return on committed capital for the full year from continuing operations was 
31.9%, also an improvement compared to the prior year of 31.3%. 

Let me conclude my remarks by affirming guidance for 2007. Diluted EPS is expected to be $2.51 to $2.57 per share. 
This represents an increase of 23 to 26% compared with our 2006 diluted EPS from continuing operations. This 2007 
EPS guidance includes our expectations that we will distribute approximately 20 million doses of influenza vaccine 
during 2007. Also, our 2007 guidance is for continuing operations and includes completed or previously announced 
acquisitions and does not include the impact of any future acquisitions if any that may occur. 

Let me now turn it over to Stanley. 

Stanley M. Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you very much Steven. In reporting financial results today, we cap off an extremely productive and rewarding 
year. 

We made several important acquisitions during 2006, including Provet Holdings, expanding our position in the Swiss 
market, specifically into the veterinary area; Island Dental, expanding our reach into the full-service dental market in 
the United States; Darby Medical Supply, expanding our physician business within the United States market; Darby 
Dental Laboratory Supply, expanding our position within the lab dental market in the United States, in fact creating 
together with Zahn by far the leader in the dental lab distribution market in the United States; and NLS, creating 
high-quality animal health distribution business in the United States. 

I'm extremely pleased with the outstanding performance of our integration teams who worked very well on integrating 
these companies as we achieved our integration goals in a seamless manner, essentially with no disruption to the 
customers and in fact on time and well within budget. Through these transactions as well as divesting our hospital 
supply business, we strengthened our focus on our core competencies during the year 2006 and in fact expanded our 
presence amongst key customers and in specific geographies. These acquired companies in total had 2005 sales at a run 


rate of approximately $379 million. As announced at the time of the acquisitions, together they are expected to be 
accretive in 2007 from a diluted earnings per share of between 4 and 9 cents and this contribution is reflected in the 
guidance that Steven gave you. 

During 2006, we saw a continued trend amongst various dental manufacturers toward the value-added distribution 
channel and, of course, as the leader in the industry, Henry Schein is ideally positioned to benefit from this trend. 

Last year, leading companies such as Biolase, on the laser side; DENTSPLY, Imaging Sciences International, which in 
the meanwhile has been acquired by Danaher, on the cone beam x-ray side; and Procter & Gamble, just to name a few, 
have recognized the benefits we bring in delivering solutions to the healthcare professional. 

Our relationship with the major equipment manufacturers, including Sirona, Danaher, Air Techniques, and several 
other manufacturers in particular continue to provide mutual benefit, and in early 2007, earlier part of this year, 
Milestone Scientific named Henry Schein as exclusive distributor of their Single Tooth Anesthesia System, a machine 
for providing more comfortable anesthetic to patients and a machine that we actually think is terrific from a quality of 
care point of view. 

Milestone announced the distribution of that Single Tooth Anesthesia System and its other products, dental 
professionals in the United States and Canada for exclusive distribution through Henry Schein. 

At Henry Schein, we are pleased that our value-added distribution model enables us to play an important role in helping 
our manufacturers – partners increased market share and bring to our customers an even increasing number of products 
and services, including many on an exclusive basis or semi-exclusive basis. In the end, we're able to provide better 
services to our suppliers, but also be of greater help to our customers. 

Let me take a moment to comment on our business groups, specifically on the Dental Group. In early January of this 
year, we completed an expanded agreement with DEXIS. We have been the exclusive distributor of the DEXIS Digital 
X-ray products since 2005, and we have made some changes that leverage each company's strength and will further 
improve our customer service. 

Effectively, the agreement provides for Henry Schein to continue to be the exclusive distributor of all imaging products 
offered by DEXIS, including the DENTRIX and Easy Dental brand imaging products. While DEXIS will in turn focus 
on maintaining and enhancing the technical functionality of these products, we're each now focused on what we do 
best: Henry Schein on the distribution and the marketing side and DEXIS on what they do best, manufacturing and 
R&D. 

DENTRIX Image software will continue to be fully supported and integrated with the DENTRIX practice-management 
software. Although the formal agreement has transferred to DEXIS certain assets and liabilities related to our 
DENTRIX digital imaging business, there is no gain or loss that will be recorded on this transaction. 

There also will be no changes to our reported categorization of sales, as we will continue to sell the same products. 
DENTRIX will continue to develop and sell and of course, support the DENTRIX Easy Dental practice management 
systems and related services. So, we will of course, focus on the software side of practice management. And in fact, we 
are committed to growing our high-tech business and remaining an industry leader through our support of a wide range 
of digital products, including the expanded DEXIS portfolio, as well as digital products from Sirona, Instrumentarium, 
Air Techniques, and actually a couple of other manufacturers, all of which have open architecture to our 
practice-management software. 

I think this is important to recognize that our practice-management software will still be the platform that will be 
maintained to provide a highway for these leading manufacturers of digital x-rays to offer their products for integration 
with the practice-management systems that we will offer both the Easy Dental and the DENTRIX practice-management 
software. 

In fact, the strength of our dental equipment growth rates in recent quarters is testament to demand for this high-tech 
product offering, including our new exclusive relationship with Biolase and ISI, Imaging Sciences International. 

As a final topic regarding our Dental Group, let me update you on the status of E4D dental restoration system. We 
continued to showcase this product to dentists. In fact, E4D will have an enhanced presence at our booth at this week's 
important Chicago Midwinter Dental Conference which begins later this week. Consistent with previous guidelines, we 
expect to launch this product in 2007. 


Now, briefly turning to our Medical Group, as is well known, we distributed fewer doses of injectable influenza 
vaccine during 2006 then we had initially planned. For the year, we achieved our most recent goal of selling nearly 9 
million doses. The shortfall from initial expectations, however, was due to receiving product from our largest supplier 
GlaxoSmithKline, later than we originally expected. 

Historically, most flu vaccinations take place in September and October, as well as to a lesser extent in November and a 
bit in December. Despite work by the CDC and others to encourage later season vaccination and promote benefits of 
vaccination into December and, in fact, beyond, even into January. And as we are here today, it's still feasible to have a 
flu vaccine shot, we are told by the CDC. 

The market for flu vaccine slows dramatically after late November. This is not unusual and occurs every year, 
including a couple of years ago when it was very limited supply of product. People still wanted to have their products 
really before Thanksgiving. 

In 2006, a significant amount of GSK product did not arrive at the Henry Schein facilities until much later in the 
season. We certainly believe that if the product had been received earlier in the season, we would have had no issues 
selling all of the doses. And by the way, we had no inventory risk over here at all. I believe most of you know that 2006 
was the first year for the GSK flu label product in the United States. You'll recall that this is the product GSK acquired 
through their purchase of ID Biomedical. Flu label is manufactured in a Canadian facility, it's an addition to regulatory 
approval for the product, which is an annual requirement of all flu manufacturers. In 2006, GSK had an added one-time 
requirement regarding product importation into the US from Canada, which was received in October, that's the FDA 
approval on the product per se, it's a one-time approval. 

We believe that having met this one-time importation requirement last year, products should be received much earlier 
in the season this year, in the year 2007. We also believe that the number of Americans receiving a flu vaccination 
during 2006 was adversely impacted by the timing and availability of injectable vaccine, and does not really reflect the 
demand issues for this product. 

We do remain confident in our expectations to distribute approximately 20 million doses of influenza vaccine in 2007, 
which will be more than any other distributor. This figure is in line with the number of doses we distributed in 2003, 
which was the last year before various manufacturing and regulatory issues adversely impacted our supply of this 
product. 

Now, let me spend a few minutes on the International Group of Henry Schein. As you know, one of our key priorities 
overseas is to expand operating margins. I am pleased to report that we are making progress towards our goal of 
doubling our operating margins to 6% in three years. To that end, during the year 2006, we continued our 
implementation of the SAP computer platform. 

Now Germany, the Benelux countries, and Austria have been successfully converted to SAP, and we look forward to 
reaping the benefits of one platform across continental Europe. Late in the third quarter of this year – of last year, of 
2006, we closed our warehouse in the Netherlands, and later in the fourth quarter, we closed the former Demedis 
warehouse in Austria. These markets are now served by our German distribution centers, and the full-year financial 
benefits of those closings will be reflected in the 2007 financial results. 

Based on the progress we made in 2006, we remain confident in our ability to achieve our 6% operating margins in our 
international businesses. We also made substantial progress in integrating the Halas and the former Schein business in 
Australia to in fact create the leading platform in that country and business down there also seems to be brisk. 

So, to conclude my remarks this morning, we are pleased, in fact, very pleased with the results for 2006, fourth quarter 
and with the many accomplishments during the year. In fact, the sales were good for the quarter and the year. The 
operating margins improved very nicely for the year and for the quarter, and the accompanying cash flow was really 
terrific. We believe that all of our businesses are really making very good progress and are very pleased with this 
progress across the board. 

And now, operator, we'd be ready to take some questions. Thank you. 

Q&A 

Operator 


[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Christopher McFadden [Goldman Sachs]. 

<Q - Jennifer Hill>: Good morning. This is Jennifer Hill for Chris McFadden. Wanted to dig a little bit more into the 
flu business, what is your overall expectation for supply in the marketplace? You have one of your competitors who 
indicated that they're not going to participate next year. How does some of the supply and demand dynamics change 
your strategy going forward? 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: Well, Jennifer, we have been in this flu business for practically the entire time that flu 
vaccine has been available. We do expect to receive and distribute about 20 million doses in the year 2007. We expect 
to receive them from all three manufacturers. The CDC has expressed that it would be the right thing for 170 million 
Americans to receive the vaccine. We do believe that the increase in supply and the various programs that the federal 
government is working on to expand demand and to educate the public of the importance of inoculation will, in fact, 
result in more Americans receiving the vaccine. In total, we estimated that – we do estimate that somewhere between 
110 and 150 million doses will be available in the US in 2007 and in that connection, we expect to distribute just shy of 
18% of that. 

Although the majority of influenza vaccine that we sell is distributed to the physician office, we also sell to some other 
kinds of customers and we expect that overall, the demand between the physician office, the long-term care facility and 
some of these newer areas for vaccination will increase demand as the government education program kicks in and I 
think we're in an ideal position to distribute this product. Distributing flu vaccine is quite complex and I believe there is 
no other distributor in this country that has the expertise to manage the sale as well as we do. So we remain at this stage 
quite optimistic about our receipt of product – timely receipt of product and ability to sell. Because at the end of the 
day, it's the distribution channel that controls how the product gets sold as essentially all three of the manufacturers are 
selling a very, very similar, if not identical, product. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Derek Leckow [Barrington Research]. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Thank you. Good morning. I have a question on the dental equipment business. These 
double-digit gains we have seen over the past several years, Steven, do you see that there is a potentially a slowdown 
coming or are we still in the early stages of basically a retooling of the North American dental offices that you serve? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Well, you know, our dental equipment sales growth has been strong as you know for several 
quarters. I think that while I'm not sure we can expect 26% growth each and every quarter because that's quite a large 
growth rate, we do expect dental equipment sales growth to remain strong for several factors. One is we still are seeing 
a retooling of the dental office but more importantly than that now, we're still seeing high-tech equipment, digital x-ray, 
lasers and other high-tech products really continuing to become more commonplace in the market. There is still a big 
opportunity with something like 75% of all dental practices still without digital x-ray, over 90% without lasers, so there 
is still a big opportunity on high-tech equipment and we think while traditional equipment may slow a bit, high-tech 
equipment will continue to be very fast-growth and overall, we still see very strong growth for our dental equipment 
business at least for the foreseeable future. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: And are those things that you guys are doing that are perhaps going to maintain a higher growth 
rate for that business for Henry Schein in terms of your alliances with certain manufacturers, exclusive distribution 
arrangements, perhaps adding salespeople, reaching out to a broader audience of customers, and then any incentives 
that you might want to talk about in terms of offering financing and things like that? 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: Derek, all of that is – are areas that we're working on but I think what has to be remembered 
is that in total, approximately 30% of the dollars spent by dentists are being spent in the equipment area. We believe 
that in the Henry Schein situation, we're still at only maybe 22, 23% of the wallets of the dentists. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Okay. 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: And the reason for that is because historically, we have been a consumable company. As the 
marketplace realizes that we have an excellent line of equipment and there is no doubt that there is nothing that we 
really are missing at this stage with the exception of the CAD/CAM area, which we're working on, and we expect to 
receive that product, we would have an excellent line. Not only that, but we believe that the equipment sales and 
service capabilities that we offer today is really as good in any location, if not better, than anyone else. 


So what we have is an excellent product line, excellent services behind that and perhaps, we view our sales force as the 
most educated. We've spent a huge amount of money educating our sales force on practice management techniques and 
I believe that this is kicking in, so just the natural – closing the gap between the 22, 23% of the wallet and 30% will 
hopefully, and we expect, drive our traditional sales. 

Then, of course, you have got the high-tech sales, the digitals and of course, the lasers and the i-CATs available and the 
other cone beam technology and all this is expected to drive the equipment side of the business and I am referring to the 
United States and Canada where we remain very, very bullish on equipment. The same, by the way, is applicable in 
Europe, where in Germany, for example, we are by far the largest equipment player, and we believe that there is some 
feeling of optimism that's now reemerging in Germany specifically, so we are very, very bullish about the global 
equipment market. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Can I follow up on your comments, Stanley, in Europe, can you help us understand the market 
share dynamics that are happening there? I mean, it sounds like you are the largest in Germany, but what about some of 
the other markets? And are there potential acquisition opportunities down the road? 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: Well, in Europe, I suppose the best way to view it is that we're the most advanced in our 
dental strategy. Our plan is to replicate what, in fact, we have in the United States. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Okay. 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: On the dental side, we are in most of the markets that are important. And in fact, the three 
major markets that – or the four major markets that are important are Germany, where we have a very good equipment 
market share, and we're growing on our consumable and market share. In France, we're the only national equipment 
sales and service organization and have a very healthy consumable business with lots and lots of potential, because 
actually, although we are the largest full-service dealer in the French market, we only have something like a 20% 
market share. 

In the UK, we do very well on the consumable side, and our plan is to expand our equipment business rather 
dramatically in the next several years. And in Italy, we are the largest distributor of consumables, but really only have a 
market share of something like 12%. And on the equipment side, we are very, very new. So the opportunity in the four 
big markets remains very, very exciting. 

There are a couple of markets that we are not in today from a dental point of view, and we have plans on entering the 
entire Western European market. And we'll also over time test the water a little bit deeper in Eastern Europe. We're 
right now in the Czech Republic. But I think over the next several years, as these markets move to more traditional 
markets – when I say traditional, there is still a lot of cash that is being used to spend on dental product – as that moves 
to the more traditional way in which we do business where we can record the sales in the traditional way, I think you'll 
see us moving more into the Eastern European markets. So we remain very excited about the dental market. 

There is a terrific opportunity on the vet side. We are today, we believe, the largest veterinarian distributor in Germany 
and Switzerland. We do quite well, although not big yet, in Austria and Spain. And there are other opportunities in the 
vet market for us as well. 

On the physician side, we do a nice business in Germany. It's been subject to some regulatory issues, because 
reimbursement has been challenged in Germany. We think that the resolution that the German coalition government is 
proposing will be, in fact, implemented and that will bring stability into the physician market in Germany, which will 
give us the encouragement to invest even further. We expect to continue to expand our presence in the UK and Spain 
and also move into the rest of Europe on the medical side. And by the way, what I didn't cover is our very, very strong 
dental business in Ireland, which although it's relatively small, Ireland is a booming economy, and we do very, very 
well from both a sales and a profitability point of view. 

So we remain very, very excited about Europe. We also remain very, very excited about Australian business and New 
Zealand, although it's small. And while I'm at it I might tell you that the Canadian opportunity of bringing these two 
businesses together is very, very exciting. Although we're going through integration plans right now and executing 
those, the opportunity in Canada, specifically on the equipment side are very exciting. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Just one final point on Europe, the distribution network you have there, you have consolidated a 
couple of facilities, what would you estimate to be your current capacity utilization level? 


<A - Steven Paladino>: Derek, this is the fourth question, I think to be fair to other callers, we should allow other 
callers to ask questions. And you can get back in queue and we'll be happy to answer questions – sorry – just wanted 
to... 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Maybe I'll just follow up with you off line Steven. Thank you. 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Okay. Thank you, Derek. Next question, please. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of David Veal [Morgan Stanley]. 

<Q - David Veal>: Thank you. Just to press a little bit on the D4D, I mean, in the past we've had delays but along the 
way you've given us some milestones to help to kind of give us comfort on the progress there. I mean, I'm just 
wondering if given the lack of milestones in your commentary earlier combined with the fact that we've got a bigger 
presence at Chicago Midwinter, could we assume that we could see a D4D product sooner rather than later in 2007? 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: We have – the position we have taken on – sorry, David – the position we have taken on 
D4D is really – we have to rely on the manufacturer's guidance. The manufacturer remains quite confident that there 
will be a good product available, a competitive product available, despite much being written about this product. The 
manufacturer is still convinced that it will be a highly competitive product. The guidance we have given is still 2007, 
but we don't control the manufacturing per se. And therefore, we're not in the right position to comment exactly as to 
when it will be available. 

I think maybe earlier on we were a little bit – I think went ahead of ourselves in the sense that we commented on 
availability. But I think being the distributor here, that's not really our rightful place. And the manufacturer, as I said 
remains confident that they'll have a competitive product, which will be available this year. When I say this year, I'm 
not saying the end of the year, but they are really very optimistic. They have had a number of good reports on the 
product, but there's a lot of testing that they still want to go through. And I think we want to be mindful of their desire 
to test this product appropriately before we start making it available commercially. 

<Q - David Veal>: Okay. So we shouldn't really be, you know, think – I mean, the Chicago Midwinter and IDS 
particularly in Cologne are big new product introduction shows. So we shouldn't show up there with 100 grand in our 
pocket, is that kind of message? 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: Well, you can make a deposit if you want. 

<Q - David Veal>: Okay. Great! Thank you. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson [Robert W. Baird]. 

<Q - Jeff Johnson>: Stanley, Steve. Good morning. Can you hear me? 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: Yes, we can hear you fine. 

<Q - Jeff Johnson>: Great. Well, in the interest of one question here, let me mash together a couple of international 
questions. One in Germany at the beginning of this year, there was a VAT increase, and I know your German business 
was strong this quarter. How should we think of that going into Q1 then? Was there any pull-forward into Q4 out of 
Q1? 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: I think that's a very good question, and yes, you are correct. The fourth quarter of last year I 
think was somewhat positively impacted by the VAT pull-forward as you call it. So I think we probably used that as a 
way to incentivize manufacturers sitting on the fence to actually close on the sale. Having said that, we are actually 
very optimistic about the IDS and expect to do very well. We did very well at the IDS last year if you recall – two years 
ago, if you recall, and are actually trying to work with manufacturers to ensure that perhaps on some of the products, 
we could ship them in the first quarter rather than wait till the second quarter. 


But whether that is something that happens or doesn't happen, and I'm not sure how hard we should focus on that, what 
we're pretty sure of is that in aggregate the first and the second quarters will be good from an equipment point of view. 
At least that's the way we see it today, because there will be quite a lot of exciting technology and improvements on 
even some of the traditional equipment that will be introduced at the IDS. And that's on one particular manufacturer 
already, we've have got them in the showroom and are starting with some very exciting sales. 

<A - Steven Paladino>: You know Jeff, let me just add though that, while it probably had a positive impact in Q4, for 
overall Henry Schein on a worldwide basis, since it really only has a positive impact on equipment sales – we don't 
think it had any impact on consumable sales and just in Germany. It's really not material to our overall results, so I just 
want to make that point clear. 

<Q - Jeff Johnson>: Okay. So that wasn't a driver of getting back to that 7.5, I think adjusted international rate you put 
up this quarter? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: You know it helped it obviously. 

<Q - Jeff Johnson>: Sure. 

<A - Steven Paladino>: But, again, it wasn't material in our estimation to overall fourth quarter results, and won't be 
material to overall first quarter results. 

<Q - Jeff Johnson>: Great. That's helpful. Thanks, Steve. 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: We remain actually – I just came back from our international meeting in – happened in 
Austria. And actually are quite optimistic about the medium term opportunities for equipment in – throughout Europe, 
but specifically in Germany and in Austria. 

But it's – you know, whether it's a million here or there it could be maybe important for a particular country, but will 
not be material to Henry Schein. 

<Q - Jeff Johnson>: Okay. And then just a follow-up on the international side of the business: next milestones from a 
margin expansion opportunity, I know we have closed down now a couple of facilities in the latter stages of '06. Are 
there any other milestones maybe throughout '07 you could point to, Stanley, to where we can keep working those 
margins higher? 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: Yes, well, there are a couple of major initiatives that we are working on. The first is to 
expand the software across Europe. We will be moving the platform that we have in Germany and Austria and the 
Benelux countries into Italy, then into France, and those are the two big opportunities. Second – and that takes place 
this year, and I think is finalized in the first quarter of 2008. 

Then, there is greater harmonization of the product line we offer. Perhaps towards the end of 2005 and 2006, it would 
have been very – early 2006 – it would have been very difficult to work with a manufacturer on Pan-European product 
management. In other words procurement marketing, et cetera, we're moving more and more towards that. And with 
our major manufacturers now, have programs that are being designed and will be implemented in 2007 to harmonize 
marketing strategies, that will I think, improve on the operating margin. 

Of course, although not the big focus, but a focus enough is our private brand, which in Europe is probably about 9% of 

– 10% of our merchandise business. I think you'll see more opportunity there to harmonize procurement and harmonize 
marketing. So, overall, the opportunity to expand gross profits somewhat, but more importantly reduce the expenses 
remains quite positive in Europe, and actually I'm very happy – I monitor this myself, have a international executive 
meeting every month, Steven and myself attend that, and two of those out of three are in Europe. And I feel quite close 
to the management team in Europe and I'm quite happy with the progress we're making. I mean it's not without 
challenge, every business has challenges. But I think we will reach our objective of the 6%. 
<Q - Jeff Johnson>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of John Kreger [William Blair & Co.]. 


<Q - John Kreger>: Thanks, guys. Can you expand a bit more on the performance of your medical segments? Talk, 
for example, about how the physician office business did compare to the vet business? And just in general, what your 
strategy is to try to get growth in that segment up above market again? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Sure. Let me just talk about a couple of points. You know, first when you look at our reported 
medical sales growth, it gets a little confusing because of the – still some low margin pharmaceutical sales that have no 
growth or negative growth, as well as on the other way, you know, flu vaccine sales, which this quarter did have 
growth. So we tried to do on the conference call was talk about excluding the entire pharma category and say what is 
going on in the med search and equipment categories, you know, the remaining product lines, and when we break out 
all the pharmaceutical, which had a negative impact overall on the group, we see the core business with med search and 
equipment and they are growing, you know, somewhere in that 4 to 5% range, which we think is what the market 
growth rate is. So we think the core business is doing fine, and that's on the physician business. 

On the veterinary business, it's also a little bit complicated, because as you probably know, John, when we acquired 
NLS because of manufacturer relationships, we did not retain both manufacturers on certain products, and we stayed 
with the NLS brand manufacturers, so when you look at the internal growth for the vet business, the manufacturer that 
we switched off of was the existing Henry Schein brand manufacturer, and that, again, negatively distorts the overall 
vet business. So to quote a number on that is kind of not really fair. What I can tell you is that our overall veterinary or 
animal health business is, you know, for 2006 outperformed our expectations on a combined basis with the NLS 
business. 

You know, as far as growth drivers, there's a few things on the medical side. You know, one is we want to bring more 
value-added solutions to our customer base. As you probably know, we are now selling medical practice-management 
software as well as electronic medical record software, while sales are small at this time, it gives us nice ability like 
we've done on the dental side to bring additional value-add to our customers for the software solution, how to run a 
more efficient practice. And really what we're trying to do is, you know, is replicate a lot of the concepts that were 
successful in dental, but obviously they have a different twist in medical because the markets are different. But bringing 
more value-add to our customers and help them run a more efficient business. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Great. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Steven Postal [Lehman Bros.]. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Thanks. Good morning. I was just wondering if you could talk about the DENTRIX sensor 
business, will that, given the, I guess, divestiture and movement of assets, will that now be recorded in the dental 
segment or will that continue to be reported in the tech segment? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: That is part of high-tech equipment sales. So high-tech equipment sales for us have always 
been reported within dental equipment sales. If there's any software related to digital radiography that would be 
reported in technology, but the actual sensor and the equipment is all high-tech equipment sales for us. 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: And I think it's important to realize that the digital little bit cannibalized the traditional x-ray, 
so it's important to carry both of those from a reporting point of view in the traditional area. Having said that, we 
believe that the high-tech sales specifically of digital are large – are to a large extent driven by the success of our 
software platform, and there's a lot of synergy between our two software products Easy Dental and DENTRIX, and the 
sale of digital products and other high-tech products. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: But with the sale of that imaging business, there shouldn't be any changes with how the revenues 
are reported in the segment? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: No. And, just be careful, you know, Stanley went through it in his remarks, all of our – with 
the new DEXIS relationships, although it's an expanded relationship and we are very happy with it. You know, we're 
still selling all of the same products that we were selling before and after the relationship was expanded. So from our 
perspective, sales categories are unchanged and it will not have any impact on growth rates, and obviously we expect to 
do very well in this product category. But the change with DEXIS is not having any impact on our reported sales 
numbers because we're still selling the same products. 


<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay. 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: By the way this fits in with our general philosophy that we really don't want to be a 
manufacturer, and develop our digital x-ray puts us too close to being a manufacturer. It's an area that we should not be 
focused on and we would rather have an open platform on the software practice-management side, and work with a 
wide range of manufacturers that we find appropriate, and also focus on certain manufacturers, specifically those that 
give us an exclusive. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Steve, can you go through the sales force numbers? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Sure. I'll go through them quickly, because I'd like to take some additional calls also. Overall 

– let me just get that in front of me – overall, at the end of the year, we had on a worldwide basis 2,426 field sales 
consultants, that's up over the third quarter by about 33 people. It's up on the full-year basis by over 200 people since 
the beginning of the year. The main growth areas for the quarter, Dental was up about 5 people, Medical was up over 
20 people, and the balance was in our International Group. So, we're still seeing good recruiting opportunities and 
bringing people on board, and we're still see – from an attrition point of view, our sales force continues to have very 
low attrition on people leaving us. Next question, please. 
Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Gil [JP Morgan]. 

<Q - Michael Minchak>: Thanks. It's actually Mike Minchak in for Lisa Gil. Just wondering about the – your free 
cash flow continues to be very strong. I was wondering if you could rank your priorities for the use of excess cash 
going forward. 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Sure. Our free cash flow will continue to be for two primary sources. First is additional 
acquisitions and we still think that our markets are generally fragmented, and there is good opportunities for us to grow 
our business and do nice accretive acquisitions at good returns on investment. And the second key use of cash will be to 
continue to execute to our stock buyback program. You can see also that for the year, we were active buying back our 
stock and we continue to be active buying back the stock. The strategy there really is to buy mostly on weakness. So 
when we saw in the fourth quarter that the stock traded down a little bit, the company was buying at that time. So those 
are the two main uses of cash that we would expect in the short term. 

<Q - Michael Minchak>: Just a quick follow up on the acquisition environment. Are there any segments that you are 
more aggressively targeting or where you are seeing more opportunities? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Our acquisition strategy really has a lot of, what we call, ability to be opportunistic. What we 
do is we look at strategically, acquisitions that would make sense for us in different business units. But then what we do 

– and that's a pretty broad array of types of businesses or geographic locations or whether it's Dental, Medical, or 
International, but then what really drives what we're doing is a) what opportunities are available. And then within the 
being opportunistic, the financial returns and we try to do the ones with the highest returns before any other ones. 
<A - Stanley Bergman>: I think what is really important to realize is that we're going to remain focused on the 
markets that we have traditionally been focused on. Our estimates for the year 2006 is that those markets in aggregate 
accounted for some 22 billion in sales and that we have approximately a 23% market share. We believe that half the 
market is still in the hands of relatively undercapitalized owners. So there is lots and lots of opportunity. Just also 
remember that when we went public 11 years ago, we measured those markets at some 10 billion and we had a 6% 
market share. So we have done quite well, but we really believe that there is lots and lots more to go. 

<Q - Michael Minchak>: Thanks very much. 

Operator 

And we have time for one last question from Robert Willoughby [Banc of America Securities]. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Hi, Steve. Don't know if you gave cash flow guidance from operations for '07 and just any 
thoughts on possibly getting rid of the pharma business? 


<A - Steven Paladino>: No, we didn't give specific cash flow guidance. We did give a couple of metrics. We did say 
that our goal was to continue to have operating cash flow exceed net income. We also said that we expect to have 
capital expenditures for 2007 as well as for the short-term next few years be in the 45 to $55 million range, but we 
weren't more specific with that. On the pharma business, you know I think what we want to be is we still want to 
remain in the pharmaceutical distribution business. I think, as we have done over the recent past, we want to be more 
selective in making sure that we're staying with the products that are good margin for us, that also are important to our 
customer base. So in the past, on the oncology side, we have deemphasized as well as some other low margin products, 
but we definitely believe that being in the pharmaceutical, overall business is important as part of our one-stop shop to 
our physician customers. 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: I think Bob, what's important is that for those parts of the physician office that we are 
focused on, we need to carry the full range of products. Having said that, there are some products that are more 
profitable than others, for example, on the pharmaceutical side, perhaps the highest margin would be the generic 
injectables, and certainly the flu contract that we have with GSK and those are very, very profitable. The oncological 
side, for the small practices, is really not worth going after. For the larger practices, there is a med-surg part, which is 
profitable, but the pharmaceuticals are not profitable. So we, I think, understand which areas we want to focus on, but 
in order to be a one-stop shop, we'd have to carry everything. And of course, there are exciting parts of the physician 
business namely the equipment and diagnostic parts that are very, very – present very large opportunity as well as our 
recent entry into the practice-management software arena. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Got you. Thank you. 

Stanley M. Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

So, I think, we want to try to stick with the one-hour call. So we would like to end now, and let me thank everyone for 
your interest in Henry Schein, for your questions, your time this morning. I hope that Steven made our position clear, 
which is that we are at this point extremely enthusiastic about Henry Schein for the year 2007 and actually for the 
foreseeable future. We think the markets that we're in are terrific. We think that our growth strategy in general are 
working quite well. We believe that the acquisitions we have made are all doing well, some actually doing very, very 
well, and we think that the future remains very, very exciting for us to expand our value-added proposition as well for 
the office space practitioner. 

So, we thank you for your interest. We hope to – that you'll be back on the call in, I think, 60 plus days from now. If 
you have any questions, please feel free to call Neal Goldner, who is our new Head of Investor Relations, just joined 
us. Neal can be reached at 631-845-2820; Steve, our CFO at 631-843-5915; and Susan Vassallo, our Head of 
Communications at 843-5562. So thank you very, very much. And please, also as I said, feel free to call any one of 
those three with specific questions. Thank you. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


