Company Name: Henry Schein 
Company Ticker: HSIC US 
Date: 2007-05-08 
Event Description: Q1 2007 Earnings Call 

Q1 2007 Earnings Call 

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Henry Schein First Quarter Conference Call. At this time, all 
participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session and instructions will follow 
at that time. [Operator Instructions] 

As a reminder, today, ladies and gentlemen, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for 
today's call, Susan Vassallo, Henry Schein's Vice President of Corporate Communications. Please go ahead, Susan. 

Susan Vassallo, Vice President, Corporate Communications 

Thank you, operator, and my thanks to each of you for joining us today to discuss Henry Schein's first quarter results. If 
you have not received a copy of our earnings news release issued earlier this morning, please call 631-843-5937 and a 
copy will be faxed to you immediately, or of course, you can obtain a copy on our website at www.henryschein.com. 

With us, this morning, are Stanley Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein, who is calling in 
today from abroad, and Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, as well as Neal 
Goldner, Vice President of Investor Relations. 

Before we begin, I would like to point out that as always, certain comments made during this call will include 
information that is forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may 
affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result the company's performance may differ from 
those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. Further, these forward-looking statements are 
qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's Securities and Exchange 
Commission filings. 

The content of this conference call contains time sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of this live 
broadcast May 8th, 2007. The company undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to 
reflect events or circumstances after the date of this conference call. 

I ask that please during the Q&A portion of today's call you will limit yourself to a single question, before returning to 
the queue. This will provide as many listeners as possible the opportunity to ask a question within the one-hour we 
have allotted for this call. 

Thank you very much. With that said, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Stanley Bergman. 

Stanley M. Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Susan, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for Henry Schein first quarter 2007 
conference call. We are very pleased with our first quarter financial results, rather solid, and once again featured 
double-digit sales growth in each of our business groups as we continue to gain market share across the board. We also 
reported operating margin expansion as we leveraged our growing top line, and focused on selling higher margin 
products across our established infrastructure. 

I will give you some specific thoughts on our accomplishments this quarter, with a review of the market across the 
board from our dental, medical and international groups. But before I go into that, let me ask Steve Paladino, our Chief 
Financial Officer, to provide you with an overview of our quarterly financial performance, and then I'll give a bit more 


color. Thank you very much. Steve. 

Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

Okay, thank you, Stan. Let me begin by saying that I'm also very pleased to report solid financial results for the first 
quarter. As we have done with past quarterly earnings news releases and conference calls, prior year financial 
information has been restated to report the hospital supply business as a discontinued operation, and to exclude that 
business from the detail of our income statement. For purposes of comparability, I will discuss our results from 
continuing operations without the discontinued hospital supply business that was included in 2006. 

Our net sales for the quarter ended March 31st, 2007 were $1.3 billion, reflecting 14.8% growth over the first quarter of 
2006, or 12.4% growth in local currencies. 4.2% of this growth was internally or organically generated while 8.2% was 
acquisition growth primarily due to the acquisitions of certain Darby Group companies, and NLS Animal Health, both 
in the U.S., as well as Provet in Switzerland. Please note that the details of our sales growth are contained in Exhibit A 
in our earnings news release. 

Our operating margin for the first quarter of 2007, was 5.5%, 30 basis points higher than the operating margin from 
continuing operations in the first quarter of 2006. This was primarily driven by sales mix and our focus on higher 
margin products. Our effective tax rate from continuing operations for the quarter was 35.5%, and that compares to 
36.4% in the first quarter of 2006. We expect our effective tax rate during the balance of 2007 to remain in that 35% 
range. 

Our first quarter income from continuing operations was $43.5 million, which represents growth of 22.1% from the 
prior year's first quarter. Our earnings per diluted share, also from continuing operations for the first quarter was $0.48 
per share, reflecting an increase of 20% over the first quarter of 2006. 

Let me now provide you some detail on our sales results for the quarter. Dental sales for the first quarter of 2007 were 
$563 million, representing a 16.7% growth in U.S. dollars, or 16.9% in local currencies. 9.9% of this local currency 
growth was internally generated and approximately 7% was primarily due to certain acquisitions of certain companies 
of the Darby Group. I'm pleased to report that the performance of the acquired Darby companies continues to track 
above our acquisition model expectations. 

Consumable merchandise sales for our Dental Group was 14.6%, ahead of the prior year in local currencies, and 6.2% 
of that was internally generated. Our Dental equipment sales and service revenues were 25.6%, ahead of the prior year 
in local currencies, and 23.5% of that growth was internally generated. 

Sales of high-tech equipment including digital x-ray products from our recent agreements with Biolase and ISI helped 
drive our Dental equipment growth rates. However, it is also important to note that growth of our traditional equipment 
during the quarter was in excess of our estimates for the market growth rates. 

Medical sales were $372 million in the first quarter, up 11.3%. Internal sales growth declined by about 1.9%, and that 
was offset by acquisition growth of 13.2%. We estimate that the Medical Group internal sales growth excluding sales 
of all pharmaceutical products presents market share gain for the quarter. Later on this call Stanley will discuss an 
exciting new initiative in our Medical Group which we believe will have long-term positive benefits to our Medical 
Group sales growth as well as profitability. 

Moving to our International Group, sales for the first quarter of 2007 were $371 million, that's U.S. dollars, up 15.1% 
over the prior year. Growth in local currencies was 6.1%, with internal growth 1.1% and 5% due to acquisition activity 
related to the Provet acquisition. 

Foreign currency exchange contributed about 9% to our growth. We believe our International Group results were 
negatively affected by about three factors during the quarter. The first was the timing of the International Dental Show 
or IDS, which was held near the end of the quarter. This show tends to feature a number of new products, in particular, 
high-tech products. So in the months leading up to the show, dentists tend to hold off on their equipment purchases. 
That should make for a strong second quarter equipment sales growth. 

Second reason is, I'd like to point out is that our international business reported over 11% internal sales growth in the 
first quarter of 2006. So that was a more difficult comparison than normal quarters. 


And finally, as we discussed on last quarter's conference call, we saw an accelerated equipment sales in Germany in the 
fourth quarter of 2006 due to an increase in the VAT, or value added tax that went into effect at the beginning of 2007. 
So with all of that, we expect to resume solid sales growth in the second quarter for our international business. 

Moving to technology and value added service sales, they were $28.4 million and were 24.6% ahead of Q1 of '06 with 
24.7% growth in local currencies offset by a 0.1% decline in foreign currency exchange rates, and that 24% local 
currency growth was 17.7% internally generated and 7% from acquisition activity. 

Our electronic services, our software business and our financial services businesses all experienced very strong revenue 
growth in the quarter. 

Let's briefly take a look at some of the highlights of our balance sheet and cash flow. Operating cash flow for the 
quarter was negative $34 million. That compares to a negative $38 million in last year's first quarter. Due to 
seasonality, our cash flow is typically negative in the first quarter. We continue to expect to generate strong operating 
cash flow for the year and to achieve our goal of having operating cash flow exceed our net income. 

Our accounts receivable days sales outstanding from continuing operations was 42 days for the first quarter and that 
represents an improvement of 0.6 days over last year's first quarter. Our inventory turns from continuing operations 
were about 6.5 turns for the quarter, and that's essentially equal to last year's first quarter. And we increased our return 
on committed capital from continuing operations to 28.4% in the first quarter, and that compares to 27.7% last year. 

Let me conclude my remarks by affirming guidance for 2007. Diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $2.51 to 
$2.57. This represents an increase of 23 to 26% compared with our 2006 diluted EPS from continuing operations. Our 
2007 guidance includes our expectations that we will distribute approximately 20 million doses of influenza vaccine 
during 2007. We also expect mid-teens EPS growth in the second quarter of 2007, compared with the second quarter of 
2006. 

And finally, all of this guidance is for current continuing operations, including completed or previously announced 
acquisitions, but does not include any impact of potential future acquisitions, if any. 

Let me turn the call back over to Stanley Bergman. 

Stanley M. Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Steven. Let me touch on our dental and international groups before returning to our exciting Medical Group 
initiative that Steve alluded to in his remarks earlier on. As Steven mentioned, first quarter financial performance by 
our dental group was outstanding with sales up 17%. While the overall dental market is healthy and the outlook is 
favorable, we are proud to be outpacing market growth and to be gaining market share. 

Our positive view of the dental market was reinforced with the Chicago Midwinter Dental Meeting, which was held in 
late February. This is one of the industry's largest and best attended trade shows, and this year's show was extremely 
attractive. Local regional shows since that date also reaffirms the position. 

Our interactions with our suppliers and customers at the show supports our belief that there is a high level of interest 
amongst dentists in the United States and, in fact, in the United States and Canada, in advanced technology products, 
including lasers, dental imaging equipment, both of which help dental offices run more efficiently and deliver superior 
patient satisfaction. 

The flat to slightly declining rate of dentists per capita in the United States is, in fact, driving, in our view, the need for 
practice efficiency. In addition, while dental practices are serving more patients, demand for dental services is rising as 
the baby boomer generation continues to age and spend on their health, including specifically preventative and 
cosmetic procedures. 

Demand for imaging equipment services as well as for dental implants remains strong as well. Interest in the Evolution 
4D CAD/CAM products was very high among dentists who visited our booth in Chicago and at shows in other parts of 
the country since. We've displayed the E4D product prominently at our booth, and we look forward to the market 
launch of E4D later this year. 

On the international side, the IDS show in Cologne this year held in March in Cologne, Germany, the world's largest 
dental show, was very, very successful. For those that are familiar with the dental industry, you may know that the 


location of the IDS show provides particular intelligence for the German and dental markets and this reaffirms our 
understanding of the good mood amongst dentists in Germany and Austria, and reaffirms our belief that in fact, the 
stabilization of those markets that we reported in previous calls is very much intact and, in fact, we see good 
momentum, particularly, as a result of the views on reimbursement. 

There is an extremely high interest in advanced technological imaging products, and as with our strong customer and 
supplier relationships, this advanced technology imaging view of the marketplace positions us well to capitalize on the 
growth in this category. 

Looking at our international group as a whole, in many markets we see increasing demand for high technological 
products, including equipment, as I just described, as well as for consumable merchandise, and therefore we expect 
solid sales growth for the second quarter and, in fact, for the rest of the year. 

We continue to make very good progress towards converting all of our European business to a common operating 
system. The common platform across Europe will provide many benefits including, as we've mentioned to shareholders 
in the past, inventory and purchasing efficiencies and will help to support our goal of expanding our international 
operating margin to the 6% level. We continue to remain confident in that goal. 

Now, let me turn to what we view to be an exciting opportunity for our Medical Group. And let me relate to an 
initiative that we have rolled out, actually beginning in the early part of last month, April. This initiative, which we 
refer to as medical one world, has the goal of creating differentiated views of Henry Schein in the marketplace. 

The view of a national full-service operation that leverages and integrates our core competencies of field, telesales, 
direct marketing and telesales. Through a combination of products, services and value-added offerings, our objective is 
to create a compelling reason – in fact, a continued compelling reason for our customers to use Henry Schein as their 
primary supply chain partner. And to help our physician customers in the end, run a more profitable business and 
provide better clinical care. 

Under the plan of medical one world, we have consolidated the three physician brands, namely Henry Schein, Caligor 
and Darby Medical under the Henry Schein Medical brand. We undertook a similar initiative, as shareholders would 
recall, as we combined the Sullivan brand and the Schein brand several years ago to create what we believe to be an 
extremely successful franchise, the Sullivan-Schein dental brand in the United States, a business that we believe is 
gaining market share at a faster rate than any other large comparable dental full-service dealer. 

We are confident in the long-term benefit of this initiative to our customers, and in the end, we believe will continue to 
generate an increase in shareholder added value for Henry Schein. The Medical Group results over the next several 
quarters will reflect the elimination of the duplication of this cost and may reflect the small amount of sales erosion. 

Of course, this thinking is reflected in our guidance. We are very, very enthusiastic about our medical business, have 
been for a while, in fact, since we've been public, we've always been in the medical business for longer than that. In 
many ways, the strategy behind the medical one world, as I indicated is a replication of the success of our North 
American dental group strategy, where we combined Sullivan and Schein and Ash Arcona and Schein in Canada -Sullivan-
Schein in the U.S., and Ash Arcona and Schein in Canada. 

We have implemented this kind of strategy successfully in numerous countries as well including Germany, we are the 
combined – the leading franchises as well as in Australia and New Zealand. Leading the medical one effort is of course 
Mike Racioppi, the President of our Medical Group and Jim Breslawski, the President of Henry Schein and of course, 
our Chief Operating Officer. Jimmy was the key architect behind the success of the creation of our U.S. dental 
franchise, as we know it today, the Sullivan-Schein brand. 

We believe our medial business has a significant opportunity to enhance the way we serve the marketplace by 
deepening our relationship with physician customers, allowing our customers to operate more efficiently as I indicated 
while delivering high quality care to their patients. 

So I think you will notice a degree of enthusiasm if you speak to our people involved in our Medical Group. It has 
taken us about two years to put the strategy together, and now we are executing it. It's based on research with customers 
and also based on ensuring that all the constituents involved internally in our various medical brands are aligned. The 
strategy is identical in concept to Sullivan-Schein. 


Let me just note in that March, our Company Board of Directors authorized an increase of $100 million to our stock 
repurchase program which underscores yet again, the confidence we have in the future of Henry Schein, Inc. So with 
those comments, let me thank you again for your attention. 

Now operator, perhaps, we could answer some questions that our shareholders may have. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Glen Santangelo [Credit Suisse]. 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Glen? 

Operator 

Glen, your line is open. That question has been withdrawn. Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill. Lisa, 
your line is open. That question has also been withdrawn. 

You have a question from the line of Steven Postal. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Can you hear me? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Yes. Steve, we can hear you. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: I just wanted to – I had a quick clarification question and a follow-up question. 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Steve, could you speak a little louder? 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Sure. Steve, can you talk about the sales force numbers? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Sure. At the end of the first quarter, we had worldwide 2,438 field sales consultants. That's up 
12 people from the end of Q4 of 2006. The components are our U.S. and Canadian dental business has 1256 sales 
people. Our medical business has 468 sales people. We have eight people in our technology business and international 
has 706 people. So, that should total 2,438 worldwide field sales people. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay. And then my follow-up question, I just wanted you guys to elaborate on your comments 
on the medical segment repositioning. Stan, is this a reflection of perhaps business trending away from the telesales 
part of the business? And then also, you guys have mentioned that the pharma business has been negatively impacting 
things for a number of quarters now. What is the percentage contribution from the pharma business in that segment? 
And you specifically mentioned the oncology impacting that. Has that oncology part of the business fully gone away or 
is there still some impact there? 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: Yes. Steve, let me address the – thank you for your question, first part. As you know, we 
have these three franchises. One, of course is the Caligor franchise, which is specifically a field sales strategy with 
minimal direct marketing. Then, of course, there's the Henry Schein franchise and the Darby franchise, which are very 
much focused on telesales and mail order. We have allowed up to this point these businesses to operate independently, 
but with our increase in market share, it is now viewed that it would be best for the three businesses to collaborate 
together and focus on marketing in combination, as we have in the dental world, Sullivan-Schein, as we have in the 

U.S. and Canada with Ash Arcona, in Germany the combination with Demedis, and of course in Australia, the 
combination of the Henry Schein business with the Halas business. We have had tremendous results on those 
combinations, and we feel that by combining the hybrid model of direct mail, telesales, in combination with the field 
sales consultants, all working together, we feel that we can, in fact, grow our market share even more on the medical 
side. We have been working on this, as I said, for a couple of years now and actually pressed the button in April to 
actually formally launch this initiative. We are very, very confident. It's something that we've done a lot of market 
research with from a customer point of view but also internally from our telesales people and our field sales people. I 
think this is also reflective of the fact that we are becoming a bigger player on the equipment side and the telesales team 
have been very good at generating leads, but we'd like those leads to then be turned over to a field equipment sales 
force and we feel that it's best to align the interests of all of these different constituents including the team that is selling 

medical software. So that's the basis for this. 

As far as the lower margin pharmaceuticals, there are two areas. First of all, there are some products that have moved 
from brand to generic, which, of course, reduces the selling price, but of course, increases the margin. And then we 
have deemphasized, as you know, the larger – the lower margin pharmaceutical – branded pharmaceuticals including 
the oncological side, and when I talk about oncological, of course I'm referring to the pharmaceutical side. We still 
have a very good franchise that we are pushing on the MedSurg side, and that would be the same on the renal side. 
Area products such as Remicade, to the extent they can bring us core business, of course we will pursue that, but to the 
extent it's a standalone pharmaceutical sale, at those margins it's really not in our best interest to utilize our telesales 
and field sales capacity to go after that business. Steven, I think you may have some more specifics. 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Yeah. So, the couple of other things I would add to that is on some of these lower margin 
pharma products, it's not that we stopped selling them all together. As Stanley said, we've deemphasized the sales of 
them. So, there's a component of our sales that have no growth on these low margin products or slightly down and that's 
impacting the overall Medical Group sales growth. The pharma category for us in our Medical Group from quarter to 
quarter could represent anywhere from 35 to 40 or 45% of the Medical Group sales. And that's why we'd like to look at 
it separately because depending on the factors we just mentioned as well as in future quarters, flu vaccine, which could 
vary from quarter-to-quarter, we really look at the core strength of the business on the MedSurg and equipment 
business. And as we said in the prepared remarks, those product categories are growing in excess of the market growth 
rates. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of John Kreger [William Blair & Company]. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Thanks, hi. A question about your dental equipment growth. Can you give us a sense of the 
organic growth total, how much of that would have come from some of your newer exclusive arrangements like with 
Biolase and ISI as opposed to the just ongoing product lines that you've carried for a while? 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: Yes, John. What we really have agreed to with our manufacturers is not to specifically relate 
to growth numbers on a particular product. Having said that, what we can report to you is that our core, what we call 
traditional equipment business is quite strong. We are in our belief, growing market share. And we believe that the core 
chairs units like X-ray, the unit business for Schein is doing well and we're gaining market share. As you know, we are 
under penetrated in that area. We do believe that overall about 30% of what the dentists are spending is with respect to 
equipment. Our general mix of sales is about 22, 23% equipment. So we're under penetrated. And today, we believe 
that because of our excellent sales and service network, both in terms of sales personnel and installation and repair 
network, and also what we believe today is a terrific product offering, we are gaining market share. On the newer 
products, we are doing quite well, in fact, we believe very well with digital X-ray. We've moved around the brand 
somewhat. We no longer promote a private brand. So, how that business phases from private brand into one of the 
other brands is something that, of course, we study. But the shift has occurred. Having said that, overall, our sale of 
digital equipment is doing very, very well, and also the Biolase business is coming along nicely. It's only been two 
quarters now and we believe that the two sales forces are working well. There's no question that this is the leading 
product point of view. And we believe that in the long run this is going to continue to be a terrific relationship for 
Schein. 

On the ISI side, again, this is relatively newish technology for the dentists. We are confident that we will do well with 
the ISI brand as well as with the Serona product that is also starting to enter the market. So overall, there is a growing 
movement within the dental community, within the dental practice to focus more on equipment that is high-tech in 
nature to increase productivity, increase the quality of care. And we believe that we will get not only our fair share but 
actually a much better market position than we have traditionally had in the dental field overall. So we're very, very 
optimistic and we continue to, we believe, show results in excess of our expectations. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of David Veal [Morgan Stanley]. 


<Q - David Veal>: Hey thanks. Just to press you a little bit on that in terms of the organic growth in core dental 
equipment, if you're taking share that would sort of imply a low teens organic sort of same-store growth in that book of 
business. Is that the right way to think about it? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Yeah. Without getting into specifics, I think that is the right way of looking at it. Equipment 
may be growing high single-digits to market maybe – it varies quarter-to-quarter because of things like tradeshows. But 
certainly, we have to be above that number to be gaining market share. And the other thing I would point out that 
Stanley did touch on is we see strong equipment sales growth along traditional equipment, namely dental chairs, 
delivery units, and overall packages, as well as high-tech products, digital X-ray, very strong sales growth. Still 
probably is the largest sub component of our equipment sales growth is coming from digital X-ray. And then, lastly is 
the new exclusives, but while they're good contributors, the core business is certainly gaining market share without the 
new exclusivities. 

<Q - David Veal>: And just on the E4D, I mean we've seen this movie before in terms of a year-end launch that comes 
and goes. What gives you confidence today? Are there milestones you can talk to that give you confidence that it really 
will be this year, and if so, why not bake that in the guidance? 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: We remain confident from our dialogue with the manufacturer, as well as the other partners 
in the business, namely Ivoclar and 3M, that there will be a product. I think the testing that is going on perhaps is a 
little more rigorous than was anticipated because of the addition of these partners. And from what we understand, the 
partners in the business as well as the principals remain highly confident that there will be a good product. It is working 
today in clinical settings. But the view is that we need to do more testing to ensure that the expectations of the 
operation within a clinical setting will be in excess of what the customer is expecting. We believe that the product will 
be available for launch later this year. 

<Q - David Veal>: Okay. Thanks. 

<A - Steven Paladino>: And David, what I would add is that the rationale for not including it in our guidance was 
really simply to avoid any potential concern by shareholders that what happens if it is delayed or what happens if – how 
much would it impact us. So we felt a clean guidance to give is, no profit contribution from the E4D product in 2007. 
Whatever profits we will have will be upside to our guidance. And again, precisely determining exactly what month the 
product will come out is a little bit difficult, and it avoided having to deal with that precision. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill [JPMorgan]. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: Hi, good morning. And I'm sorry about our earlier technical difficulty; that was on our side. Steven, I 
was wondering if you could just go through a couple of the assumptions around the guidance that you've given. For 
example, on the repurchase program, is anything included within your guidance, number one? And then number two, 
around the flu expectations, you haven't been able to do 20 million doses in the last couple of years and the flu season 
has been pretty light in the last couple of years. You have a tendency to see that if there's no flu season, people don't get 
the flu shot if you have two or three years where there's a light flu season. So can you maybe just talk us through a little 
bit around those expectations and your talks with the manufacturers on the product? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Sure. Lisa, just repeat, I didn't get the first part of the question? 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: The first part – it is just on the share repurchase, do you have anything included at all in your 
guidance around the additional share repurchases? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: No, not really. The share repurchases that we've been doing, if you look at for example 2006, 
while it was accretive, the amount of accretion for the year was very slight. Maybe it was something less than a penny. 
So there's really not anything baked into our guidance on any significant share buyback. The goal there is really to be 
opportunistic and in times when the stock is weak, to be buying in a weak market. 

Turning to flu vaccine. There was recently a flu summit and I have gotten some questions on what was new 
information from us out of this flu summit. And quite frankly from our perspective there really was no new information 
as far as manufactured doses that would be available in 2007. So that's the first point I wanted to make. 


And I guess secondarily, we feel good about being able to sell 20 million doses based on a number of factors, one being 
that we think the demand is at the distributor level and our customers will continue to come back to us, at least as an 
initial or first choice of getting their flu vaccine. If we don't have it, I think that they could go elsewhere if we don't 
have it, but I think our customers will come to us first. We do have, I think, a very stable market that we're expecting 
this year from a manufacturer perspective. We're not expecting any significant amount of late season doses. The issue 
that happened in 2006 where our primary supplier was a bit delayed and got flu vaccine to us late in the year because of 
a one-time approval process is not expected to repeat. 

And I guess two other factors are that one of our competitors is no longer going to be selling flu vaccine, and last year 
they sold five to six million doses, so that those doses will be available by other players in the market. Hopefully we'll 
get a nice piece of that business. 

And the last thing that we expect is, we do expect the U.S. government and CDC to be a little bit more proactive in 
talking about the number of Americans that should be vaccinated. And recently, they have increased the number of 
Americans that they believe should be vaccinated from about 140 to 150 million Americans. And they're now saying 
that the recommended number of Americans that should be vaccinated is 200 million Americans. And, in prior years, 
because of product shortages and delays, there really has not been a proactive public awareness campaign on the 
benefits of getting flu vaccine, and we're expecting it to be more proactive this year because we should have a healthy 
supply. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: Okay, Great. Thanks for the comments. 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Okay. 

Operator 

Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Steven Postal [Lehman Brothers]. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Hi. Just one follow-up question. You guys talked about the three components for some of the 
weakness in the international segment. I'm just wondering if you could maybe give us some context to that, which one 
of the three was the bigger contributor? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Steven, it's a little difficult. We believe that the IDS impact, that's what we talked about that in 
our press release. The IDS, we really saw customers delay their ordering of equipment until the IDS show, which was 
late in Q1, and our order book that goes into Q2 is a very healthy order book in Germany, so we think that probably is 
the largest contributor of impacting sales growth internationally. But again, please realize that some of that estimating 
is not a precise estimate. It's based on a lot of different factors, and that's why we named the other two matters. But as 
we said on the call, we certainly believe Q2 and beyond to resume good sales growth in our international and especially 
our German business. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay. And Steve, I mean you also.... 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: To follow on what Steve said, Steve. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Sure. 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: I think directionally it would appear, from what we are hearing in the marketplace, both from 
our representatives and from our suppliers, that the German marketplace is not as tentative as it was, say, a year ago. 
Dentists are far more bullish. The labs may be a little bit more tentative, but the dentists are quite bullish. We see that 
also, by the way, in our implant sales, which are very, very strong in Germany. So we are quite optimistic about the 
German market per se. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay. And then... 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: The other markets are doing okay for us. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: And on your acquisition strategy, Stan, can you maybe just update us on that? Where would your 
areas of focus be? And obviously we've seen some multiples for acquisitions being bid up, what is your sense there? 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: Yes, Steve. You know that our strategy is to continue to seek opportunities that are strategic 
to our current businesses, mainly dental, medical, and vet, either expanding our market share in a particular geography 


where we already are or going into new markets. And the pipeline remains as robust as ever. But at the end of the day 
we only have a deal when we have a deal, we have specific investment hurdles that we need to meet. Our objective is to 
continue to drive up our return on committed capital overtime. And we expect that investments would drive towards 
that goal and as well as by the way, the objective of increasing our operating margin and of course, in the long run, 
therefore also improve on the earnings per share and the cash flow of the business. Those criteria have been in place for 
a dozen years and we remain as bullish as ever, that we'll be able to ensure internal growth and acquisition growth in 
the long run in exactly the same way as we've done for the past dozen years that we've been public. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from line of Glen Santangelo [Credit Suisse]. 

<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Yes, Steve. Just a couple of quick points of clarification based on some things you said. Just 
going back to Lisa's question on the flu vaccine guidance, could you just give us a sense for PSS which seems to have 
exited the market; do you know where they acquired their flu vaccine from? Did they buy it from Novartis? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Yeah, I believe that they were previously buying from Novartis, yes. 

<Q - Glen Santangelo>: And so in your 20 million dose guidance, do you anticipate that you get all that from Glaxo or 
do you anticipate buying from Novartis as well? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Well, our 20 million doses, the primary supplier is GlaxoSmithKline, but we will access 
product from both Novartis and Sanofi to a lesser extent. And unfortunately we have confidentialities in the contracts 
that we have with the manufacturers. So we're precluded from giving specifics on how much are coming from each 
manufacturer. 

<Q - Glen Santangelo>: But it's fair to say you'll buy from all three? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Yes. 

<Q - Glen Santangelo>: At least something? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Yes. 

<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Okay. And then just moving along to FX in the quarter, it seems like you got a big boost from 
FX in the quarter. Do you expect that to continue in the next couple of quarters? And could you give us a sense for 
maybe how much that contributed in the current quarter? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Sure. From a sales perspective again if you look at our earnings release you can see the exact 
impact of foreign currency. But from an EPS perspective, it was negligible. It was less than a penny per share impact 
on our bottom line. As far as predictions going forward, I'd rather not be in the business of trying to predict whether the 
dollar is going to strengthen or weaken. But I guess we're not expecting any significant changes, at least in the short 
term from what we're hearing from people. 

Operator 

Your next question is a follow-up from the line of John Kreger [William Blair & Company]. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Thanks. A follow-up question on your medical consolidation, are you planning on integrating 
GIV into that? And as part of your plans, will you be changing the sales force makeup for the overall sales force 
numbers? 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: GIV will continue to operate as a separate company focused on the vaccine injectable 
business, although, for the last couple of years GIV has had access to the full variety of MedSurg products as well as 
the equipment lines that we offer. GIV does sell the Schein private brand as well. 

As far as the sales force is concerned, we will continue to grow the sales force on the medical side both in the field and 
in the telesales area as we've done in the past. However, we expect far more synergy between the two forces whereby, 
over time the order taking part will move virtually entirely to telesales and electronic sales, and our field sales 
representatives will focus on consultative services, introducing new equipment and other kinds of products as well as 


providing ways in which at the end of the day the practitioner can run a better business and provide better clinical care. 

So it's more on the relationship side, introducing new products, focusing on the more profitable products. But for the 
regular replenishment products, we'll have to go through the computer and the telesales in the same way as we've done 
in the past. Having said that, also, we would expect the direct marketing to continue to help build up the brand 
supported by our database marketing, exactly the same formula as we've used so successfully on the dental side, both 
here in the United States and abroad. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Great. Thanks. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your next question is a follow up from the line of David Veal [Morgan Stanley]. 

<Q - David Veal>: Hey, Steve, one thing that we've heard from other folks with meaningful operations in Germany is 
that next year, we could see a substantial reduction in the corporate tax rate there. Is that something that you're tracking, 
and if so, can you just remind us how meaningful that might be? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: I'm sorry, David, your question broke up. If you could just repeat it, please? 

<Q - David Veal>: Sure. One thing that we've heard from some of your peers that have operations in Germany is that 
there may be a meaningful reduction next year in the corporate tax rate there. Is that something that you're tracking? 
And if so, can you just remind us how meaningful that might be for you? 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: Steven, I didn't hear the question. 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Yes, I'm sorry – a meaningful reduction in specifically what, David? It's hard to hear you. 

<Q - David Veal>: Yeah, sorry. In Germany, the reduction in the tax rate there, the corporate tax rate? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: I'm sorry. Yes. Okay. Yeah. Sorry to have you ask it three times. 

<Q - David Veal>: No problem. 

<A - Steven Paladino>: There is a proposed change in tax rate in Germany that many people are expecting the tax rate 
to be reduced from about 25% tax rate in Germany to about 15%. That still has not occurred, and people are expecting 
on that to be ratified sometime either in Q2 or Q3. Should that occur, we will have a tax benefit, because effectively it 
reduces our deferred tax liability on our balance sheet. So there would be a P&L pickup, which could be over $1 
million dollars, maybe more, we haven't really studied the specific impact at this point, because we're waiting to see 
whether it gets ratified or changed. But it's still a proposed measure at this time. 

<Q - David Veal>: Okay. Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

At this time, there are no further questions. Mr. Bergman, do you have any closing remarks? 

Stanley M. Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Yes. Thank you, everyone, for your interest. Thank you for calling in today. As you could tell from both the prepared 
remarks and responses to the questions asked, we continue to remain bullish about Henry Schein. We think that all of 
our businesses, dental, North America dental, medical, and the physician business in the U.S. as well as our vet 
business, our international business, and of course our technology business are all gaining market share as we've 
outlined to you. And we remain optimistic and very bullish. 

We think that our strategies are good. We think we're in growth markets driven by the baby boomers, the most 
educated and affluent generation ever. And we believe that our pipeline on the acquisition side remains good, although 
one cannot take any of that into account until such time as an acquisition is announced. 


So with that in mind, let me thank you for the call. If you have specific questions, please feel free to call Susan Vassallo 
at 631-843-5662, and also Neal Goldner at the same – 845-2820, also 631 – or Steve Paladino at 631-843-5915. 

And we look forward to speaking with you again. I think we're going to some conferences in the near future. And also 
speak with you during our conference call in about 90 days from now. So I thank you very much for your interest and 
speak to you then. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


