Q2 2007 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Susan Vassallo, Vice President, Corporate Communications 
• Stanley M. Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
• Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Henry Schein Second Quarter Conference Call. At this time, 
all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session and instructions will 
follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder ladies and gentlemen, this call is being recorded. I would 
now like to introduce your host for today's call, Susan Vassallo, Henry Schein's Vice President of Corporate 
Communications. Please go ahead, Susan. 

Susan Vassallo, Vice President, Corporate Communications 

Thank you, operator, and my thanks to each of you for joining us to discuss Henry Schein's second quarter results. If 
you have not received a copy of our earnings news release issued earlier today, please call 631-843-5937 and a copy 
will be faxed to you immediately, or of course, you can obtain a copy on our website at henryschein.com. 

With us, this morning are Stanley Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein; Steven Paladino, 
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Neal Goldner, Vice President of Investor Relations. 

Before we begin, I would like to point out that certain comments made during this call will include information that is 
forward-looking. As you know, risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters 
referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result the company's performance may differ from those expressed in or 
indicated by such forward-looking statements. Also, these forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by 
the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's Securities and Exchange Commission filings. 

The content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live 
call of the live broadcast today August 7th, 2007. The company undertakes no obligation to revise or update any 
forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. 

I ask that during the Q&A portion of today's call, you limit yourself to a single question, before returning to the queue. 
This will provide as many listeners as possible the opportunity to ask a question within the one-hour timeframe we 
have allotted for this call. With that said, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Stanley Bergman. 

Stanley M. Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, very much Susan. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our second quarter financial 
results were very strong, once again highlighted by double-digit sales growth and market share gains in each of our 
business groups, reflecting the continued successful execution of our business strategy. As you will hear, these results 
are better than expectations that we communicated during the last conference call, and primarily driven by better than 
expected top line growth in really all of our business sectors. 


In a moment, I will review some highlights of the quarter, but first let me ask Steve Paladino, our Chief Financial 
Officer, to provide you with an overview of the quarterly financial performance of the company. Steven. 

Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Okay. Thank you, Stanley. Let me also say I'm very pleased to report very strong financial results for the second 
quarter. 

As we announced in our earnings release, during the second quarter, we reached a decision to divest our lower margin 
oncology pharmaceutical and specialty pharmacy businesses. All of our current and prior year financial information has 
been restated to report the oncology pharmaceutical and specialty pharmacy businesses as discontinued operations and 
therefore excluding those businesses from the detail of our income statement. The loss we recorded on discontinued 
operations for the quarter was $20.6 million after taxes, or approximately $0.23 per diluted share. This was primarily 
due to a non-cash write-off of intangible assets. 

Exhibit A in our earnings release provides the historical financial information for these discontinued businesses. For 
purposes of comparability, I will discuss our results from continuing operations without the discontinued businesses in 
both the current and prior periods. 

Our net sales for the quarter ended June 30th, 2007 were $1.4 billion, reflecting 16.3% growth over the second quarter 
of 2006 or 13.9% growth in local currencies. 8.3% of this growth was internally generated while 5.6% was acquisition 
growth primarily due to our 2006 acquisitions of certain Darby Group companies, as well as Provet in Switzerland. 
Please note that the details of our sales growth are also contained in our earnings news release on Exhibit B. 

Our operating margin from continuing operations for the second quarter of 2007 was 6.6%; that's 15 basis points higher 
than the operating margin from continuing operations in the second quarter of 2006. And this was largely a result of 
continued leveraging of higher sales volume across our established infrastructure, as our relatively fixed expense 
structure continues to provide us benefits. 

Our effective tax rate from continuing operations for the quarter was 34.3% and that compares to 36.1% in the second 
quarter of last year. We expect our effective tax rate to remain in this range of about 34 to 35% for the balance of 2007. 
Our second quarter income from continuing operations was $54.4 million, which represents growth of 21% from the 
prior year second quarter. 

Earnings per diluted share, also from continuing operations, for the second quarter was $0.60 and reflects a 20% 
growth over the second quarter of last year. Again, as I mentioned earlier, the income and earnings per share are from 
continuing operations and exclude the impact of the discontinued oncology pharmaceutical and specialty pharmacy 
businesses. 

Let's now look at some detail of our sales results for the second quarter. Our dental sales was $601 million, 
representing 17.5% growth in US dollars, or 17.2% in local currencies. 10.5% of this local currency growth was 
internally generated and approximately 6.7% was due to acquisition activity, again primarily the companies acquired 
from the Darby Group. I am also pleased to report that we are very pleased with the performance of that acquisition of 
those Darby companies and they continue to track above our acquisition model expectations. 

Our dental consumable merchandise sales were 14.7% ahead of prior year in local currencies and 6.8% of that was 
internally generated. Our dental equipment sales were 25.1% of the prior year in local currencies and 22.3% of that 
growth was internally generated. We continue to see strong growth in our equipment business, sales of high-tech 
equipment including digital X-ray as well as products from our recent agreements with Biolase and ISI helped drive our 
dental equipment growth rates. It's also important to note that the growth of traditional equipment during the quarter 
was in excess of our estimates for market growth. 

Turning to medical, our medical sales were $359 million in the second quarter, up 11.7%; internal sales growth was 
7.7% and 4% was growth from acquisitions. As I stated earlier, during the quarter, we made the decision to divest our 


lower margin oncology pharmaceutical and specialty pharmacy distribution businesses, and combined these two 
businesses represented approximately $105 million in sales in 2006 and approximately $50 million in sales in the first 
half of 2007. Disposing these non-core businesses will enhance our medical group stability to drive profitable revenue 
growth. We also expect to continue to address some additional low margin pharmaceutical product categories in the 
upcoming quarters. 

Moving to our international group, our sales for the second quarter of 2007 were $395 million, that's in U.S. dollars, 
they were up 17.4%, our growth in local currencies was 9.4%, and 4.4% of that growth was internally generated with 
the remaining 5% attributable to acquisition growth again primarily that Provet Swiss acquisition. Foreign currency 
exchange contributed about 8% to our international growth. We are pleased with the accelerated internal sales growth 
that we saw in our international business in local currencies. 

Moving to technology and value-added services, our sales were $31.9 million and were 36.5% ahead of the prior year's 
second quarter with 36.4% in local currencies and only 0.1% growth related to foreign exchange changes, and of this 
36.4% local currency growth, approximately 25.5% was internally generated and the remaining 10.9% was from 
acquisitions. 

We saw very strong growth in our electronic services business, our software business and our financial services 
businesses; all exhibited very strong revenue growth during the quarter. If we take a brief look at the highlights of our 
balance sheet and cash flow for the quarter, our operating cash flow for the quarter was $115 million and that compares 
with $39 million in the prior year's second quarter. We continue to expect to have strong operating cash flow for the 
year that will exceed our net income. 

Looking more specifically at some of our working capital assets, our accounts receivable days sales outstanding from 
continuing operations was 40.6 days for the second quarter and that is an improvement of 1.5 days from last year's 
second quarter. Our inventory turns, also from continuing operations for the second quarter was 6.7 turns and that 
compares to 6.3 turns in last year's second quarter. Finally, our return on committed capital also from continuing 
operations was 34% for the second quarter, up from 32.4% in last year's second quarter. 

Let me conclude my remarks by updating our 2007 guidance from continuing operations. We have tightened our range 
for diluted EPS. Previously it was $2.51 to $2.57 and we have now announced a new range of $2.53 to $2.57. This 
represents an increase of 25 to 27% compared with 2006 diluted EPS from continuing operations. It also includes our 
expectations that we will distribute approximately 20 million doses of influenza vaccine during the year and as always 
our guidance is for current continuing operations that include completed or previously announced acquisitions, but does 
not include the impact of any potential future acquisitions, if any. 

Let me now turn it over to Stanley. 

Stanley M. Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you Stephen. Our sales growth during the second quarter was strong across the board. And I'd like to comment 
this morning that each of our four business groups. 

Let's start with the dental group. We are of course, delighted to report continued strength with sales growth of 17.5% 
for the quarter including 10.5% internal growth in local currency. As evidenced by these numbers, our strategy for the 
dental growth continues to be successfully implemented in a profitable way resulting in market share growth and 
overall profitability growth for the company. Dental sales growth reflects a number of factors, including a highly 
trained field sales force, and here let me comment that the sales force is in really terrific spirits. The mood is good. The 
level of education, the ability to provide consultative selling to our customers has never been better. 

Accordingly, they're effective and are bringing the innovative marketing initiatives like our Privileges Program forward 
to the customers. We have an ongoing commitment to expand the products and services we offer and so provide our 
sales force who will be meeting later this week for our national sales meeting, our Sullivan-Schein national sales 
meeting, we are committed to bringing them even further new ideas and concepts to help the practitioner run a better 


and more efficient and more profitable practice. 

We gained further share in the consumable merchandise side of our business with internal sales growth of 6.8% in local 
currencies. We also are particularly pleased with the dental equipment sales and service revenues with more than 22% 
internal growth in local currencies for the quarter. 

Clearly, we are gaining market share in – on the equipment side of the dental marketplace as well. What we see is a 
growing appreciation amongst dentists of our equipment product offering and our ability to design offices, install the 
equipment, and provide better overall practice management capability through our equipment offering. We are of 
course benefiting from the increasing demand for the core dental equipment as well as the various product exclusives 
including the agreements with ISI and Biolase to name two of our exclusive agreements. 

We also look forward to benefiting from our exclusive relationship with D4D Technologies and the E4D CAD/CAM 
product. We continue to expect to launch the E4D product later this year. Upon launch we expect to have a highly 
competitive product with important features and user benefits, which we believe will be rather unique in the 
marketplace. And we believe the market is eagerly awaiting the rollout of E4D. 

In addition to internal sales growth and product exclusives, our dental growth strategy includes an active program of 
targeted acquisition. During the quarter, we announced an agreement to acquire the full-service and special-markets 
business of Becker-Parkin Dental Supply, which we closed during the first week of July of this year. Becker-Parkin's 
full-service business offers customers consumable dental products and equipment through field sales representatives 
and the special-markets business serves corporate dental customers with a multiple of offices and centralized 
purchasing capability. We believe that we will be able to provide the Becker-Parkin field sales representatives that have 
joined us with a wider and deeper product offering allowing them to be even more productive than they were working 
for Becker-Parkin and of course we are well known for our service in the special markets area, that's larger practices, 
where the new customers that will come out from Becker will experience better service and wider offering than perhaps 
ever before. 

Combined, we estimate this acquisition will contribute 40 to $45 million in revenue in its first full year as part of the 
Henry Schein organization and will be slightly accretive to 2008 earnings, as we are required to implement and do a 
significant amount of training with the sales force. But then going forward this is expected to be a very very good 
acquisition for Henry Schein. 

The acquisition will increase penetration for our U.S. dental business in key geographies, including the New York 
market, Florida, and Arizona, and will further leverage our existing infrastructure. We have already incorporated the 
Becker-Parkin sales representatives into our field sales force and we welcome them to team Schein. While relatively 
small, with our total North American dental business we consider fold-in acquisitions like Becker to be an integral part 
of growth strategy of our dental business. 

Let's now turn to the medical group. As previously discussed, our medical group reported 7.7% internal revenue growth 
during the second quarter, the strongest quarter for internal sales growth since the year 2005. Medical growth was 
probably affected by our decision to divest our lower-margin oncological, pharmaceutical and specialty pharma 
businesses and our core med-surg and equipment product line did exhibit good growth for the quarter. 

This strategy of focus on the med-surg side and the high-margin generic pharmaceuticals has done well for us. Also 
implementation of our Medical One initiative is on plan. Launched in April of this year, Medical One has the goal of 
creating a differentiated national full-service operation that leverages our core competencies of field sales, telesales, 
direct marketing, and telemarketing. 

Under this plan, we have consolidated Henry Schein as the core direct marketing business with the Caligor and Darby 
medical position brands under the Henry Schein medical brand. While we are still in the early stages of this initiative, it 
is important to note that sales [inaudible] is running ahead of our expectations. 

In this morning's earnings news release, we announced that during the quarter, we made a decision to divest our 
lower-margin oncological pharmaceutical and specialty pharma businesses. 


We hope to complete the transaction during the second half of this year, at which point, we expect to report an 
estimated loss on disposition of something between 3 and $5 million in that area. Eliminating these low margin 
pharmaceutical products from our portfolio will enable our medical team to focus all of their efforts on driving 
profitable revenue growth, which is particularly critical at this time of the year, as we head into the influenza flu 
vaccine season. 

We are in close contact with our various manufacturing partners for this important product. And while it's still early in 
the manufacturing process, it does appear that this will be the first year since 2003 when we will not be facing a 
shortage or delay of product and we continue to base our guidance on this expectation, which we of course have 
received from the manufacturers. 

Turning now to our international group, we are pleased with the performance of the international group during the 
second quarter, happy with the accelerated internal sales growth in local currencies. We saw particular strength during 
the quarter in our German business, our Austrian business, our Italian business, and our Spanish business, and we 
remain confident in the long-term success of our European – in fact for that matter overall international strategy, 
including our goals to expand operating margins in those businesses. And let me mention that our recent Provet 
veterinary acquisition continues to perform well and we remain particularly enthusiastic about European veterinary 
strategy. In fact we are quite optimistic about the veterinary market in general. 

Software of Excellence in – is a topic I'd like to discuss now. In early July, we made a full offer to acquire Software of 
Excellence, a publicly listed New Zealand company. We believe that we are offering full and fair price for the shares, 
representing a 27% premium to the closing price on the last trading day prior to Software of Excellence making public 
the disclosure of a potential acquisition. Software of Excellence is a leading supplier of practice management systems 
to both private sector and public health dentists in the United Kingdom and is also a large supplier of dental software to 
the prime practitioners in the dental marketplace of Australia and New Zealand. 

By acquiring Software of Excellence, we'll be able to offer our existing dental customers in those countries another tool 
for enhanced productivity, thereby positioning them to focus more of their time delivering quality care to their patients. 
The key strategy of course has paid off handsomely in the United States as well as in the Canadian marketplace. 

This transaction is subject to approval by Software of Excellence stockholders and we do need acceptance sufficient to 
supply us with 90% or more of the voting rights in the company. I'm happy of course that the Software of Excellence 
independent directors and its two largest shareholders, including the Chief Executive Officer, Brian Weatherly, are 
recommending that the stockholders accept our offer, which we believe is a fair one. Closing remains open to 
September 7th. At that time we will evaluate the percentage of shares tendered and evaluate our next steps. 

I think now I should end with a review of our technology and value-added services groups. Sales were up 36.5% during 
the quarter, and we're particularly pleased with the 25.5% internal growth in local currency. We saw broad-based 
strength in this group, including very strong electronic services, software, and financial services revenue growth. We 
have also been expanding our product offering in this area and as discussed several quarters go we are investing quite 
heavily in this technology field, which of course in the end is a very profitable business, but also provides excellent 
value-added services for our core businesses and therefore drives sales in our core businesses as well. 

Recently, we expanded our position into the specialty and software market with practice management solutions for oral 
surgeons in the [inaudible]. These products complement our award-winning and market leading software products for 
general practitioners in the dental field mainly DENTRIX and Easy Dental, and of course our growing presence in the 
physician marketplace and our presence in the dental marketplace with [inaudible] 

Within the past year, we have also established a presence as I noted in the medical software arena and we are now 
offering general practitioners a comprehensive set of practice management and electronic medical records [inaudible]. 
Although slower sales in the medical arena [inaudible] small, the quality of our software is highly recognized and has 
recently being identified in top lists of performing medical or small practice software for physicians arena and we're 
very, very pleased with those investments we have made. 


And while these software products are profitable in their own right, we were really as I mentioned, continue to see 
those as a opportunity to leverage our position in the physician marketplace, dental marketplace, vet marketplace as 
practitioners' desktops become more important and therefore will drive much more activity in the office and we will be 
there to help with this practitioner and of course expect the right product to be – increased sales of consumer goods and 
equipment products into our customers' offices. 

Let me end by touching on a recent announcement regarding the expansion of Healthy Children Healthy Lifestyles 
program. This program has its goal of promoting access to healthcare for underserved children. First launched by FDA 
in two cities, we are expanding the program to four additional cities this year including Baton Rouge, Louisiana; 
Jackson, Mississippi; Detroit, Michigan; and Richmond, Virginia. 

Recently as many as 1000 children, many of whom had never visited a dentist, attended the 13th Annual 
Back-To-School Expo in Baton Rouge. In conjunction with our supplier partners, free medical and dental supplies were 
donated to this worthy cause where children had free exams and received treatment. 

Of course this is on top of our Give Kids A Smile program, which pioneered with the American Dental Association, 
which now provides free medical check on the dental side to staff 750,000 dentists on a given weekend and actually 
now progressively throughout the year and this is being done in conjunction with some 25,000 dentists and dental 
authorities. 

So, our position in the marketplace of doing well for the community is also helping of course drive the Henry Schein 
brand. We have done right for our shareholders and of course society in general. So, overall we remain very optimistic 
about the business, have a lot of good things unfolding and of course look forward now to actually any questions, 
which you may have. 

Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Operator, can you turn this to question and answer mode please? 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Jennifer Hills [Goldman Sachs]. 

<Q - Jennifer Hills>: Good morning, I would like to dig into the organic growth in the medical business a little bit 
more. You had indicated that you're in the early stages of seeing some success with the Medical One program, do you 
see that the 7.7% growth in the second quarter is sustainable through the remainder of the year and can you give a little 
bit of color on did that come from existing business or expanding to new customers; are you taking share from larger 
customers or from smaller customers in the marketplace? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Well, when we look at the medical business and what we try not to do is give specific sales 
guidance by dental, medical, international or technology, but we were very pleased with the sales growth that we 
exhibited in medical. And when we looked across the product lines, we saw very strong growth in our equipment 
business, very strong growth in core med-surg. So, we feel good about that, and it's hard to tell where, what competitors 
are coming from. Surely, I think we gained market share during the quarter, because we don't think the medical market 
is growing any faster than probably the 4% range all in so we grew at almost two times that growth rate. We feel good 
about the long-term prospects of medical, the Medical One World initiative, as Stanley had said, has, to-date been very 
good for us. Stanley did say that we did not see any significant amount of sales erosion and we were expecting some. 
So, I think we still feel overall good about it. We're not giving specific guidance on the medical segment's revenues for 
the balance of the year. 

<Q - Jennifer Hills>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the Lisa Gill [JPMorgan]. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: Hi, good morning. When you look at the sale of the oncology business, can you just talk a little bit, 
Steve, about the write-down in the intangibles is that because the value has declined since your acquisitions that were 
made a couple of years ago? And then secondly, I remember having a conversation with you back a few years ago that 
you were excited about this opportunity and thought it was a real growth opportunity over the next couple of years. Can 
you just maybe talk about why you think that's changed? Has it become more competitive; is it because of the changes 
in reimbursement? And then just lastly, when you think about what you, what this business is worth, what do you think 
you possibly could get for it in the market? 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: Lisa, Steven will respond to the intangible write-down. There are two major reasons, which 
we disposed of this business. First of all, I think we have been talking about this perhaps for four quarters or so. The 
oncology market from a distribution point of view is challenged, the margins have come down significantly, and really 
it doesn't pay for us to focus our sales resource on the oncology market, because the margins are just not with it. We 
can take those sales resources and focus them elsewhere and do much much better. And that's been one of the reasons 
why our internal sales growth on the pharma side has been quite low because we have been deflating that business. So, 
what's left of that business, we are going to sell. 

The specialty pharma business is one in which, in order to be successful one needs a national presence, and quite 
frankly the price of those businesses is so high right now that we'd rather take our money and invest it elsewhere and 
not in a rollup of the specialty pharma side, because which today is driven by some of the pharmaceutical chains and 
some of the benefit companies. So, it's just not worth it; there are many, many other areas for us to invest in and get a 
better return for shareholders. 

<A - Steven Paladino>: So, I'll address, Lisa, your question on intangibles. Basically when we looked at what we 
expect to sell both businesses at, and we do not have definitive arrangements as of today on – to sell them, but we do 
believe that we are going to be able to complete sales before the end of the year. Basically, the proceeds that we're 
getting would require us to write down the intangibles because we wouldn't be getting back a return on those 
intangibles. 

As far as – just to add one point to Stanley's comment, when we talked about these businesses a few years ago, I think 
the markets were (a) more fragmented; today both markets are much more consolidated and very large players are in 
the markets. We are very small as you could see it's $100 million of revenues for us. So to compete effectively in this, 
in both of these markets where we are a very small player and up against people with very large market shares, I think 
is one of the changes that occurred from a few years ago. And also shortly after we entered these markets specifically 
on oncology, there was a change in reimbursement for oncology that caused the business from a distribution 
perspective to have even lower margins. So really we don't have to scale to really compete effectively and we just think 
we have better opportunities on the remaining medical business. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: And then just – just as a follow-up either Steve or Stanley – What do you plan to do with the proceeds 

– would you look to make acquisitions in other areas that you feel that there is good opportunities, increase your share 
buyback, how would you look at using that... 
<A - Stanley Bergman>: Lisa, we generate cash from the business in excess of our profits; that cash is used really for 
two reasons. One is to make buybacks of stocks, but more importantly, we're also – continue to see opportunities to 
expand the business through acquisitions, and as you know, our strategy for the past 12 years and at least for the 
foreseeable future contemplates a healthy mix between acquisition growth and internal growth. And the pipeline on the 
acquisition side, although we don't see anything huge at this very moment, remains healthy with lots of tuck-in 
acquisitions and opportunities to expand our presence in the existing markets we're in. So we would like to make 
investments in the $22 billion market that we're in – in which only have a 22% market share. 


<Q - Lisa Gill>: Okay, great. That's very helpful. So, I should just think of this as, not your marking it for anything 
specific, but rather just putting it back into the cash flow and using it for the same types of things you've done in the 
past? 

<A>: Yeah, correct, yes. 

<A>: Yeah. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: Great. Thank you very much for the comments. 

Operator 

Your next question comes form John Kreger [William Blair & Company]. 

<Q - Natalie Freedman>: Hi, this is Natalie Freedman in for John. You mentioned that you saw strength in Germany; 
would you attribute that strength to the beginning of benefits from the IDS Show? 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: Well, the strength in Germany is attributable to couple of things. First of all, the Henry 
Schein full-service business in Germany is during quite well, both on the consumable side and on the equipment side. 
Second, our business in the implant arena, the Camlog business is also doing quite well, and not only in Germany, but 
elsewhere. However, Germany is – we are the leading, the second largest implant company in Germany – in the 
German market. And we believe that overall implants are doing well in Germany, and we of course gaining market 
share as well. One has to balance that with some challenges in the mail order businesses in Germany, which are tending 
to move towards full-service similar to the trend we've seen in the United States. Overall, we had a good quarter in 
Germany, with the thrust from the full-service and the catalog business on both the consumable and equipment side and 
some challenges in the mail order business. 

<Q - Natalie Freedman>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from David Veal [Morgan Stanley]. 

<Q - David Veal>: Thanks. Just for the record I'm a big fan of the sale of the pharmaceutical assets. But I'm 
wondering, if the original thesis was, there is a one-stop shop opportunity here – these were more or less a loss, a loss 
leader to sell higher margin product, is there a risk here that by selling this you may lose some – some of the flu 
vaccine sales, for example, or some of the folks that were buying for that one-stop shop? 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: David, no. I think, in the oncology field there is definitely, we find this still just now I saw, 
18 months or so, didn't quite understand the beginning, it's really a bifurcated market. There is the consumable 
med-surg market and as you may know, we are the primary suppliers to – for example U.S. oncology and some others 
for med-surg. But the med-surg products in that market and the pharmaceutical products don't go together. There are 
some products that we are de-emphasizing, for example, Remicade, where the bulk of the products are sold as 
pharmaceuticals without much med-surg products that go along with it. However, for those customers that we – that are 
good med-surg customers that would like to buy Remicade from us we will carry the products. We have the right of 
course and will have the right to carry the oncological products, but I don't think there is going to be much correlation 
on that side, and with products such as Remicade there is a small connectivity and we will carry the product. But just 
like also in the nephrology area, we do sell the pharmaceuticals, but the bulk of these sales and the prospects certainly 
come from the med-surg. So, the connectivity and the correlation between the two – has to be viewed very carefully, 
and I think our medical people have a good handle on it. 

<Q - David Veal>: And just on the D4D side, I'm excited to hear that that's going to still be a second half product. Can 
you talk about any investments you're making there in terms of buying ad space or sales training, or things like that? 


<A - Steven Paladino>: Well, really at this point, the investment that to-date that we're making is very nominal. 
However, when we do launch the product, we do want make a nice splash in the marketplace. We do want to have a 
successful launch. So, while we haven't specifically quantified those sales and marketing expenses, we do believe that 
initially there will be some upfront expenses, but overall this, again from a longer-term perspective, we do believe that 
this is going to be a very profitable product for us for many years to come. But we haven't finalized exactly how much 
we're going to spend. We have different alternatives depending on – market conditions. But it won't be anything that 
will be a huge significant expenditure that we'll carve out separately. 

<Q - David Veal>: Okay. Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Bob Willoughby [Banc of America Securities]. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Net of the Caligor and the latest divestitures here, what is actually left that you would 
consider non-core, I think you referenced some incremental pharma sales, is there, how big are these, what assets might 
we see come out going forward? 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: I think we don't want to give specific numbers for competitive reasons, but there are products 
in the areas such as Remicade that perhaps we still have sales that we will shed. and there are a couple of other perhaps 
branded pharmaceuticals that we will remain a full line dealer for the big vaccine manufacturers. So, we are going 
through that, and overall either way, you can expect the profitability from our physician business to continue to grow. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: But no other business lines other than the pharma? 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: There may be, but I don't believe we will see any write-off of goodwill in that connection. 
Right, Steven? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Yeah, we are not expecting any goodwill intangible write-off, and I would say that, yes the 
lion's share is all in the pharma category; anything that is outside the pharma category is not significant enough really 
for us to talk about. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: And do you have any sense what the competitive response to an E4D launch might be? 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: I don't know, I mean, I wouldn't want to talk about what the competitors of that product will 
do other than to say, I am absolutely convinced, as I've mentioned publicly in the dental world before and to investors, 
that for us entering the CAD/CAM market in the United States, we are going to expand the market. And I believe that 
today we have about 1000 of the dental sales representatives in the marketplace talking positively about CAD/CAM, 
we have 1000 saying bad things about CAD/CAM, and we had 1000 that are saying, wait until Schein brings a product. 
I think that when our 1000 representatives are positively talking about CAD/CAM and the other 1000 that are talking 
positively about CAD/CAM continue, between the two-thirds of sales reps talking positively about CAD/CAM, we will 
expand the markets. And it will be good for dentistry, and I think good for both manufacturers. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Jeff Johnson. [Robert W. Baird] 

<Q - Jeff Johnson>: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Wondering if we can look at the medical 
business a little more here. With the hospital divestiture what, a year and a half ago, and today's news I think you've got 
divested or plan to divest close to 20% of your medical business. Can you just update us maybe where mix stands at 
this point in broad strokes as far as med-surg products and then pharmaceutical products, help us break that out of what 
remains? And then maybe where you expect that mix to go over the next year? 


<A - Stanley Bergman>: I don't know about specific mix; we don't really talk about that. What we do want you to 
know is that we're focused on the small practice, not to say that we will not deal with larger practices, but it's the 
smaller practice, the one to seven, that we can help with consultative selling, where we can help the practitioner with 
practice management advice on how to run a better business and provide better clinical care. And this is a strategy that 
has worked very well for us on the dental side, both here and abroad. 

And in that connection the idea is to focus on the higher margin products, because for that market we can sell it for a 
higher price, because we're providing value added services. The bigger the customers get, the more it becomes a supply 
chain relationship, where they are looking for the best logistics possible. They're not prepared to pay for our 
consultative selling that we offer through our field sales force. So, our focus will be on small practice providing 
value-added services, and in exchange for that expecting to continue to provide a big percentage of the consumables 
and also a growing percentage of equipment sales. So, I think that is what our focus will be. 

Of course, we will sell the pharmaceuticals, but the focus is on increasing profitability of that business and at the same 
time, absorbing overall overhead in our infrastructure at Henry Schein. I don't think it's that important to focus on the 
exact mix. We may have periodically good pharmaceutical product that may even carry a lower margin that we may 
sell for specific reasons, but at the end of the day we should focus on the profitability of that business and I think you'll 
be pleased with the direction that that's heading, and we expect that the profitability of our acquisition business will 
grow incrementally over the next few years. 

<Q - Jeff Johnson>: Thanks, Stanley. And Steve, understanding you don't guide to growth on a specific segment, is it 
fair to say at least that the specialty pharma and oncology that you're planning to divest is maybe a 1 to 2 point, excuse 
me 1 to 2 point drag on organic growth in that segment over the last four to six quarters? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Yeah, and we did provide detail in our press release of the combined sales of those, but yes, 
when I did look at it, it was somewhere in that 1 to 2% drag on overall sales growth. 

<Q - Jeff Johnson>: Fair enough. Thanks, guys. 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Okay. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your final question comes from Steve Postal [Lehman Brothers]. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Thanks. Steve, can you give us sales force figures? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Sure thing. In total at the end of Q2, we had 2,459 field sales people worldwide, and I'll give 
you the breakdown: U.S. dental operatory, so this excludes Canada and laboratory, was 1,032. Total dental group, again 
including now Canada and laboratory was an additional 255, bringing the total dental group up to 1,287. Medical was 

470. International was 702. That should total 2,459 and just as a point of reference, that's up about 20 people over last 
year's – over the first quarter rather. 
<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay. And then one follow-up question. I just wanted to drill down into the margin. It looked to 
be [inaudible] up 10-15 basis points year-on-year. If you excluded the technology impact, my question is, in the 
distribution business, would operating margins have been higher? And also, did any of the acquisitions either positively 
or negatively impact operating margins? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Well, the overall growth was driven by the distribution business, not the technology business. 
So, all of our margin expansion really was on the core distribution business, technology was flat to slightly down, and 
you will see those details when we file our 10-Q in the next day or two. Acquisitions certainly, I didn't really check this 
particular quarter, but longer-term, they improve margins, because when we look at for example, Becker-Parkin, which 
closed after the second quarter. We are going to bring in 40 to $50 million worth of revenues and we are really going to 
bring that in core infrastructure. We are not keeping any of the Becker-Parkin distribution centers, purchasing group, 


information technology services, all of that rolls into ours. 

So, what we retain is the sales and marketing touches for the customer and that mostly – is field sales people, but that 
will allow us to get incremental operating margin out of the acquisitions. But I didn't see the – I didn't do a detailed 
analysis for the second quarter, simply because when you look at some acquisitions like Darby, the customer gets 
combined and it gets a little bit difficult to say how much have the margin expansion is coming from an acquisition 
versus something else. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Fair enough. And then, one, your relationship with Biolase – Do you feel like you're fully 
ramped up there, or is it still more training and other things to go? 

<A - Steven Paladino>: Well, I think, when we look at Biolase, I think, we still see very good opportunity for 
additional sales and unit growth. I think, we made good progress in the second quarter, but I would say there is still 
more significant opportunity going forward, as our sales force gets more comfortable with the product line, and as we 
penetrate more of the market that doesn't have a lase. So, we feel good about again longer-term prospects for Biolase. 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: I mean, I think what is – needs to be understood is I think Biolase was about high 20s in sales 
people; we have about 900 or something like that, and if you add Canada maybe over a 1000, and these people need to 
get to know each other. The Biolase sales force is obviously – has obviously a lot of Schein people to meet and it's not 
always easy for the Schein people to have a lot of time with the Biolase sales force. That's going to evolve over time 
and as people get to meet each other, know each other, understand the product, I think you can expect sales to ramp up. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question is a follow-up from David Veal. [Morgan Stanley] 

<Q - David Veal>: Hey, thanks. Stan in past quarters you gave us some good detail on the – Pan-European integration. 
I wonder if you could just update us on where we stand on that. 

<A - Stanley Bergman>: Yes, David. I think we are moving very well in Europe with respect to infrastructure 
integration. Germany, Austria, Belgium, and Holland are largely completed. We are now looking toward the integration 
of Italy onto the system; lots of work is going on there now, and we expect in the first quarter to have that completed, 
and then we move into France and of course Italy when France is done. So I think we're well on the way to complete 
integration by somewhere around 2000, end of 2008, 2009, assuming no further acquisition. Assuming we make further 
acquisitions in Europe, which we do contemplate, the plan could change, but either way these acquisitions will only be 
incremental to the expected operating margins. 

<Q - David Veal>: That's great. Thank you. 

Stanley M. Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

So, thank you very, very much ladies and gentlemen, for participating in the call. As you can see there are a number of 
very positive dynamics at Henry Schein I think you can also see that we are a company that continues to be broad 
focused, and where we find a strategy that does not necessarily result in the best return on committed capital, we prune 
and focus even deeper. So, we are very happy with the state of the company as we head into our dental national sales 
meeting tomorrow, and will report back on these results at our next call in about 90 days. So, thank you very much. 

If you do have any questions, please feel free to call Neal Goldner who heads up our Investor Relations at extension 
2820, and Susan Vassallo, who heads our Communications at 5562, and Steve Paladino of course at 5915, and at 6313. 
So, thank you very much and look forward to having a call again in 90 days. 


Operator 

This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


