Q2 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
• Gregg Blatt 
• Greg Blatt 
Other Participants 

• Ross Sandler 
• John Blackledge 
• Jason Helfstein 
• Kerry Rice 
• Ingrid Chung 
• Mark Mahaney 
• Jeetil Patel 
• Brian Pitz 
• Ronald Josey 
• Jim Friedland 
• Justin Post 
• Bridget Weishaar 
• Scott Kessler 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Shannon and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I 
would like to welcome everyone to the IAC Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to 
prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator 
Instructions]. 

I now turn the call over to Mr. Tom McInerney, Chief Financial Officer. Mr. McInerney, you may begin. 

Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, operator, and everyone for joining us this morning for our Q2 earnings call. Barry will make some brief 
remarks after which I will come back to quickly highlight some issues. We also have Greg Blatt, the CEO of 
Match.com with us in New York today. So he'll join us in Q&A as well. 

But first, I will remind you that during this call we may discuss our outlook for future performance. These 
forward-looking statements typically are preceded by words such as "we expect", "we believe", "we anticipate", or 
similar statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, and our actual results could 
differ materially from the views expressed today. 


Some of these risks have been set forth in our Q2 2010 press release and our periodic reports filed with the SEC. We'll 
also discuss certain non-GAAP measures. I refer you to our press release and the Investor Relations section of our 
website for all comparable GAAP measures and full reconciliations. 

With that, I'll turn it over to Barry. 

Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you. Good morning. I'm just going to talk for a couple of minutes and then Mr. McInerney will go into brief 
details and then we'll do what we really should do, which is spend the majority of our time on questions that you all 
have about the company. 

As Tom said, we have Greg Blatt with us, who runs Match.com and so we certainly invite any questions you may have 
on that topic that he can answer more expansively or more directly, although that is something of a challenge with Tom 
sitting here but he will be able to do whatever in responding to you all. 

I know there is always questions about our repurchase activity and our capitalization. As we purchased 7 million shares 
of stock in the last quarter, since the spin-off we've spent close to $1 billion. And we've purchased 30 – about 36% of 
the outstanding shares. And since the spin, we've purchased 50 million shares. 

So while we have no absolute program, so to speak, other than what we've said for some time, which is we want to 
invest further in the company itself. We've got plenty of resources to do so and we'll continue to do so 
opportunistically. Other than that, we don't talk about it until after the quarter in which we purchased the stock. 

So and we have currently close to 1 billion, 1.47 billion, 1.5 billion actually of cash. So we started the spin with about 2 
billion. So we purchased 1 billion and we've only depleted our cash by 25% which still leaves us overcapitalized which 
we'll deal with as time goes on. And with that, I think we should – Tom, you want to do your remarks and then we'll do 
Q&A. 

Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Yes. Just a couple things. Just some supplemental information. The search results were obviously very good overall and 
they were also fairly balanced. We had revenue and improved profitability in all of our principal business lines, Ask, 
Dictionary, both proprietary and distributed toolbars and CityGrid all saw a nice revenue growth. Margins were up 
substantially year-over-year as a result of this revenue growth, as well as comping against a period a year ago where we 
had some inefficient marketing. 

The Q3 fundamentals continue to feel reasonably solid, but I will remind you that Q3 is our seasonally slowest period 
in this business and the comps get materially tougher as by Q3 last year we had cut out a lot of that inefficient 
marketing. This, plus some RPQ pressure we're seeing and some modest marketing investment in connection with 
various new product efforts are likely to cause margins in this segment to be down a bit sequentially. 

Turning to Match, the fundamentals are very strong. We saw 8% subscriber growth excluding the net effect of 
acquisitions and divestitures. And in fact, our core domestic business grew in the low double-digits. Our new 
arrangement with Yahoo! contributed a few points to this, but growth was very strong without this deal as our 
marketing messages and the quality of our service have been breaking through. 

As discussed in our last call, reported margins in the quarter reflect acquisition effects, including purchase accounting 
and we continue to expect a strong full year top and bottom line, which is always the preferred tracking period for all of 
our businesses. 

ServiceMagic's quarter reflects a continuation of the trends we have seen in the last few. Macro conditions and 
competition for online leads in the home services space have pressured our margins, and we've exacerbated this in a 
sense by choosing to continue to grow our sales force and invest internationally and in other product areas. Obviously, 


this reflects our continued belief in the long-term attractiveness of the business, but we do not expect near-term trends 
to improve materially. 

Finally, media and other, we obviously have a number of initiatives, so I'll say only that with respect to the financial 
aggregation, we look for continued strong revenue growth and modest losses next quarter. We had a few things go our 
way in Q2, so we don't currently forecast this loss level to continue sequentially, but it should be somewhere between 
where we were last year Q3 and the quarter just ended. So we're still dealing with net modest numbers. 

Finally I'll just call out yet another very strong quarter for cash generation bringing year-to-date free cash flow to 105 
million and we currently expect cash flow for the remainder of the year to be strong. Despite our sizeable share 
repurchases, which Barry mentioned, over the last several quarters our balance sheet and financial flexibility remain 
quite robust. 

So with that, operator, let's take questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Ross Sandler from RBC. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Ross Sandler>: Thanks, guys, just two quick questions. First on Match, Greg, can you walk us through the 
economics of the Yahoo! partnership and now that you've locked in this deal, are there any more large strategic 
possibilities in front of Match or is it all about execution from here? 

And then, second, on search, Barry, you've mentioned before that the toolbar business is a higher margin business 
within search. Can you remind us, how much more profitable it is versus core web search? 

And then I know, Tom you just mentioned that margins will be down quarter-over-quarter but if you look over the 
long-term, do you expect margins in search to slowly ramp as toolbar becomes a greater part of the mix. Any more 
color there? Thanks. 

<A - Gregg Blatt>: On Match, I can't go into the specifics of the economics of the Yahoo! deal, but I will say that over 
time we don't expect it to change in any meaningful way the general margin or acquisition dynamics or economics of 
the business. I think to put it in perspective, it's a deal that other than the one time migration, which is effectively over, 
it's a deal not unlike the MSN-AOL portal deals that we've traditionally had. 

And collectively even with the Yahoo! deal, these are a much smaller portion of our business than they've historically 
been. So I think we view this as an important deal and an important source of traffic but sort of, one among many going 
forward and we're very happy with how it's going and don't expect it to really shift the fundamental economics of the 
business. 

In terms of strategic possibilities and execution, it's always about execution and we're very focused on that every day as 
Tom said. The fundamentals of the business are going really well. There are also always strategic opportunities. I mean 
this is – viewed expansively, this is a space where there is a lot of things going on and new things happening every day 
and we're obviously looking at everything. But there is no – there is no gaping hole or glaring hole that we have that 
we're trying to fill. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: On toolbars, I don't think I ever really referred directly 
to margins. It's – toolbars is a good business and it's better business as a business than Ask. But I don't think, Tom, we 
disclosed margins and – on segment breakouts, do we? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No, no. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: So we'll probably maintain that policy, I presume. 


<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: We will. But Ross, it's – look, 
as Barry said, it's a good business. I think we've said we think there are margin opportunities in the search segment 
overall compared to where we were last year, for example. I think we were just under 12%. 

You see that when the volume is there this quarter with the figures this quarter, we have some timing issues and comp 
issues and things like that in Q3. It will bounce around as the volume moves around as the marketing mix moves 
around. But to your general question, the most important question, do we think there is margin opportunity in search 
longer term as we move through this year and into next year and beyond, the answer is yes. 

And that will come from the good toolbar business and it will come from lots of other initiatives as well. But there is no 
reason the business can't, properly executed, operate closer to where it once was and whether we get exactly there and 
over what time period we'll see. But it is an opportunity for us. 

<A>: Next question? 

Operator 

Your next question or comment comes from the line of John Blackledge from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open. 

<Q - John Blackledge>: Thanks. Two questions. Firstly given that you continue to buy back shares in the second 
quarter and finished the quarter with 1.4 billion in net cash. I'm just wondering, if you can talk about use of cash in the 
back half of the year. Thoughts on further share back. 

And then also on the M&A environment, was there anything interesting to fill around existing assets and what types of 
deals are you looking at? 

And then the other question would be on search revenue would you expect it to accelerate in the third quarter from 
second quarter levels? 

And then was TAC the biggest driver of cost of goods sold growth in the second quarter? Thanks. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: A tongue twister. Tom, why don't you handle the 
second part of that and then I will talk about...? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Okay. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I'll talk about what I talked about at the beginning. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes. Look, I think search was 
up 18% revenue growth in Q2. So I don't – I'm not sure I'll ever predict acceleration under any circumstance off those 
levels. Obviously those are quite robust. And the fundamentals of top line growth in the search segment are good. 
There are various pluses and minuses as there always are, and we have lots of different efforts and things like that. So 
over the balance of the year as we currently see it, we see good revenue growth. But acceleration from 18% would be a 
tall order. 

I think your last question was on TAC. I think we have a couple questions in terms of that. In the cost of goods line in 
the consolidated P&L, we do book traffic acquisition costs against the distributed toolbar business and certain direct 
online marketing expenses in other parts of the search business. And in the given quarter as you see in the figures, we 
had a big jump on that on a percentage basis. It was completely offset, kind of almost dollar for dollar on the marketing 
expense side. 

So there's was a bit of a, you know accounting dictates kind of what goes into that line versus the marketing line further 
down the P&L, those roughly offset on a combined basis in the search segment and overall it was roughly flat and you 
have kind of mix issues on spend in there. 


<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: On stock purchases, we report that after the quarter in 
which we purchased stock I don't think shareholders can have any expectations, we may not buy stock for quarter after 
quarter after quarter and then we'll come in and buy stock. We think that it's an opportunistic process for us. 

And as far as acquisitions, nothing has changed for us. We don't see any acquisitions out there of any size. We do 
tuck-ins to our own businesses or buy small little things that we think are interesting, but nothing has happened that has 
either gotten our appetite enlarged. 

Next question, please. 

Operator 

Your next question or comment comes from the line of Jason Helfstein from Oppenheimer & Company. Your line is 
now open. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Hi, thanks. Two questions and then just a data point question, so Barry, why do you think Ask 
has managed to hold its share of paid clicks even as we're seeing Bing aggressively attack Yahoo! and AOL. I mean, 
it's pretty obvious in the numbers. 

And then on RezBook, maybe any comments on the strategy there? I assume you're not going to install terminals like 
OpenTable. So how do you plan to attract restaurant partners given the complication of using multiple reservation 
systems? 

And then just lastly if you guys just could comment on the 88 million toolbar downloads, if you can comment on what 
percent of that comes from U.S. users? Thanks. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: On Ask, the reason I think Ask has been able to 
maintain to some degree is because it's always been willing to make changes, do things, act in very responsive and very 
quick ways to changes and other kinds of things. It's been alert. 

But what I think all of our investors should understand is Ask itself, the Ask network is a significant part, but Ask itself 
is not a large segment of the company. And I hoped that it would become one, but I was wrong about that, wrong about 
the competitive situation with Google. I think we've been more inventive than anyone else. But all that succeeded in 
doing is making Google's site better and our other competitors' sites better. They look much like what Ask began to 
look like when it introduced its – its new features have been copied almost instantly by the competition. So, that's not 
an excuse or a rationalization, but the competition was harder. In any event, it's not a big segment for us. The other 
parts of the Ask network that we bought, the toolbar parts and other parts are significant for us. But search itself, direct 
search is not a critical part of the company. 

And RezBook, RezBook I saw – no, we're not installing anything of any tool making or machinery or anything else 
inside restaurants. What RezBook is and the new product which has just come out which is kind of an iPad product. It 
is an iPad product, which is a great form factor for restaurants. It's a great system and there is a big installed base, of 
course with OpenTable, but there is plenty of room there with lots of other restaurants that are not part of the 
OpenTable process. And it's – I think it's much lighter for a restaurant, meaning lighter in the sense that it doesn't have 
all of the entrenched machinery, so to speak, that OpenTable has. So it's not a big effort for us, but it's a nice idea out of 
Urbanspoon. Urbanspoon grows like crazy in terms of its appeal on the iPhone. And we think this is a nice little 
addition to it. Do you have anything else to add about RezBook? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, yeah, the only thing I'd 
add is obviously we have a couple of things to also bring to it which is the CityGrid network, both in terms of resellers, 
people we're working with to sell performance advertising product into the CityGrid network as well as publishers, 
where we distribute that advertising. And so those are two big assets that we will bring to the RezBook effort to drive 
bookers, as well as, potentially to help us resell and distribute the product. But I would also say to – we're very much in 
kind of the formative stages of developing the strategy here. So I think more to come. It's premature, we're testing it in 


basically two or three markets with a very small investment at this step and we're not – we're certainly cognizant of the 
large player out there and we're going to come up with a sensible strategy and more to come. 

On the last part of your question in terms of the active toolbar mix, it's roughly two-thirds international, the installed 
base, but probably less than a quarter of our revenue comes from that international side. So the revenue monetization 
skews much more heavily domestic than international. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Thank you. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Next question, please. 

Operator 

Your next question or comment comes from the line of Kerry Rice from Wedbush. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Kerry Rice>: Thanks a lot. We've obviously been talking a lot about search. Sorry. I'm going to keep going down 
this road here but based upon what you kind of – Barry, what you discussed in the last question, so should we think 
really Search or maybe Ask -- or maybe not Ask, maybe Search in general as really you guys are developing a really 
strong proprietary toolbar business and if that is in case the way we should think about search for Interactive Corp, how 
do you see the competitive landscape? Do you think that the competition has been very tough there or do you expect it 
to increase? 

And then as a corollary to that, you guys are launching at least a beta with kind of this community search that you guys 
announced, I believe, yesterday. And how does that fit into the strategy of search for Interactive Corp? 

And then I just have one follow-up on Match in that how does – when did we start – when did you guys start to see the 
impact from Yahoo? I know they turned off the personals here late in July. But it seems like you benefited early or mid 
Q2 from that agreement with Yahoo. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: First on Ask, it's true. Competition there is – I think you 
can't even define it as tough. There is a majority player who has close to 70% of the market. I mean, that's almost a 
closeout. But nevertheless, Ask has been able to maintain to a degree, its share and the introduction of Q&A, Ask Q&A 
is a furtherance to that, that's what I was talking about earlier in terms of Ask being willing to keep turning on its own 
dime with relatively little investment but very good technology, very good smarts inside the company to make 
something of itself that it can compete in. 

We think Q&A is an area where we over-index anyway, given the obviousness of Ask as a brand. And in natural 
language queries and community is another avenue for us to get the right answers on qualitative subjects so that they're 
posed. We think over time we can build a real brand in that area and that no one else is really concentrating on it the 
way we are planning to do so. And we think it would be a good product. 

But, again, yes, as far as search is concerned, the business there is – the substantial business there is the toolbar 
business. And toolbar business does well. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes. And I think that just to 
add to that, the toolbar business is intensely competitive but perhaps even more open than kind of search proper, if you 
will, to innovation, creativity, different forms of go to market, when you look at the shares, when you look at the 
number of players. And we think we only have about a 10% domestic share in the toolbar business, despite having a 
very substantial business. And when you look at the market receptivity, to new products we've come out with, whether 
on the proprietary side, or on the distribution side working with partners there is a lot of receptivity there, there are lot 
of ways to drive distribution and so it's intensely competitive. Obviously everybody wants to be on the desktop, but it's 
a category that in our four years in the business has always responded to – has responded to innovation and good 
execution. 


<A - Greg Blatt>: On the match Yahoo piece, I think it's helpful to think about the deal in two pieces. There is the 
migration which is the attempt to get their preexisting user base over to Match, and then there is the ongoing sort of 
advertising and other placements designed to get people to come over time. 

The migration was a one-time thing. It started in mid-May. It ended in mid-July. And that gave their existing user base 
an opportunity to come over to Match. That's effectively over. And the ongoing – sort of traffic goes on through the 
term of the deal. So those are the two components. We started seeing the first impact of the deal in mid-May, and it 
continues to grow. 

<Q - Kerry Rice>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Next question, please. 

Operator 

Your next question or comment comes from the line of Ingrid Chung from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Ingrid Chung>: Thanks. Good morning. So, on a neglected segment here, for ServiceMagic, I was wondering, if 
you could talk about why customer request growth slowed from 40% in 1Q to 21% in 2Q? And I was wondering, if you 
could also speak to when we'll see margin expansion on a year-over-year basis again? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, sure. Obviously it 
slowed sequentially, still up 21%. So on an absolute basis service request growth was still pretty strong. I think there is 
a couple of factors. One, is we do think there is some macro forces at play in there. I know there are a number of 
homeowner incentives that expired either before or in the quarter; I think that's part of it. 

Also as we manage our online marketing mix, which is the predominant marketing channel and the way we generate 
these service requests, we were implementing a number new tactical approaches designed at improving the contribution 
margin piece of it. Some of those hurt volume but helped on the margin side. 

So the way we focus on the business, is we have an eye on that line, but really what we care about is what's going on at 
kind of the gross contribution level after those marketing costs and what we're bringing to the bottom line. And on a 
contribution basis, the results in Q2 were our contribution per SI after marketing costs were actually better than Q1. So 
we saw a little bit of sequential improvement in that metric and gross margin dollar growth, again, after marketing costs 
or gross contribution dollar growth was very close to what we saw in Q1. 

So Q2 was, again, there were some pluses and some minuses. But some things were better than Q1 actually. Some 
things were a little bit worse, but not – it was not a big slowing. On the other hand, it still, as I said in my remarks, 
reflects the overall sluggishness of that sector and competition for leads in the context of that sluggishness. 

I think in terms of when it reverses itself, we don't know yet. It's not – we don't feel it and, so therefore, you start 
prognosticating what happens in macro markets and the online kind of bidding and stuff that relates to those markets. 
And we'd be just guessing. 

I think some of the investment will start to even out and not grow and so you'll be spreading that investment over 
higher revenue base as we get into next year. So I don't currently see any worsening, but I'm not yet ready to call a turn. 

<Q - Ingrid Chung>: Okay. Great, thank you. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Next question. 

Operator 


Your next question or comment comes from the line of Mark Mahaney from Citi. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Mark Mahaney>: Thanks. Three questions, please. First, Tom, you said you expected cash flow to be strong in 
the second half of the year versus that 105 million in the first half of the year, is there something about the seasonality 
of the second half of the year that would make that contribution materially greater or less than that 105 million? I know, 
you won't answer whether you can do 200 million in free cash flow, but if we think through the seasonal factors behind 
that cash flow, what does strong in the second half of the year mean? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sorry. I think the first part of 
my remarks didn't come. I meant in kind of an absolute sense and relative to OIBA. So, I don't think there are any big – 
there's always seasonal effects and things can move around month to month, but there's nothing in terms of free cash 
flow that I would point out that's materially better or worse in the back half relative to the front half. And the way I 
always start by looking at it is how much of our OIBA are we turning into after tax free cash. And it's been a very, very 
high percentage over the last two years really. And I'd expect that to continue in the second half. 

<Q - Mark Mahaney>: And then in the Ask business, I think when you talked about Q3 guidance, you mentioned a 
couple of reasons why margins would be down sequentially. I think you mentioned something about marketing spend? 
Could you just elaborate on that a little bit, if I got that right? Is there something new you plan to do there? 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Not really. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Not really. These are – the 
thing with margins obviously – I know they're a focal point but kind of a few million dollars, 2, 3, $4 million of online 
marketing spend that can be up or down in a given quarter behind certain initiatives can make a meaningful difference. 
And so, that's one of the components. It's not the only component. 

We have a much tougher comp. If you look at the Q2 to Q3 performance last year, obviously we pulled out a lot of 
marketing after Q2. So Q3 is a much tougher comp, and I think just that factor plus a couple things we're doing. And I 
mentioned we're not seeing very robust revenue per query right now, and that's a factor as well. 

<Q - Mark Mahaney>: And then the final question on gross margins. I know this is more of an output of the model 
than anything else, but would you just talk through the gross margin trend for the company overall? It's been trending 
down, I guess, over the last year and a half. And I assume that's just a revenue mix shift or is there anything else we 
should think about in that? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, that's a pure -- as I said, 
it's a pure revenue mix shift as we move. In fact, in some ways it's a good thing because as we move the business to 
revenue streams with higher percentages, where they're driven by kind of direct return marketing spend, if you will, 
more of that gets booked into that line than the marketing expense line. So if you looked at kind of total cost of 
customer acquisition and put those two together, then it's flat to down over that same period. 

So, we may work on some additional metrics there because I think as things get booked in one line or the other per the 
accounting literature, you have very similar types of spend, and sometimes it goes in one bucket and sometimes in the 
other and you really have to think about them on a combined basis. And there the trends are favorable both this quarter 
and really over the course of this entire year. 

<Q - Mark Mahaney>: Thank you, Tom. Thank you, Barry. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. Next question? 

Operator 

Your next question or comment comes from the line of Jeetil Patel from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open. 


<Q - Jeetil Patel>: Hey, guys. I have 25 questions, just kidding. A couple of questions. I guess you guys have put up 
mid double-digit growth now for a couple of – mid-teens growth now for a couple quarters now. Not that it's a trend but 
obviously it looks to be. But can you talk through maybe the sustainability of growth over the next several years? What 
do you think – kind of roughly, do you think this is more bouncing off the bottom in terms of the downturn of last year? 
Do you think this type of kind of qualitative growth rate is attainable as we look ahead over the next couple years and 
given some of the businesses that you're in? 

And then second, on Match.com, you had 8% sub growth, 4% revenue growth organic and double digits in the U.S. So 
obviously you added quite a few subs at the end of the quarter. Is it safe to assume that the growth rate in Match.com 
looks actually even stronger as the comps get easier in addition to just kind of that sub growth at the tail end of the 
quarter? 

And then also just curious what's happened since... 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: You really do have 25 questions. 

<Q - Jeetil Patel>: I tried 20. I got to about four. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: We're going to make you repeat your third, but why 
don't we answer the first two first because there was some cross chatter. Look, I guess I'd answer the – the first one is 
tough. Obviously, the nature of the businesses we're in, things are pretty dynamic. They move around. Let me answer 
in a sense the absence of a negative. I do not think the revenue growth you're seeing this year is only a reflection of 
bounce off the bottom. We don't have – display is a tiny percentage of our business, the search business was impacted 
by macro conditions last year but not kind of terribly whacked. 

And so when you think through the businesses, we've been talking about some of them today, we've been not talking 
about some of them today like CityGrid and some of our newer efforts, we certainly aspire to – and we wouldn't aspire 
to it if we didn't think it was achievable – a double-digit revenue growth over an extended period of time. You can tick 
through the businesses, Match, ServiceMagic, CityGrid, search led by toolbars, but the broad efforts, and then some of 
the newer stuff. So there is no reason you can't do that. 

On the other hand, as I've said countless times, these are not markets that are growing at those rates and all you do is 
kind of come and punch the clock and maintain share and go home at 5:00 and you're done. All of our operating 
executives kind of zig and zag every day, there's constant challenges. It's a competitive space. It's the nature of the 
consumer Internet. But certainly that would be the aspiration. Greg, you want to take the second one? 

<A - Greg Blatt>: Yes. On Match, obviously there is some complications in figures there. The 8% up growth reflects 
the existing U.S. businesses that we had going up, as Tom said, in the low double digits. But our existing international 
businesses were declining, so that led to the 8%. Obviously, the sub growth is a forward indicator of revenue. So as you 
grow through the quarter, you recognize most of the revenue in future quarters and that sub growth happened over the 
course of the quarter and is continuing. So I think it's strong in that way. I'm not sure exactly what more your question 
was... 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Asked and answered. I think that was quite. What was 
your third one? Sorry, we did miss it. 

<Q - Jeetil Patel>: July 21 Yahoo! did the drop dead – that was the drop date for all their personals altogether. Just 
curious what you've seen in the past week? Have you seen maybe an up-tick or acceleration in just Match. So that as 
those that did not transition over to Match already are making the move now? 

<A - Greg Blatt>: No. I think nothing meaningful. I think the users who wanted to migrate over, migrated over. The 
ones who didn't I think were either done with the service for a while or just weren't interested in doing it. We didn't see 
any noticeable jump after the end of the migration period. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. Next question. 


Operator 

Your next question or comment comes from the line of Brian Pitz from UBS. Your line is now open. 


<Q - Brian Pitz>: Thanks, guys. A quick one on the Ask, maybe what kind of investment in marketing we should 
expect around the Q&A platform? 
And then on InstantAction, which re-launched this quarter, any early metrics there? 
And maybe your view on the competitive space. We have seen Yahoo bolster their offering with Zynga and Google 


getting into it and recent M&A activity with Disney and Playdom, any color on the competitive space there would be 
nice too. 
<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: What was the first question? 
<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: On Ask. 


<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: On Ask. 
<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Look, I think if we are going 
to launch this... 


<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Very little. How's that? 
<Q - Brian Pitz>: Okay. 
<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: And only if it returns. 
<Q - Brian Pitz>: Yes. 
<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: We're not anymore in. We've learned. I mean, we've 


spent a good amount of money learning that marketing doesn't get you very far in search and we're not going to spend 
much. I think that's an answer. 


<Q - Brian Pitz>: Okay. 
<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: InstantAction. We've 
launched our platform. I think it's early to judge and we're working on InstantJam which is a new guitar game that we'll 
launch later this quarter. And obviously, look, it's an intensely competitive space. 


We have technology in terms of browser-based gaming that we still think provides us some advantage. But at the end 
of the day, this is a business where kind of platform and technology can help but you've got to produce high quality 
games. 


And we're anxious to see how the next game that we're about to launch -- really the first game that we're about to 
launch which is also the next game we're about to launch does. And if that is well received, then there is always going 
to be plenty of room in this space, notwithstanding Zynga and everything else who are obviously very large 
competitors. But consumers will find hit games and from there leads to other opportunities, other games, growth of our 
platform, further alliances, etcetera. But it's a step at a time and we're still in the throes of it. 


<Q - Brian Pitz>: Great. Thanks, Barry. Thanks, Tom. 
<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Next question. 


Operator 

Your next question or comment comes from the line of Doug Anmuth from Barclays Capital. Your line is now open. 


<Q - Ronald Josey>: Hi, this is Ron Josey calling in for Doug, and thanks for taking our question. Back on Ask, real 
quick on revenue per query. I think with revenues growing 18% in search but revenue per query declined although 
active toolbars grew 51%, what do you think is needed for RPQ to start growing again over all. Does it need to? And 
can you quantify how much RPQ declined in the quarter? Thank you. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes. The RPQ -- first of all, 
let's break it apart. Proprietary if you think about RPQ on proprietary products, whether it's Ask proper or our 
proprietary toolbars was flat to up slightly, low single digits. So we're not – we weren't getting the help there that we've 
got at various points in time. But it certainly wasn't hurting us as well. 

The overall RPQ was down meaningfully higher single digits because of mix issues. As the distributed toolbar business 
grows very quickly, that just has a lower RPQ, still quite a good monetization rate. Still plenty good to make plenty of 
money and a good business and all those things. It just happened to have a lower monetization rate than some of the 
other properties. 

And so that is purely a function of mix. And we're going to take that growth all day long, and if it happens to outgrow 
the proprietary side and RPQ results as a result of the – or declines as a result of that mix, who cares. 

We're looking at it property by property and when we look at it property by property, I would say right now as I 
mentioned kind of late in Q2, early in July, it moved from flat to up slightly to flat to down slightly so it's not helping 
us right but it's also not hurting us materially and the big effects are mix. 

<Q - Ronald Josey>: Great. Thank you. If I could ask one follow on, just on the media and other segment, I know you 
gave a little bit of guidance on 3Q. But given the profitability for this quarter and 3Q, do you think Media and Other is 
close to contributing to overall profitability perhaps in 4Q and in 2011 going forward? 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I would certainly hope in 2011, but can't be sure. But 
there's a possibility. I can – look, my CFO across from me is like looking – let me call it unpleasant, because I think if 
you just project it out – first of all, I guess we don't do that. But if you just project it out, there's still a lot of investment 
left to be made. But I'm very optimistic about what we're doing in that area. So I'm hopeful. So do you want to... 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No. I'm hopeful too. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. Good. 

<Q - Ronald Josey>: Great. Thank you very much, guys. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Next question. 

Operator 

Your next question or comment comes from the line of Jim Friedland from Cowen & Company. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Jim Friedland>: Thanks. A question on some of the corporate level expenses. Corporate overhead has been 
coming down year-over-year and you said you've been rightsizing it. Given that the business is growing, at what point 
do you reach a steady state and where it starts to grow again? 

And then the second part of that is on CapEx, first half CapEx has been running at about 13 million a quarter. Last year 
it was running 10 million a quarter. Is anything – are there any projects going on or should we look at the current 
CapEx spend as just what the business demands? Thanks. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, I think the rate of decline 
on the corporate expense was probably starting to approach the – kind of the limit on that. So I don't expect big material 
further declines. That will flatten out, I also but I do not expect, even if the company grows, any material increases as 
well. So as best we can see right now, we'll judge it as we go. But as best we can see right now, I would think about it 
as flattish. 


And the same is true for CapEx. The majority of our CapEx is actually capitalized wages. Not actual hard goods. And 
that can – how much you capitalize versus you in period expense is a function of lots of accounting mechanics in terms 
of what the engineers are working on and the like. There are no major projects. There are lots of projects but there's 
nothing of major capital consuming projects. And, again, I don't expect material change in either direction on that line 
from current run rate. 

<Q - Jim Friedland>: Okay. That's great. Thanks. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Next question, please. 

Operator 

Your next question or comment comes from the line of Justin Post from BoA Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Justin Post>: Thank you. Just one long-term question on personals and then Barry, a question for you. Personals 
you've been able to consolidate the space and a less competitive environment in the U.S. for sure. Should that show up 
in better, longer term margins as you look out at few years? 

And then Barry or maybe, Tom, you could talk about the ownership percentage of Liberty currently where it stands. 
And Barry, if you have any comments on how the relationship is now versus over the last couple of years? Thank you. 

<A - Greg Blatt>: On the margin questions, our margins are pretty good. And I would hate to predict them getting 
better. I think the competitive environment is changing, but I don't know that it's lessening. 

I think you read every day about new entrants in the space with this concept or that gadget or whatever, and I think it's 
a very evolving space. And we've consolidated a little bit, but we sort of consolidated in sort of a vertical way meaning 
the People Media sites didn't really compete with the Match sites and all that sort of thing. So I don't – I certainly don't 
view it as a less competitive space that's going to lead to margin expansion. We're always working to be as efficient as 
we can. But I don't think it's an outcome of the competitive landscape. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: As to Liberty, Liberty owns 11... 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: 12.8. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Sorry. 11.8. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Percent. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Percent. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sorry. I thought... 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: You're correct, its 12.8 shares. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: 12.8 million shares. Yes. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: All right. And it's obviously down from what they used 
to own. And all the shares now are essentially the 'B' shares. They've sold all of the A shares. The relationship between 
Liberty and, Liberty in terms of John Malone is excellent. It has been quite good since the unfortunate period, shortly 
thereafter we sat down and talked and it's been quite fine since then. I think John and I enjoy talking to each other and 
he's on the Board of Expedia. He's left the Board of IAC simply because he does not – he's got, as he says, just too 
many Board commitments but we speak frequently and all is well. As far as Liberty's intent, you'd best ask them as to 
what their intentions are for the future in terms of their holdings of the stock. 

<Q - Justin Post>: Okay. Thank you. 


<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Next question, please. 

Operator 

Your next question or comment comes from the line of Imran Khan from JPMorgan. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Bridget Weishaar>: Hi. This is Bridget for Imran. A few quick questions, first in the search segment can you tell 
us if there is any verticals you're seeing strength or weakness in? 

And then secondly looking at things on a broader scale, the mobile market is becoming a fast evolving space. Can you 
tell us how the IAC products are doing in it? Thanks. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes. The short answer to your 
first one is, no, there is no discernible on any given month on any given property; various types of queries and RPQ can 
be up, down whatever. But as we look at the data, I don't see anything that I can call – extract a – in terms of a trend by 
vertical. 

In terms of mobile, in terms of mobile we have a number of efforts first of all at match.com, Greg, why don't you speak 
to that and then we can cover a couple of other things. 

<A - Greg Blatt>: Yeah, I mean, at Match we've got, our app is across all of the major platforms Android and iPhone 
and Palm and everything else. And it's actually one of our fastest growing channels. Until a month ago we actually used 
to charge it as an add-on. Starting I think July 1, we actually stopped charging for it additionally and give it complete 
access with subscription because it's such a great tool for us. It's becoming a big acquisition channel and a great source 
of engagement. So we're investing behind it and it's really doing great for us. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes. And we have literally in 
every business I think we have to varying degrees and obviously varying states of progress, but we have interesting 
activity, we talked about Rez earlier. Certainly mobile is a critically important part of Citysearch's strategy and the 
CityGrid network where distributing advertising over its publisher network and they're having good traction on adding 
publishers as well as proprietary products on the Blackberry, iPad, Android. Urbanspoon, nearly 10 million cumulative 
iPhone app downloads, Dictionary over 7 million cumulative iPhone app downloads and working on new products 
really in all of our businesses. So I would say we're moving to the stage where in a sense it's just a deeply integrated 
part of each business's strategy. 

Why don't we take one more question, please? 

Operator 

Your next question or comment comes from the line of Scott Kessler from Standard & Poor's. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Scott Kessler>: Thank you very much. Greg, I'm interested in Match.com's growth strategy. Could you comment 
a little bit about the international efforts that were alluded to before? Obviously, you guys have done some deals with 
Meetic in terms of Europe and Latin America. And also if you could highlight areas of focus from a growth perspective 
other than international and mobile which was just referenced? Thanks a lot. 

<A - Greg Blatt>: Sure. I think the international story is a little complex. We obviously own a significant stake in 
Meetic where we sort of have our European business. We joined with Meetic in a joint venture that we control in Latin 
America and we think Latin America is a big area of potential growth for us. I think it's obviously a huge market, 
Brazil in particular, a growing economy. Yeah, the space is dramatically underpenetrated as against sort of other 
comparable markets. 


And we're also in Japan, we're in Australia, we're in Canada. We're working all of those businesses to grow. And I 
think that each one has its own prospects. Obviously, the bigger the market, the bigger the potential, and we're sort of 
focusing our resources accordingly. 

On other areas of growth, I will tell you that this space in the United States is still dramatically underpenetrated. And 
we invest I think more than anybody else in product development, product iteration, etcetera, and that's really starting 
to come through. Our conversions keep growing. People are more and more satisfied with the product. And I think as 
success builds on success and there is a viral effect of it of sort of everybody knows somebody now who's met on 
Match and everyone's got a story and I think the growth will happen both ideally through share but also through I think 
leading category expansion which is very much our focus. 

Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Well, thank you. Hopefully, you all have a nice balance of summer and we will see you – talk to you, not see you, 
hopefully. But we will talk to you again in three months. And, therefore, we're finished. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


