Q4 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Mark Mahaney 
• Ross Sandler 
• Jeetil Patel 
• Ingrid Chung 
• Brian Fitzgerald 
• Jason Helfstein 
• Aaron Kessler 
• Ronald Josey 
• Justin Post 
• Kerry Rice 
• John Blackledge 
• Jim Friedland 
• Jeff Rath 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Shaun , and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome 
everyone to the IAC Fourth Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any 
background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] 
Thank you. 

Mr. McInerney, you may begin your conference. 

Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, operator, and everyone for joining us this morning for our Q4 2009 earnings call. Barry will make some 
brief remarks, after which I'll come back to quickly highlight some issues. 

But first, I will remind you that during this call we may discuss our outlook for future performance. These 
forward-looking statements typically are preceded by words such as 'we expect, we believe, we anticipate' or similar 
statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, and our actual results could differ 
materially from the views expressed today. Some of these risks have been set forth in our Q4 2009 press release and 
our periodic reports filed with the SEC. 

We will also discuss certain non-GAAP measures. I refer you to our press release in the Investor Relations section of 
our website for all comparable GAAP measures and full reconciliations. 


With that, I'll turn it over to Barry. 

Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Tom. Brief is almost completely brief. I really think the best part of these calls is the Q&A, and I think 
we're going to get to it as quickly as we can. I know you have a couple of remarks. The only thing I would say is that 
given the overall difficulties of '09, everybody knows so well, the Company performed well. 

Just really two significant facts. One is that since the spin, which now is -


Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

... about 17 months. 

Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Yeah, year and a half, we've purchased 25% of the stock of the Company, and we've, certainly I think, made good on 
our stated commitment to repatriate capital to our shareholders. 

Second thing is that in this last year we generated about $200 million of cash flow, and anticipate that we'll be a good 
strong cash performer this year. And we spent about 100 million in acquisitions. And those acquisitions -- by definition 
there were seven or eight of them, and they were from very small to at most, obviously, very small medium-sized. And 
all as supplements to our current businesses, which is what we've also said that we would do -- is want to invest in our 
businesses, in add-ons and other things. 

So, I think those are the, to me, the significant top-line facts. 

And with that, I'll turn it back to Tom, and then we'll to get to Q&A quickly. Thank you. 

Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Yeah, I just wanted to spend a moment on a couple of supplemental information points as it relates to Q4 as well as 
going forward. In Search, we obviously took the large non-cash charge called out in the release. The accounting rules 
require us to do an annual assessment of the carrying values of our businesses, and we do that in the fourth quarter each 
year. While our Search business has actually stabilized and improved in Q4, when we undertook the accounting 
exercise this year we lowered our long-term growth expectations for the business. And when you run this through the 
models, it results in a lower value for the business than previously. This has zero cash impact, and I'll remind you all 
that even in the most challenging of conditions in 2009, the business generated in excess of 100 million in pre-tax free 
cash flow. Early Q1 results in Search feel directionally similar to Q4, although we do have an easier bottom-line comp 
with significant marketing spend in the year ago period. 

Turning to ServiceMagic for a second, it had solid Q4 as it continues to weather the home services environment. But I 
wanted to dissect the results a bit. The reported OIBA [Operating Income Before Amortization] decline reflects modest 
investment in building a European business. Two, stepped-up marketing expense, including a continuing trial of TV 
advertising to build the brand. Three, investments in ServiceMagic's Market Hardware business, which provides 
website design services for customers and will bring the next-generation of home service professionals online. And 
four, investments in sales and other resources to expand ServiceMagic into categories other than home services, such as 
catering and event planning. 

Within the broader bucket of stepped-up marketing expense, increased SEM marketing costs due to macro and other 
factors have pressured margins to a degree. But other than that, the other investment items I mentioned are decidedly 


elective and with an eye to building a much bigger and broader business. Without these elective investments, core 
profits would be up at substantial double-digit rates. 

We believe ServiceMagic is without peer in terms of driving high quality, pre-screened leads to local service providers, 
now in multiple verticals, and we want to give this business the investment to maximize long-term potential. 

And finally to Media & Other, Q4 OIBA losses were significantly mitigated by seasonal strength in our profitable 
businesses – including Pronto, Evite, Gifts and Shoebuy – as well as the fact that we're still just getting started in 
Media. So we'll happily take the quarterly results. But at least for Q1, we expect to be back closer to the Q3 run rate in 
terms of OIBA and then we'll update you further as we go from there. Although generally speaking, we still expect 
aggregate investment levels to be consistent with what we laid out last quarter. 

With that operator, let's get to questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney from Citi. Your line is open. 

<Q - Mark Mahaney>: Could you provide -- two questions please -- a little bit more detail on the lowering of the 
long-term growth expectations for the Search segment? Is that just a recognition of an increasingly competitive 
landscape? Is there something else you've seen there? And then just a brief question on the Match business. It seems 
like you had a bit of a slowdown in the year-over-year growth in subs on an organic basis. Is that one time-ish? Would 
you expect to get back to high single-digit growth in Match subs? What's a reasonable expectation? Thank you. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. Mark, I think there's no 
one single factor on the long-term growth rate. I think the things we look at is kind of a conventional list. We're going 
to look at industry, we do this annually as I said in my remarks. We do – we look at industry conditions. I think, 
depending on who you listen to and what you look at, I think it's probably fair to say that coming through '09 the 
generalized growth expectations for Search broadly are probably a bit lower than what they were overall. And then I 
think as we look at our product strategies and as we transition the focus to our Q&A product, we just -- we – when you 
start projecting out what that could be over many years, we think it has great applicability, very potentially attractive 
margin characteristics. But you get into the area of speculation as to at what rates it could grow and how fast and all of 
those other things. So we think the business is a growth business. It's just simply a lowering -- and I'm – can't get into 
too much detail on the specifics because we don't provide those forecasts or guidance. But we still expect growth. 
That's our aspiration. I think you see that in the Q4 results and my remarks. But it's going to be at a reduced rate than I 
think what we were -- previously hoped. And it's a forecast, like all forecasts are. 

On Match -- look, high single-digit sub growth is a aspirational level. I think we're quite happy with Match's Q4. We're 
quite happy with the year. It was good, it was a good solid single-digit sub growth, good solid revenue growth and 
expanding margins. And so we'll take that kind of year all day long. I think I've been saying now, I think it's 11 years 
with Match, that the growth comes in fits and starts. It's always a function of what marketing you have, what product 
improvements you're making, what distribution deals you're doing. It bounces around quarter-to-quarter. You can't 
track one quarter that's great and extrapolate it out. And if another quarter a little lower, you can't necessarily 
extrapolate that out. The fundamentals are solid, and we look forward to continued growth at whatever the level that is. 

<Q - Mark Mahaney>: Thank you, Tom. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 


Your next question comes from the line of Ross Sandler from RBC. Your line is open. 

<Q - Ross Sandler>: Thanks, guys. First, just a question on the Search business, and then a follow-up on the personals. 
So on the Search segment, can you talk about the environment right now for Mindspark? It looks like you had 35% 
growth rate in toolbars. Is that a sustainable growth rate? And can you talk about whether the growth's coming from 
new partner wins versus some existing partner growth? And then on the Citysearch side, you recently launched 
CityGrid. AOL's been talking about their Patch Media initiative. ReachLocal's going public in a few months. It feels 
like this year could be the year for local. Can you talk about where you are on the Citysearch product roadmap? Is there 
a lot more that needs to be done beyond this recent CityGrid launch? 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well on CityGrid, there's a lot more to be done. We are 
really at the very beginning of building this network. We're certainly making progress on it, but it's going to be the 
long-term build. If we're successful, we will have something that will be very sustainable and pretty hard to invade. 
Meaning that it will have pretty good barriers, once these network effects happen, which we would say will happen in 
probably a year or two. You want to follow-up, Tom? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, I just – it's -- the nice 
thing now is the announcement comes at the culmination of a lot work. And so we are now in business fully on a daily 
basis in CityGrid. We have -- nearing 100 publishers live. And in some ways the count is becoming silly, because we 
have dozens more signing up all of the time, many of which are quite small. And they got to get plugged in and all that 
stuff. But the publishing side is growing. And our relationship with resellers, third parties who have advertising 
relationships to supplement our own sales force, are growing. We just launched live our second large IYT. So both 
sides of what makes a network, the advertising side and the publishing side, are starting to scale. I think as Barry said, 
it'll be a year or two before you really start to see in numbers that affect the results. But we're seeing the progress each 
and every day, and we'll share that with you as we go. But we're encouraged. 

On the toolbar business, the answer is we got growth from a number of places. We launched some new products. As 
you know, we have proprietary intellectual content. So for example, MyWebFace is one of our intellectual properties 
that helps drive toolbars that was new this quarter, was not in the prior period. That was particularly successful. And 
then, a lot of success in working with third-party distribution partners. The answer to your question is both. It was 
growth with existing partners and new partners coming online, and it's a big business, as you see from the metrics. 

I would never say -- or at least, in this business or probably any business, that the 35% growth rate is sustainable. It'll 
come again in chunks. But I'd say the fundamentals are very solid. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Next question. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jeetil Patel from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. 

<Q - Jeetil Patel>: Great. Thanks. Two questions. One, if you look at the Search business as always the push and take 
of -- taking up coverage, taking down coverage to drive queries and monetization, what have you. As you look out over 
the next several years, is there a target rate of just OIBA growth that you look at in the business, and kind of reverse 
engineer to look at what the right user experience, right monetization should be to try to target profit growth rate as -in 
that Search business? 

And second, as you look out over the next couple of years -- obviously, display advertising is starting to show some 
signs of momentum again. But curious as you look at your business lines, if we look back two years from now, what do 
you think is going to be the big surprise of how we maybe underestimated or thought about a business line that maybe 
is not getting the type of attention that you're focusing on today, that could be potential upside or interesting in two 
years time? 


<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: On the first one, Jeetil, the -we 
really don't think of it that way. I think the OIBA growth, given the nature of the business – obviously, the focus has 
been on, throughout '09 in a challenging environment and as well as some of the product changes we made that we've 
talked about ad nauseum, was getting back to a resumption of revenue growth. And we tend to be, within broad 
parameters, reasonably agnostic, whether that's coming from driving queries or driving click-through rates and driving 
RPQ and all of those things. Because we know given our multitude of search activities that you can drive queries that 
don't monetize, you can drive monetization without queries. And at the end of the day, what matters is revenue. And it 
sounds obvious, but – and so that's the focus. And I think as we get sustained revenue growth, then the OIBA margins 
and OIBA growth in excess of revenue growth should follow quite naturally. That's the history of the business. You can 
go back dozen of quarters and see that it works unfortunately the other way as well. And so that's really the focus. And 
it's through all of the activities, both toolbar, Ask proper, as well as some of the ancillary activity to try and get that 
sustained revenue growth. And Q4 was a start, and we'll see what the coming quarters bring. Do you want to crack at 
the second one, or would you like me to? 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I actually didn't understand it. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Two years from now -


<Q - Jeetil Patel>: A couple of years from now, which business line do you think is -


<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I don't have a clue. 

<Q - Jeetil Patel>: going to be perhaps the biggest surprise if we look forward two years and look back? Which 
segment would you say is maybe most under-appreciated as you look at the different entities you work with? 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Honestly, I -- you do it Paul. I can't do it. I don't know 
what's under -- I think that we're so generally, I think, under-appreciated -- and I don't mean it in some emotional sense. 
I just think that we're always discounted. Our businesses are selling for very little. And two years forward, I don't know 
whether -- I don't know what will happen. I think -- by the way, they have been performing year in and year out with 
pretty good growth, despite economic issues, the general economy, et cetera. So I'm -- I don't know. I've gone on a bit 
on it without saying much. So do you have anything -


<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: more concrete to say? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: It's always relative to what -and 
what people are assuming. I think the value of Match -- I could argue even if you look at the value of IAC overall, 
is under-appreciated. And I think in local, broadly defined with ServiceMagic and Citysearch, we are building brick by 
brick, as Barry would say, real enterprise value. And it's hard to predict growth rates and things like that. But when you 
look at our relationship with advertisers, the networks we're building, the brands we're building, there is real value 
there. And then I think the last thing is, just in the Q4 results with the -- notwithstanding my comments about going 
forward in the Media & Other segment, I think you see just in one quarter that we have some earning assets in there. 
And as we bring the earlier stage stuff to profitability, then -- that there'll be a number of assets, maybe none of which 
is huge, maybe some will be, but each of which could have value. 

Next question, please. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Ingrid Chung from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 

<Q - Ingrid Chung>: Oh, thanks. Good morning. So two main questions. The first question is, I was wondering if you 
could speak broadly about what you're thinking about your uses of cash? More specifically, you bought back roughly 
16 million shares in the last three months, and have 5.8 million shares left on your buyback. Would you think about 


increasing the buyback authorization? 

And then secondly, I was wondering if you could – Barry, I was wondering if you could clarify your comments 
regarding consolidating Ask.com? 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: The use of cash, we've -- as I say, I think we've been 
pretty consistent with what we said and what's happened. We still don't see an acquisition of size out there. And you 
should not be concerned or even have a point of view, so to speak, on the authorization. The authorization does not 
reflect what our abilities, intentions, et cetera are. We'll deal with it in due course. We're going to continue to follow the 
course we have in the past, which is not to talk about what we acquire until after we've acquired it, in terms of stock. 
And I think past is prologue. 

As far as consolidation, I had said, as you all know, that I had thought this area of Search would be consolidated over 
time or have certain – well, be consolidated. And I still feel that same way. But that led immediately to, we're selling 
Ask. I don't know what form that consolidation will take. And it's certainly possible that Ask will be part of another 
organization; larger, smaller, whatever over time. It's not predictable. But right now, Ask's not for sale. We're not 
selling it. We're not out there in any process, and I expect that will probably continue. 

<Q - Ingrid Chung>: Okay. All right, great. Thanks. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: You're welcome. Next question, please. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Brian Fitzgerald from UBS. Your line is open. 

<Q - Brian Fitzgerald>: Thanks. When looking at ServiceMagic, revenues were up 51%, you had 46% increase in the 
requests, and 21 in domestic providers. Can you give us a sense for how much International or Market Hardware 
provided there? Maybe it was timing related? And then maybe some color on ASPs or types of requests that you saw 
coming in, in the quarter? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, the – someone 


<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Operator, we seem to have a [inaudible] 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, you may have a – 
someone may have a BlackBerry near the mic. 

If I understand the question right, the domestic business on the top-line grew quite strongly. So I don't – International 
and Market Hardware were not significant contributors to that percentage growth. They were – we're dealing with – 
because ServiceMagic, a) is not the hugest business to begin with, and b) Q4 is – it's one of its seasonal low quarters. I 
call it the law of small numbers where a $500,000 investment or a $750,000 investment can really skew margins, when 
you're coming off a quarter a year ago, you made $2 million. In this quarter, it's 1.8 and a $0.5 million investment, 
which is quite modest obviously -- can really start skewing those results. So the International investment, Market 
Hardware, both were material contributors to OIBA growth below the revenue growth levels, but not to the revenue 
growth itself. And I'm sorry, could you repeat the second one? 

<Q - Brian Fitzgerald>: The second one was just on maybe ASPs, or the type of requests that were coming in and 
being responded to? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, the – it's off slightly 
year-over-year on a pricing basis, but the end of the day, some stabilization. So again, it's – Q4's funny because it's not 
a big seasonal quarter. But I think it's, I'd say, consistent with our Search businesses, display businesses, everything. Q4 
felt better in terms of if you look at pure mix and things like that, than Q3 and earlier in the year. 

<Q - Brian Fitzgerald>: Great. Thanks. 


<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jason Helfstein from Oppenheimer. Your line is open. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Thanks. A few ones, I'll try to make them short. So Barry, any update on the M&A 
environment? Are you seeing valuations coming down, or still the assets that you're being offered still seem expensive? 
Second question, it just – it seems that there is more attention being paid to the local side of the business, particularly 
Citysearch. We've all read about what's been written about Yelp. You guys were early pioneers. Any thoughts about 
breaking out more data or more statistics to highlight your leadership position in that? And then lastly, were you happy 
with the marketing efforts around Ask in the quarter? And do you think that was responsible for your share stability in 
December? Thanks. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: We didn't do any marketing for Ask in the quarter. But 
-

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well only – well online -


<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Online, but nothing significant. We're out of the offline 
marketing business for Ask, I think now and for the future that I could ever foresee, certainly in any material way. As it 
relates to assets and -- asset values of potential acquisitions, I have seen no change. I still think that the area's got too 
much froth in it, and particularly the private equity and the VC side of it. Those valuations I think make no sense. But -and 
I see no change to -- I see no particular sense come into it. There was 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: And I -


<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: something in the middle there, but I don't recall what it 
was. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I got that one. In terms of 
breaking out more information on local, yeah we will. I think we will. But CityGrid really started -- we just announced 
it, but was started operationally late last year. So it's in its formative stages. I think as this year progresses -- I don't 
know exactly when and how, but I think we will, as those metrics start to clarify and explain the business model further 
and all of that stuff that we think is important. And ServiceMagic, obviously already broken out as a segment, but I 
think we could probably do more there as well. So we agree directionally with that. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: So just -- maybe just to file back perhaps I stated a wrongset of marketing efforts, but you did 
make, I believe, some content investments in Ask in the quarter when you shifted from the NASCAR focus to some of 
your other focuses. Do you think that helped drive traffic in conversions? 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I must say I don't – are you – can you tell us what 
specifically you're referring to? 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Wasn't -- I recall in a past call, you guys talked about more of a focus on couponing and some 
of the other promotional aspects. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Oh no, no. What we did is we've been offering out over 
-- for fairly long period, different kind of vertical concepts. One was for deals in coupons, which was just a subset of 
Ask.com. By the way, it didn't generate much traction. We didn't have big expectations for it, either, to. But it was at its 
time a good consumer offering for the Ask consumers, and I think it's still a subset or a feature of Ask. But nothing that 
we marketed, so to speak. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Okay. Thank you. 


<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Next question, please. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Aaron Kessler from Kaufman. Your line is open. 

<Q - Aaron Kessler>: Great. Thanks. On the Media category, you gave a little color on, just in terms of the OIBA loss 
for Q1. Do you have a sense or maybe a rough estimate for the year, just maybe similar to Q3 and then come down 
from there? And also just – I've noticed more just Zwinky or the Fun Web Products as on YouTube recently. What type 
of returns are you seeing from this type of advertising thus far? Thanks. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I'm sorry. Can you repeat the 
first one, Aaron, the -- you said referring to Meetic? 

<Q - Aaron Kessler>: Yeah, sorry on the Media side, or the Emerging Businesses. I think you gave some color on the 
loss for the year, just -


<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Oh sorry, Aaron, I misheard 
you. Yeah, I think if you go back to Q3, we said that we thought that the then current run rate, which I think was eight 
million-ish in Q3 of last year, was a reasonable approximation for where we'd be this year. And it could be a little 
better, it could be a little worse depending on how things flesh out. But I think that's probably the best directional 
guidance we can give at this point. 

<Q - Aaron Kessler>: Okay. And then just on the Fun Web Products, you're doing some more advertising in 
YouTube. Just interested in the return -


<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, that business is a very 
heavy – the toolbar business generally, a very heavy spender of online media, primarily its CPA, cost per acquisition. 
So it's all performance spend, and we spend several million dollars a month in that business. And it's one of our, to use 
a cliché, core competencies. It's one of things that make us very good at that business, and the foundation's from it, as 
well the product side. So in general we think our online media performed well in Q4. I think that's part of the 
underlying driver of those consolidated results, as well as in Q1. And we're always looking for ways – YouTube's an 
example. I'm not going to comment specifically on the performance of that one. But we're always looking for ways to 
increase that spend because it is a – it is the primary way, although viral's also important, we acquire new toolbar 
customers. 

<Q - Aaron Kessler>: Great. And just any outlook in terms of how Q1 Search is performing, in terms of maybe 
queries or RPQ thus far? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, I think I've said in my 
remarks, and I'll just stick to directionally similar to Q4 in terms of the volume pricing drivers. We're always in a 
multitude of different types of Search activities, and so lots of things are moving in different directions. But if I wrap it 
up -- and we do have on the bottom-line an easier comp because of heavy TV spend at Ask in Q1 a year ago. But 
top-line, directionally similar. 

<Q - Aaron Kessler>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Next question. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth with Barclays Capital. Your line is open. 


<Q - Ronald Josey>: Great, thanks. This is actually Ron Josey calling in for Doug. And thanks for taking our question. 
First question is on Ask. Real quick, you mentioned there was some strength. Well we know there was strength in 
toolbars this past quarter from, and it was mentioned early, on new and existing deals. I wonder if you could provide 
some sense on the competition for these new distribution deals? And is there any additional insight on IAC's 
relationship with Google as the search market becomes more competitive? 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Our relationship with Google, we have a 2.5 years left 
to go on our arrangements with Google, and I can't predict what will happen in 2.5 years. 

<Q - Ronald Josey>: Okay. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: But I would expect that we are in a better position now 
competitively than we were when we made the Google deal, in that there is definitely another player that is certainly 
wanting to compete in as serious way as you can, and putting really quite large sums behind it of investment. But I 
don't think there's anything really to say about it now that will affect that negotiation in a couple of years from now. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: And I think your other 
question was on competition in that space. And look, toolbars are a -- first of all, it's a broad term. A toolbar's a toolbar, 
but there's lots of ways you get consumers to adopt them; from just going to your website and wanting an Ask toolbar, 
to the CPA marketing I referred to before, to creating products, and to working with big distribution partners, software 
companies and the like who are downloading software. And we do all of those activities. We compete with lots of 
different people, not just the big search providers, the Googles, Microsofts, et cetera who are desirous of toolbars as 
well. But there's lots of other smaller companies that do various things to try and get toolbar traffic. So it's broadly 
competitive, but we think in the core areas: working with distribution partners, creating intellectual property, CPA 
marketing and by virtue of our scale and our ability to monetize. When you stack all that together, we think we would 
have a very competitive toolkit, and we fight every day. But the results have generally been pretty good, and we feel 
pretty good about it going forward. 

<Q - Ronald Josey>: Great. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Next question, please. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Justin Post with Bank of America. Your line is open. 

<Q - Justin Post>: Thank you. Just wondering if you could give us an outlook for normalized cash flow? If you can't 
give us forward, maybe go back through 2009 and pull out some of the drivers that were abnormal, and just what the 
normalized level was for 2009? Thank you. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: The cash flow characteristics 
of the business are very good because we tend to be net zero, as you pointed out, rightfully so. Quarter-to-quarter and 
even year-to-year, it can jump around a lot. But we tend to be net zero on working capital, and right now we are 
spending less in CapEx than we're depreciating into the OIBA line. So when you put both of those together, even with a 
normalized tax rate, I think -- the best way to think about normalized cash flow is in the short-term, the near-term -- it 
will approximate, or approach may be a better word, whatever particular OIBA number you're forecasting. So I'm not 
going to forecast that for the year, but we should be able to translate a lot of that OIBA into an after-tax -- OIBA being 
pre-tax, obviously -- into an after-tax free cash flow number. Longer term, when that CapEx depreciation thing turns 
around, then you're going to probably have more leakage on that OIBA figure. But we'll see what happens as time goes. 
But the fundamental -


<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: CapEx is never going to be a particularly -



<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No, but the depreciation level 
comes down from it. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So the – anyway, but the 
fundamentals of cash flow generation remain pretty positive. 

<Q - Justin Post>: Great. And do cash taxes approximate book taxes at this point? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: They've been better, lower 
than book taxes, just as you figure out various tax planning techniques, and we have certain attributes we're carrying 
forward that you can see on the balance sheet. So I expect them to be the same as, or slightly lower than book taxes. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Next question. 

<Q - Justin Post>: Okay, thank you. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Kerry Rice with Wedbush Securities. Your line is open. 

<Q - Kerry Rice>: Thanks a lot. Thinking about Search for 2010, there was obviously a lot of macro events affecting 
the 2009 Search. In the back half of the year, we did see advertising start to improve. Can you talk a little bit about 
what you think will be the key drivers in 2010 for Search? Is it more distribution? Is it core? Is it the CityGrid and the 
local? Or is it just a continued improvement across the board? 

And then my second question is, can you talk a little bit about your recent investment in Latin America with Meetic, 
and where you think that's headed longer term? What the opportunities are there? Thank you. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. I think – look, it's going 
to be a lot of the same factors we've already discussed. But in Search, it comes down to product, whether you're talking 
about core product on Ask.com or you're talking about the toolbar products that we create. In -- on Ask.com, obviously 
the big focus we've talked about that we'll see unveil in Q2 and beyond is the Q&A product, where we aim to be the 
authority for answering questions on the web. And so we'll talk more about that as we go, and you'll start to see more of 
that in Q2 and beyond. But that's going to define and shape Ask's product offerings. 

On the toolbar side, we think we can do a better job of creating intellectual property. So the Zwinky example, the 
MyWebFace example, we have lots of stuff in the pipeline. But it's -- that's an active creation. Some work, and some 
don't. So the proof will be in the pudding. 

And distribution. We manage big distribution pipeline. And you win some, and you lose some. So it's -- all of those 
will be factors, and as well as, obviously, the macro environment for just queries generally and CPC. So that's in the 
Search businesses. 

And I thing CityGrid, we've talked about. We – that will build over the course of the year. I don't think it's going to be a 
material financial mover in to that segment this year. But I think as we -- as the year progresses, we'll have more to say, 
and I think it can be longer term. 

<Q - Kerry Rice>: And the investment with Meetic for Latin America? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. Sorry. Yeah, basically 
we're combing businesses with Meetic. We will control it. There's a very de minimis small cash payment involved. But 
basically, it's a merger, our Latin American business and theirs. Both of us were subscale. And we will operate this, and 
they'll be a partner. And it's – there's tons of opportunity. It's off of a very small base, and so we'll see. It's pure upside. 


<Q - Kerry Rice>: All right. Great. I don't know if I can have one quick follow up for that. You have the Question of 
the Day that you recently launched. Can you talk about if you've seen any positive impact from that recently? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah – look, people like it. 
And so it's getting good interaction, and we're starting to get data. But it's premature to draw from where you say -- the 
thing you're always looking for is what it does for retention and things like that. So it's our belief that that, plus 99 other 
things that will come, are taking Ask back to that core legacy brand. Ask still means questions and answers to a lot of 
people. That's obvious in the name. It's also obvious in the research. We over-index on questions. And so there's some 
kernels of success there, but nothing that I'd say 'so there, this proves the strategy right'. I think you'll see that as we 
unveil those other 99, I'm speaking euphemistically, obviously, features in Q2 and beyond to cement that positioning. 

<Q - Kerry Rice>: Okay. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of John Blackledge from Credit Suisse. Your line is open. 

<Q - John Blackledge>: Thanks for taking the questions. So two questions. My first one is how do we judge the 
progress in the Media & Other segment? Is it something where – hear stuff in the second half of 2010, 2011? Are you 
guys going to be able to provide color in terms of targets for Daily Beast, et cetera, the drivers of that segment? And 
then secondly, if you could talk about interest in Yahoo! Personals, with Yahoo! recently selling HotJobs to Monster – 
if there's any renewed talks there? Thanks. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: On, yeah – on Media & Other, I – the truth is that 
there's no way you can at this very early stage of our investments, that you can make any predictions other than that 
there's activity and there's progress. There are all sorts of initiatives. There's all sorts of things that are going on to 
develop those businesses. But there's nothing that you would be able to talk about in terms of saying, well, this is – this 
milestone will happen at this point in time. They're just too, too early. What's obviously clear is that in that segment, 
there are investments. But they are offset by the positive results, earnings results of businesses we invested in previous 
years that are now coming through and producing good returns, good enough returns to reduce, so to speak, our 
investment to what we think is a very reasonable level. We, as Tom said, I think kind of projecting that we will 
continue with, about, what did you say, eight million or so? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Eight, no, eight million-ish 
per quarter. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Per quarter, and that's a good estimate. It was -- there's 
not – you can't absolutely count on it because we might make further investment. It's possible. And it's also possible 
that certain things won't happen, and the investment figure will be less. But it's not really yet trackable. I don't think 
you can look until at certainly the earliest '11, '12 to get these very, very young businesses -- I mean Daily Beast has 
been in existence for all of 15 months. It's had a remarkable introduction in terms of the amount of people who look at 
it and who seem to like it. And our Electus partnership is also -- it is a few months old, as are investments in some other 
areas that we've talked occasionally about. So they're just too young. 

<Q - John Blackledge>: And – thank you. And then just on the Yahoo! Personal? 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: For Yahoo! Personals, we can't -- we don't comment 
on, obviously, on anything that we are -- that either in the throes of talking about or not talking about. Because we don't 
want to comment on them to either hurt or help. And so we have nothing to say about Yahoo! Personals right now. 

<Q - John Blackledge>: Okay. Thank you. 


<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: You're welcome. Next question. 

Operator 

Your next comes from the line of Jim Friedland from Cowen & Company. Your line is open. 

<Q - Jim Friedland>: Thanks. First on corporate overhead. It came down a lot after you guys did the spin. Is there a 
potential for bringing it down further this year, or should it be higher, same, lower? And then -


<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: It'll be lower. 

<Q - Jim Friedland>: Second -- sorry? 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: It'll be lower. 

<Q - Jim Friedland>: And what are the drivers on the lower side, what's coming out? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: It's just continued 
rationalization of some of the infrastructure. We had a big infrastructure to support a much bigger company. And as 
we've moved past -- the world changed with the spins, and we've been driving a lot of that out. And some of it just 
takes some time. Because if you're talking about shared services and things like that, it just -- it takes a bit of time to 
execute. So we do expect it to come down in 2010. 

<Q - Jim Friedland>: Okay, great. And on ServiceMagic, you guys have talked about a ramp in the marketing spend 
for all the reasons you've outlined on the call. It wasn't, as far as I can tell, just this quarter you've been doing in. So as 
we head into 2010 should we see more leverage in the -- in ServiceMagic in terms of EBITDA growth, since you'll be 
anniversarying that lift? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I don't -- not necessarily. 
ServiceMagic is still at the stage where we're adding, I don't have the exact figure, but 100, 200 salespeople, signing up 
service professionals now, not only in home services, but also in those other categories. And you can go on the site, and 
you can get a feel for it. Obviously, building in Europe, and at the early stages of trying to build a brand. So we are -we 
want to drive absolute dollar profit growth. But we are not, given the opportunity in the business, we're not sitting 
and saying right now, percentage margin is what matters. We want to build the customer relationships, the verticals, the 
know-how, the geographies; build the business in every way, being prudent with that cost. And as I said, looking for 
growth. But to fixate on the percentage margin for a business at this stage is not what we're -- the way we're running it 
this year. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Let's do one last question, please. 

Operator 

Your last question comes from the line of Jeff Rath with Canaccord. Your line is open. 

<Q - Jeff Rath>: Great. Thanks. Just a question with regards to the share buyback. You've purchased a little over 11 
million shares in Q4. And I'm wondering if you can share with us, did anything change to drive an increased appetite in 
the fourth quarter versus earlier in the year to, I don't know, accelerate your appetite to buy stock back in the fourth 
quarter? And I have one follow-up. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: No. 

<Q - Jeff Rath>: So just opportunistic then? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well -- I was just going to 
remind everyone listing that in Q3 we said we were in discussions which precluded us buying. 


<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So if you look at Q2, we 
bought heavily. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Right. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: In Q3, we couldn't buy at all. 
And in Q4, we did. And that's not a comment on what's going to happen in the future. I'm just explaining -


<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, but there was no – yeah, that's true Tom, that's 
definitely true. But there was nothing in the fourth quarter as such that you're – I think that your question really goes to 

<Q - Jeff Rath>: Okay. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: ...that motivated us, plus or minus. 

<Q - Jeff Rath>: And my follow-up, Barry, if I could ask it to you, it's more of a high level question. You made a 
comment, and I think it's obvious to some, your stock continues to trade at a heavy discount to some of the natural peer 
group there on a measure of cash flow or EBITDA or anything of that nature. And I was wondering from your 
perspective, Barry, what do you attribute that discount to? 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well I think it's a discount to principally, at least what 
I've been told, is it's a discount to peers of what we are going to do with our cash. And so I think – I'm not -- I don't 
know whether -- there's certainly, all of you pay attention to our businesses and report, analyze our businesses. But I 
think the sentiment is that until this cash is one way or the other dealt with, there's going to be a big discount to the 
Company. I think that, and probably the fact that we've got a lot that is cooking, so to speak, to some degree behind the 
scenes. Meaning the efforts that we're making to build the Citysearch network, CityGrid network, and some of the other 
things that we're doing. And I think that there's always skepticism towards that, which is natural, and over time will 
either be dissipated by results or not. That's about -


<Q - Jeff Rath>: Thank you very much. 

Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

That's the information I can give you for it. But other than that, we thank you for participating, and we will talk with 
you next quarter. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


