Q2 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Ross Sandler 
• Jennifer Watson 
• Jeetil Patel 
• Mark Mahaney 
• Jim Friedland 
• Colin Gillis 
• John Blackledge 
• Jason Helfstein 
• Alan Gould 
• Bridget Weishaar 
• Jeffrey Lindsay 
• Scott Kessler 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Kristen, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the IAC Q2 2009 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background 
noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] 

Thank you. Mr. McInerney, you may begin the conference. 

Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, operator and everyone for joining us this morning for our second quarter 2009 earnings call. Barry will 
make some brief remarks, after which I will come back to quickly highlight some issues. 

But first I will remind you that during this call we may discuss our outlook for future performance. These 
forward-looking statements typically are preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate, or similar 
statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, and our actual results could differ 
materially from the views expressed today. Some of these risks have been set forth in our Q2 2009 press release and 
our periodic reports filed with the SEC. We'll also discuss certain non-GAAP measures. And I refer you to our press 
release and the Investor Relations section of our website for all comparable GAAP measures and full reconciliations. 

With that, I'll turn it over to Barry. 

Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 


Thanks Tom. Good morning to all. It's almost a year since the spin-off and I think we're beginning to hit some 
operational stride. Since that spin-off, we've – just in terms of just top count items, we've sold our stake in Jupiter Shop, 
we've contributed Match Europe to Meetic. We sold or closed five Emerging Businesses and we'll probably do some 
more in the next few months. We spent about $100 million, or a little over actually, $100 million in acquisitions and we 
spent $300 million on share repurchases, as well as generating $85 million of cash flow so far. 

So we've been now hitting it on a good many of our initiatives and I think we've accomplished a lot in this last year 
setting up the three principal areas of our activities in ways that I think that they can continue to be competitive. I'm not 
going to go into any more detail at this point, because I think the purpose of these calls is really to get your questions 
and get to your questions as quickly as we can. 

So with that, Tom, why don't you do the – a bit of an overview which you're going to do, I guess. And then we'll go 
quickly to questions. 

Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, yeah, I just have a couple quick things. I'm not going to reiterate the results that are in the release which are 
clearly laid out. But I just wanted to give you some supplemental information as it relates to the quarter just ended as 
well as going forward. 

In the Media and Advertising segment the reported revenue decline, although better than Q1 trends reflects continuing 
weakness in cost-per-click rates due to the economy as well as the product changes we made to Ask.com on October 1 
of last year that have caused users to click on sponsored listings at a reduced rate. 

Query trends were sequentially better than in Q1, particularly in our toolbar businesses where continuing product 
innovation and good distribution relationships are paying off. On the profit side as was the case in Q1, revenue declines 
flowed through to OIBA as we generally sustained investment levels, including marketing expenditures in the business. 

Broadly speaking, we continue to see much of the same in July in this segment, albeit with reduced Ask.com marketing 
expense. And we expect to see moderately improved profits sequentially in Q3 versus Q2. We'll do our best to answer 
any further metric-based questions in Q&A, which traditionally has been a better forum for that. 

Turning to personals. Match exhibited strong revenue, profit and subscriber growth during the quarter, excluding the 
European business which we sold to Meetic in June. And by the way our stake in Meetic is currently worth 
approximately $200 million. And the domestic business is currently strong. Q3 results will include a number of 
anomalies, which will belie this strength so let me go through them. First, we'll be without Match Europe for the full 
quarter, but its results will remain in the year ago numbers and skew the comps. In Q3 2008, Match Europe contributed 
roughly 23 million of revenue, and 4 million of OIBA. 

Second, the acquired People Media revenue will be in the numbers starting in Q3, but because of purchase accounting 
rules which require eliminating deferred revenue on the books at the time of the deal, we'll see little revenue and no 
profit from the business in the quarter. This is a pure accounting effect and will largely be eliminated by Q4. 

Third, Q3 will have more marketing expense this year at Match than last just due to various tactical decisions made. 
This is not a change in long-term trend, as we saw marketing expense relative to revenue down in the first half. So this 
is just a particular quarterly effect. And I'll remind you we've seen this type of thing plenty of times where earnings 
slide to one quarter or the other in this business through the last decade. 

We expect the net of these three factors to be a decline in reported sequential and year-over-year OIBA in Q3 in this 
business with margins still very strong, in the upper 20% region. But again this is not fundamentals, fundamentals are 
strong. 

ServiceMagic had a solid second quarter in light of the environment and while profits declined year-over-year, the 
decline was a fraction of Q1's decline and trends exiting the quarter suggest continued sequential momentum. Key 
metrics on both the consumer and service provider side remain solid in this business as does ServiceMagic's 


competitive position and long-term opportunity. 

Finally to capitalization. The press release has the share repurchase data since our last earnings report as well as the 
current share counts. I won't repeat all of that. But given the acquisition of People Media and the significant repurchase 
activity since the June 30 balance sheet, which is included in the release, I just wanted to give you our current cash 
position, which is slightly above $1.6 billion. 

With that, operator why don't we get to questions? 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ross Sandler from RBC Capital Markets. Your line 
is now open. 

<Q - Ross Sandler>: Thanks. First off, just congratulations guys for negotiating a well-timed search deal under better 
terms than someone four or five times your market share at the beginning of the year. But on to questions, you stated in 
the release that proprietary queries are flattening out at Ask and Fun Web and that's up slightly from the decline I guess 
that you saw last quarter. So what's driving that trend in particular? 

And then a follow up – a second question on Match. The performance of Match has been outstanding. Can you talk 
about where you think margins could go longer term at Match and then some of the things that you're doing to continue 
to drive the acceleration in sub growth? That's it. Thanks. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Okay. Why don't I start off 
and Barry can add in. Just in terms of the query trends, they were better in Q1 – I'm sorry, in Q2 than Q1. And it's 
really a confluence of a bunch of different factors. In the Ask.com business, certainly the NASCAR relationship and all 
of the product improvements that were done there targeting that vertical segment with the marketing was we think part 
of that. 

A series of other product changes we think helped that. In our toolbar businesses, an expansion of distribution 
relationships, product innovation in our proprietary toolbar businesses all contributed as well as just improvements to 
kind of core search functionality. So our search businesses we said kind of I think repeatedly in these calls is very 
broad-based and it spans a number of brands, a number of properties, a number of different distribution channels. And 
those were some of the drivers that led to the performance. 

On Match.com, I think your question was just what's driving the strength of that, is it sustainable, et cetera? This is a 
business that we just, I think hit the 10-year anniversary of owning this business, we bought it at 6 million of revenue 
and I think it was breakeven at the time. And we've said, I've been saying the same thing for many years, which is this 
category is still after all this time and all of this progress, still quite underpenetrated. There is 80 million plus, probably 
approaching 100 million people just in the U.S. alone who are in the target market and the category penetration is well, 
well less than half of that across the board. And because of our particular position as the leader, it's not so much always 
a share game as it is driving that category growth. And it tends to come in fits and starts, but we think that opportunity 
is there. 

So we made a number of initiatives in the marketing area, across all the various distribution channels. A number of 
products initiatives and in this particular quarter, we got very good growth. And we think the fundamentals there are 
very sound. I think as we said before, we don't manage the business on a kind of a straight percentage margin business. 
We don't have a margin objective. Our objective is OIBA growth over multiple years, and free cash flow growth over 
multiple years. 

It is a business that has natural margin opportunities, and I think you see that, it was 23% in '07, 25% in '08, trending 
good this year. And I think if we do the right things on the marketing side and the product side drive that category and 


drive share, there will be margin opportunities. But it's not a strategy and because of some of the things I mentioned in 
my scripted remarks, Q2 was particularly aberrational on the margin side, just due to some timing issues. 

<Q - Ross Sandler>: And on the margin question is any impact – I know you're not going to see much in 3Q, but 
People Media, once that's rolled in will that be additive to the overall margin of Match? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: That's – it depends on specific 
plans we make which we're working through. But it is a good margin business. And it's probably slightly higher than 
the Match European business. I mean, if you think about it we kind of swapped, not strategically thinking of it this way, 
just as kind of an after the fact, financially swapped out the Match European business for this business. And this has 
good margins. So it certainly won't hurt and whether it helps I think will be a function of what we – the decisions we 
make as part of the planning process going into next year in terms of driving that business, which we think has a lot of 
potential long-term which is obviously why we bought it. 

<Q - Ross Sandler>: Great. Thanks, guys. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Next question, please? 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jennifer Watson from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Jennifer Watson>: Great, thank you. I was wondering actually if you could talk a little bit more about the 
recently announced deal with Ben Silverman, whether productions will be funded in full by advertisers, and if you 
think over time actually that users are going to pay for that content as opposed to seeing an advertising model. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. This is not – this proposed arrangement, we have 
not yet concluded it. It will probably take a month to put it together. But it is not seen as something where there will be 

– where the entity will deficit finance programming. The programming will either be paid for by advertisers and more 
than likely we are in the next several years, certainly in more than likely one revenue stream from advertisers that will 
be coming the way of productions. 
I do believe and I said over time that I think that programming content, particularly content that is not assembled by 
typing 140 characters and tweeting, but content that is made by professionals and that has expenditures next to it, other 
than again shooting the cat, doing God knows what to the grandmother. I think that, those – there will be a pay system 
that will develop over time for such programming. 

<Q - Jennifer Watson>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: You're welcome. Next question please. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jeetil Patel from Deutsche Bank Securities. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Jeetil Patel>: Great. Thank you. Two questions. I guess first of all, I guess in the vertical search space, I'm just 
curious are there still opportunities or interest out there to look at vertical search plays that really help you kind of dig 
deeper on a category-by-category, vertical basis? And second, it seems like you're starting to see some stability or 
maybe some improvement on the pure display ad side of the business online. Talking to different companies in the 
industry, I guess in light of these improving trends, is there any interest to try to build out that capacity even more so at 
IAC given that seems to be showing some signs to promise, especially given the weakness on the traditional media 
front? Thanks. 


<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I'll take the first part it. As far as verticals are concerned 
the answer is definitely yes. Ask is going to roll out coupons and deals which will take place, I think sometime next 
month. And we'll continue to roll out areas that we think that we can offer the consumer a much richer search 
experience than our competitors. 

It was somebody said today that we're now number three in search by virtue of the Microsoft/Yahoo! arrangement. And 
while that may not be saying very much, it certainly says there are not a huge number of players in search. Search is 
going to continue to evolve, it's going to continue to grow, it is going to continue to be the way that people find things. 
And people's general experience on the Internet is going to expand in search. 

And I think we can compete – not complete, head on against Google in a macro sense although our general search is as 
good as anybody's. But we will compete in different areas and we'll certainly – I mean different vertical areas where 
our rich content is going to provide a much better experience. And we'll also compete, because we over index for 
answers, meaning that people who ask questions, the genesis really of Ask, you ask a question, we are going to be able 
to give you a response and a response that is not just from – let's call it dry search. The one that is – got user generated 
responses, that has got community, that has got all sorts of other ways for you to get a much more nuanced and 
balanced answer to queries. And we think that's going to be a particular competitive thrust of ours that the competition, 
neither Microsoft Bing, nor Google are going to offer. 

I mean after all, if you look at Bing, which I think is definitely an improvement from the previous efforts of Microsoft, 
I mean a great deal of Bing is based upon the innovations of Ask. I've always said that I think our little band, smaller, 
definitely, band of scientists and technologists are capable of competing in terms of innovation. And I think the 
example of Bing is a good example of that. Anyway, I've riffed on a bit beyond that. Tom, do you want to take the 
second part of this? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, Jeetil, I think display is 
three to 4% of our revenue right now. And when you think about our opportunities in search advertising revenue 
broadly defined across all the things we do in local; ServiceMagic and Citysearch, local performance products and then 
obviously the subscription side at Match. We think we have real scale there. 

So on display we want to – it's an important revenue stream for a couple of our businesses, but it's small relative to 
overall IAC. We want to be good at it. It certainly has an important role, but we're not going to compete on any kind of 
scale basis given the scale of others and given we have so much for opportunity and runway in the other areas of online 
advertising. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think the one thing we will do is we will innovate in 
terms of how we do display, which we're going to do with our Daily Beast and you'll see more of that innovation. To be 
in just general banner display two by 300 boxes and the tonnage, tonnage of inventory that is – grows every day and 
further discounts the value of any given ad is not a particularly thrilling business to be involved in. 

<Q - Jeetil Patel>: Barry, just quick follow up to that. You talked about you were able to serve answers and content 
into Ask.com quite well. I guess what do you think of the concepts that are out there, like About.com or Demand 
Media, which are much more freelance kind of content being created. Is that an area that seems interesting in terms of 
incorporating into Ask as a vertical effort or an area that you...? 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Sorry. Yes, we are definitely going to do that, that's 
going to be part of the ask and answer system is going to be answers that are generated by community, as well as 
answers that come from all of the – all of just the prosaic search activities, definitely. It's part of the plot. 

Next question please? 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney from Citi. Your line is now open. 


<Q - Mark Mahaney>: Great. Thank you, very much. Barry, the – given your results in the share buyback, IACs stock 
should be up more than it is. It looks like there is obviously an overhanging share because of the Bing/Yahoo! deal. Do 
you want to just comment on that, do you think that Yahoo and Bing can have a material shift in terms of overall 
market share? Secondly could you just briefly talk about CPC trends in the quarter, and what you saw with CPC trends 
in July? And if I could get a quick third one in, ServiceMagic business seems to be doing very nicely. Anything in 
particular you'd call out there as the reason for the real nice outperformance in what should be a really cyclically 
depressed segment? Thank you 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Tom, why don't you start with the latter two and then 
I'll come in at the end on the questions relative to Bing. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. And we'll dub them in 
the backward order. In terms of ServiceMagic, it's one of these things obviously when the environment is difficult and 
consumer demand is down, that's not a good thing for the business. The flip side is to get consumer leads the service 
providers are paying customers. It's even more critical that they get consumer leads and they get them in the right place 
at the right time for the job. 

What ServiceMagic is excellent at, is that very complicated system of signing up a national network, 50 states across 
hundreds of types of jobs to match them up with consumers who want something very specific. It's a very specialized, 
very vertical approach generating high-quality leads. And so when you do that, you're – we're exposed to the 
environment for sure, and we've seen that certainly in the first couple of quarters of this year, but the secular forces are 
pretty darn strong. And they've done a whole variety of things to broaden out their marketing efforts, SEM, SEO, they 
have integrated distribution deals. 

They just announced a big distribution deal with Meredith for some of their website properties that are targeted at 
homeowners. We're testing some offline, which has been successful. And so as those marketing channels broaden out, 
as the service providers – we become more and more important to the service provider network, we're just able to fight 
through some of that and we still have a 1% share of the spend in those categories and the long-term opportunity is 
great. 

On CPC trends, we did not see much improvement on those in Q2, relative to Q1. I think, if you look at what Google 
reported for example, I think our data would suggest roughly comparable I think we may have been slightly better on a 
year-over-year basis. My figures showed down 8% across all of our properties. On a straight CPC basis again, our 
overall monetization is affected by some of those product improvement until we calendar those product changes at Ask 
in October. But it's kind of similar to Q1 and I'd say in July also similar, no discernible trend. We have some properties 
that are doing better, some that are doing worse and I'd say the general trend continues. So, not terrible, but not – no 
real uptick either. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Relative to Yahoo!/Microsoft, I think that one 
significant thing that has happened is we're not going to have to talk about whether or not it's going to happen anymore. 
Look, what happened? What happened is, is that Microsoft now will be able to report a greater share in terms of search 
and get at least in some minds of all of the talkers into at least being up there in competing terms with Google. And 
Yahoo! doesn't have to spend any more money on search. 

As far as their being able to executive such a complicated – very complicated where one party is doing the tech and the 
other party is doing the sales. That's a challenge for sure. I'm sure they'll figure it out. But look for us, I think that the 
significance is we want, need, must have business must have at least two competitive forces, big competitive forces and 
the reason for that for us obviously is that we have a very good relationship with Google and it's possible, this 
relationship will go on for 100 years. It's also possible that in the 3.5 years when it's up and by then I believe with that 
we will have more queries. I think we'll grow, which is certainly our plot and I think it's a rational, reasonable plot. And 
I want to have two players out there wanting to get our incremental business, which is of course of real value to these 
companies, particularly if it is a tipping scale in terms of greater competition for one or a switch to the other. 


So I think it's good for all parties. Good that the – best is that the will they, won't they is over. And it's clear now what 
Yahoo! is going to pursue, and it's very clear that Microsoft is going to continue to put investment, and put care and all 
sorts of other things into their search efforts. That's a good thing for us. And for the industry I think. 

<Q - Mark Mahaney>: Thank you, Barry. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Next question. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jim Friedland from Cowen and Co. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Jim Friedland>: Thanks. One question on Match and then one on the Emerging segment. The People Media 
business, I think had about 12 million in EBITDA and as we think of the growth, can you give us some color in terms 
of on a year-over-year basis, is that business growing faster than Match, roughly in line with it? And how should we 
think about how much incrementally that we can see added in EBITDA or just what we should think about EBITDA 
when we – doing our projections? 

And then on the Emerging space, you said that given – last quarter or the quarter before, just given the weak economy 
that it's unlikely that you would be able to halve the losses, which was the initial goal in that space. Based on what 
you're doing in terms of rationalization, and as you look out a little bit further in 2010 is that the goal, should we expect 
to see the losses go down there? Thanks. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: On Match, Jim, again, we'll 
work through the specific plans, but obviously it's a – got a good growth, that's why we bought it, we wouldn't have if it 
didn't. And I think it should not be detrimental to Match's growth. I think it should grow at least equal to it. It will 
depend, I mean Match has had pretty darn good growth over the last several years. So to the extent Match continues to 
do well, that's a high hurdle, but People Media has had a good wind at its back and has performed very well. So I think 
both assets will do well in absolute terms, and we're excited about that combination. We see lots of opportunity there. 

Your second question was on Emerging Businesses? 

<Q - Jim Friedland>: Yeah. On how we should be thinking about the losses there as you rationalize the portfolio? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. A couple of things. One 
is if you look at I think – if you look at the results, we were down a little bit sequentially, and we also had probably $4 
million of loss in the second quarter in either shutdown costs or operating costs for businesses we have exited or sold in 
that line. So that Q2 reflects some of that activity Barry referred to in his comments about rationalizing that down. 

So I think we will continue to see sequential progress over the course of this year. Obviously, we'll go through our 
planning process for next year and we'll figure out where we think the opportunities are and whether that continues to 
come down. But I think sequentially, which kind of focuses on the next six months. I think you'll continue to see that 
progress. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: And just a small follow-up which is that the activities 
are going to continue to be narrowed. The areas that we're in, we're – that we're deficiting or building. One is in the 
gaming area, which we think has tremendous potential and not great investment needs and the same is true for Daily 
Beast and which has certainly done far better in terms of establishing itself at such an early date than we had thought 
would happen. But whatever we do here is going – is not going to be wide and numerous. We are not going to make 
lots of bets in these areas. It's going to be controlled in other words. 

<Q - Jim Friedland>: Okay. Great thank you. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Next question. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Colin Gillis from Brigantine Advisors. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Colin Gillis>: Hey, good morning, everybody. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Good morning. 

<Q - Colin Gillis>: Can you just talk a little bit about how the low cost of media is impacting your strategy across each 
business segment; search, local and personals? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. We're not a – it's funny, 
because we're – A) we're not a huge buyer of display. Our biggest online buying is in straight CPA-type networks 
where you're paying for performance. And I think the types of people we compete against in those channels have not 
been the ones most affected by some of the things that are going on. So I'm not sure we've seen the pricing pressure 
there. 

Certainly, we buy a lot of search. We've seen pricing pressure there as we know. And we do buy a little bit of display. 
The prices in these kind of – well all of it's ultimately performance. And the prices in these performance channels 
ultimately reflect obviously what's going on on the other side of that click or that purchase of an eyeball and often the 
conversions are down. So what we're typically seeing, if you think about local for example. ServiceMagic is a good 
example, the CPCs may be down, but the conversion rates on the other side, getting someone to fill out their form and 
submit a service request, may also be down. 

And so you're not necessarily getting someone into your funnel of activity, net-net at a cheaper rate, because the 
conversion offsets the volume. I think the opportunity for us is that as we work with partners, distribution partners on 
more integrated distribution and value-added type distribution arrangements, then the bogey for them, they're more 
desperate for revenue. And so without getting into anyone specific and I'm not saying that's the case here, but if you – 
the ServiceMagic/Meredith arrangement that was just announced. That is a perfect situation where ServiceMagic can 
bring its great monetization machine to a party that presumably wants revenue coming off of that site and it's more 
difficult to get it from traditional channels now. 

Match has seen some of the same thing, where people are open and creative to working with us, because we have in all 
of our – when you think about Match, ServiceMagic, our other local businesses, Ask, the toolbars, we are very effective 
at monetization. We monetize traffic, assuming it's hand-in-glove type fit, contextually relevant and all. We can 
monetize that well. And so that's the opportunity as opposed to just a straight buy that automatically drops to the 
bottom line. 

<Q - Colin Gillis>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Next question? 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of John Blackledge from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open. 

<Q - John Blackledge>: Thank you. Just had a question on ServiceMagic. OpEx was up 36% year-over-year, just 
wondering what the drivers were? And could we expect that type of cost growth in the second half '09? And then 
secondly, with AOL being spun out by Time Warner in the fourth quarter, just wondering what, Barry, what your view 
would be on that business? And what Interactive would be interested in depending on what AOL does? Thank you. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. I'll take the first one. 
The OpEx, really the biggest thing is marketing. And given this is a business where you go out and market to all those 
distribution channels I've already talked about, and obviously they're getting good top line growth. The second place 
where we're spending is in growing the sales force. And that is what obviously leads to a higher active service provider 


network. I think we're now just under 60,000 active paying local subscribers. That's a huge asset. And as local 
advertisers continue to come online, that's in a sense a forever asset, and as some leave and some new ones come on, 
but that's what gives us so much confidence about the long-term opportunity. 

So beyond marketing and kind of sales and sales related expense, that there is a very kind of strict, hard ROI-type 
model on, OpEx growth is very low. There's also probably some international in there, because we're comping against a 
period that did not have the international businesses. So those are the three things, it's all good stuff, if you will. 

<Q - John Blackledge>: Great. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: On AOL, I have a lot of confidence in Tim Armstrong, 
I think he has come in there as a great whoosh of energy and real change I think for the first time, my God, in I don't 
know how long. It's probably the first time since the company became part of Time Warner. And so I have high 
expectations for what he's going to be able to do with certainly the content side of AOL and the strategies that I think 
he's laid out. 

As far as the relationship between the spun-off company or the company in its configurations for the future, we're 
talking with them about ideas about commercial relationships in both the local area and in search area. And we'll see 
what happens. There is no possibility of really speculating beyond the fact that it seems obvious that there are 
interesting relationships between what AOL does and what aspects of IAC does. So we'll just have to see. 

<Q - John Blackledge>: Thank you. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: You're welcome. Next question, please? 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jason Helfstein from Oppenheimer. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Hi, thanks. I'll ask some questions on the M&A side. Barry, can you provide an update on 
private company valuations? You were able to do People Media for an attractive valuation. Are you seeing similar 
opportunities in core verticals? And then separately and I probably know the answer to this, any progress with Yahoo! 
personals or would it be fair to say, Yahoo! management has been a bit distracted? Thanks. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, as far as valuations, no, I have not seen any real 
changes. There are situations that come up every once in a while where we can make an acquisition if it's attractive to 
us. But no, I don't see any – I certainly don't see any material change in the – I think again, generally unrealistic prices 
that come out of VCs or private partnerships or the like. What was your second question? 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Yahoo! personals? 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yahoo! personals. I think, look, they have been talking 
forever, I mean, I don't know, I think the conversations about Yahoo! personals go back forever, but they may go on 
forever. But certainly I think probably Yahoo! has been distracted, but there is nothing to say about it at this stage there 
may be nothing ever to say again, since we've been engaged in it for so long with them in terms of trying to align the 
interests. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: If I could ask just one follow-up on the financial front? 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: What happens when the Time Warner ad credits expire next year? Will you guys have to 
increase your cash marketing expenditures? 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: You mean the Universal? 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Yeah, Universal. 


<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: No, I don't think so at all. We always viewed these as 
an add-on elective and we never really thought of these as replacing our own hard coffin. We have been saying for 
some time that with very few exceptions, and they are really very few exceptions. We are not in the offline advertising 
business, and I don't really believe that we're going to get heavily into it. 

As Tom said earlier, I mean, our expenditures are in the on-line area, which is completely trackable. We are not – and 
there are great values to be gotten if you're going to be a big network or big video let's call it, whether it's cable or 
broadcast big spender or if you're going to be a big spender in print advertising neither of which we really are, nor do 
we contemplate being. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Thank you. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Next question please. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Alan Gould from Natixis. Your line is open. 

<Q - Alan Gould>: Thank you. Barry, I've got a question about the timing of your share buybacks. You have – in 
public forums you along with maybe Mr. Murdoch and Malone have been some of the most negative people I've heard 
talking about the economy. So I'm just wondering why you chose to start buying back stock now? 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I'm sorry. I'm multitasking as they say. Well, first of all 
I don't believe that what you should do, I don't think you can precisely time these things in terms of trying to – let's say 
out time the market in terms of purchases. We're a net purchaser of our stock when in fact we have excess cash that we 
don't have any other purpose for. And as you know, we certainly have an awful lot of that. 

I don't think that – I think that what we've done is buy the stock back attractively. And I think that's what we'll continue 
to do when and if we think that it's opportunistic do so. And I don't mean opportunistic about "the market", I mean, 
opportunistic about the stock price, our own, in relation to what we think the values really are. 

<Q - Alan Gould>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: You're welcome. Next question. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Imran Khan from JPMorgan. Your line is open. 

<Q - Bridget Weishaar>: Hi, this is Bridget Weishaar speaking for Imran. Quick question on Match.com, it looked 
like most of your revenue gains there were due to subscriber growth, can you just provide us a bit of detail on what 
you're seeing in terms of pricing power and consumer sensitivity to prices? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. We – in prior periods I 
think pricing was often a driver. I think we repeatedly cautioned that was not something we'd bank on longer term. It's 
kind of like the margin point. We'll take it when we can get it, we don't – we're not building our strategy and our 
business around it. And I think this quarter is a good example of that. 

We are constantly testing and optimizing pricing across markets nationally and across package mixes, one month, three 
month, six month, et cetera. So there is no one price, there is dozens of prices. It's a scientific, algorithmic constantly 
testing and adjusting thing. And in this particular quarter, obviously you can see, there was really no net pricing, there 
is no net softness, there was no net positive. Is that the economy or is it just that it caught up with us for awhile and 
there's a bit of a pause, and maybe in the future, there'll be some opportunity? Hard to say, because, again we're 
bubbling up the data all the time and we just make choices based on what we see. 


<Q - Bridget Weishaar>: Wonderful. Thanks. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: You're welcome. Next 
question, please? 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Lindsay from Sanford Bernstein. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Jeffrey Lindsay>: Thank you. Just a quick couple of questions on the Emerging Businesses. And first, I just 
wondered, with Pronto.com, are you seeing the same kind of impact that other shopping engines are seeing from the 
search engines, who are basically tending to sort of squeeze them harder, and drive down their opportunities, because 
they see them largely as kind of arbitrage, so if you could give us a sense of that. And then just a sense of the overall 
strategic objectives for the Emerging Businesses unit? What – how do you see it going? Is it just that these are 
businesses you're intending to manage down into a sort of decline or is it that you have a sort of future aspiration for 
this – it's going to provide an incubator going forward? Just give us a sense of which way that's going to go? Thank 
you. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Let me take the first part of it. It is not a unit. It's not an 
activity of ours "Emerging Business". We as I think you all know, I mean we felt for some time that we do not want to 
be in the multiple development business. Certainly if there is a great idea or there is an opportunity and we think that 
we can add something to it and make a go of it then we'll invest in it. But it's not like that's what we're doing every day. 
And if why, you have all seen that we have narrowed this down, we will continue to do so. And as I said we only have 
really a couple of activities really, probably two and a half that are going to – that we're going to continue with. So it's 
not a business line, nor should any of you think of it as a business line. Tom? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. On the first question, in 
terms of Pronto, I don't know if it so much is being squeezed. But it is certainly materially being impacted by macro 
conditions. So in terms of – we're still growing there, because the business, again is still at its very earliest stages, but 
certainly at a much reduced rate than what we saw before kind of current conditions set in and we're seeing much more 
significant CPC, net CPC impact, than the types of figures I mentioned before for most of our other broad-based search. 
So, shopping search is just not the place to be in this particular market. That said, we still like the business, it's got great 
technology, they do a great job. It's still profitable and we think it's a longer-term opportunity. But certainly, conditions 
are tough. 

<Q - Jeffrey Lindsay>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Next question? I think we'll do one or two more. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from line of Aaron Kessler from Kaufman. Your line is now open. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Aaron? Silence, why don't we go on? 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Scott Kessler from Standard & Poor's Equity. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Scott Kessler>: Thanks a lot. I had a quick question about what you guys see in terms of the opportunities for 
video. Barry, obviously, in the news over the last week is two announcements that you guys made, with respect to 
Emerging Businesses, but nonetheless what you guys have been doing in terms of positioning your portfolio over the 


last couple of years. It seems to be more obvious that you're focused increasingly on content and video content, and I 
was wondering how you expect to pursue those opportunities? Thanks a lot. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I think it's a – I mean it's – this is not something 
that's going to generate in the next, probably couple of years significant revenue. And I don't anticipate it generating 
significant expense either, certainly not anything that we would call material. The first part, which is out of Connected 
Ventures and CollegeHumor and the recent acquisition of a group of entrepreneurs who've just joined us is that as I 
think most people know we now produce about 10 videos a week, short form video. And we absolutely believe that 
that's going to morph itself over time into longer form programming and other kinds of programming à la the series that 
we did with MTV. The group that we acquired is extremely active in selling to over 70 networks, cable networks 
primarily, all different kinds of programming and profitably, not on a deficit. 

And I think this is just going to be an evolutionary – it's going to be an evolutionary area of interest for us. There is no 
question that the digital approach to video – vastly different from the "Hollywood" approach to video or making video, 
professional video productions. is a much, much more creative, I think, much, much more effervescent and exuberant 
process because it really is the creativity of the idea and the ability that for very little capital you can get that idea up 
and out. And I do think that video is just beginning to find a way to get itself supported. We're just probably a year into 
video, into putting commercial insertions in the video à la broadcast and cable. I think that's going to evolve and 
continue. 

I do believe that over time there's going to be a dual revenue stream. At the very least I think there is probably going to 
be three revenue streams and I think that they will come from transactions, they'll come from pure advertising and I 
think they'll come from pay. So I think this is a very sweet early area and we have a very interesting position in it 
relative to what we've been able to do inside the CollegeHumor production entity and what we've just added to it. 

As far as the Ben Silverman prospective venture, that's one that we don't yet know the architecture of it. But as we said, 
we think it will take some investment of ours, again I don't think in any big, material sense, but it will take some 
investment of ours and I think will take investment of others. And more than likely, it probably won't be inside 
Emerging Businesses, it probably will not be consolidated, at least that's our intent, but we'll see as we go. It's all very 
prospective right now. Essentially the release that was made was a statement of intent, and we're hopeful that in the 
next month it will result in a completely worked through transaction or completely worked through agreement. So I've 
gone on a bit but there it is. 

Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

I think that's the last question. So we thank you for your participation and look forward. Hopefully you all have a nice 
rest this summer and we'll see you in a few months, three to be exact. Tom? 

Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you everyone, and have a good day. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 


special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


