Q3 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Ross Sandler 
• Jim Friedland 
• Jeetil Patel 
• Mark Mahaney 
• Ingrid Chung 
• Douglas Anmuth 
• Justin Post 
• Brian Fitzgerald 
• John Blackledge 
• Jason Helfstein 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Darryl and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everybody to the IAC Q3 2009 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background 
noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] 

Thank you. Mr. McInerney, you may now begin. 

Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, operator, and everyone for joining us this morning for our third quarter 2009 earnings call, Barry will make 
some brief remarks after which I'll come back to quickly highlight some issues but first I'll remind you that during this 
call, we may discuss our outlook for future performance. These forward-looking statements typically are preceded by 
words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate or similar statements. These forward-looking statements are subject 
to risks and uncertainties and our actual results could differ materially from the views expressed today. Some of these 
risks have been set forth in our Q3 2009 press release and our periodic reports filed with the SEC. We will also discuss 
certain non-GAAP measures. I will refer you to our press release and the Investor Relations section of our website for 
all comparable GAAP measures and full reconciliations. 

With that I'll turn it over to Barry. 

Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks Tom. Good morning, everybody. I just want to give you a few stats at the beginning of this. We all sometimes 
forget just in the – in looking at the revenue and net numbers, just what the network affect is and how big this audience 


is, this Internet audience. So I just want to roll through a few of them for. First that may not know that Ask – sorry not 
Ask, IAC is the eighth largest network globally. 

We have 216 million unduplicated unique viewers. That's up 10% since last May. We have 4.6 billion page views. 
That's up 24% since last May. And a 1.1 billion visits, up 26%. In terms of the mobile world, which we've been very 
active in, we've downloaded 11 million smartphone apps, also the Ask network reaches 47% of the population in this 
country, which is up 30% since last year and our toolbar businesses grew 118% since last year. So we've got challenges 
and we'll talk about some of them, but we certainly have growth all over the place in our networks. 

Tom's going to discuss some of the specific figures, and of course you see them in the release. We did have a solid 
quarter given the environment. We have certainly improved sequential results. We've got good cash generation. Not at 
what we aspire to but pretty good. 

We've been doing planning for 2010. We're not finished with it. But I'd like to give you some at least preliminary takes 
on it. We see both opportunity and we definitely see challenges in the three businesses that we have considered core. In 
Search, it will not surprise anyone to hear that the competitive environment is fierce. And the big steps that we've been 
out and after over the last several years in Search and with Ask, they've not been achieved. And you'd have to say that 
the future is speculative. But in Search, we do have a group of assets that are diverse. They are making a significant 
amount of money, and we're going to fight mightily to grow them, grow those revenues. 

We've been asked a lot whether we're open to consolidating transactions in the area of search. The answer is yes. And 
it's unlikely that we'd be the consolidator. But, again, in all of this, you can't really make any absolutes. We do make 
some progress. But the area of search is definitely challenging. 

In Local, our local segment, I think you all know that ServiceMagic is performing very well. It's competitively very 
strong, and we think it's going to grow for years. Citysearch is still though in an early stage. It – after many years it's 
still early stage. It's a very, very complex area. It's had great progress. It's mastered many things, but organizing Local 
probably is, I would never say last frontier about anything in technology, but it is certainly one of the areas that 
everybody expected to be colonized and is far from it at this stage. 

I think we've got leadership. There's a lot of competition. We don't know yet what Google is going to do locally, 
although they make statements and show some signs. We do think that the asset that we've got's unique. We do think it 
has real prospects. Turning it into revenues, big revenues and profits, is going to take a while. And then Match, Match 
is doing great. And there's nothing more. You can put a period at the end of that sentence. 

So when you think of these three main business lines, it's not news. I opened this morning with saying that it's both got 
a lot of opportunity, and it's certainly got competitive challenges. We are beginning to open up a fourth area which we 
think can become core, and that's media. And what we mean – I mean by media is a fairly – fairly pure-ish content 
production, and this is both for the Internet and all of the more historic distribution channels. 

These areas of interest of ours are InstantAction, which is our online gaming operations, Electus which is the recently 
announced joint venture we have with Ben Silverman, Connected Ventures, which has CollegeHumor as one of its 
sites, and The Daily Beast. Our commitment to this area is real and we're going to invest, though, we could never say 
anything even close to bet the company. 

In capital terms, I think it's a reasonably small piece, say less than 10% of our 1.750 billion or so in cash. And that 
investment is going to take place – those investments are going to take place over the next several years. 

And we will be open to value creating structural alternatives. We've said that – that there's a possibility of venturing 
some of these operations of ours with other parties. We're open to that. But at the moment I'm kind of inclined to hold 
our hand. 

As to capital and the issue of buybacks, we didn't buy very much stock since the last quarter. We were working on a 
large transaction with Liberty. And we spent several months sorting through it. And, by the way, it was at market, 
there's no price issue. 


And for reasons, none dark, but just the reasons, we could not complete the transaction. There – there were – there were 
obstacles, despite the willingness of both parties to proceed. So for the future there's no change in our views about 
buybacks. 

We're going to repatriate a good portion of the excess capital. We will do it opportunistically. We're not going to be 
held to any defined schedule as to how, when, et cetera it occurs. But you've seen what we've done in the past. And I 
would predict we will be like-minded in the future. So with that, Tom, why don't you make some comments and then 
we'll get to questions. 

Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Okay, thank you. Real quickly, in our media and advertising business at the beginning of October we anniversaried the 
re-launch of our new Ask.com site a year ago, this plus modestly improved CPC trends should help revenue trends in 
Q4. 

That said, our longer term initiatives to drive volume have yet to grip and our display revenues are still comping down, 
so we expect Q4 revenues in this segment to be down year-over-year, and flattish sequentially with comparable 
margins to the year-ago period. 

In personals, the headline numbers announced today as expected, and we foretold this last quarter were skewed by the 
absence of Match Europe which contributed $22.5 million in revenue in the year-ago period, but nothing in the most 
recent quarter following its sale in June. 

Beyond that, the core business grew both revenue and profitability with U.S. subscribers up 9% year-over-year. Match 
will face this optical comp issue on the top line until the anniversary of the sale in June 2010, but to an ever lessening 
amount as we partially replace the lost revenue with continued growth in the core business and contributions from 
PeopleMedia, which should be largely unencumbered by purchase accounting rules in Q4. In Q3 purchase accounting 
effects minimized the revenue we got from that business. 

I'll remind you that on a normal run rate, i.e. not impacted by purchase accounting requirements, PeopleMedia profits 
largely offset those from – lost from the sale of Match Europe. I'll also point out that we recognize income from our 
27% stake in Meetic on an one quarter lag so you'll see the first full quarter of this in Q4 below the line, if you will, in 
the equity in income of unconsolidated affiliates line on the income statement, however we expect single digit million 
losses here for the next few quarters due largely to the same purchase accounting issues required by U.S. GAAP that 
we dealt with this quarter with the people Meetic – PeopleMedia acquisition. So, Meetic as we translate their results to 
our results, you'll see that same effect. 

They're not encumbered by that. So you will not be able to do a kind of a straight calculation of their reported earnings 
times our 27% stake to translate that back, because there's two different treatments there. 

ServiceMagic had a solid quarter, and returned to profit growth despite its operating environment. All key metrics 
showed improvements this quarter, with service requests up strongly to an ever-growing and more active service 
provider network. The future looks bright for the business. But I do want to highlight and just remind you Q4 is the 
seasonally slowest period for ServiceMagic and we'll have some modest increased investment in our European business 
as we look to replicate our U.S. success overseas. So while we expect top line growth to remain robust in Q4, profits 
are likely to be flat to the year-ago period. Again, it's a seasonally low quarter for ServiceMagic. 

Finally just a couple of housekeeping items, first going forward we'll reorganize our segment presentation to align with 
our principle areas of focus and the new media initiatives Barry just discussed. As such, our Emerging Business 
segment will be eliminated but for now you should just continue to expect that the total investment in businesses like 
Electus, InstantAction, The Daily Beast, to be comparable to the current run rate in Emerging. We'll provide more 
supplemental information on this in Q4 and report the quarter this way in early 2010 and thereafter, but I just wanted to 
give you a heads-up on our thinking. 


Second, on cash, the 1.8 billion figure in the press release reflects the sale of 1.8 million shares of OpenTable, and 
subsequent to the quarter end we sold an additional 169,000 shares and still hold 193,000 shares. And finally we do still 
expect to receive an approximately $75 million refund from the IRS in the fourth quarter. We've previously discussed 
that. Although note this from – just from our definitional purposes, will not be counted as free cash flow, obviously real 
cash flow but not free cash flow for our definition. 

With that, operator let's go to questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Ross Sandler. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Ross Sandler>: Thanks, guys. Just a couple questions on the – on the Media and Advertising business. You noted 
in the prepared remarks that you saw some strength in toolbars driven by better distribution; can you just give us a little 
more color on where that growth is coming from? And then any preliminary metrics you can assign around the coupon 
initiative at Ask that just kicked off in October? Are you seeing higher click-through rates? And then lastly, Barry, 
you've not ever, from what we can remember since the spin-off, kind of quantified the total size of the network the way 
you did in the prepared remarks. Is there any [inaudible]? 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: They weren't that prepared by the way, so let's not 
elevate them above where they belong, sorry, go ahead. 

<Q - Ross Sandler>: And any – and anything to read into in terms of the, you know, the overall size of the network 
and potential discussions going on there? I know there were some going on around the time of the spin-off but any 
update on that front? Thanks. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I just, on that last question, I don't know what you're 
alluding to but could you help me a little bit? I just don't know. I don't quite understand the question. 

<Q - Ross Sandler>: Well, I don't remember you having quantified the total reach of the Ask network in terms of 
global uniques, in terms of U.S. penetration. Some of the statistics that you just provided, just wondering kind of why 
the change from prior... 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: You mean why did I do it? I did it because yesterday I 
was looking over stuff and I was really impressed with these various statistics that everybody's in a day-to-day of 
business and life and you don't ever pull back and whatever. And I was looking at this and I thought I should tell people 
what the size is of this relatively small company in terms of its reach and its impact in terms of internet life and its size 
and in a lot of respects its growth. So that's really why I did it. I had no other thought in my head. Tom, you want to 
take the first two? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. On the first two 
questions, as Barry alluded to – we have a pretty varied and diversified search business. A couple of the strengths for 
some period of time have been on the toolbar side. It runs a wide kind of range of activities; both what we call our Fun 
Web Products which are these proprietary fun products, Smileys and Zwinky's. And our newest one is myWebFace, 
which you can go check out and create a cartoonish version of yourself. 

And we've – the business tends to move around a little bit, but we've had pretty good grip on it in Q3, in the overall 
scheme of things. Certainly the toolbar space is competitive. There's lots of people competing for a presence on the 
desktop and in the browser. But we're pretty good at it and we also have large partnerships, which we're very successful 
at signing and renewing with people like BitTorrent and Gamevance and others who are otherwise downloading 
software and we partner with them to download a toolbar with that process. 


So it's just a lot of ground level execution, it's a – search is a big space. Tell you things you know. Toolbars are a 
critically important and growing part of that. And we think we have good, kind of creativity and execution there. And 
it's one of the reasons we've been able to compete reasonably successfully in search, despite our much smaller scale. 

I think sorry, your next question, your second question was on coupons. It's really very early. I think we actually 
yesterday had a conversation that they saw some encouraging data on frequency, but it's literally a week or two. And so 
I'd just say it's premature. We just don't know. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Next question, please. 

Operator 

And your next question comes from the line of Jim Friedland. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Jim Friedland>: Thanks. First on media, you're indicating flat Q-over-Q and down year-over-year for Q4. Just 
given the seasonality and that you're – you are anniversarying that trend which caused some de-monetization, why 
wouldn't we see just maybe even a couple of percent Q-over-Q bump in Q4? And on the Emerging segment and your 
comments relating to incremental investments in Media, your run rate web losses on an annualized basis was about 36 
million based on this quarter. As we look to 2010, I know you haven't finished the budget but should we expect that 
bucket, which will include the – even though you're going to change the reporting, should we expect that loss to be 
greater than that 36 million run rate? Thanks. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. Hi, Jim. The – we – on 
Media and Advertising, you're right, we were, I think, down 11% this quarter. I hope and I guess currently expect to see 
an improvement in the year-over-year comp on that. So I think directionally moving in the right direction. I don't 
currently anticipate getting back to flat or slight growth as you say. We will benefit from the comp issue on the new 
product that said, there are still some things going against us. 

One is we're still – we're still even adjusting for that comp, and we did see a big improvement in revenue per query 
comparables year-over-year as we anniversaried that new site. We're still not back to flat. We're seeing, and as you 
know, it moves around day-to-day and week-to-week and also search property by search property but right now as of 
kind of October month to-date we're seeing flat CPC's but we're seeing some offsets in click-through rates. 

And so, we're still comping down generally, again it varies by property, on the RPQ side. And on the query side it's a 
kind of mixed bag. We had some properties that are very strong, others – and can you see them generally in the comps 
score and reported data that are still down slightly year-over-year. 

And then the last piece is – in that segment, while it's not a huge piece of the business, we still are comping down on 
the display side in Citysearch and Evite, which factors into that. So those are some of the factors, when you add it all 
up, it looks to us to be kind of sequentially better but still down modestly, year-over-year. 

I think on your – on your last question, look, I think it depends. It's early, I think right now, and we're going to 
reorganize this a little bit, but let's just talk as of the current presentation and organization of it. Right now, you have in 
there as the kind of three principle investment areas that Barry outlined, discreet media businesses, and then we have 
some other businesses that are – that are kind of net positive; Pronto this year for example's been net positive, Shoebuy, 
both in difficult environments. 

I think our current expectation would be, if we got positive contribution along the reasonable lines, not heroic but 
reasonable lines from some of those businesses next year then that in connection with the investments we'd intend to 
make, would keep it at roughly the current rate. It's fluid, we don't want to be kind of absolutely wedded to it, if we 
don't get some of those positives, it could be a legal bit higher. We're not talking dramatically, I don't think in the 
overall scheme of things. And as Barry said, we do tend to think of this to a degree. We're not – we're not immune or 
ignorant of kind of the P&L impact but we also have to think about it relative to our cash and capital balance, and our 
obligation to sensibly redeploy at least a piece of that, a small piece in the overall scheme of things, but a piece of it 


back into future potential growth areas. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Jim, we – look, within I think responsible, disciplined 
constraints, we want to build these media businesses. We think there's tremendous opportunity in media going forward, 
at least our version of media. And that is not in any way – I mean, that's not in anyway to play in the – vineyard world 
of what we all know as gold media. So there's opportunity but there's also a – I think, a good solid disciplined approach 
with, of course, knowledge that if you're going to try and build a business, you're going to have to invest to get there. 

<Q - Jim Friedland>: Okay. That's great. Thanks. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Next question, please. 

Operator 

And your next question comes from the line of Jeetil Patel. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Jeetil Patel>: Great. Thank you. A couple of questions. First of all, your steady state operating – labor margins 
for Match and the ad business, can you just talk about, I guess, what do you think the overall margin profiles of these 
businesses look like since, obviously, Match continues to perform well, you made some investments in the Ask side of 
the business at the beginning of the year. I guess, just broadly, are there investments that you're looking to make on an 
ongoing basis from an advertising standpoint in any of these business lines or should we anticipate the margins show 
some consistency as we look ahead over the next couple of years, is this kind of the profile we should be looking at? 

And second question, around the content production initiatives which are building quite nicely, I guess, Barry, what's 
your take on the monetization model of this major initiative? Do you think it's going to be in the form of local and 
display advertising or do you think it's a subscription or other sort of charge model that you look at? Thanks. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I'll take the first one on the 
margins. Match is funny. I think the – for a long time – I mean, maybe close to 10 years in some respects, we've been 
saying we don't tend to run it for margin per se. We're looking for order growth and cash flow growth. And if we can 
find ways to spend incremental dollars, tend to be in marketing, but they could also be in product and technology or 
some degree of international expansion, even with the sale of Europe having been complete, we're still in a number of 
other countries. And it has the nominal effect of decreasing percentage market, but it grows OIBA and cash flow, then 
we'll take it. So that's the philosophy, that's the strategy, that hasn't changed. 

What's tended to happen as you follow the margins, we were 23% a couple of years ago, 25% last year and we'll end up 
certainly a couple points higher than that most likely this year. And when you're getting good volume growth and 
pricing's stable, which is what it's been, then there tends to be margin opportunities. So I don't expect, I don't forecast 
and I don't plan around margins growing from the current levels. That said, I don't do any of those things expecting to 
aberrationally shift them down or that this was aberrationally high or anything like that. We'll plan it around growth. 
And we expect margins to be stable-ish, and if there's opportunities, we'll take that. 

On the Media and Advertising side, obviously, much tougher and much more volatile just given some of the things that 
have gone in the ad market and our own initiatives and things like that. I think you see this year we've been really good 
at sharpening the pencil and taking out costs in response to the macro conditions and the top line softness. And I think 
you'll – you see that in the growing margins, the close to 16% margin this quarter. Obviously we need top line growth 
there. And I think if we get it, there'll be margin opportunities back into the high teens or something starting with a two, 
which this business has historically achieved. And without it, we won't. And that's perhaps stating the obvious. But 
that's the way we're thinking about it. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: All right. On revenue – oh sorry, were you going to go 
on? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No, no, sorry, I was done. 


<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Oh, okay. On revenue, I don't think anybody would 
question that revenue is going to increase in Internet properties, across the Internet. That to me is an absolute given. It's 
going to increase year-on-year, year-on-year for as long as I could see in the future. 

It's very, very though, early days in how that revenue's categorized and the incredible tonnage of inventory and the 
mathematical ease with which it is bought, and I'm talking about principally here display advertising, remnant 
advertising, which is sold very cheaply. It is content where very little of it is sequestered as premium. And if you – if 
you look at – sorry, if you participate in this, for us I believe, for everybody that is engaged in premium content, and by 
that I don't mean the content that is organized through various search methodologies and other things where or 
particularly user-generated content, but what I do mean is content that you make. 

I think that that is going to, over time, be segregated from the mass of display and remnant advertising rates. And that's 
really what we're doing, experimenting during this period with differentiating and looking for wise advertisers that are 
not just buying by saying we'll allocate another 2% or 4%. I mean, after all the whole Internet takes maybe five, 7% 
max of advertising revenues right now. This is why I absolutely believe it's going to grow. 

So our – I think that our job is, during this period, to invest in the content sensibly, to begin to differentiate it, to begin 
to get premium pricing. But I don't think it stops there. I do believe that we're going to have multiple areas of revenue. 
And I think those will come from, in a sense, various priced premium content. Meaning that some content will be, I 
think, again all premium, will be at a level much above the current rates. Then I think there'll be a category that you 
will either subscribe to or you'll one-off pay for, and then I think the other part of it is going to be direct transactions, 
which are going to go through, I think, a lot of that content. 

So I've gone on a little bit about this. I certainly do not believe that making premium content is going to depend upon 
what we now think of as the display advertising model. One won't support the other. So I could go on about this for a 
while, but I think that's the – that's at least the – sum up, kind of summary of my thoughts in this area. Next question? 

Operator 

And your next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Mark Mahaney>: Thanks. Just wanted to ask a question about the ServiceMagic business. Two parts. Just to 
understand the guidance for Q4, is it that OIBA profits or OIBA profit margin is likely to be consistent with the year 
ago quarter? And then it looks like you stepped up some television advertising around the product. You've got record 
high revenue here, very strong growth, but the margins seem to be taking a hit because of that advertising. Can you talk 
about how you think about what the margins – how you want to run the business going forward, how consistently you 
want to run the TV ad campaign, for example, in support of ServiceMagic? Thank you. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. On the – with Q4, it's 
funny, because it's such a seasonally low quarter, the year-over-year changes get absolutely magnitude – magnified by 
$200,000 one way or the other. So it's a little hard to discuss. I think we made $2 million in the business year-over-year 

– sorry – in the year ago period, OIBA, just people not doing work around the home in Q4; they're focused on the 
holidays obviously. We think that will be up nicely on a percentage basis, percentage basis of OIBA in the domestic 
business. But even if it's a heroic percentage, it might be $1 million or $2 million, just not move the needle for IAC 
given that the seasonal nature of the business. And we also think we're going to put a small amount of money that 
would kind of offset that into the international business. 
So it's flattish on an OIBA dollar basis with good revenue growth. It says nothing about the state of the business. It's 
just the nature of Q4, the nature of a small amount of international. And as we look to next year, the business feels 
currently very solid. Obviously it's dynamic. It moves around. We saw that in Q1 of this year, which was not good and 
then the rest of this year so far has been good. So – but we feel good about it generally. 

On margins, I think the second question was margins in ServiceMagic longer term. You know it's a business because of 
its nature you need a reasonably big sales force. In ServiceMagic's case it's tele sales. Signing up local service providers 


you need very good geographic coverage. You need very good coverage by types of jobs and at the same time you have 
to generate, via marketing, lots of consumer demand. So it's not likely to ever be the type of business that does 40% 
margins or something like that. There's just probably too many activities you have to undergo. 

That said, to be operating at the kind of margins it's operating at now off of this scale, I think shows there is opportunity 
in the future. I mean, you know, 20 – basically 20% this quarter. It was 20% a year ago. And as that top line continues 
to grow, which is what we expect, it's still a tiny fraction of market share, of available advertising spend in that 
category. There should be margin opportunity and part of that comes from building the brand. And you referenced TV 
advertising; they've been very successfully testing using really cheap spot market purchases in local markets, 
advertising. 

One of the nice things about this business is when you spend money on advertising, TV or radio, you get a little bit of a 
double whammy because you get some consumer benefit. You also get the service professionals recognize your call. So 
when they – the salespeople call them to sign them up as a customer, they go, oh yeah, I heard your ads and there's a 
legitimacy bestowed whereas maybe they otherwise weren't sold it. 

So we're really encouraged. I mean it's early. We've not spent a lot of money; it's been a few million dollars. But we're 
really encouraged by the role advertising can play in this business. And if we do that, it may have some longer term 
margin benefits. But I think more importantly, that the prospect of making ServiceMagic a true brand, which it's not 
today, just, you know, gets me very excited because you start thinking about the forever nature of the business and how 
big it could really be and I analogize in my head a little bit to Match, and obviously I'm getting way ahead of myself 
but I think it's – I think it's a real opportunity for us. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: It's legitimate. There's a real possibility of building a 
consumer brand with ServiceMagic, and I think we're going to be at that. We're going to be investing in it. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: And it'll take years. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, it'll take a long time. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: but we're not going to blow up 
the P&L to do it either. I think, if that's a little bit of the question behind the question, we're going to do it very sensibly 
and just grow it, try and grow the business year-after-year. I don't think there is any short cut to – building what we 
want to build there. 

<Q - Mark Mahaney>: Thank you, Tom. Thank you, Barry. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Next question, please. 

Operator 

And your next question comes from the line of Ingrid Chung. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Ingrid Chung>: Around Citysearch, I was wondering how you positioned Citysearch against Yelp given the 
increasing popularity of social media sites and recommendations from friends? And what kind of opportunities do you 
see for Citysearch to maybe acquire other local assets? And then second question is what kind of increased competition 
or what kind of impact from Bing have you seen on Ask? 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: As to Citysearch, I don't think we're going to be in an 
acquiring mode. We acquired a little bit... 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: UrbanSpoon 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: ...we acquired UrbanSpoon... 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Right. 


<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: ...which is a great little acquisition. And then we 
acquired another little thing recently. But we're – I don't think it's going to grow by acquisition. I think that it's a 
different, it's really a different service than Yelp is. And certainly Yelp has grown. Yelp is as you've said, alluded to, is 
of course review based with UGC. Citysearch has so much structured data that it has gathered over this period and 
Citysearch now is essentially the only micro search site out there in any given communities. I think Citysearch now 
searches, I'm going to get the – maybe you can prompt me on the individual cities that – or suburbs or whatever, 
individual local sites that's in the tens of thousands. And I think there's a little scrambling going on and I think I'll 
probably get a figure sometime soon. But it – Citysearch is actually also three separate businesses. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: 75,000 is what I am being 
told. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: 75,000 local... 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: It's enormous. And you can go into Citysearch and you 

– you go beyond zip code. 
<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Hyper local. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: It's as local as you can get. Over time, we think that's a 
very good organizing principle for this local surface. And then there is the Citygrid business which is a completely 
different business. I mean the difference between us and Yelp, I believe in revenue terms if I'm not mistaken, there's not 
a great deal of revenue at Yelp. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Correct. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: There's not a huge amount at Citysearch but, it's 
substantial. And so I just think they're different models. Tom? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No, I think – what we're 
trying to do at Citysearch, clearly we have to consumer position it against Yelp and by the way, 20 other sites be they 
very vertically specialized sites in restaurants or hotels or whatever it may be against the IYP's, the Yellow Page sites, 
against newspaper sites, I mean the list of competitors is long. Yelp has clearly done a very good job in what they do. 
In those markets in review based, social media based things. However relating that to something that also serves as an 
advertising platform is a very different thing. 

For example, it's very hard to sell an advertiser when there's lots of reviews on there that maybe perhaps are not 
particularly favorable. So it's not very simple in this business to build a giant audience and then go, oh okay, now we'll 
just turn on the advertising and you just flip a switch. You kind of have to build the two in tandem. 

So we'll have broad consumer positioning with lots of information sources, hyper local as Barry said, but as 
importantly, maybe more importantly, we're building a very large network with, today, over a dozen providers, what 
we call resellers, other local advertising companies who are feeding their advertiser budgets into our system, 50 plus 
publishers on the other side who serve as repository for ads either generated by our ad sells or those resellers, and we're 
in essence, standing in the middle. It's the Google sponsored listings of local at the earliest of stages. 

And I think if you talk to people in the business, we are ahead in terms of creating this network. It's a long, 
complicated, arduous task, but today, for example, literally today and every other day, Superpages now is a material 
contributor of advertising dollars via their clients, through the Citygrid network and there's others that are following 
and scaling. So it's tough task. It's a long task. We still think there's asset value there, but it's going to take a while to 
pull it through. 

<Q - Ingrid Chung>: Okay. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Next question, please. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth, from Barclays Capital. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Douglas Anmuth>: Thanks for taking the question. Barry, I was hoping maybe you could give some more color 
on the kind of obstacles that you mentioned in terms Liberty discussions? And then secondly, can you talk about how 
you evaluate the effectiveness of your NASCAR marketing spending that you've done so far this year, how you think 
it's paying off and would you expect to do similar deals like this going forward? Thanks. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: No. Bluntly, on Liberty. Again, I don't want to make a 
big drama out of this. It really wasn't a drama. But we were for technical reasons, I would call it, and we were not able 
to proceed despite the desire of both Liberty and IAC to proceed. Will we in the future? I don't know. Meaning will we 
do a transaction with Liberty? I don't really know. I couldn't predict it. But that doesn't have anything to do, well I 
shouldn't say anything to do. Certainly it had a lot to do with it this last quarter, but we're considering that transaction 
not going to happen, not on. And so my remarks about what we will do going forward that I made earlier are the ones 
that apply. 

As far as the second question relative to NASCAR, NASCAR definitely was helpful to Ask. I don't think that we will 
be pursuing these kinds of high-profile, high-impact, high-cost, so to speak, advertising initiatives for Ask going 
forward though NASCAR was a very good partner for us and I'm not at all excluding the possibility that we would 
continue with them in some fashion, but there's – it was positive, I think positive for both Ask and NASCAR itself and 
for other NASCAR partners. 

But I don't really see, contrary to what some of the competition is doing, I don't think retail advertising is particularly 
helpful in this search business. It gives you, without question, you put an ad out, you're going to get a reaction to it. But 
are you going to change people's habits by advertising? I think it's unlikely. I think that you'll get momentary attention. 
I don't think you're going to get that much retention. I don't think it's worth the buck. And we've spent, not a huge 
amount, but we've spent enough bucks by this time to know. 

Next question, please. 

<Q - Douglas Anmuth>: Yes, thank you. 

Operator 

And your next question comes from the line of Justin Post from Banc of America. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Justin Post>: Hi, Barry, obviously the allocation of your 1.8 billion in cash is going to be a key driver of the 
stock over the next couple years. Can you talk about your methodology for allocating that capital and maybe the type of 
ROI thresholds you look at when you make a content investment or other types of investments? Thank you. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Oh, I don't – I mean, look, you can make any 
projections you like. I would say most forward ROI projections are not worth the paper that they're written on. I don't – 
I don't hold much for that process. 

We've said in the past several years, and I think you've definitely seen it, that our discipline in terms of acquisitions, is 
pretty tight. I think we've made a couple of hundred million dollars in acquisitions over the last two plus years. 

So we're – we're – it's unlikely. I can't say it won't happen. But – because I hate to say it, it's foolishness. But I think 
past is prelude here. I – I just don't believe we're going to be out there making a big acquisition. And I think the smaller 
acquisitions that we – you've seen us make have been very hard-headed and, in all respects, successful on – very nice 
returns, certainly exceeding the kind of norm that anybody would put on a little piece of paper when you're talking 
about capital. 


And it's – it's why I've said that I – I just believe that over the next years that repatriation is going to be what's going to 
happen with this capital, rather than investment. And that by investment I mean in either acquisitions or that much in 
our own businesses. That's about the most – I don't know Tom, if you would like to add any to that? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No, just a couple stats. We've 
done really only two, and I hesitate to use the word sizeable but I guess all things are relative to acquisitions, in the last 
two years, Lexico and PeopleMedia. Both are performing above plan, we're very pleased with both. 

And over the last both – over the last two years we've actually generated more in net cash proceeds from dispositions 
than we've spent and that includes the Shop Channel sale a year ago. And even this year I think we've net cash spent 
under $50 million, because we obviously sold the OpenTable. And so we're as – kind of aggressively as we can, trying 
to manage every element of cash and sell things that don't make sense. We still have some other unconsolidated assets. 
I think you're all generally aware of what those are, although they're starting to be smaller relative to the total and be 
really, really prudent on the cash side. 

<Q - Justin Post>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Next question, please. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Brian Fitzgerald from UBS Securities. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Brian Fitzgerald>: Thanks. Focusing on the – on Match, excluding Europe and PeopleMedia, revenue's up 5%, 
subs are up 9%. Wanting to know if you could provide some more color on what drove the growth there? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, you know, it's – the 
business – first of all, we've had good growth both in kind of the U.S. core business and what remains of our 
international business. Obviously, that sub number is domestic number, but we still do have an international business in 
Japan, Australia, Canada, and a number of other places. It's not a big percentage of the business. But I bring that out 
just because I think it's probably a little bit lost on people with the European sale. 

On the core side, on the core domestic part of the business, in this business it's always about kind of marketing and 
distribution broadly defined. We have been – I mean, one of the benefits, I think, of macro conditions and Internet 
advertising market weakness is that we continue to open doors and find channels available to us to advertise and market 
online, be it straight ad buys, whether it's a display ad buy, for example, or some form of integrated partnership with 
partners that perhaps weren't doing it before, or they were only doing it to a certain degree and we're able to, in essence, 
generate more traffic from those places. So as the portals, Yahoo! – I'm sorry, AOL and MSN, for example, have been 
big partners of this business for a long time, but they've declined as a percentage of our business reasonably 
consistently through the years just given the nature of how people think about personals and where they go to look for 
personals, we've really broadened out those distribution sources, and I think that will continue. 

Match is a very effective way to monetize traffic if you're a content site and that's a big piece of it. And then conversion 
of whatever traffic you do drive to the site, which is about product, product, product. And we've a great team down 
there, very focused, literally, hour by hour, on every decimal point of conversion of everybody that comes to register 
and by channel, by site, by type of – part of the site they went to, by ethnicity and age and every other dimension and 
there's always opportunity to improve that by improving the experience. 

So the personals market is a big market. It can be much bigger over time, there's external forecasts that support that in 
our own experience. We're the leader. And we think we'll continue growing the business and growing the category as 
the leader. 

<Q - Brian Fitzgerald>: Great. Thanks. 


<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Next question. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of John Blackledge from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open. 

<Q - John Blackledge>: Thanks. A couple of questions. Just wondering how many shares you guys have bought back 
thus far in the fourth quarter? And then on the media side, is the content – is that going to be on your sites or would you 
be selling that content to other sites? And is the investment mostly going to be in internet video and is it short form or 
longer form? Just if you can give us some color on that. 

And then lastly, like very highlighted at the beginning of the call, growth in traffic and usage across most of your key 
properties has been great over the past year. I'm just wondering how you guys are thinking about monetizing that 
traffic, as we head into 2010 which is, Barry, was obviously key heading into next year? Thanks. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: On the repurchase question, 
we disclosed in the release what we've done since the last quarterly announcement and as indicated it was less than one 
million shares. We're not going to provide any supplemental disclosure. That's current as of the – as of a day or two 
ago, I guess it is. So you basically have that information and then we'll talk to you again in 90 days on that. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Now on your second question, could you tighten it up 
just a little bit for me? 

<Q - John Blackledge>: So is it mostly going to be video content via your site or are you going to be selling it to other 
sites or both? 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. Let me... 

<Q - John Blackledge>: Just a flavor for what kind of content? 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Let me stop there. There're two areas of content that 
we're engaged in. Two buckets. One is in the area of games. We're both making a platform for online gaming. We have 
a toolset that we think is unique for us and others to make and distribute online games through our instant action, so to 
speak portal. And we are a producer of online games. So that's that segment. 

In terms of video, we produce more videos a week than anybody else does. These are primarily for CollegeHumor but 
we also distribute those videos everywhere. Obviously, they're on YouTube and they're very fully distributed in terms 
of selling them, we don't quote, "sell them". We have revenue sharing arrangements with anybody that distributes our 
videos, where we have commercials embedded in them. 

And then the third area, and by the way, and that is short form. We do have longer form video. And the longer form 
videos, we did a television series for MTV. We have some other series developments in the works. We are a producer 
through our Notional, which I don't think we've really kind of announced it yet in any serious way, I think we'd do that 
next month in some small time, little celebration of their opening. But Notional produces for syndicated television 
networks, syndicated programming television networks – television networks in the area of cable networks. 

We have ambitions to produce programming of all lengths. And for both the historical media and the Internet. We're 
certainly not going to do it at the – in the business model of let's call it the incumbents. So we will approach it in a 
different way. 

And then the other area is in the news and information area with The Daily Beast, we produce a great deal of original 
content. It's why The Daily Beast has grown so greatly in just, less than a year, really, of actually being up and out 
there. And that is in the area of journalism and all different kinds of topics and subjects within The Daily Beast. So 
that's kind of a sketch through of the kinds of content production we're engaged in now and I think we'll be engaged in, 
in expansive ways through the next several years. 


<Q - John Blackledge>: Great, thanks. And just – I guess just lastly on the monetization of your traffic growth and 
usage growth, if you can kind of talk to that as we head into 2010? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, it's a widely disparate 
activity. Obviously, search to us is key. I talked earlier in the call about some of the trends in that area, in terms of 
revenue per query. Search isn't, in and of itself, a very effective high monetization activity, so relative to the world at 
large, we're at pretty good levels. Obviously, the current trends have been down for lots of the reasons we've talked 
about. So we'll see how that plays out. And in our local and personals areas, we think it will continue to grow for the 
aforementioned reasons. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: We'll have one last question, please. 

Operator 

Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Jason Helfstein from the Oppenheimer & Company. Your 
line is now open. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Thanks. We got it in there. So, just, Barry, just a quick question on Liberty and then a 
follow-up question on Match. Do you have any interest in any of Liberty's assets and perhaps would you consider a 
stock drop for any of their assets? And then on Match, have you guys seen less promotional efforts by your peers in this 
quarter? And also, there's the free sites, particularly with Plentyoffish, I think has had pretty good growth, I'm just 
wondering how you guys try to convey the value to consumers of paying for the service as opposed to the alternatives 
that they have? Thanks. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Why don't you take the last question? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. I don't think there's 
been any discernible change in competitive action. I mean, I think we have I guess one formidable spender, which is 
eHarmony that people are aware of, and then lots of other competition all over the place that tend to be more online 
centric, although certainly some of them dabble in television. And I'd say that the competitive environment is tough and 
feisty, but, no – nothing different than what it's been better or worse over the last several quarters or years. And, sorry 
the second question? 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: The second – the first question was on Liberty. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Right, and the assets. No, I don't think, that was not, we 
were not talking about an asset swap, we were talking about a pure purchase of their shares. I think it's – if we ever 
reopened again, I can't say that we wouldn't consider something, but there's nothing there that I think is really 
appropriate to our business lines or things that we are – either currently engaged and are interested in, so I think if there 
are any further discussions with Liberty, I think that they'll be along the lines of pure purchase of their stock. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah and, sorry, I just 
remembered you asked about Plentyoffish. The – certainly they've grown, there's been a number of other free sites, they 
grow in terms of audience, we've not measured or seen any discernible impact of that on our business. I think people 
realize it's just fundamentally a different thing. 

Match's sweet spot is, kind of late 20s and up. I think paying is a bit of a filter. There's a seriousness of intent when you 
come to Match. Your intent may be dating, your intent may be marriage, there may be other things, but whatever your 
intent is you're a little more serious about it. I think paying's actually a good thing. 

And as to conveying value, I think it – look it's on the site. You can register and search and whatever you're looking 
for, we're going to have more than anybody. And it's tools and technology and everything else. So – and you get to see 
all that for free. So, you know, the proof is in the pudding. Lot's of people see it all and then pay. And we watch the 
free stuff very closely. But I just think it's a different animal that's what it's proven to be over the last several years. 


Barry Diller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Well with that, thank you all. We look forward to seeing you. Seeing you? I don't think we're going to 'see' you but 
we're – certainly will be talking to you next quarter. And in the interim, we hope everything goes as well as you would 
hope. Thank you all. 

Operator 

And this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect at this time. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


