Q4 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Thomas J. McInerney, Chief Financial Officer, and Executive Vice President 
• Barry Diller, Chairman 
• Gregory R. Blatt, Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Justin Post 
• Ross Sandler 
• Mark Mahaney 
• Jeetil J. Patel 
• Jason Helfstein 
• Brian Fitzgerald 
• Douglas Anmuth 
• Kerry Rice 
• Jim Friedland 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Steve and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the IAC Q4 2010 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. 
After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. 

Mr. Tom McInerney, CFO, you may begin. 

Thomas J. McInerney, Chief Financial Officer, and Executive Vice President 

Thank you, Operator, and everyone for joining us this morning for our Q4 2010 earnings call. Barry and Greg will 
make some brief remarks, afterwards I will come back to quickly highlight some issues. 

But first, I'll remind you that during this call we may discuss our outlook for future performance. These 
forward-looking statements typically are preceded by words such as "we expect," "we believe," "we anticipate," or 
similar statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, and our actual results could 
differ materially from the views expressed today. 

Some of these risks have been set forth in our Q4 2010 press release and our periodic reports filed with the SEC. We'll 
also discuss certain non-GAAP measures, and I refer you to our press release and the Investor Relations section of our 
website for all comparable GAAP measures and full reconciliations. 

With that I'll turn it first to Barry. 

Barry Diller, Chairman 


Thank you, Tom. Good morning. I really am going to speak very briefly but as befits the fact that we have named a, as 
I think you all know, new CEO for the company. I'm not exactly going into the rocking chair but that is a significant 
change in the company. I expect that we will become much more focused, aggressive, ambitious than we've been 
before and we do that on top of, or alongside very strong earnings, that have been consistent now over a good many 
quarters, continues with this last quarter. We're optimistic about this '11 year and I think again with Greg Blatt as our 
CEO, I think that we will continue to make real progress and with that I turn it over to Mr. Blatt. 

Gregory R. Blatt, Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Barry. I stand excited to be here with you all, but certainly more that I could stand excited to be here actually 
talking to you. Since I've really been sitting in this room through these calls silently since I joined IAC in 2003 and I 
anyone who knows me understands that, that silence was extremely difficult for me. 

As you may know, as served as general counsel at IAC for many years, during that time, I became involved in general 
corporate management, mergers and acquisitions, strategies, human resources. After our last round of spin-offs in 2008, 
I headed to Dallas to run our various online dating businesses and then in December took the IAC CEO role. Given our 
multi-business structure, I'd like to think the experience, both in corporate management and operating business 
management gives me a great perceptive from which to operate and drive the entire enterprise going forward. 

While at Match, I never fully lost touch with what was going on throughout the rest of IAC, but the company has 
evolved a lot during that time. So now I'm digging in, trying to get a deep understanding where the growth levers are 
and how best to exploit them. So far I see lots of opportunities, of course a few challenges and I couldn't be more 
excited about tackling all of them. I'm not going to give a state of the union today, maybe next time but I thought it was 
worth calling out a few things. 

First and foremost, I'm really struck by how much our Search business has evolved from what was an Ask-centric 
business, designed to compete head-on with Google, to a business with multiple brands, great and evolving and creative 
assets and real marketing expertise across a wide range of online distribution channels. We compete now based on our 
ability to meet a variety of distinct consumer needs, better than the broader based search engines, primarily through 
nimbleness in product creation and service to our distribution partners. 

Over time, we expect to generate significant revenue streams from these brands beyond Search, such as subscription 
and micro payments from the user base. It's obviously not a simple business and there's real competition. But it feels 
like a different world today than it did two years ago when we were trying to compete head on. By refocusing away 
from the center, we think we've expanded our real opportunities significantly. We've got great scale, potential coming 
off a record year. We're starting with a good base and real momentum. And that's not even mentioning CityGrid, which 
is playing a whole different game than it was two years ago. 

Second, I can't finally talk to you all and not call out what a great business Match is. So it's a great business. We just 
completed a second straight outstanding year, not just in revenue and OIBA growth, which speak for themselves, but 
our products are better, our consumer proposition is stronger, our community is deeper and our marketing is sharper 
and more efficient. Additionally, we've got a great team in place led by industry veterans Mandy Ginsberg running 
Match and Chemistry and Josh Meyers running People Media. And now that I've gotten out of their way, I think the fun 
will really start there. 

In short, the machine is humming, the market continues to be under penetrated, more and more people will meet each 
other online, we invest more in product and evolving technologies and staying out in front than anyone else. And we're 
uniquely positioned to continue to drive category growth and to benefit from it. An example is an announcement today 
of our OkCupid acquisition, a great site that is helping to grow that category and we've got more great product roll-outs 
coming down the pipe. 

We're going to satisfy peoples varied online meeting needs better than anyone else and I really don't see that stopping. 
We're the original social network and like every social network Match gets stronger with scale. So more to come during 


our Q1 results call, as I dig deeper into these and our earlier stage operations. But let me close by acknowledging that 
I'm taking over at a time when things are going great. My general objective is to maintain momentum while pulling the 
right levers on future opportunity to ensure we're driving real shareholder returns well into the future. 

With that, back to Tom. 

Barry Diller, Chairman 

Wait a minute. You know, you mentioned, OkCupid, which just comes out in the separate release. So wanted to just 
give everybody just a little pre-feel why you wanted to acquire it and what it'll mean and whatever else you want to 
say... 

Gregory R. Blatt, Chief Executive Officer 

Sure. 

Barry Diller, Chairman 

To give some texture to it before we get into any further details. 

Gregory R. Blatt, Chief Executive Officer 

Sure thing. We think this is huge category, it's meeting a fundamental need, which is to meet people, and we think more 
and more people are going to meet online. And we don't think this is a winner take all category. We think that different 
people at different stages want different things. A 26-year-old guy living in New York may want a different thing than 
a 26-year-old guy living Des Moines. And that 26-year-old guy living in New York may want something very different 
by the time he is 32. This is a site that appeals to a younger demographic generally than our other sites. 

We know that it's bringing people into the category and we know that people who come into the category through 
advertising based sites, often develop a real appetite for the broader, more sophisticated feature set that the subscription 
sites offer and for the more committed communities, which fundamentally change the experience. So we think that by 
operating all these models together, we think that we're going to help sustain and fuel growth across the various 
models. There's real great interdependency there. 

Barry Diller, Chairman 

Sure, Tom. 

Thomas J. McInerney, Chief Financial Officer, and Executive Vice President 

Okay. Thanks Greg. Just before we jump into Q&A, I'll spend just a few moments on some supplemental information 
as it relates to Q4 and looking forward. 

In Search, we continue to, you'll see in the release, to see top line growth, very strong top line growth, posting our 
highest revenue ever. We saw good and balanced growth across our principal brands. Margins were up nicely when 
adjusting for the $9.6 million restructuring charge at Ask and excluding this charge, OIBA margin was approximately 
18% or 110 basis points better than the prior year. We've said all along, quarter-after-quarter, that our disciplined cost 
focus coupled with good revenue growth should allow us plenty of margin opportunity in the business and you see that 
coming through this quarter. 


For the year in full, we're very pleased with the results. Revenue was up 23% year-over-year and OIBA was up 37% 
even inclusive of that Q4 charge. Obviously, from here forward, the comps are tougher and these rates of growth would 
be difficult to sustain but the Q1 trends are quite solid and we're optimistic, very optimistic about a good 2011 in this 
business. 

Match, as Greg said, had another very strong quarter driven by many of the same fundamentals we saw in Q3, resulting 
in a 21% increase, in core business subscribers, with the Yahoo! distribution arrangement contributing just 4% of that. 
Just to remind you, we refer to Match.com U.S., Chemistry.com and People Media sites as the core sites. And these 
core accounts were virtually all of the profit of the overall business, hence we're focused on that metric. 

This 21% Q4 sub growth comes after similar growth in Q3, so obviously our execution is outstanding. And I hope this 
convinces you all what we've always said. This business is far from mature, the opportunity is still substantial, and 
when we execute well, as we have been, we will grow at very attractive rates. Profit followed revenue, with OIBA up 
34% for the quarter and 30% for the full year. And looking forward, we expect fundamentals to remain quite good. 

In Media and other, we had numerous transactional effects that not only impacted the current period but also the full 
year results. Each of Evite and Gifts.com, which went to Liberty in the exchange for stock and InstantAction which 
ceased operations were reclassified to discontinued operations for Q4 and all preceding quarters. 

Results for The Daily Beast were fully consolidated for Q4, but will be accounted for on the equity income basis 
beginning now basically the end of January, beginning of February, as the JV with Newsweek just closed. The totality 
of these events when you factor all of it through should reduce losses in this segment materially for the full year 2011. 
Although, Q1 with a month of The Daily Beast and some seasonal effects will still be negative roughly in line with 
previous quarters. 

And finally, we made some significant strides in reducing our capitalization you will notice. Acquiring the 12.8 million 
shares during the quarter as part of the tax-free change with Liberty and finished the year quite strong in terms of cash 
generation. For the full year, we generated more than $250 million in free cash flow, which I'll remind you is an 
after-tax figure. And we ended the year with just over $1.2 billion in net cash and marketable securities. 

So with that operator, let's get to questions. 

Barry Diller, Chairman 

Tom, how much stock have we bought back? Over the last – take it three years? 

Thomas J. McInerney, Chief Financial Officer, and Executive Vice President 

Since the spinoff, 68 million shares, which is roughly a third or more actually. 

Barry Diller, Chairman 

I thought it was 40. 

Thomas J. McInerney, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President 

Yeah, it is. It's 40 on a gross basis, it's a third net because we had some old warrants that got exercised. So I look at it 
both ways. But obviously a very substantial amount of stock, but because we have generated such strong free cash flow 
from our operations and the sale of non-core assets. We've still got the very substantial cash position obviously despite 
how quickly we've been trying to give it back. 


Barry Diller, Chairman 

All right. Let's go to questions. Thank you. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Justin Post with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Your line is open. 

<Q - Justin Post>: Great. Can you talk about the Search business, how the new deal might affect margins as far as the 
query results next year. And then what percentage of queries is coming from toolbars and what's your outlook for 
partner ads, as you look into next year? Thank you. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Chief Financial Officer, and Executive Vice President>: Justin, Tom. There's a – I'm 
not sure what you're referring to a new deal, our existing arrangement with Google has two years left to run. So there's 
no imminent change there. And I think your second question was on margins in the toolbar business and things like 
that. I think as I said on the last call, the toolbar business is a very attractive margin business for us. It's as attractive as 
any of the proprietary sites we operate. 

The cost structure is a bit different how much is in marketing versus other elements of the cost structure. But it's, we're 
reasonably agnostic where our volume comes from in the Search business whether it's via one of our toolbar brands or 
via one of the proprietary sites. As long as we're growing revenue and controlling costs, you'll see the kind of margin 
opportunity we saw in Q4. 

<Q - Justin Post>: Thanks. I was referring to – not the paid side, but the organic side or the free search results I think 
you signed a new deal and I'm just wondering that's going to help margins as you look forward to the next two years? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Chief Financial Officer, and Executive Vice President>: I'm not sure what you're 
referring to. 

<Q - Justin Post>: Didn't you disband the organic side of Ask? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Chief Financial Officer, and Executive Vice President>: I'm sorry. Yeah. In 
connection with the Ask restructuring, we basically coupled some of our in-house technology and supplemented with 
additional outsourced and outside technology. It's of de minimis financial impact. 

<Q - Justin Post>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman>: Question please. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Ross Sandler from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. 

<Q - Ross Sandler>: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question and nice quarter. I've got three quick questions. So first 
a follow-up on the Search business. Can you talk about this big reacceleration that you're seeing in the revenue growth? 
I know in the release you commented on queries, RPQ and improving click-through rate, but can you give us a little bit 
more color about what you're doing differently, have you seen an inflection point in the toolbar business? Or just any 
kind of color on where that growth is coming from. And are there any one-timeish things going on in Search in the 
fourth quarter? 

And then the second question is just on Match and Match margins. So last quarter, you had this big margin uptick there 
was some deferred revenue in there. This quarter it's a little bit over 100 basis points. So is the current margin 


improvement the right way to think about it for 2011 with the full impact of some of the partnerships you've signed? 

And the last one is just a follow-up on Match but is the strategy with Singlesnet and OkCupid, is it to drive some of 
these free advertising driven businesses into up-selling them subscriptions? Or is it just continue to grow page views 
and ad impressions or is the whole idea to convert them to paid? Can you just talk a little bit about the strategy for the 
free side? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Chief Financial Officer, and Executive Vice President>: On the Search side, the 
growth rates were obviously higher than they've been earlier in Q10 on a quarter-to-quarter basis. In this segment, five 
points of revenue growth is $10 million. It's just not a huge sum of money and so I think I've always said that, the 
growth rates are going to jump around. I don't think it's a turning point or an inflection and this is the new normal of the 
high 20s percent growth rate. That would be very tough to sustain. 

On the other hand, I don't think there was, I know there wasn't any one time item or unusual effects, it was the quarter 
where across all our principle brands and lines both on the proprietary side and the network side, we just had good 
execution in a favorable environment. It was largely volume led, new partners coming in on the distributed toolbar side, 
new products being launched on the proprietary side. 

Good, starting to see some revenue contribution from the CityGrid business as well. And so it's just, when things are 
working right, you can get that kind of quarter, there's nothing unusual, on the other hand, I don't think it's necessarily a 
turning point or a new normal? 

<A - Gregory R. Blatt, Chief Executive Officer>: On Match margins, I will confess to you that in my two years 
running Match, the only time I ever thought about margin was on these earnings call. So it's certainly not the way we 
run the businesses. Particularly, because the nature of our business is such that every marketing dollar we spend it is 
actually negative to margin in the current period. So there's always this trade-off between spending on marketing and 
your margin in a given period. 

That said, I think that barring discrete marketing initiatives like we're marketing in Brazil, we could theoretically 
increase that market, that would have a negative impact on margin, same in some of the other international territories. 
But in our core businesses, we've got enough efficiencies going forward that I think the margin improvement you've 
seen this year will continue, barring discrete activities by our own hand, which would be new product marketing 
investments and clearly new territory marketing investments. 

In terms of, OkCupid and Singlesnet, it's certainly true that if given the choice between having a consumer sign up for 
Match and giving us X dollars a month and sign up for OkCupid and giving us X cents per months we'd rather have 
them do Match. But it's not the way we're orchestrating the strategy around it. I mean, we really do believe that these 
are not in general trade-offs and that people in different stages of their life at different moments want and are willing to 
do different things. And while I think there will be some cross-selling efforts and some other things, I don't expect – 
we're not looking at it as a traffic acquisition play for our subscription sites. 

We think this is an important part of the portfolio going forward that meets a specific need. And we think there will be 
synergies from it, frankly both ways. We may well, send people who come into some of our paid sites and are not 
willing to pay back down in the other direction. So we think there's a mutually beneficial ecosystem that we're 
developing there. 

<Q - Ross Sandler>: Great. Thanks, guys. 

<A - Gregory R. Blatt, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman>: Next question, please. 

Operator 

Next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney from Citigroup. Your line is open. 


<Q - Mark Mahaney>: Two questions. On the Search segment operating margins, is it scale and other factors that 
have finally brought those margins backup to a multi-year high. And do you extrapolate from this and assume that 
those margins can slide north from here? 

And then secondly on the ServiceMagic business that 2% year-over-year declines in service requests seems, maybe it 
seems odd given where we are in the economic cycle. Do you think that will be starting to pick back up perhaps or 
maybe it's a tough comps issue. Is it a concern or not, do you need to do anything to address that into a re-accel or have 
those service requests grow next year or this year? Thank you. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Chief Financial Officer, and Executive Vice President>: Mark, the Search margins it's 
funny, you could almost echo Greg's comments on the Match side. I mean it's the kind of business where as long as 
you're reasonably, tightly controlling your operating expenses which we do. And obviously via the restructuring at Ask 
lowered them going forward as part of that action. Then as long as you're getting good revenue growth you can't help 
but see some margin opportunity. 

So I do think that there is margin opportunity. We don't organize around it in the sense that we're always looking for 
products to invest in new marketing channels to open, spend the marginal dollar which will yield positive earnings. 
We're mostly focused on OIBA growth as opposed to a percentage margin. But that said, when you get the revenue 
growth in these businesses you tend to see margin lift. And I think that dynamic is intact. 

On the ServiceMagic side, I guess I'd say a couple of things, one is I would not overly focus on the 2% SR decline in 
the quarter. This is a lead generation business at its core where you're bringing lots of consumers into the funnel, you're 
matching them up with service providers at price points and making revenue off of that, it's a whole economic equation. 
And what we really focus on is what's revenue growth less the marketing spend that we're putting out to try and drive 
those customers into the funnel. That number was up 10% in the quarter. So I don't think there was a negative switch in 
the ServiceMagic in Q4 versus the rest of the year. 

That said, the business has clearly not turned. I think it's very consistent what we've said throughout 2010 which is 
we've leveled out and we're working very hard to improve it in a very difficult environment but we're not yet ready to 
call a turn or a much more benign environment. 

<Q - Mark Mahaney>: Thank you, Tom. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Chief Financial Officer, and Executive Vice President>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jeetil Patel from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. 

<Q - Jeetil J. Patel>: Hey guys a couple of questions. First of all I guess for Greg, obviously you've come in and 
looked at the business not just from this Match and personal standpoint but broadly. I guess maybe some thoughts 
about where you're spending incremental time as you look at 2011 in terms of growth potential opportunity, improving 
upon the business operations and the opportunity set. 

Second, can you talk about Match and how it stacks up in the world of social media. Is that an issue since we've heard 
from some investors that that's been a bit of concern of theirs. Just maybe elaborate of how you fit into the broader 
framework of social media and Facebook? And then I have a quick housekeeping question. 

<A - Gregory R. Blatt, Chief Executive Officer>: I look at the business obviously the Personals business and the 
Search business are the two big engines driving earnings right now. And my big objective there is to not get in the way 
of current momentum but to make sure that we're pulling all the levers necessary to sustain that momentum long term. 
And we've got good management there and I'm working with them but I would say no revolution happening there. 


We then have what I'd call a number of, what I call unvalued options within IAC, CityGrid being one of them, Vimeo 
being one of them and ServiceMagic to some extent being one of them. Businesses that aren't significant contributors at 
the moment but that I think have the potential to be major asset value contributors down the road. I think there what 
we're trying to do is work with management, assess the opportunity, assess the right levels of investment and make sure 
that we're playing big enough and that's very much in place. 

I think broader what I'd like to see is – I was at Match for two years, we pursued a strategy which I call it my scrabble 
strategy, which is you build off the board and we had Match, we saw opportunity that was adjacent to it. We didn't 
make big sideways leaps but we through I think a series of relatively small but smart value creating acquisitions, we 
were able to build and create value in a way that others wouldn't have been able to do. And I think one of the things I'm 
focused on is trying to align management and our structures and organizations to be looking at those things as well as 
driving their near term results. So I think that's really my primary focus at the moment. 

In terms of Match and social media, I mean there is a lot of talk right now but some of these apps out there, and I won't 
mention any of them by name but you've got to be very careful of the numbers that you see. These apps tout their users 
but they use tactics that Match wouldn't use ever and that Facebook, many of them probably violate Facebook rules. 
And my instinct is that if you asked, 70% to 80% of the people who they tout as users, whether they were users of these 
apps, they wouldn't even know what the apps were, because they engaged in these viral adventures, these quizzes that 
suck people in and it makes them members without them even knowing it. I think you really got to dig deep beyond 
these stats that are out there. 

And what's more, these guys are buying traffic. If you go on Facebook, as a 42-year-old single male, interested in 
women, that's the one experience I can tell you about precisely you'll see these ads all over the place. And basically 
what's happening is we've seen for years, people come into Facebook, they spend heavily for a few months and then it 
doesn't pay out. And then there's a new group who comes in and pays heavily in it. I just worry about everything 
because that's my job but I don't think there is any evidence whatsoever that there are people out there making 
decisions about, I want to date. I'm going to use one of these apps as opposed to using Match or one of our other sites, 
which is very different than OkCupid, which is a real site, it delivers a real consumer experience for daters. 

And it's a real I think long-term sustained player in this area. So I don't really think about it, Match is very involved in 
social media, we're one of the biggest advertisers on it. You probably know Facebook has made true virality, true viral 
growth, much more difficult on Facebook than it was two or three years ago. And I think frankly in that world, we're 
actually better positioned than most to play on it long-term. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Chief Financial Officer, and Executive Vice President>: I think, Jeetil, you had one 
housekeeping question, you said. 

<Q - Jeetil J. Patel>: Yeah. Did the Liberty transaction prohibit you from buying back stocks in the quarter? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Chief Financial Officer, and Executive Vice President>: No, I don't think so. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman>: No. And I just had one thing, which wasn't mentioned, which is our investments in 
Media. Which is something obviously, directly involved in and interested in. And while it doesn't take and hasn't taken 
big investment, not to say that if there was an opportunity we wouldn't be up for it. But we have with Electus and with 
CollegeHumor and its development. 

We're making up a lot of progress building a – I'd say new age production and distribution entity in these various 
program forms, some digital some not. It's not a big contributor, it doesn't, it takes some cash, but relatively little, I 
think last year total investment was what Tom, did you say? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Chief Financial Officer, and Executive Vice President>: Single digit millions of 
dollars. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman>: Yeah. For all of the activities. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Chief Financial Officer, and Executive Vice President>: Yeah. Yeah. 


<A - Barry Diller, Chairman>: So it's not a cash drain and it's – but it's something that we're going to continue to 
build and if we're successful, it will become a real part of the company. So I just wanted to add that. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Chief Financial Officer, and Executive Vice President>: Next question, please. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jason Helfstein from Oppenheimer & Company. Your line is open. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Thanks. Two questions. The first on CityGrid, the second on share buybacks. So you guys 
referenced improvements at CityGrid and saying it's a whole different ball game from two years ago. And given that 
we've really seen a lot more attention in the local advertising space with obviously with Google-Groupon and we've 
seen pretty significant run ups in other publicly traded stocks that are local plays or will have put a deal mechanism in 
place. 

So how do you think CityGrid fits into that, do you expect to put more resources behind that to pursue that? Or 
secondly, would you consider selling that to somebody who wants the value that sales force knows the advertiser 
relationships more than the market does? 

And then secondly on buybacks, if you add up to the amount of the stock you repurchased this year it was about $900 
million? It was obviously pretty significant. But you're still sitting on a lot of cash. How shall we think about buybacks, 
and the magnitude of buybacks going forward? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory R. Blatt, Chief Executive Officer>: On the CityGrid, this is a business that I would probably guess, if it 
were not part of IAC, it would be getting a far bigger valuation based on the sort of environment that you're talking 
about. But within us at this moment in time, it's not getting the attention. We're playing for something big here. We 
think there's a real chance this comes out of the pack. It's doing different things in Groupon and some of the others. But 
it's trying to be the best at delivering real content-rich advertising for merchants and getting them the best 
responsiveness and we think that so far it's going great. And we're working on scaling it right now and continuing to 
optimize it. 

Our hope is that it comes out of the next few months, really singing. It hasn't really contributed much to us financially 
yet but it's starting to as we hit 2011, although not that's the measure by which we will judge it in the coming months. 
It's really about creating asset value that fits in with that the general environment that you're talking about. And in terms 
of resources it's getting what it needs. It's certainly not resource constrained. You've got to build these networks and 
you've got to balance all sides of it. It's not just about going fast, it's about getting it right and we feel very good about 
where we are at the moment. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman>: On stock buybacks, as I think, you know historically we don't really predict it. It's not 
in our interest. We've been buyers of our stock for a very long period of time opportunistically. We have, as the figures 
show, bought back a great deal and we will probably seek to continue to strength the company's capitalization 
opportunistically. But we will talk about it as we always do, which is we will tell you when the quarter just passed, 
what we have purchased and we don't predict the future. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Just a quick follow-up. Can you disclose how many sales people CityGrid has today? Or and 
how that compares to maybe two years ago? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Chief Financial Officer, and Executive Vice President>: Yeah. It's got a few dozen 
direct sales but the model of CityGrid is very much focused on is being an ad network where it's working with major 
resellers. So it works for example with the major digital yellow page, yellow page digital arms. And lots of other 
people that have been local sales forces. So that the strategy we pursued was not to try to build a multi-hundred even 
thousand plus feet on the ground sales force, because we thought that was a too long and too difficult proposition but to 
work with all the people that already have those sales forces on the ground and take their advertisers into our network 
and distribute those ads as Greg said content-rich, with their own content augmentation, either on our own properties or 


on a publisher network that's now 300 plus. 

It's something in essence a local advertising network that is an alternative to Google. It's something nobody else has 
and if you talk to people in the local space and we talk to everybody. I think everybody will tell you it's a very good 
idea and a very big opportunity. It certainly is like all networks. You guys – Greg said, you have to work on both sides 
of it and it's tough to get it there but the rewards are very rich if you do. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Thank you. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Chief Financial Officer, and Executive Vice President>: Thank you. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman>: Next question, please. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Brian Fitzgerald from UBS. Your line is open. 

<Q - Brian Fitzgerald>: Thanks guys. Maybe a follow-up to Jason's question. And something both Greg and Tom you 
talked to. We've seen your working with Yext in conjunction with CityGrid and you're allowing these local businesses 
to add marketing messages or promos or special offers to the listing info that shows throughout CityGrid. Any and I 
know it's early days, but any color in terms of traction or interest around that particular partnership? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Chief Financial Officer, and Executive Vice President>: I can't speak to it the details 
of Yext specifically other than I know they – we're scaling with them. I think it's off of a low base, it's not a big partner 
for us today. But it's something, they have a pretty unique product in the local space. And I think we are optimistic we 
can grow our business with it. 

I think more generally what you're describing in hundreds of permutations is a good example of what we're trying to 
do. Where we're mixing and matching our content, content from our reseller partners, content that may be third party 
sourced. And importantly calls to action whether it is a deal, print a menu, make a phone call. Anything that would 
allow it an advertiser to see the proverbial loop being closed i.e. the consumer took action which means they very much 
engaged with the ad and then distributing that all over the Web. 

It's a highly valuable form of advertising and when you think about it it's much more rich than simple blue links. I think 
this is where local is going generally not just us but others. We've got a good head start in building this network. 
Obviously there is hundreds of competitors playing lots of different angles but nobody mapping the network dynamic 
on both sides of the equation that we are. 

<Q - Brian Fitzgerald>: Great. Thanks. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Chief Financial Officer, and Executive Vice President>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And your next question comes from the line of John Blackledge from Credit Suisse. Your line is open. John 
Blackledge, your line is open. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Chief Financial Officer, and Executive Vice President>: Why don't we go to the next 
question operator? 

Operator 

Next question comes from Douglas Anmuth from Barclays Capital. Your line is open. 


<Q - Douglas Anmuth>: Hey thanks for taking the questions. Just wanted to ask two things. First, Greg, I was hoping 
you could just comment on the online dating competitive landscape. And maybe just more so from the sort of pure play 
perspective from the companies that you've been competing with there for several years. And curious to get your sense 
on what the overall market might be growing in that space and obviously just sort of how much you're taking share 
there in your opinion? 

And then secondly, I know this comes up all the time now obviously with the transition to mobile. But how are toolbars 

– how is this business going to migrate as more searches are going online? You've got Yahoo! for example, have said 
that 20% of their searches overall are coming from mobile. As that happens, how does it impact toolbars? Thanks. 
<A - Gregory R. Blatt, Chief Executive Officer>: The competitive landscape is a hard one, because we're really the 
only major player that is public and touts numbers. And frankly, many of our competitors sure tout numbers that I think 
are tough to parse through and really get a sense of what they really mean underneath, because they're not subject to 
SEC scrutiny of honesty. So it's hard for me to know. You see lots of numbers. 

We're growing. We also see lots of competition still in the space, I would say. You look at the television airwaves and 
there are a lot of people coming in spending dollars. So I think it's still vibrant. There are always at any given moment 
winners and losers and I see people sort of doing a little better and doing a little worse. 

But I don't see any significant change in the intensity of the competition we're facing from the traditional players, both 
new and old. And then obviously there are lots of people coming in with "new models" trying to come around. So I 
think it's a very competitive space. We're growing, I think the category's growing. It's very hard for me to tell you at 
what pace the overall category is growing. 

In terms of toolbars and mobile, I think we compete in a number of different ways. I think one of the big aspects of our 
toolbars is they are the way we monetize a number of products. And I think as mobile adoption and tablet adoption 
comes, we're going to be monetizing those products in different ways. Micro payments is a big one, subscriptions is a 
big one, both of which are much easier in the mobile and tablet landscape where there are built-in payment mechanisms 
and everything. 

So I think that evolution will happen over time. I think we'll adapt with it. I think, as that happens, you'll see that 
facilitating a revenue mix shift from Search in a bunch of our products to these other forms. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Chief Financial Officer, and Executive Vice President>: I'd just add that I think it's far 
from conclusive that as Search and those types of devices grows that it's cannibalistic of the alternative. I mean, there's 
a good case, it could be incremental as you're walking around town or in a different part of your house or whatever it 
may be. We certainly haven't seen any evidence as you can see from our results that it's cannibalistic. So it may just 
grow the pie. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman>: Next question, please. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Kerry Rice from Wedbush Securities. Your line is open. 

<Q - Kerry Rice>: Thanks. Tom, I was hoping that maybe you can help me walk back through. You obviously give 
adjusted EPS in the press release, but as you mentioned earlier, you had numerous one-time items and you mentioned 
the restructuring in Ask. If we think about kind of an apple-to-apples comparison, what other one-time items do we 
need to back out if we want to compare this to last year's adjusted EPS? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Chief Financial Officer, and Executive Vice President>: Well. Let's see, I'm not sure 
I'll be able to give this in precision on the call, but we had $14.8 million of restructuring and transaction expenses, that 
was the combination of the Ask charge, I think I mentioned that in my script of $9.6 million. And then we had a little 
over $5 million of transaction expenses, related to the Liberty transaction and that would have hit the adjusted EPS 
figure on a – not fully tax affected, because some of those items are not deductible. So the $14.8 probably translates to 


$11 million, divided by the share count would have been the add-back there. 

I think, in addition to that, we had a $4.5 million write-down of a financial investment we had in connection with our 
ServiceMagic business, and those would be the principal ones that were affecting adjusted EPS. So when you do all 
that you'll get – because of the share count reduction as a result of the buybacks and things like that, you're going to get 
adjusted EPS growth that's, I think, exceeds, in fact, the OIBA growth for the quarter. But we can work with you 
off-line on that if you want to go through it in detail. 

<Q - Kerry Rice>: Okay. And then, a clarification, but maybe looking forward a little bit, thinking about the different 
segments and OIBA levels. I mean obviously with the add back of $9.6 million restructuring, as you mentioned earlier, 
OIBA for Search was higher than it has been in a while. 

Is that a new level that we should expect going forward, especially with what we're seeing with the toolbar growth? Or 
should we see that come back down and I don't know if you can highlight similarly with the Media & Other and the 
core as you have those one-time items, what we should expect from OIBA? 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman>: I suggest maybe you do this off-line. 

<Q - Kerry Rice>: Okay. And then – okay, one final question then. You mentioned social media, I think you guys are 
also doing some work or kind of experimenting with content farms, or doing some of that. Can you talk a little bit about 
what you're doing there? 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman>: I don't know what you're -


<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Chief Financial Officer, and Executive Vice President>: Yeah. We're not sure what 
you're referring to. Pronto? 

<Q - Kerry Rice>: Yes. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Chief Financial Officer, and Executive Vice President>: We have a nascent effort as 
part of a growth initiative in our Pronto shopping search business to try and – we have a particular take I guess I'd call 
it on the, let's call it the demand model since we all know what we're talking about. But this is small and nascent, it 
doesn't rise at all to a level of this conversation for the moment. Obviously, if there's something there we'll scale it and 
talk about it, but it's a little experiment we have going on. 

<Q - Kerry Rice>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman>: Thank you. Next call please – next question, please. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Mark May from Needham & Company. Your line is open. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman>: How many calls – question. 

Operator 

Mark May, your line is open. 

<A - Barry Diller, Chairman>: I think just do one more question. 

Operator 

Okay, your last question comes from the line of Jim Friedland from Cowen & Company. Your line is open. 


<Q - Jim Friedland>: Thanks. Just a couple of housekeeping questions. On corporate overhead, that's been trending 
down if we adjust out some of the one-time items over the past couple years. Should we expect that trend to continue? 
And then on tax rate and working capital, you guys have been generating cash, a nice amount of cash from working 
capital over the past couple of years and it seems like it may be due to tax benefits. Do you expect that trend to 
continue and can you give us an idea of what a normalized cash tax rate might look like this year? Thanks. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney, Chief Financial Officer, and Executive Vice President>: Yes, I think we're in the 
mid-50s on corporate. I don't think it's for the moment, there may be future opportunities. But for the moment not 
trending down further off of that normalized or adjusted rate you referred to in '10, I think it should be flattish. 

The cash tax is – on working capital, the dynamics of the working capital business are, Search is essentially a zero 
working cap business and Match is essentially a positive working cap business, since you get paid in advance of 
revenue recognition. So I think those trends will generally sustain themselves whether it's to the magnitude and in any 
given quarter they can vary, but nothing's fundamentally changed there. 

And on the tax side, it's the hardest to predict because you get into timing of various deduction items and things like 
that. I think in the trailing eight quarters we generated free cash flow which exceeded our OIBA cumulatively by a 
good amount. I don't think that's a normal state of affairs going forward. On the other hand, I think it'll be well less than 
a 35% to 40% statutory rate. So maybe somewhere in between 75% to 80% free cash flow to OIBA type ratio with 
movements in any given quarter. 

<Q - Jim Friedland>: Okay. That's really helpful. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Gregory R. Blatt, Chief Executive Officer>: You're welcome. 

Barry Diller, Chairman 

All right. Well, thank you all. And we will see you next quarter when we'll report the beginnings of this year. And we 
thank you for your attention. Good day. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


