Q1 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Thomas J. McInerney 
• Barry Diller 
• Gregory R. Blatt 
Other Participants 

• Jason S. Helfstein 
• Ross Sandler 
• Mark S. Mahaney 
• Jeetil Patel 
• Brian Fitzgerald 
• John Blackledge 
• Justin Post MBA, CPA 
• Clayton F. Moran 
• Kerry Rice CPA, MBA 
• Ingrid Chung 
• Jim Friedland MBA 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Adrian and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the IAC first quarter earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. 
After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. 

Tom McInerney, CFO, you may begin your conference. 

Thomas J. McInerney 

Thank you, operator, and everyone for joining us this morning for our first quarter 2011 earnings call. Barry and Greg 
will make some brief remarks after which I'll come back and then we'll go to Q&A. 

But first, I will remind you that during this call we may discuss our outlook for future performance. These 
forward-looking statements typically are proceeded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate or similar 
statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and our actual results could differ 
materially from the views expressed today. 

Some of these risks have been set forth in our Q1 2011 press release and our periodic reports filed with the SEC. We'll 
also discuss certain non-GAAP measures and I refer you our press release in the Investor Relations section of our 
website for all comparable GAAP measures and full reconciliations. 

With that, I'll turn it to Barry. 


Barry Diller 

Thank you, Tom. Tom and our new CEO, Mr. Blatt are going to take you through the developments in the last quarter. 
I just thought I would really do a couple of things at the beginning and one is, is that, is to just tell you all how pleased 
we are about our new Google extension, so to speak, for five years. We – it took up a good part of the quarter and I just 
think it is worth pointing out that three years ago when we announced the five year deal that started then, we said that 
we thought it would have a value of about $3.5 billion over the five years. We think this deal will have a value of over 
$5.5 billion over the five years. 

So it's, obviously, significant to us. It's also – just tells you all in addition to what you normally know about the Internet 
just the sheer size and growth of Internet and Internet-related businesses. I mean, it's hard to think about or it's hard to 
grasp just the size of it. I mean, we're the seventh largest network in the world – 342 million unique viewers a month, 
but 800 billion views a month. I mean, that's just extraordinary when you think about it. So for us to be in these 
businesses that are related to what this Internet industry is becoming is a good indication of why we feel pretty good 
about things at the moment and for the future. 

So with that, is it you Greg that begins? Please do so. 

Gregory R. Blatt 

Thanks, Barry. Good morning everybody. A few things before turning it over to Tom and then getting to questions. 
First as Barry mentioned, the Google extension. That really was our number one priority when I took over. We felt 
good about our Google relationship, but knew that it would become a drag as time went on. And we really wanted to 
take that off the table. And having done that, we feel great about our product innovation in this business, our marketing 
expertise, and really the flexible approach that we have to working with our distribution partners and think it gives us a 
real advantage in the broad and growing area of Search without having to fight up the guts of the bigger players. And 
we think there's a lot of room in what we do to continue to grow this business well into the future. 

We also think that there are additional ways to monetize many of the products in this business beyond Search. We 
know that as people begin to shift to tablets to mobile, et cetera; the willingness to pay for digital products through 
virtual goods, micro transactions, et cetera is really growing. 

We think a lot of our products are really well-suited to that. It's going to be a long process, and it will take some time, 
but we think with the Search monetizing sewn up, we can take what has been tinkering up to now and really put a focus 
on it and we think over the medium and long-term, we think that can be a great thing for this business. 

The second thing I wanted to call out is Match. Q1 was our third, maybe fourth straight quarter of strong organic and 
reported growth. And we really expect that growth to continue. The view that this is a mature category, a slow and 
steady grower, which I still hear from time-to-time, is just inconsistent with everything we know and the way we think 
about this business. 

I think we've shown that strong growth in this business comes with good execution. We know that younger generations 
are doing online everything and not thinking twice about it, and that younger generation is now getting older. 

The older demographics are catching up to the younger in terms of their willingness to use the Internet, and adoption 
generally. So category penetration is still really relatively low even if the potential audience is getting larger. 

One way or the other, people are going to continue to meet each other online for as far as we can see and that's really 
the way we define this business, satisfying that need of people meeting each other online. 

We used to do it just through Match until really a couple years ago; but we've realized that the category was much 
bigger than that. If people wanted to meet people in different ways at different times, and we now offer over 30 
domestic services in this category – some broad-based, some narrowly tailored, but each very different in terms of the 
experience that it offers. Mobile, video, other technologies are only starting to – what I perceive as turbo charging the 


effectiveness of these services and that those technologies and that increased effectiveness will spur further category 
growth. 

Over the remainder of this year alone, we're planning on launching new services organically in both the mobile and 
social spaces as well as continue to roll out new features and technologies across our existing businesses. 

We're committed to this area. We've got a lot of differentiating expertise, and we really feel that our clear leadership 
position continue to provide operational advantages as we run our existing businesses, launch new ones and acquire 
targeted companies that continue to expand this portfolio. 

Third thing I wanted to point out is that we just hired a new CEO for ServiceMagic. Now we've been looking for some 
time and are pleased to welcome Chris Terrill back into the fold. He's a Match alumni and was most recently Chief 
Marketing Officer and EVP of Ecommerce at Nutrisystems (sic) [Nutrisystem]. 

We're pleased with the performance of ServiceMagic business during the period of economic headwinds and 
investment that we've just gone through, but I think what's going to make this business really sing is when we can 
create a tighter relationship with the consumer in a way to increase his lifetime values and word-of-mouth marketing 
such that margins really start to expand and we think Chris is going to be a real help here. So we're looking forward to 
making real progress there over the next year. 

Finally, the balance sheet. As I know some of you noticed, we didn't buy stock this quarter. Given the conversations we 
had ongoing with Google for the entire period, we weren't able to do so. We're not saving up to do something big and 
stupid; we just legally didn't feel comfortable doing it. But nothing has changed that relates to our view of our balance 
sheet, buybacks, acquisitions et cetera. We've bought back tons of stock over the last two years, and this quarter we 
weren't able to buy any, simple as that. Tom? 

Thomas J. McInerney 

Thanks. I will spend just a couple of seconds on some supplemental information and then we'll go to Q&A. In Search 
we – as you see the figure, we continue to see very strong top and bottom line growth across our principle activities, so 
proprietary toolbars, B2B toolbars, destination sites and CityGrid all contributed strong revenue and profit growth. 

The margin performance was terrific. So much so that at this point we are expecting margins to be sequentially down in 
this segment in Q2 and closer to the year ago Q2 levels. We're still forecasting good year-on-year OIBA growth and 
margin growth, but the timing of certain expenses and other quarter-to-quarter effects will likely lead it to us not seeing 
the margin lift in Q2 that we saw in Q1. But all in all, we expect continued strong results in this business. In Match, 
you'll note that we have disclosed additional details reflecting the many brands and activities that comprise this 
segment. 

As discussed in the past, our core operations include Match.com U.S., Chemistry.com, and the People Media sites, 
while developing includes OkCupid, Singlesnet, certain mobile-only products and our international operations. We're 
doing this just to isolate the subscriber and revenue growth of the core operations which drives substantially all the 
current profit without the exacerbating or mitigating effects of earlier-stage experimental or just plain different types of 
activities. 

With that in mind, let's turn to the results which to a large degree have become repetitive. Overall Match had another 
very strong quarter again, led by the core operations. Operationally, we continue to execute well. And as a result are 
able to lever our cost structure, while achieving very good revenue growth. In fact, we saw our highest Q1 margins in 
nearly 10 years. In part, reflecting the deferral of some marketing expense until later in the year as we roll out new 
products. So for the balance of the year we don't expect to see this type of year-over-year margin improvement. 

As we've said countless times, we don't run the business for margins, especially not quarter-to-quarter. Certainly, we'd 
expect margins up for the full year assuming continued strong revenue growth, although the quarterly results will 
bounced around a bit as we make marketing timing and other decisions that are right for the business. 


And finally ServiceMagic, which despite some continued macroeconomic headwinds, saw revenue grow 10% and 
OIBA improve 46%. While we're not willing to call the turn just yet, our investments are bearing fruit. We're 
improving our marketing efficiencies and with our new CEO in place look forward to the next chapter. 

With that, operator, let's get to questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Jason Helfstein from Oppenheimer. Your line is open. 

<Q - Jason S. Helfstein>: Thanks, so two question on Match. So the first fundamental question, so this quarter we saw 
revenue grow slower than ARPU, just looking at that core revenue number, then that could have been driven either by 
lower ARPU of the timing of sub adds, and so can you talk about the balance between driving sub-growth and growing 
margins. I think in the past you've talked about offering discounts for longer term membership plans, which is more 
profitable over the long-term because you save on marketing, but then they report a lower ARUP. So kind of just talk 
about the balance there between kind of revenue growth and profit growth? 

And then second question, Barry, can you talk about how you think about maximizing the asset value of each operating 
business? And then in the context of Expedia announcing the spin-off of Travelocity, could we see an IPO of Match 
over time? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory R. Blatt>: Yeah. On the first question, revenue, sub-growth is a forward indicator of revenue growth 
because the sub number that we report is a quarter end sub number, so revenue at any given quarter and sub-growth in 
any given quarter can diverge. So I think that if you look forward, the sub-growth number that we project tends to be a 
good indicator of revenue going forward. 

On the ARPU side, you've got a variety of businesses in there and they're very different price points. The People Media 
businesses are different price points than the Match business. And the Chemistry business is a different price point than 
the other two. 

So I think it's very hard as mix sometimes shifts around to really back into those ARPU numbers. I can tell you that I 
don't believe that on any of our products we are sacrificing in any meaningful way pricing for duration or growth; 
although, frankly, we would if we thought that was a good way to grow profit long-term. You know, we don't really 
think about the business that way. But to date, we have not done that, so I think if you look business by business, the 
ARPU is not coming down for mix shift. 

<A - Barry Diller>: All right. On a general question, Expedia TripAdvisor split was a discrete transaction, and I 
probably am the king of spin-offs I guess, with now six, seven or so rolling, but I would not anticipate the spin-off of 
Match. We talked about all sorts of things, but I think that the, that Match is such a good asset for this company, and 
growing so well and we have lots of other businesses that also have good growth. And I think it would be – I just 
wouldn't think it would make any sense today. Now you know, tomorrow, the next day can always change, and I am 
always up for such a discussion, but I don't know, Greg, how do you feel? 

<A - Gregory R. Blatt>: Yeah no, I think that's right. I think we – I see us as a collection of assets. We intend to 
always to realize value on them, and we'll do it whatever way necessary over time. Right now we'd like to be realizing 
it within our stock and we feel confident that we can. And that said, we evaluate as Barry said, everything all the time, 
so there are certainly no plans to do so that are being formulated or that you would expect to see in the future. 

<Q - Jason S. Helfstein>: Thank you. 

<A - Barry Diller>: Next question. 


Operator 

The next question comes from the line of Ross Sandler from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. 

<Q - Ross Sandler>: Thanks, guys. I have two quick questions on Search and ServiceMagic and then a quick one on 
housekeeping for Tom. So first on Search, can you give us some examples of what some of these 30 new toolbar 
products are, and can you help us better understand the unit economics in the toolbar business? For example, is the 
lifetime value and customer acquisition metrics different if a toolbar is in – say the social media space or the sports 
space or another area? 

And then second, on ServiceMagic, can you just elaborate a little bit on what the new team is going to do differently 
and how that's going to potentially impact the model and you noted lower marketing expenses in domestic in the first 
quarter at ServiceMagic. What was driving that trend? 

<A - Gregory R. Blatt>: Yeah, on the new products in Search, just a couple examples. One is this thing called the 
Guffins which effectively allows people to adopt virtual pets and take care of the pets. And you get this product and 
you download it and with it comes a toolbar, and that is something I put in the sort of a classic, sort of Mindspark 
product like Zwinky, like Webfetti that sort of animal. And we've also launched a number of sort of toolbar specific 
products like FilmFanatic and Daily Bible Guide, which are toolbars that build into them functionality that allow 
people to quickly access certain information that is specific to a point of interest of theirs, and that also carries with it 
the regular Search toolbar. So we're developing things like that all the time. They are – tend to be in the category of fun 
things that are sort of relatively lighthearted. People take them, they use them, and the trick is how long do they keep 
them and that's really what we're focused on. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney>: And on your second question in terms of unit economics, we don't disclose the details 
of that, I think it's kind of the essence of proprietary in that business if you will, but I'll make the kind of the following 
observations. On the consumer side, obviously, given that it's kind of the nature of the Web, how quickly hardware 
platforms change, people upgrade browsers, upgrade their hardware, et cetera. The lion's share of the economic value 
of the consumer toolbar we get on someone's desktop is in the first year and then for a whole variety of reasons, that 
can be lost. However, some can go out, you know the tail on that could be multiple years. But the principal part of the 
economic value is in the first year, we probably spend about a third of the revenue expected from that toolbar to drive 
it, download on the consumer side. 

And the economics don't change that much given the nature of the product or at least not in a predictable way. There's 
some random variations, but it's not that certain types of toolbars perform so differently than others categorically. I 
think marketing channels can make a difference. Certainly domestic are more valuable than international. So there's a 
whole series of equations in there. And I think one of our very core competencies built up over many, many years, 
many years, is knowing the statistics on all of this stuff and obviously they are ever-changing, but – and using that to 
our advantage. 

On the ServiceMagic side, the Q1 marketing, Q1 marketing was down for a couple of reasons. One is we had a $3 
million TV spend in the prior year quarter which was a bit of a test, that did not repeat, we had a little bit of radio but 
less than $1 million in the current quarter. We also were doing some SCM optimization. I think I've talked about that 
before, in this particular case we were looking at long tail buy, and there was some affiliate reshuffling. So I'd call it a – 
kind of resource allocation, a bunch of tactical, nothing strategic. And we've long said that the best way to think about 
the kind of growth in that business is not strictly SRs, service requests, or revenue but kind of the net contribution 
dollars we get from revenue less those consumer marketing. In this quarter that was up 14% year-over-year, which is 
the best quarter we've had in quite a while. 

So we're not screaming up and down jumping for joy yet, there's still some headwinds on the mix side and some other 
things. But the business is better, solidly better and obviously that's – as Greg alluded to, Chris Terrill the new CEO 
will be spending a lot of time on that marketing and consumer side of the house when he comes in. 


<Q - Ross Sandler>: Okay and Tom the quick housekeeping question was, the accounts payable line was a little bit of 
a drag on operating cash flow in 1Q versus last year. Can you just tell us what was going on in that line that created the 
drag? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney>: Well, it's business-by-business. But overall I'd say not that much. I mean, free cash flow 
was – as you can see in the release, $46 million rounded against OIBA of $60 million. So kind of – obviously, the free 
cash flow being an after tax figure. So we're pretty pleased with that conversion. There may have been some timing 
items at some of the businesses, nothing that's systemic or we would expect to drag on free cash flow for the entirety of 
the year or anything like that. 

<Q - Ross Sandler>: Great. Thanks, guys. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney>: Thanks. Next question, please. 

Operator 

Next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney from Citi. Your line is open. 

<Q - Mark S. Mahaney>: Thanks. Two questions. First, when you talk about the value of the Google deal being in 
excess of $5 billion. Could you provide any of the inputs into that? Like how do you come up with that number? 

And then secondly, on ServiceMagic and the new CEO, it's a little unclear. Do you – is this a signal of a major change, 
signal of an incremental change? How much flexibility will the new CEO have to come in and change things as he sees 
fit? Thanks. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney>: Yeah, on the Google estimate and Barry mentioned, I think it's – look, it's meant to be 
indicative of the aggregate size, not kind of a guidance number or precise number. The $3.5 billion we estimated when 
we did the last deal, we were three years into this deal. And given the growth in that segment, which you see reported 
quarter after quarter and most recently well in excess of 20%, I think it makes sense that we're expecting a much bigger 
number over the next five years. If you take kind of the run rate we're at now to that figure, you're going to get at some 
sort of double-digit growth rate, but it's not intended as a precise estimate other than, it's expected to generate a lot of 
revenue, be very important to us obviously, but also to Google and make us a major player in this, and continue to be a 
major player in this space. 

<A - Barry Diller>: And one of the reasons I mentioned it is because when we said three years ago, $3.5 billion there 
was a lot of skepticism. People said, oh come on, you're just, out of a hat throwing a number out there. Where do you 
get that this is going to generate that kind of revenue? And we said it knowing pretty much that it was a floor not a – by 
any – a stretch. And so I guess what I wanted to do partly is to say we were hardly overly exuberant about the first 
transaction or the first period with Google. And as Tom said, it's of course, not exact. You can't project five years in 
advance of life; but it just shows you, I think everybody, that in fact this is a significant transaction for the company – a 
significant relationship. Both I think it's significant for Google, as Tom said and significant for us. 

<A - Gregory R. Blatt>: With respect to ServiceMagic, I mean Chris is coming in. He's the CEO, so he has lots of 
latitude to figure out where the business ought to go. That said, I don't see it as call for revolution. The business is solid. 
He's done a really good job doing lots of things. I think we all went out to get Chris because we thought there were 
areas that could be improved. A business like that can always continue to be optimized. I think that's an area that's done 
very well. As I mentioned, I think his consumer sensibilities and product sensibilities are going to be a big lift to the 
business. And so I don't expect revolution, but he certainly has latitude to take this business where it ought to go, both 
directly and adjacently and we're excited to see as he gets into it how his plans develop. 

<Q - Mark S. Mahaney>: Thank you guys. 

<A - Barry Diller>: And the context is so much bigger, than we've really been able to master and ServiceMagic has 
established itself and yet has no – particularly no brand name. 


<A - Gregory R. Blatt>: It's a great concept. It has been able to put a lot of moat between itself and anyone else who 
wants to take that concept, so there's a great building block there. We think that with some consumers' use and some 
other optimization, we think that it has the ability to really break through. 

<A - Barry Diller>: To be a big, big business. 

<A - Gregory R. Blatt>: That's right, that's our hope and as Barry said, there is also with that comes adjacencies in 
other areas that we haven't gone after. So we know it's a big space, we think we've got a good foundation, and we'll see. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney>: Next question, please. 

Operator 

Next question comes from the line of Jeetil Patel from Deutsche Bank Securities. Your line is open. 

<Q - Jeetil Patel>: Thanks a lot. Great quarter, guys. Two questions; one, going back to the Search relationship – that 
$5.5 billion over five years. I guess when you kind of look broadly at that relationship, does that also encompass 
mobile and other initiatives that you're not currently kind of executing upon today incrementally and maybe some ideas 
of where that would maybe perhaps lead you in terms of incremental opportunity on that $5.5 billion that you're 
looking at over the next couple of years? 

Second, you've had quite a bit of success and quite a bit of great consistency in executing in the subscription-based 
business and personals. I guess is there an opportunity to expand on this in terms of creating new subscription offers 
outside of personals or maybe making some small inroads or acquisitions or partnerships that really leverages your core 
understanding of that marketplace? 

<A - Gregory R. Blatt>: On the $5.5 billion, that is the Google relationship, and that is a Search-based business only. 
And we don't currently in any meaningful way, I think, monetize the Google relationship through Search. When we talk 
about – when I mentioned the ability to sort of get into mobile and other areas and other revenue streams, those other 
revenue streams would not be through the Google contract. The Google contract is Search-based advertising and I was 
highlighting the fact that there are other opportunities beyond that. With respect to subscription 


<A - Barry Diller>: By the way, one thing just on that. I just noticed in looking at stats that in the short – like in this 
year, the past year, we've had 49 million, I think, close to 50 million apps downloaded across all of the IAC properties 
downloaded in terms of the apps have been downloaded onto various mobile devices. That's pretty substantial. 

<A - Gregory R. Blatt>: Absolutely. On the subscription side, the short answer is yes. Absolutely we do feel that 
we've got a real core competency in online subscription-based businesses. It's an area that we tend to – that we intend to 
evaluate further in terms of ways to expand that as an adjacency to the personals business although not in that category 
necessarily. Additionally, we do have others subscription businesses. And we've got Vimeo, for instance, which is a 
great business. It's a business in the media and other category that we think has real potential to become a real valuable 
asset for IAC and that is a subscription-based business. We are starting to share more competence and expertise from 
the Match businesses into that area, and I think the subscription-based businesses are going to continue to expand 
online, and we think that we've got a good template for driving them. So I think that could be an area of expansion for 
us going forward. 

<Q - Jeetil Patel>: Would you say that mobile and social right now are in kind of that – kind of distribution build out 
mode of adding more users, more downloads, and then eventually it will become much more of a cross-marketing and 
monetization potential maybe sometime in '12, or do you think it's later on this year? 

<A - Gregory R. Blatt>: Well, I think it's very business by business, so which – do you mean in the personal space in 
particular or in the Search space or what? 

<Q - Jeetil Patel>: Obviously, you have stuff like Dictionary from a download standpoint, so in probably more Search 
right now. 


<A - Gregory R. Blatt>: I think – yeah, I would say that in some of our businesses adoption of mobile is outpacing 
monetization. I would say that is, certainly true in Dictionary and some of our personals businesses, et cetera. I think in 
some of our businesses like Match, it's actually great monetization and we get full subscription and conversion is great 
and everything else so I think it's a wide spectrum. Different products have to pursue different types of monetization on 
mobile. I think mobile is, obviously, years behind the Internet in terms of figuring out the best way to monetize certain 
experiences, but I think Barry's point is we're getting out there. We're making head roads even if monetization hasn't 
caught up yet and it will. And we're not waiting for it to, that's an area of investment across the business. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney>: Just one addition, one place where we're getting both good adoption and good 
monetization albeit still below web levels is on CityGrid, where both on our proprietary site, or proprietary business, 
Urbanspoon which is obviously great proprietary mobile audience as well as via the CityGrid publisher network, the 
mobile publishers are a big piece of what CityGrid is offering to its own advertisers and its resellers' advertisers. So 
again, not quite at web levels pound-for-pound, but meaningful and becoming increasingly meaningful. 

<A - Gregory R. Blatt>: Back to Match for a second because I think it's a good example is – we've got, I think the 
number in Q1 was approximately 30% of all of our paying subscribers are accessing the service off of mobile. 

<A - Barry Diller>: That's amazing. 

<A - Gregory R. Blatt>: That's huge. 

<A - Barry Diller>: That's amazing. 

<A - Gregory R. Blatt>: And in terms of new customer acquisition, I think we're acquiring about 10+% of new 
customers through mobile channels. So and these are full paying customers, these are full subscription. So, we know 
it's coming, we're developing products in front of modernization, but the modernization will come. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney>: Next question, please. 

Operator 

The next question comes from a line of Brian Fitzgerald from UBS. Your line is open. 

<Q - Brian Fitzgerald>: Thanks, guys. A quick question with respect to the Newsweek JV, have you been able to gain 
any leverage in terms of operational dynamics, maybe driving better traffic to your other properties off of there, or 
many ancillary benefits, better monetization, ability to cross-sell advertising within and without that JV? 

And then on the – following up on this apps kind of thread we're moving down, do you have any further traffic details 
out on those apps? And then maybe to what extent do you leverage Google and AdMob into those apps, or is it more 
proprietary type of stuff? Thanks. 

<A - Barry Diller>: On Newsweek we've really just begun. We're in our probably sixth issue – weekly issue. But it's 
interesting – apropos the last comments. One of the things that clearly we have to – we now have the benefit of and it's 
– and it is a clear benefit, is we are using the Daily Beast, the Internet property, to sell subscriptions to the hard, card – 
book, Newsweek magazine. And as we go, I think there are lots of things that can develop out of this. 

The strategy, of course, is – first we're integrating two completely disparate organizations into one journalistic 
enterprise, the Beast Newsweek that has, essentially, probably the only place in journalism where it has an original – 
probably the -certainly the first, original news site being the Beast, which was not an aggregator but predominantly 
original journalism, which is the first time anybody did that on the Internet as a pure standalone product. So we have 
that real experience. And then we've got this old revered book in Newsweek that we're going to infuse with this 
sensibility, so – but it's really just beginning. And there's nothing much to report there, and won't be for probably six to 
nine months. 


<A - Thomas J. McInerney>: Yeah, and on the app side, I'm not sure exactly what you're referring to – Barry gave 
you some statistics earlier, a couple other data points. I mean, Dictionary has had 29 million, I think, cumulative 
downloads on its site; Urbanspoon has 14 million uniques, I think was the latest statistic I saw. So Greg mentioned the 
Match statistic. So it's really across the businesses where we're starting to get some substantial audience. 

<A - Gregory R. Blatt>: Also in terms of Google, I mean AdMob is a great network. I know some of our services 
monetize through AdMob, others acquire customers through AdMob. But there's no master agreement with Google that 
centralizes our mobile monetization or customer acquisition. I think right now, again, because these businesses – these 
mobile products are generally such extensions of their core products that each business is sort of finding its own way 
and different things are working for different businesses. 

<Q - Brian Fitzgerald>: Thanks, guys. Appreciate it. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney>: Thanks. Next question please. 

Operator 

Next question comes from the line of John Blackledge from Credit Suisse. Your line is open. 

<Q - John Blackledge>: Thanks for taking the questions. Two things, first on Match, you mentioned potential 
acquisitions. Just wondering where you think we are at in terms of consolidation in the online personal space 
domestically and globally in your view of the current asset mix and online personals for IAC. And then secondly on the 
Google deal, just a couple follow-ups; did IAC have the option to renegotiate the deal or were both parties interested in 
renegotiating the deal sooner rather than later? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory R. Blatt>: On Match, when I hear the word consolidation, I cringe because consolidation has a 
connotation. I think the only deal domestically that we've done that I would call consolidation was maybe Singlesnet. 
Everything else you're getting a different product that appeals to different people and I view it more as expansion than 
consolidation. I think – is consolidation possible? Yes. But it's certainly not a focus of ours. I think there continue to be 
new products that are rolling out that offer new things that I think are expanding the category and expanding the 
audience domestically. And I think I don't have anything particular in mind, but I am sure things will come. It's been a 
great space for us in that area. 

I think internationally, you have to go market-by-market. I mean there are markets like Latin America where we have a 
JV, but that was – again, I don't think of it as consolidation it was a strategic partnership to try and tackle the space. 
And I think right there, you're so nascent that – I don't see much M&A activity there. Internationally, maybe more in 
the form of investments in certain emerging markets. So I think there will be M&A activity in the form of investments 
and acquisitions, but nothing that I would call consolidation in the near-term. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney>: Just to echo that, everything is in a sense offensive, right? 

<A - Gregory R. Blatt>: That's right. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney>: We don't feel there is any must do, need to do, protect to do transaction. So we have the 
luxury if it makes sense, we'll do it. And if not, we won't. 

<A - Gregory R. Blatt>: Yeah, we have yet to do an acquisition – the merger in Europe, I guess you could 
consolidation. But in general domestically we've not been going after costs or synergies or anything. We have been 
finding businesses that we think have real growth potential and we've been getting them. In terms of Google, you 
know, it was just a negotiation. It made sense for us. We wanted to negotiate early and take this off the path on and 
they were happy to accept. 

<Q - John Blackledge>: That's great. Thanks. Great, quarter. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney>: Thanks. Next question, please. 


Operator 

Next question comes from the line of Justin Post from Merrill Lynch. Your line is open. 

<Q - Justin Post MBA, CPA>: Thanks. Just a few questions. Greg, can you talk about just Match. I mean do you see 
this as a real interesting social play, and are you seeing the engagement and activity on this site really increase, I don't 
know if you measure that internally and maybe your thoughts on the market opportunity for Match subscribers, if you 
have any thoughts there? 

<A - Gregory R. Blatt>: Yeah. I think – I don't know if engagement – look, each site is different. In general, I think 
new technologies are coming, new features that are going to increase engagement. I really think there's a wave coming 
in the next sort of 6 to 12 months that will start to change that. I think the category is broad so I think that a Match.com 
subscriber acts very differently than an OkCupid subscriber and very differently than a, I don't know, Chemistry.com 
subscriber. They are different products, they're different experiences. They involve different engagements. I think 
mobile is driving increased engagement. So people who are using their mobile device are coming back more and it's 
facilitating a different type of behavior. I think technology will continue to change that. I think – so I think it's more 
about growing the audience in the near-term and then I think technology will change engagement over the longer term. 

I'm sorry, what was the...? 

<Q - Justin Post MBA, CPA>: Market opportunity. 

<A - Gregory R. Blatt>: Market opportunity. I mean I think you look at this, and again, I touched on it in my initial 
remarks. People are more and more doing this. And you look at the older demographic is absolutely... 

<A - Barry Diller>: What is it they're more and more doing? 

<A - Gregory R. Blatt>: More and more meeting people online. 

<A - Barry Diller>: I thought we were talking about people's interrelations with each other. 

<A - Gregory R. Blatt>: No, no, no. People's willingness. People's ability and willingness to meet online is changing 
fundamentally. Just again, five years ago putting up a profile was a real bar to online dating, but with the ubiquity of 
social networks, that's gone. So everybody is used to putting up profiles. The ability to suck in all the data from 
Facebook and otherwise and just pre-populate profiles is just eliminating the barriers to entry. And as again the younger 
demographics sort of who grew up doing everything online, I mean, they don't even know what a CD is, they don't buy 
CDs, they download. Everything that one used to do offline they now do online and meeting is very much a part of that. 

Conversely on the other side of the funnel you've got the more – the older demographic. Very much doing it, often 
being driven by their children to engage in this – and our growth in that category has been huge. And I just don't see it 
changing. I think people – more and more are doing it, and doing it more and more often and all the stats bear that out. 

<A - Barry Diller>: Unless people stop doing it. 

<A - Gregory R. Blatt>: Well, people can stop doing it. 

<A - Barry Diller>: I'm clearly joking. 

<A - Gregory R. Blatt>: I forget what the final question was. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney>: I think that was it. 

<Q - Justin Post MBA, CPA>: That's it. A question for Tom, a follow-up. You said organic growth in Match was 
17% I believe in Q4. And you said core was 22% this quarter. Are those comparable numbers? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney>: Very close. The only piece that's in the organic figure that's not in the core figure are 
some of our smaller international markets, so I think the figures are generally comparable. 


<A - Gregory R. Blatt>: But the reason we broke it out this way is because they're generally comparable right now but 
somewhat by accident, which is the developing category has certain businesses, certain markets, for instance, that we 
service just to the MSN deal that are on decline and we don't put money into them and we'll acquire and develop new 
businesses that will fall into the developing categories. What we want to do is try and keep the core separate where 
almost by definition that can't change unless we change it to show real comparability and growth in the business that is 
driving the core economics of the business. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney>: And core subs were up 21% in Q1, to the 22% in Q2, so basically very consistent 
quarter to quarter, strong numbers in both quarters. 

<Q - Justin Post MBA, CPA>: Got it. And then one question for I don't know maybe Tom or Greg. But organic 
Search really accelerated – or Search really accelerated in the first half of last year. And I think you were adding 
partners. Should we worry at all that you're going to comp one of these big partner ads and the growth rate could slow 
down? Is there any comp issues we should think about as you go forward this year? Thanks. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney>: Well, I'd say it this way. There's no big partner, there's no lump, there's no one thing or 
obviously we'd call it out for you. Obviously, we've had a string of kind of 20+% top line growth quarter after quarter. 
We've never tried to say we think that's sustainable indefinitely, so the comps get harder. You know, the longer you do 
that, the comps get harder by definition and when you think about our strategy and Search which is really kind of 
multiple orders – oars in the water, be it the consumer side, the B2B side, the destination sites, to grow off of that, you 
obviously have lots of activity across lots of marketing channels, product development et cetera. So I think in general 
the comps get harder, but there's no one big lump sum and traction right now and momentum is good. 

<Q - Justin Post MBA, CPA>: Great, I appreciate it. Thank you. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney>: Thank you. Next question, please. 

Operator 

Next question comes from the line of Clay Moran from Benchmark Company. Your line is open. 

<Q - Clayton F. Moran>: Good morning, a question on Search and then on Match. In Search, can you give us a sense 
of the percentage of Search revenue from destination sites versus toolbars? And then along the lines of that last 
question, can you give us a sense of the concentration of the toolbar revenues with the top products? And then over on 
Match, I'm not sure I got what the organic subscriber growth was year-over-year. Can you give us that? And are you 
including Yahoo! Personals in that and if so, could you break out the effect of Yahoo! Personals? 

<A - Gregory R. Blatt>: Sure. On the first question, just directionally the toolbar side is probably roughly half of 
revenue. You have CityGrid in that segment, which is roughly 10%, and the rest is a combination of destination Search 
sites, which would include things like Dictionary, Ask and then a couple smaller nascent efforts we have going. You 
want to take the Match question? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney>: Yeah, organic sub growth I think this quarter was 21% versus core's 22%. So they are 
very similar. Although, again, that may be as much accidental as anything else, so I'm not sure that they will track 
going forward. In terms of Yahoo!, Yahoo! is included in organic. We're not going to continue to break it out. It's 
comparable to what it's been in the prior quarters. But again, it's really not an acquisition. It's just a source of traffic. 
We pay for it like we do everything else. I will tell you that today the aggregate subs that we get from Yahoo!, MSN, 
and AOL is a lot less than what we used to get from MSN and AOL years ago. So we have sources of traffic that come 
and they go and we've got a long-term deal with Yahoo!, but we're paying for every sub that we get and if Yahoo! 
somehow went away, we'd put that money somewhere else. So I don't think it makes sense for us to continue to break 
that out. But again, it's generally comparable to what it's been in the past. 

<Q - Clayton F. Moran>: Okay and any commentary around the concentration of the toolbar revenues within the top 
products? 


<A - Thomas J. McInerney>: Yeah it's reasonably balanced because we have the B2C side and the B2B side, as well 
as the destination sites which we already talked about. So there are, certainly, on the B2B side there is more 
concentration and certainly there is a handful that if we lost they would impact results but there is absolutely nothing 
that would kind of devastated results or be huge. You're talking about kind of single-digit numbers, mid-single digit 
numbers at the largest as a percentage of the overall segment. And by the way, that's on the revenue side, because we 
share a very healthy cut of that revenue with those partners, it's probably an even lower percentage on the profit side. 
So we work hard to keep them, but there is no single big risk. 

<Q - Clayton F. Moran>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney>: Thank you. Next question, please? 

Operator 

Next question comes from the line of Kerry Rice from Wedbush. Your line is open. 

<Q - Kerry Rice CPA, MBA>: Thanks. Two quick questions, one on CityGrid. Can you talk of little more about that 
business? It seems like it's really starting to gain some traction there and obviously there's a lot of popularity in the 
local area these days and just curious what you guys are doing there beyond mobile, which you mentioned earlier. And 
then the second question is related to OkCupid. More of an advertising model versus a subscription. So as we think 
about the developing revenue, can you talk at all about that business and kind of the impact on that or maybe what you 
think about OkCupid as future growth there? 

<A - Gregory R. Blatt>: Tom and I will tag team on CityGrid and then I'll take Match. I think from a stepped-back 
perspective what CityGrid has become is a network, and its primary objective is to effectively deliver better content in 
the local space to publishers and effectively have the content act as advertising even though it acts as advertising 
economically but as content from a consumer perspective. 

And we're doing a lot on the technology side, a lot on the partnership side and our goal is to have the best product out 
there at doing – at delivering premium local content that acts better for the merchants than the advertising itself. Now in 
that, you have the network, so you've got to be constantly calibrating the in and outs on both sides – viewers, 
advertising dollars, et cetera. And that's sort of the nuts and bolts of it, but it's a heavy technology play, we're working 
on it hard and we're really excited about its ability to do something fundamentally different. In terms of the progress we 
made this quarter and sort of what you expect near-term, Tom? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney>: Yeah. I think economically it's playing out the way we'd hoped. We knew this was 
never a, kind of an easy proposition, which would just kind of soar without tons of work, but we're kind of laying the 
bricks, brick by brick. So on the reseller side, these tend to be relationships with major sellers of local advertising, the 
IYPs, the SEM, and other local marketing agencies such as a ReachLocal and a Yodle, as well as anybody else that is 
selling local advertising, I know we announced a partnership with CBS for example. 

And we bring those on kind of one by one. They are complicated, technical integrations making their feeds talk to our 
system, making the APIs connect, cleansing data, matching them, and the whole goal is to match their thousands of 
advertisers in each case with our content and then push it out to our hundred plush publisher networks. So it's tough, 
complicated work that kind of requires each quarter a lot of heavy lifting; but it's working. It's working economically 
and we have a material number of resellers that now are contributing. 

I think we paid over 125 publishers at least something in the quarter, which is a sign of the breadth of the distribution. 
And we expect continued progress and that the effort is indicative, we think, at the end of the day of something that will 
be very good and very defensible as well. So it won't go in a straight line but we're on schedule with where we'd hope 
to be. 

<A - Gregory R. Blatt>: In terms of OkCupid, that's a great site, but a very small contributor at the moment to 
developing. Ad revenue driven it is low revenue, but high-margin, and I think, hopefully, in the quarters to come it will 


start to contribute and probably more to the bottom line of developing than the top line, but in first quarter I think we've 
only even included it for two months, so it's really not noticeable in the current numbers. And hopefully, it will become 
more so over the quarters to come. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney>: Next question, please. 

Operator 

Next question comes from the line of Ingrid Chung from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 

<Q - Ingrid Chung>: Thanks. Good morning, so I have two questions. The first one is on Match. Greg, you've 
highlighted the mobile opportunity and the huge growth for Match on the mobile platform. Could you talk about the 
use case for Match on mobile? Is it about location or time of day et cetera? And then are there certain Match properties 
that do better on mobile than others? 

My second question is on Search. The toolbar's business, what proportion of your toolbar's business is outside the U.S.? 
And if the majority is in the U.S., is it correct to assume that a material number of the homes in the U.S. have multiple 
toolbars? 

<A - Gregory R. Blatt>: I think I'm on the Match side the use case, it's pretty compelling when you're on an online 
dating service to check your matches, to check your emails, to check et cetera. Just like in many other things, the 
mobile adoption and the fact that we've pushed out a high-quality mobile product to all of – basically on all of the 
major platforms for the Match.com U.S. business just enables subscribers to go there more often. 

So in general, it's a higher engagement, you go back and you look at it. At the same time, it's harder to write your essay 
on your mobile phone so the use switches a little bit. On the Match product, it's not heavily local-based at the moment, 
meaning we have certain location-based features. We've enabled some. We haven't others. We are sort of plotting our 
way through to see what works for that business. 

I can tell you that some other much more heavily focused location-based products are on their way out the door. And I 
will see what kind of adoption location-based drives. I think it's going to tend to be a younger demographic. It's going 
to be a different use case than the classic sort of Match.com subscriber, but that's what we're going for. So I think 
different products will highlight different things. Also, we have simply invested far more on the Match site. So Match 
has complete coverage, the other businesses are somewhat behind. It takes some real investment to develop these 
mobile products platform by platform, and that's underway. Tom on...? 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney>: Yes, on the Mindspark side Ingrid the majority – a big majority of the toolbars 
themselves are international, but when it comes to revenue, it's flipped. So when you hear kind of the statistics we've 
quoted before, I think roughly 100 million active toolbars, the substantial majority of those are overseas but the 
domestic count on that is a minority of that even though that's where most of the revenue and profit comes. It's just the 
differences in the monetization rates. And so I don't have the exact statistics handy on what percentage have more than 
one, but when we've looked at the statistics, you still have a substantial percentage of people that either have none or 
only one and there is demonstrated use of multiple toolbars, and they're also, as I said earlier, always cycling. So it's 
kind of periodic consumption. Just because somebody has the Google toolbar or a Yahoo! toolbar or one of our toolbars 
for that matter doesn't mean they're not in the market for either a second toolbar or third toolbar, or a first toolbar 
because they made some change to their system or change to their hardware or whatever it may be. 

<Q - Ingrid Chung>: Okay. Great. Thanks, Tom and Greg. 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney>: Thank you. I think – why don't we do a couple more? 

<A - Barry Diller>: Yes, I think it's enough – we've been on – I mean, not if you want to go on forever or keep going 
but... 

<A - Thomas J. McInerney>: Next question? 


Operator 

Okay the next question comes from the line of Jim Friedland from Cowen & Company. Your line is open. 

<Q - Jim Friedland MBA>: On the Media and Other category, the revenues came in higher than we would have 
expected given that you'd be consolidated with Beast and just what seasonal trends have been. Is there anything that 
stood out particularly in the quarter, you called out a number of different assets. Was it driven by the better economy, 
or is it specific assets starting to ramp? And then on the losses side, you think that for the remainder of the year on an 
OIBA basis you will be roughly at that break even or are you still net investing money in these businesses? 

<A - Gregory R. Blatt>: You know, on the revenue side there's a handful of pieces. But honestly, nothing I'd call out. I 
don't think it's telling we have nascent stuff in there and I don't think there's anything telling in there that is kind of 
indicative of a breakout overall of either that business or the collection of businesses in that segment. 

I think the loss for the quarter, which was $3.4 million, we had one month of The Daily Beast consolidated in there, so 
that helps in the future, but there may be some other puts and takes. So I think you'll see some kind of net investing in 
that segment along the magnitude of where we are for quarters two and three. And then there is some seasonal uplift 
just like we saw last year in Q4. I think there were some charges which offset that in last year, but there's a little bit of 
seasonal uplift in Q4. But this will be kind of a series of discrete decisions. I don't expect any major changes up or 
down at this point. 

<Q - Jim Friedland MBA>: Okay great. Thank you. 

Gregory R. Blatt 

Thank you. Thank you for joining us everybody today. We appreciate your time. And we look forward to speaking with 
you next quarter. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


