Q2 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Peter J. Fromen, Senior Director, Investor Relations 
• Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Christian Henry 
• Christopher Henry 
Other Participants 

• Ross Muken 
• Doug Schenkel 
• Tycho Peterson 
• Marshall Urist 
• Derik De Bruin 
• Quintin Lai 
• Jonathan Groberg 
• Dan Leonard 
• C. Anthony Butler 
• Paul Knight 
• Amit Bhalla 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2010 Illumina Incorporated Earnings Conference 
call. My name is Regina and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] 

I would now like to turn your conference over to your host for today, Mr. Peter Fromen, Senior Director of Investor 
Relations. Mr. Fromen, you may begin. 

Peter J. Fromen, Senior Director, Investor Relations 

Thanks, Regina. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to our second quarter 2010 earnings call. During the call, we 
will review our financial results released today and offer commentary on our commercial activity, after which we will 
host a question-and-answer session. If you have not had a chance to review the earnings release, it can be found in the 
Investor Relations section of our website at illumina.com. 

Presenting for Illumina today will be Jay Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Christian Henry, Senior 
Vice President and General Manager, Life Sciences and Chief Financial Officer. This call is being recorded and the 
audio portion will be archived in the Investor section of our website. 

It is our intent that all forward-looking statements regarding our expected financial results and commercial activity 
made during today's call be protected under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking 
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual events or results may differ materially from those projected or 
discussed. All forward-looking statements are based upon current information available and Illumina assumes no 


obligation to update these statements. To better understand the risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ, 
we refer you to the documents that Illumina files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including Forms 10-Q 
and 10-K. 

Before I turn the call over to Christian, I want to let you know that we will participate in the Morgan Stanley Global 
Healthcare Conference in New York on September 13 and 14; and UBS Global Life Sciences Conference on 
September 21 and 22 also in New York. For those of you unable to attend any of the upcoming conferences, we 
encourage you to listen to the webcast presentations which will be available through the Investor Relations section of 
our website. 

With that, I'll now turn the call over to Christian. 

<<Christian Henry, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and 

General Manager, Life Sciences Business Unit>> 

Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. During today's call, I'll review our second quarter 
financial results and update our guidance for the remainder of the year. Jay will then provide an update of our 
commercial progress and the state of our business and markets. 

In the second quarter, we recorded 212 million in total revenue. This represents growth of 31% over the second quarter 
of last year. Product revenue was 199 million, growing 30% over the prior year period, led by significant growth in our 
sequencing products. Our Microarray business also grew relative to Q2, 2009 and was up sequentially for the third 
consecutive quarter. Consumable revenue for the quarter was 126 million compared to 97 million in Q2 of 2009. We 
saw strong demand for both sequencing and microarray consumables resulting in year-over-year growth of 30%. 
Annualized consumable pull-through per sequencing system was at the high end of our projected range of 150 to 200K 
per system. Additionally, across our install base of microarray scanners, annualized consumable pull-through was 
above our targeted range of 400 to 500K per system. 

Total instrument revenue for the quarter was 70 million, up 30% compared to 54 million in the second quarter of last 
year, and up 22% compared to 57 million last year. In both cases, the growth in instrument revenue is attributable to the 
success of the HiSeq 2000. HiSeq demand has vastly exceeded our initial expectations. To meet this demand, we 
significantly increased our production in the second quarter, exceeding our original unit goals. In addition, we intend to 
increase the number of HiSeqs produced by more than 50% in the third quarter. 

The growth in sequencing instrument revenue was slightly offset by microarray instrument revenue which declined 
year-over-year and sequentially from a strong Q1. Even though revenue was down sequentially, orders for microarray 
instrumentation were up strongly, both sequentially and year-over-year. 

Services and other revenue, which includes genotyping and sequencing services, as well as instrument maintenance 
contracts was 13 million compared to 8 million in Q2 of last year. The primary driver of the year-over-year growth was 
the increase in maintenance contracts associated with our growing install base of sequencing systems. 

Before discussing our gross margins and operating expenses for the quarter, I would like to note that we recorded a 
pre-tax amount of $17 million related to non-cash stock-based compensation. This impacted our EPS by a tax-adjusted 
amount of $0.08 per pro forma diluted share for the quarter. I want to remind you that we now include this expense in 
our presentation of pro forma net income and earnings per share. However, in our discussion of gross margin, operating 
expenses and operating margin, I will highlight both our GAAP expenses, which include stock compensation expense 
and other non-cash charges, and the corresponding non-GAAP figures. I encourage you to review the GAAP 
reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures included in today's earnings release. 

Total cost of revenue for the quarter was 66 million, compared to 50 million in Q2 of 2009. The Q2 2010 cost includes 
stock-based comp expense of 1.4 million, compared to 1.3 million in the prior-year period. Excluding this expense and 

1.6 million associated with the amortization of intangibles, non-GAAP gross margin was 70.3%. This compares to 
70.3% last quarter and 70.6% in the second quarter of 2009. As we indicated in January, we expect gross margins to 
temporarily decline in the second half as we ship HiSeq systems through our Genome Analyzer trade-in programs. 

Before moving to operating expenses, I'd like to note that our financial results include two months of Helixis operating 
expenses. Research and development expenses were 44 million, compared to 33 million in the comparable period of 
2009 and include 6 million and 5 million respectively in non-cash stock compensation expense. Excluding stock 
compensation expense and 0.9 million of accrued contingent compensation in both periods, R&D expenses were 36.7 
million, or 17.3% of revenue, compared to 27.2 million, or 16.8% of revenue in the prior-year period, and 36.8 million, 
or 19.2% of revenue, in the first quarter of this year. 

SG&A expenses were 54 million, compared to 42 million in the second quarter of 2009, including stock compensation 
expense of 9.4 million and 8.6 million respectively. Excluding stock compensation expense and $0.5 million of 
acquisition-related expenses in the second quarter SG&A was 43.8 million or 20.6% of revenue, compared to 33 
million, or 20.6% of revenue in the prior-year period. The absolute increase in SG&A expense is primarily due to 
increased head count and legal expenses. Relative to the first quarter, non-GAAP SG&A expense increased by 
approximately 3 million, primarily due to increased head count. 

GAAP operating profit for the second quarter was 47 million. Excluding the expenses outlined earlier and 1.3 million 
of acquired IPR&D, our non-GAAP operating profit for the quarter was 68.6 million or 32.4% of revenue compared to 
54 million or 33.2% of revenue in the second quarter of last year. GAAP interest and other expense in the second 
quarter included approximately 5.2 million in non-cash interest expense associated with our outstanding convertible 
debt offset by a $2.9 million gain on the acquisition of Helixis. Excluding these amounts, pro forma interest and other 
income was 1.3 million, which includes approximately 0.5 million of net foreign currency transaction gains due to the 
revaluation of monetary assets outside the United States. 

Our non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 35.3% compared to 35.1% last quarter. The primary reason our Q2 tax rate 
was higher than our expected annualized rate is the delay in passage of the U.S. R&D tax credit which we continue to 
expect to be passed and retroactively applied later this year. Also contributing to the increase in the effective tax rate 
was an increase in earnings and higher tax jurisdictions which we expect to impact us for the remainder of this year. 

We reported GAAP net income of $30 million or $0.21 per diluted share compared to net income of 25 million or 
$0.18 per diluted share in the prior-year period. Excluding non-cash interest expense and the other items identified in 
our press release and net of pro forma tax expense, non-GAAP net income was 34 million or $0.26 per pro forma 
diluted share compared to 29 million or $0.22 per pro forma diluted share in the second quarter of 2009. 

In the second quarter, we generated 75 million in cash flow from operations. We used approximately 13 million for the 
capital expenditures resulting in $62 million in free cash flow. This compares to 25 million in free cash flow in the 
second quarter of last year. Q2 free cash flow benefited from strong collections during the quarter, which also helped 
lower our DSO to 64 days, down from 74 days last quarter and 87 days in Q2 of last year. 

Inventory balances increased to approximately 119 million related primarily to the scale up of HiSeq instrument 
manufacturing. Depreciation and amortization expenses for the quarter were approximately 10.2 million. We ended the 
quarter with approximately 785 million in cash and investments. 

As a result of our strong cash flow performance in the second quarter and our cash flow outlook for the remainder of 
the year, the board of directors has approved a $200 million stock buyback program. Under the program 100 million 
will be used to repurchase stock on a regular basis under a 10b5-1 trading plan. It is expected that trading for this plan 
will begin in August. The remaining 100 million will be used to repurchase stock at management's discretion during the 
company's open trading windows. 

I'm also excited to report that early in the second quarter we acquired Helixis, a developer of high performance, low 
cost Real-Time PCR technology for 70 million in cash and up to 35 million in contingent consideration payments based 
on the achievement of certain revenue-based milestones through December 31, 2011. The fair value of consideration 
for the acquisition at the closing date was 86.7 million including 70 million in cash net of 2.6 million of cash acquired 
and 14.1 million for the fair value of contingent consideration payments. Under the acquisition method of accounting, 
the company allocated $58 million to goodwill and 28 million to identifiable intangible assets that will be amortized 
over a period of 10 years. Jay will provide more comments on Helixis in his remarks. 


Now I'll provide updated guidance for 2010. As you're aware we've moved away from providing quarterly guidance 
and now only provide annual guidance. As a reminder, our guidance includes non-cash stock based comp expense in 
our discussion of net income and the corresponding per share amounts. Consistent with our previous calls, guidance 
will exclude certain non-cash charges including charges associated with non-cash interest expense on our convertible 
debt, the amortization of intangibles and acquisition-related charges. For additional details please refer to the table in 
our earnings release that reconciles our non-GAAP guidance to the related GAAP figures. Additionally, this guidance 
includes the impact of Helixis' ongoing operations on our financial statements. 

We now expect total revenues for 2010 to grow by approximately 28%. We expect to recognize a significant number of 
HiSeq instruments associated with trade-in programs in the third and fourth quarter, which will cause gross margins to 
be in the mid 60s for the second half of the year. We expect full year gross margin percentage to be in the mid to high 
60s. We expect non-GAAP earnings per share to be between $0.93 and $1.00 which includes the dilution associated 
with the acquisition of Helixis. This assumes pro forma fully diluted weighted average shares outstanding of 
approximately 136 million. We anticipate the full year pro forma tax rate to be approximately 35% as we generate more 
income in higher tax regions than previously forecasted. We expect to incur stock compensation expense of 
approximately 72 million or a tax adjusted amount of $0.34 per fully diluted pro forma share. 

At this point, I'd like to turn the call over to Jay for some remarks on our commercial activity during the quarter before 
we begin the Q&A session. Jay? 

Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us today. I'm extremely pleased with our operational and financial 
results for the second quarter. By nearly every measure, our performance during the quarter was outstanding. We grew 
revenue 31% year-over-year with very strong demand for our sequencing products and a return to growth in our 
Microarray business. Excluding the large BGI order in Q4, orders were a record and backlog remains at an all-time 
high, growing sequentially by 20%. The HiSeq launch has gone extremely well, as we exceeded our initial shipment 
targets and continue to scale manufacturing to meet demand. 

Strong gross margins and prudent expense control enabled us to deliver operating margins of 32.4%, well above our 
long-term model. Good balance sheet management and improved receivable collections allowed us to recognize $0.47 
per share of free cash flow or growth of over 140% from Q2 of '09. Year-to-date, free cash flow per share is only $0.12 
shy of what we recognized for all of last year. 

From a geographic perspective, we saw strong year-over-year revenue growth in all major regions. All territories also 
grew on a sequential basis with the exception of Japan, which tends to be seasonally soft in Q2. Europe delivered the 
largest contribution -- largest dollar contribution to our Q2 growth. So as the numbers indicate, this is an exceptional 
quarter for the company. 

Total Q2 revenue in our Microarray business grew sequentially for the third quarter in a row and also grew over the 
second quarter of the last year. We're seeing encouraging uptake of our Omni family of whole-genome arrays as they 
comprise the largest component of our Microarray shipments. Total whole-genome array shipments grew sequentially 
from Q1, but declined year-over-year due to a single large order in the second quarter of 2009. 

In June, we began shipping the Omni2.5-Quad, a four-sample BeadChip that contains 2.5 million markers per sample. 
This BeadChip is the next installment in our 2010 GWAS roadmap that enables our customers to access the rare variant 
content discovered in the 1000 Genomes Project. We saw strong initial demand and order uptake for the Omni2.5 in 
addition to our new Infinium multi-use sample prep kits. These new kits enable Omni customers to prep their samples 
only once and preserve them for use with supplemental arrays launched in the roadmap. A majority of customers that 
have ordered the Omni2.5 have also purchased these multi-use sample prep kits, indicating their intent to integrate 
future supplemental arrays and additional rare variant content into their studies. 


Total array consumables grew both sequentially and on a year-over-year basis. Growth was driven by strong demand 
for our focused content arrays such as the immuno and the bovine SNP chips, including our new BovineHD chip which 
we launched in first quarter. We also saw year-over-year and sequential growth in our custom arrays led by our 
standard iSelect product, in addition to our VeraCode consumables that run on the BeadXpress platform. 

Despite a sequential and year-over-year decline in array instrument shipments, we saw strong order growth largely 
driven by demand for our new HiScan and HiScanSQ systems which we began shipping in late Q2. Two-thirds of the 
demand for the HiScanSQ is from customers new to Illumina, including university-affiliated hospitals, small- and 
mid-sized core labs, and ag-based customers. 

As a reminder, the HiScanSQ is what we formally called Harmonia, and is the only product on the market that can scan 
high complexity microarrays and perform-next generation sequencing on the same platform, a characteristic that we 
believe will be highly compelling to the market. While demand has been robust for HiScan, the system shares many 
common components with HiSeq. As such, we expect manufacturing constraints to limit our ability to ship the HiScan 
in volume through the end of the third quarter. 

During Q2, we received 510(k) market clearance on the BeadXpress platform for an in-vitro diagnostic use with a 
Factor II and Factor V assay. These assays were perfect to support the FDA approval process, but are not products that 
we currently plan to market. These approvals are an important step in Illumina's diagnostic strategy and we believe that 
it demonstrates our ability to meet the stringent regulatory requirements in designing and manufacturing FDA cleared 
in-vitro diagnostic device. 510(k) clearance is an important foundation for our diagnostic strategy as it paves the way 
for internal content development programs and also enables opportunities for our clinical and commercial partners to 
pursue their own diagnostic content on the platform. 

I'm sure many of you have followed the events at the FDA with respect to the direct-to-consumer market for 
genotyping. During the quarter, we met with the FDA to discuss the regulatory framework for DTC Genotyping and we 
intend to fully comply with the FDA's guidance. It should be noted, however, that the revenue we generate from the 
sale of arrays to this market is currently immaterial. As Christian mentioned earlier, during the quarter, we completed 
the acquisition of Helixis, a company that's developed a low cost Real-Time PCR technology initially focused on the 
research market. 

Today, we launch the Eco system, which has been designed to deliver high performance quantitative PCR applications 
with a compact footprint at a very low cost to the individual researcher. In fact, the U.S. list price is $13,900, which is 
approximately a quarter of the price of systems in the market with comparable performance. We believe the 
combination of performance features and market disruptive pricing make this a system ideal for personal use in the 
laboratory. The platform is complementary to the BeadXpress system as it will enable us to more cost effectively 
address the market below a complexity of 96 markers. 

Initially, the Eco system will run most commercially available qPCR assays but over time, we expect to leverage our 
assay development expertise to bring proprietary consumable kits to the markets specifically designed for the Eco 
system. As these products come to market, I look forward to sharing information about them with you. We've been 
working through the integration of Helixis since the beginning of May and we'll begin shipping the Eco product 
commercially next month. In conjunction with the acquisition, Helixis' CEO, Alex Dickinson, has joined Illumina as 
SVP of PCR Solutions. I'm happy to welcome Alex and the Helixis team to Illumina. 

Turning now to our Sequencing business, we had another outstanding quarter. Total Sequencing revenue grew by over 
50% as we saw very strong demand for the HiSeq 2000. This trend indicates the breadth of the market opportunity for 
HiSeq as more customers than anticipated are opting for HiSeq over the Genome Analyzer, assuming they have the 
funds to support the higher purchase price. 

As a result of our success in rapidly scale in manufacturing, we've shipped over 100 HiSeqs for revenue since we 
commenced shipment in early March. This represents the fastest instrument scale up in the company's history than the 
most complex product that we've ever built. While we're very proud of this achievement, we're continuing to scale 
capacity to address the strong demand. As I mentioned earlier, we grew backlog by 20% sequentially, largely as a result 


of HiSeq orders. By simplifying the sequencing workflow, increasing data quality and dramatically lowering the cost 
per genome, HiSeq is truly redefining a trajectory of sequencing and expanding the market. 

Last month, we announced that the Broad Institute purchased 51 HiSeqs and have already generated numerous runs in 
excess of 250G. Most recently, the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute placed an order to purchase 20 HiSeqs as part of 
our trade-in program. Excluding the major genome centers, over 40% of HiSeq order demand is coming from new 
customers including a wide array of academic PIs, core labs, service labs, diagnostic startups and biopharma. 

We're adding incremental manufacturing capacity with the goal to increase Q3 production by over 50% to meet 
customer demand with reasonable ship schedules. Again excluding the major genome centers, approximately 20% of 
Q2 HiSeq shipments were related to Genome Analyzer trade-ins. We anticipate this percentage to increase in the 
second half of the year as more customers take advantage of our trade-in programs to gain access to HiSeq. This is the 
primary reason why we expect gross margins to decline in the back half of the year, as Christian outlined in our 
updated guidance. 

In the longer run, trade-ins for HiSeq will result in a significant increase in reagent pull-through per system as the 
theoretical capacity is more than twice that of the Genome Analyzer. The reduction in cost for whole human genome 
enabled by HiSeq has also allowed us to reduce the price of our individual genome sequencing service. 

In June at the Consumer Genomics Conference in Boston, we announced new pricing of $19,500 for an individual to 
have their genome sequence directed by a prescription from a physician in our Personal Genomics Network. In 
addition, we've offered discounted pricing of $14,500 for a group of five individuals using the same physician, and 
$9,500 for individuals whose physicians have determined that whole-genome sequencing might provide direct clinical 
value in addressing their serious medical conditions. At this price point, we believe we're moving much closer to the 
integration of whole-genome sequenced data into the management of one's health. Nowhere is this more apparent than 
in the case of complex genetic disease such as cancer, where through a physician's guidance sequence data may inform 
the course of therapy and care. 

Today, we announced the formation of the Illumina Genome Network and I'd like to take a minute to give you some 
details around this exciting new program. As the advances of the HiSeq system allow us to continue to drive down the 
cost of whole-genome sequencing, we've been working on ways to leverage our existing internal sequencing services 
operation along with our CSPro certified customers. Our announcement today forms a network of several leading 
institutions to offer rapid turnaround low cost human whole-genome sequencing services. The network will broaden 
access of researchers worldwide to the Illumina sequencing platform and provide them with an economical high quality 
sequencing services alternative for large scale projects. Use of a network model allows us to maximize sequenced 
capacity utilization across multiple sites and leverage the unique technical expertise of our partner institutions. 

We'll continue enhancements to the output of the HiSeq 2000 in advance of some sample preparation and data analysis. 
We anticipate that the network will be able to provide researchers with the unmatched value proposition of rapid 
turnaround time, industry standard data quality, and highly competitive project cost. 

In addition to the commercial progress we've made during the quarter, we've also added a number of new senior leaders 
to the company. In addition to Alex Dickinson, who I mentioned earlier we've have also appointed Nick Naclerio as 
Senior Vice President of Corporate Development. Early this quarter we added Elizabeth Brady as Vice President of 
Global Supply Chain and Emily Winn-Deen as Vice President of Diagnostics Development. Following the close of the 
quarter Melina Cimler joined the organization as Vice President of Quality and Regulatory Affairs. In addition, we've 
recently named Gerald Moeller to our Board of Directors. Finally, I'm happy to announce the appointment of Tristan 
Orpin to the newly created position of Chief Commercial Officer. I'm very pleased with the breadth of knowledge and 
experience that we've been able to add to the Illumina management team this quarter. 

In summary, Q2 was another great quarter. We saw a very strong year-over-year and sequential revenue growth. We 
generated non-GAAP gross margins over 70% for the third quarter in a row. Operating margin was above the high end 
of our long-term operating model and we generated 62 million or $0.47 per share in free cash flow. We continue to 
believe that the whole-genome array business has stabilized and that growth will accelerate in the second half. Our new 


products like the Omni 2.5 and the HiScanSQ are quickly gaining momentum, and the HiSeq to-date has been the most 
successful product launch in the company's history. We see no slowing in the markets' demand for sequence data and 
continue to see this reflected in record backlog levels, affording us with good visibility for the remainder of the year. 

Thanks for you time. And we'll now open the lines for your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question today comes from the line of Marshall Urist with Morgan Stanley. 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Marshall, are you there? 

Maybe we can go to the next question and get Marshal when he comes back in the queue? 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Ross Muken with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Ross Muken>: Good afternoon, guys. 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Ross. 

<A - Christian Henry>: Hey, Ross. 

<Q - Ross Muken>: So obviously a lot of exciting developments into the quarter, so a lot to choose from. In terms of 
the HiSeq, I mean obviously as you said, it's been the best new product introduction you've had. As you sort of have 
now had time to sort of digest, talk to customers, obviously you've got a better idea of the demand curve and you're 
increasing the manufacturing capacity. What's been sort of the most sort of surprising feedback you've had in terms of 
the ordering trends that you're seeing? What was kind of outside the realm of what you had initially thought? And just 
generally, in terms of its progression, what sort of stuck out as, wow, we hadn't thought of that initially when we 
launched the box? 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I guess the most obvious thing, Ross, is the fact that in 
our earlier models, we had a sort of a conversion range or a trade-off range between HiSeqs and the Genome 
Analyzers, and probably the most surprising outcome is the fraction of customers that have opted to go toward HiSeq 
as opposed to buying the GA. And what underlies that surprise perhaps is the fact that so many customers have been 
able to obtain the funds to make that decision, even though we have a higher purchase price of course for the HiSeq. So 
that's certainly one standout trend. 

The second is the fact that we've really broadened the market with this platform, so we have lots of new customers 
coming into the Illumina fold, if you will. And in the development process of the product, we worried at one point 
about whether it was possible that this system, as the throughput continued to go up, could overshoot the market. And 
it's very clear that that just isn't the case, that any customer that can get the funds to buy a HiSeq, in general will buy a 
HiSeq. And even in the smallest labs, we see customers migrating toward this platform if they can get funds to buy it. 

So those are probably the standout features of the launch. And of course we've been very pleased with the robustness of 
the product in the field. When you put this many units into the field so quickly, you always are a bit concerned about 
how robustly they operate in the customer's hands and whether you have a support organization that can take care of 
any issues that crop up. And so far, that's gone extremely well for us. 

<Q - Ross Muken>: And maybe turning to the acquisition that you talked about. I think it's a business you know quite 
well. As you think about the qPCR market and sort of the development of some of these newer technologies, lower 
cost, higher throughput, et cetera, what's sort of the entry strategy there? I know you probably touch a lot of the same 


purchasers with the equipment that you already sell into most of those labs, so it's kind of natural, from a sales synergy 
perspective. But competitively, in terms of what this does, or what this will offer people that's different than what's 
currently in market, how do you sort of size that up? 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, it's a very important market segment in the tool 
space. It's large from a dollar perspective. It's very consistent with our strategy of having tools that address the broad 
range of complexity that customers want, all the way from full sequence down to single marker, and this is a 
technology that reinforces that to a great extent on the very low end. 

Of course BeadXpress goes down to a single marker, but it – as you sort of drop below 40 or 30 markers, it becomes 
less competitive, and PCR, of course, is more competitive in the lower complexity space. So certainly there's that 
market synergy. 

We have a bit of built-in market because most of the customers that are using our sequencing instruments require PCR 
instrumentation in the front end, or in the sample prep process, for preparing the sequencing sample, so that's an 
important synergy that we get right out of the box. 

We think our current sales force can sell this. We'll also obviously take advantage of Internet capabilities to sell this 
product at the price point of 13,900. And if you think about the strategy and how it fits with Illumina's sort of more 
global approach to the market, we really focus on highly disruptive technologies, and we think this box in particular is 
that, because it offers such high performance at such a competitive price point. And as we mentioned in the script, it's 
our intention over time to develop a reagent stream for this product as well, which will create that high margin 
follow-on business. 

<Q - Ross Muken>: Great, and congratulations to everyone for a phenomenal quarter. 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Great. 

<A - Christian Henry>: Thanks, Ross. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel with Cowen and Company. 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: You there, Doug? 

<Q - Doug Schenkel>: Hey, guys. Sorry, I was having some technical challenges there. Can you hear me? 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. 

<A - Christian Henry>: Yes, hey Doug. How are you doing? 

<Q - Doug Schenkel>: All right. I'm good, sorry about that. So maybe just a couple of clarifying follow-ups, and 
hopefully I didn't miss any of this as I was trying to get my phone to work the right way. But in terms of the dynamic of 
HiSeq versus GA specifically in the quarter, could you just talk about GA trends and maybe the outlook for 2E and SQ 
from here? 

And then maybe as a follow-up to that, you did mentioned that I think 20% of Q2 HiSeq shipments, excluding the 
major genome centers, were trade-ins. 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Correct. 

<Q - Doug Schenkel>: My understanding was that in the past – from previous commentary was that you guys were not 
going to do many, if any, trade-ins in the second quarter, so does that suggest that those shipments were made pursuant 
to what you expect to record for revenues in the third quarter? 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I'm sorry, say the last part again, pursuant to what? 


<Q - Doug Schenkel>: Basically pursuant to Q3 revenue, versus revenue that was already recorded in the second 
quarter. 

<A - Christian Henry>: No, I mean, we've got a growing backlog of trade-ins, and so we wanted to begin shipments 
of some of those during the quarter to begin to balance out the mix between brand-new instrument orders and trade-ins, 
so we decided to ship some trade-ins in the second quarter. But the predominant part of the trade-in business will 
happen in Q3 and in Q4. So that's still the key driver of the gross margin change. 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think the one thing that happened, Doug, is we were 
able to do better on the production side, so we were able to get some of those trade-ins pushed into the second quarter. 

<A - Christian Henry>: To the first part of your question, I think the dynamic has surprised us a bit, that the GA has 
actually – for customers who we thought might continue to order GAs, most of them – many of them have switched to 
HiSeqs. And so we see sort of a trade-off in the volumes toward HiSeq and away from the Genome Analyzers. So the 
Genome Analyzer volumes are shrinking as we're growing this demand curve for the HiSeqs, and the magnitude of that 
switch is greater than what we would have anticipated previously. Obviously, a very positive trend for us, but 
something that causes us to have to continue to ramp HiSeq manufacturing pretty aggressively, and thankfully, we've 
been able to do that quite well. 

<Q - Doug Schenkel>: Okay. 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And the one other piece there, Doug, is you asked 
about HiScan. 

<Q - Doug Schenkel>: Yes. 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And the HiScan, the demand for the HiScan system's 
actually been quite strong. And so I would put that into a different category than the GA, because it's – it really is the 
only instrument on the market that can run both arrays and do sequencing. And so we've seen very strong demand for 
that product, and we're scaling up – we're scaling up production so that we can ship more of that in the back half of the 
year. 

<Q - Doug Schenkel>: And maybe if I could just slip in one real quick follow-up. Along those lines, Christian, you did 
talk about microarray instrument order growth increasing sequentially and year-over-year outpacing revenue. Is this 
where maybe you're capturing some of the HiScan or is this maybe attributed to instances where there's building 
interest in rare variant chips but folks are holding off and taking shipment until those are more broadly available? Or is 
there some other dynamic in play? 

<A - Christian Henry>: No, it's more of the HiScan. There's a really nice growing list of orders for the HiScan. The 
early performance on the system's been fantastic in terms of the ability to create very high levels of throughput on the 
system from a sequencing perspective as well as scan arrays at comparable rates of the historical scanner. So there is a 
lot of demand building up for that and in our manufacturing process, we focused a little bit more on HiSeq 2000 in the 
quarter. So we weren't able to fulfill all those orders. 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And one of the sort of good news and bad news stories 
about how we did the design here of course is that we really wanted to make the optics module and most of the 
electronics exactly the same or as similar as possible to HiSeq so that we would have improved manufacturing 
capability of those platforms but because we're volume constrained in our ability to make HiSeqs, it also constrains our 
ability to make the HiScanSQ. And so we've been able to ship perhaps fewer of those than we might have liked to in an 
ideal case. 

<Q - Doug Schenkel>: Yes, high-class problems. Thanks for taking the questions. I'll get back in the queue. 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Doug. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. 

<Q - Tycho Peterson>: Hey, good afternoon. 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Tycho. 

<Q - Tycho Peterson>: And then maybe just actually following up on that last line of questioning, if we think about 
the HiScan systems that you will place going forward once you kind of work through the capacity constraints. How do 
we think about utilization and maybe can you help us think about the customer thought process here? I mean obviously, 
you've got the GA2e at the low end. You've got some customers that are presumably already doing array work. How do 
they think about the decision to go with HiScan versus adding a low end sequencer to their existing array work? 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, it does depend a lot on the individual lab 
circumstances. If you're in a core lab and you've already got one or two of our array readers adding a sequencing 
module if you're occasionally going to do sequencing or you have a few of your core lab customers wanting to do 
sequencing, might be the way to start off or to get into the business of sequencing. If it's very clear that you're going to 
be doing sequencing in some volume and you're capital constrained then the GA2e is probably the right choice. And so 
it depends on the individual circumstances of the customer labs in terms of which one they go to. And the truth is, it'll 
probably take us a couple more quarters to sort out exactly what the sales dynamics look like on those two platforms. 

<Q - Tycho Peterson>: But I guess as we think about the placement is this a decent leading indicator around array pull 
through? Or I mean maybe another way to ask the question is where do you see the array business in terms of the 
recovery cycle here? 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, we're pretty optimistic about what's going to 
begin to happen in the second half. We're seeing a lot of interest in the Omni2.5, the pipeline's strong, we think the 
Omni5 is going to get pushed out a little bit just based on the availability of the content from the 1000 Genomes Project 
so we're probably not going be able to get that into the market by the end of the year solely because we don't have the 
content put on it yet. So we'll probably in the course of the next three months make a decision on when we start 
actually entering the manufacturing process for the Omni5, but the pipeline looks real positive and so we continue to be 
optimistic about accelerating growth rate in the array business here through the back half and into 2011. I think you're 
beginning to see the earliest sings of some people doing initial work on the 2.5 and beginning to discover some things 
that'll help fuel that trend. 

<Q - Tycho Peterson>: Okay, that's helpful. And then just one last one, can you update us on the CFO search, where 
you are in that process? 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. We changed recruiting firms about, I guess about 
eight weeks ago, something like that and we've had what we think is very good progress since that change. We are 
interviewing quite aggressively. We have a number of very strong candidates in the pipeline. But having said that, I do 
think it's going to take two to three more months before we have somebody actually hired and reporting for duty. So 
we're still a ways away from having somebody on board. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Marshall Urist with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Marshall Urist>: Is that better? Doug and I seem to be struggling equally with the phone today. 

<A - Christian Henry>: We can hear you fine now, Marshall. 

<Q - Marshall Urist>: Okay, perfect, thanks. So first question was just on the gross margin front, as HiSeq kind of 
ramps ahead of your expectations, you've talked about that being potentially dilutive to gross margins on an absolute 


basis, even just because the underlying margin is lower. So as that ramps, has your confidence kind of increased in 
what the kind of gross margin you're going to be able to achieve and how quickly you're going to be able to get there, 
as some of these trade-in headwinds kind of go away next year? 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think we have a pretty good handle on what the 
margins are. We know very accurately what the cost of the system is. You're right, that as the mix has shifted more 
toward HiSeq, that is a bit of the drag on the overall gross margins because it's an early product in its maturity cycle, 
and therefore, the margins are somewhat less – considerably less than the GA at this point in time. 

But a slight offsetting effect of course, is that as you ramp up and make more and more of these faster than thought, 
you get better volume discounts on the parts that you're buying. And we're coming down the learning curve quickly in 
our ability to put them through final test and to manufacture them efficiently. So there's some offsetting effect because 
the volume is ramping quickly. 

But I think we now have pretty good models of what those margins are going to look like into 2011. We think we'll get 
through the biggest bolus of the trade-in program in the back half, but some of that, the trade-ins, will slop over into 
2011, certainly. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks of course, every time we do a trade-in, we have a 
long-term advantage, because the reagent pull-through of the system is more than twice that at a theoretical level than 
what you have on a Genome Analyzer. 

<Q - Marshall Urist>: Okay, great, thanks. And then, just related to that, on the expense side, we saw some decent 
expense leverage, as we think about that as a percentage of revenue in the quarter, even with two months of Helixis. So 
can you give us a sense, is that going to continue as we ramp revenue in the back half? 

And then, if could quantify sort of how much the dilution is from Helixis that – this year, at least that, that'd be helpful, 
thanks. 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, we're not going to quantify the dilution for 
Helixis for this year. I think what we can say is that we do expect it to be breakeven to somewhat accretive in 2011, is 
our current forecast, so we're feeling pretty good about that part of it. 

We did get some leverage on the R&D line during the quarter. Part of that was due to some one-time expenses that we 
had in Q1, so on a sequential basis, there was some leverage there. We're not guiding specifically at those expense line 
levels any longer, so we're not really prepared to predict that we're going to get lots more leverage from that. 

And I'd bring you back to our sort of ongoing guidance, that our target is to hit 30% operating margins on a non-GAAP 
basis. Clearly, we've been running over that, and we're pleased to be running over that, but we're always looking to 
make sure that we're making sufficient investments when we're running over 30%. 

<Q - Marshall Urist>: Okay, thanks, guys. 

Operator 

Next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin with UBS. 

<Q - Derik De Bruin>: Hi, good afternoon. 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Derik. 

<A - Christian Henry>: Hi, Derik. 

<Q - Derik De Bruin>: Hey, we've heard from a couple of people that – blaming their woes on their business on the 
fact that stimulus funding's been delayed and such. And on finding, you made the comment that people are scrambling 
to buy HiSeq on funding if they can – or buy HiSeq if they can find the funding to get it. I guess, can you just talk 
about where your customers are getting funding? Is it stimulus grants; is it endowment money coming back in; bake 
sales; any color? 


<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Haven't seen the bake sale phenomena yet. 

<A - Christian Henry>: That's a lot of cupcakes. 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, it's hard to say it's coming from one more than the 
other. Certainly there's a stimulus contribution here. We saw in the quarter about $26 million of orders that came from 
stimulus. It's always hard to know what the alternative case would have been there, had we not had stimulus, how much 
of that would we gotten anyway. So it's – we just don't know how much of that is truly incremental to what the baseline 
business would have been absent the program. So certainly, a component's coming there. We think there's money being 
pulled away from potentially other kinds of purchases. So other types of capital equipment, perhaps people are seeking 
funding to move toward HiSeq. And certainly people are applying for incremental grants going forward and sequencing 
I think is getting a disproportional win rate in the grant cycle because it's such an important, such a powerful 
technology. 

<Q - Derik De Bruin>: And what's been the interest in your whole-genome sequencing business after you dropped the 
price? And I guess as a follow-up question to that is like what do you think the inflection point is when you really 
would see your customers wanting to do more outsourcing versus doing it themselves? 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So the first part was about the consumer business, I 
presume. 

<Q - Derik De Bruin>: The consumer business or just in generally if people want to – yes, in general the consumer 
business or just, as you look at the kind of network price, the network programs you announced I guess what would 
kind of be an inflection point on a pricing when people would opt to do it rather than try to buy their own equipment? 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, let me give you the answer and you can let me 
know if I've addressed both parts of that question. In the consumer side, there's clearly a high degree of elasticity in this 
market so as we've drop the price to 19,500, 14,500 and 9,500 the pipeline has grown pretty dramatically. It's still a 
little early to know how many of those are going to get over the finish line and actually sign deals to move forward but 
I can say we've already closed a significant number of those that are purely due to the change in the price structure. So 
I'd say that's gone quite well and as that price continues to come down we're going to ride that elasticity curve quite 
significantly. 

If you think about the second part of your question, which I think related to services versus instrument placements, we 
think today services is still a very small part of this market. But we think over time there's the potential as the price 
comes down that it will become an increasing portion and this is the reason that we announced today the Illumina 
Genome Network because we clearly want to be the leader in services as well as instruments. Today, most people want 
to own the instruments. We think that even out a couple of years that, that will continue to be the case. In the main part 
of our market most customers will want to have access to the instrumentation because that's how they developed new 
applications and train their research associates to go out into the world and become PIs themselves. But services will be 
increasing and therefore we wanted to have a really strong position in that market segment, and we intend to be the 
leader there as well. 

<Q - Derik De Bruin>: Great. I'll get back in the queue. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from line of Quintin Lai with Robert W. Baird. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: Hi, good afternoon. Congratulations on a really nice quarter, guys. 

<A - Christopher Henry>: Thanks, Quintin. 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Quintin. 


<Q - Quintin Lai>: Sure so you raised revenue guidance, originally it was 20% growth; now it's 28% growth. EPS 
guidance only goes up by a little bit. Is the delta the dilution from Helixis or is there some other expenses that are in 
there? 

<A - Christian Henry>: Qu, it's Christian. There is a – there's several factors actually in that. The first, of course is the 
dilution from Helixis. There's also the tax rate's a little bit higher so than we are originally forecasting when we started 
the year. And then of course the share count's a little bit higher also as well since the stock is a little bit higher today 
than it was at the beginning of the year. There's more, the dilutive effect of those shares is in there as well. So on the 
tax side, the reason why the tax is really higher is because we're generating more profit in foreign jurisdictions where 
we were stuck with some double taxation until we continue – until we really complete our IP migration to Singapore 
which we're in the process of working on right now. So it's the combination of those factors that affect the EPS line. 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And that's a historical artifact of the Solexa transaction 
where the IP for sequencing resides largely in the UK and results in some double taxation, and we're working on 
changing that. 

<A - Christian Henry>: Yes, we couldn't move it because we had lots of NOLs, the value of the NOLs was too great; 
and so now we're eating up those NOLs more quickly because of the profitability of sequencing and now are in the 
process of moving it all to Singapore. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: All right, super. Thank you for the clarification. And then going back to the Genome Network, it 
seems like that a lot of the centers or the, maybe the larger customers are still running at max capacity so how – I mean 
is there a lot of capacity that you forecast, that you could offshoot those small one-off projects into that and would you 
augment it with your own services and you would be part of that network as well? 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We definitely are part of the network. In fact we're the 
hub of the network, if you want to think about it that way, Quintin. So we'll do a lot of the marketing and the sales 
transactions around these large human genome sequencing orders; and then we will distribute and subcontract the 
actual sequencing to the collection of partners. And one of the advantages of using this network is that we get to load 
level the capacity. And so it could be that one institute at one particular time has more capacity than someone else. And 
so, they may be the ones that receive the subcontracting work. And in the case that none of them have enough capacity, 
we will do it in-house at Illumina. So it takes advantage of this broader network and can sort of leverage the ups and 
downs, natural ups and downs of big projects coming in and out across a broader number of institutions. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jon Groberg with Macquarie Capital. 

<Q - Jonathan Groberg>: Hi, thanks for taking the questions. Can you hear me? 

<A - Christian Henry>: Yes, hi Jon. 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. 

<Q - Jonathan Groberg>: Sorry, I'm at the airport. So I'm just going to ask my two questions and then hop so you 
guys don't get bombarded with announcements of flights going and coming. But the first question, Jay maybe, you 
mentioned that you had recently met with the FDA and you talked a little bit more about your consumer sequencing 
offering just now. Can you maybe just talk about what it was that you discussed, and what it was that they wanted you 
to do to be kind of fully compliant with what they were after? 

And then the second question, Christian, can you – on the free cash flow can you – are these sustainable kind of 
improvements that you've made? Obviously that was probably the most impressive thing in the quarter. So can you 
maybe just talk about how sustainable the DSOs and some of the others are on the cash flow? Thanks. 


<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Jon. We did meet with the FDA, and we've 
now met with them a couple of times. The basic premise that the FDA has, or the position they have taken, is that the 
DTC genotyping companies are supplying information that represents a diagnostic device, and given that, that those 
devices fall under the regulatory purview of the FDA. 

The challenge here, of course, is that because these arrays are highly complex in terms of the amount of information 
they provide and the ability to interpret hundreds to thousands of pieces of information from those arrays, that the 
traditional model of how you conduct a clinical trial for demonstrating clinical validity is somewhat challenged. 

And so, what we're working through with the FDA is, how do you come up with some new paradigm that really takes 
into account the fact that these arrays are totally different from the traditional single analyte test, where you run one 
clinical trial, get one result, and either approve it or not. It's a different way of thinking here. 

And the truth is that I don't think the FDA knows exactly how to go about this, and the entire industry is working 
through this sort of regulatory grey zone, to try to figure out how it is we can bring these arrays into some degree of 
compliance, and yet, at the same time, deal with the overall complexity. And so that's an unknown that everyone's 
working through right now and will take some time to figure out. 

<A - Christian Henry>: Yeah, and Jon, on the free cash flow, we did have it – I was really proud of the free cash flow 
this quarter because really if you look at the DSO, we were able to pull 10 days out of the DSO relative to last year. 

We've been working really hard since third and fourth quarter of last year, when DSOs got a little bit higher than what 
we would like. I think a range of DSOs that makes sense for this type of businesses is mid 60s to 70, 72 or so. And so I 
think that that's what we've kind of gotten there. So I think that that's a sustainable level for us. If you looked at the 
balance sheet, one of the big – one of the items we probably weren't as happy with was our inventory level at 119 
million. Now, that's really because we're scaling up manufacturing at a feverish pace all across the company and not 
only just in instruments but also in sequencing reagents and we, quite frankly, we're continuing to scale the array 
throughput as well. 

And so our next opportunity or my next challenge is to kind of start generating more cash flow or more acceleration of 
throughput so to speak to improve the cash flow there. But if you look at the business, if we can continue to generate 
operating margins where they are then you can create cash flow from operations where we were this quarter. If you 
look at the level of CapEx, we had a pretty modest level of CapEx and so it's – there might be a little bit – that's going 
to fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter a bit but these kinds of levels of free cash flow are achievable when you have this 
kind of, when they have the business performing the way it is. 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And I think the announcement today of the approval of 
a $200 million stock buyback is reflective of the confidence that management and the board have in our ability to 
continue to generate free cash flow. 

<A - Christian Henry>: That's right. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Dan Leonard with First Analysis. 

<Q - Dan Leonard>: Hi, thank you. My first question on the HiSeq, are the mix of applications being performed on 
the HiSeq any different than those applications which were conducted on the genome analyzer either in the early 
instruments you have in the field or in your order backlog? 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We haven't seen any indication that the application mix 
is any different. 


<Q - Dan Leonard>: Okay. And could you remind me what you're doing with the Genome Analyzer trade-ins? Are 
these being refurbished and put back out in into the field or what? 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, they are. We're just at the very beginning of the 
cycle with getting those back from customers but yes, they'll be refurbished and then resold as we use genome. 

<Q - Dan Leonard>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line Tony Butler with Barclays Capital. 

<Q - C. Anthony Butler>: Yes. Thanks very much. On the Genome Network, what was the main driver? Was it 
external demand from customers or did, was this an internal creation? 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It was a market creation, I guess is the way to think 
about it. We do see that there are some large projects forming that where customers want to sequence 50 to a couple 
hundred genomes in one, a single project and we thought we needed an infrastructure that allowed us to take on that 
business very directly, through Illumina but to take advantage of the CSPro certified network that we have out there 
because many of our customers want to participate in these -- in doing these large scale services as well. And it's 
always a challenge and there's some natural tension between Illumina bidding on these projects and our customers 
bidding on the same project. 

And so part of the idea behind the network here was that we have the ability to either do this independently or Illumina 
can bid on them and then subcontract them to these third party institutions that are our partners. So that they wind up 
taking advantage of the scale up of the service as well in terms of running these through their shop. The other factor I 
think that's going to be important is that many of these institutes have specific expertise that they bring to the party. 
Bioinformatic capability in certain areas, advanced sample prep, techniques, and having this network in place allows 
the customers who want the sequencing done to direct their projects toward a particular services operation that might 
have expertise that they uniquely might want or in fact be willing to pay for additional to the actual sequencing. 

<Q - C. Anthony Butler>: That's very helpful, thank you. And then back to manufacturing, while there was robustness 
for HiScan, obviously there has been robustness for HiSeq. You think about manufacturing build up and constraints 
that exist today, if you've got constraints on both ends, who actually gets the majority of the money and/or the time and 
if you will the footprint for manufacturing? Is it actually HiSeq or can you do both simultaneously to defuel and absorb 
the existing backlog? 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We can certainly do both. It's a question of what the 
mix is and the HiSeq is --as strong as the demand is for the HiScan SQ the HiSeq demand is much stronger, it's a much 
bigger number in absolute terms. So HiSeq will get the predominate focus but at the same time we are able to fill orders 
for HiScan SQ. It's just that the delivery times are out probably three or four months and we'd like that to be two 
months or less. 

<Q - C. Anthony Butler>: Very fair. And last question again around cash flow, as the inventory is likely to continue to 
build in the second half, you may have really hit a nadir or the high end of your $0.47 per share free cash flow. And the 
real question becomes would you expect, as one thinks about inventory, would you expect that to actually become more 
normalized than in 2011 or does that actually happen later this year, for example in Q4? 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well I – let me just comment on that and then maybe 
Christian can elaborate. I think inventory as the business grows will continue to grow in absolute terms. What we're 
trying to work on of course is the velocity of products through manufacturing so that the turn rate goes up. And 
therefore, on a proportional basis inventory is less than the factor, and we essentially pull cash out of where inventory 
would have been if the turn rate was less. And so that's really what we're focused on. And we think we got a couple 
more quarters here of ramping very fast and accelerating the velocity of products through manufacturing. And then I do 


think we will definitely get better at that, and that's an area that Christian and his team is really focused on as we go 
into 2011. And I think we have some opportunities there. 

<A - Christian Henry>: Yes, Jay's given me very specific guidance on focusing on inventory, and so that's what we're 
doing. If you looked at second quarter turns I think they're kind of in the 2.2 range. For a business like ours, we should 
probably be striving to get to three to four turns per year and you'll see as we continue to move up the ramp of HiSeq 
and the learning curve that will improve the velocity there. We're continuing to really focus on the velocity of reagents 
through our system, particularly through our QC processes to make sure we send out high quality product in timelines 
that make sense for customers. And so, that's really front and center where our mission is right now. 

<Q - C. Anthony Butler>: Thanks, guys. Very helpful. 

Operator 

Your next question today comes from the line of Paul Knight with CLCA (sic) [CLSA] 

<Q - Paul Knight>: Hey, congratulations. 

<A - Christian Henry>: Thanks, Paul. 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you, Paul. 

<Q - Paul Knight>: Can you talk about that 27 million of stimulus orders? Does that get delivered over a quarter? 
How do you think that rolls out? 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I haven't looked at those exact orders as a separate 
bucket, Paul. So I don't know exactly what the reschedules are but I would say typically those would probably be 
delivered over a three- to four-month timeframe. With our HiSeq backlog, that may stretch-out to be somewhat longer 
than that. 

<Q - Paul Knight>: And then lastly, Oxford Nanopore, you have that investment, any color on what that technology is 
up to and what your vision is there? 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We're not giving any specific technical update there, I 
guess what we can say is that we continue to be very excited about the prospects of that technology. We're not yet to 
the point where we're ready to talk about specifically where it is or when it could become a product but we believe that 
at the time it does become a product that it will be potentially disruptive to the marketplace in pricing and throughput. 

<Q - Paul Knight>: Okay, great. Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Amit Bhalla with Citi. 

<Q - Amit Bhalla>: Hi, good afternoon. I had a question on the production manufacturing. You did say that you're 
going to have 50% increase in production in 3Q and I'm assuming demand is going to be continuing to be strong 
throughout the rest of the year. So maybe you could just walk through the plans of manufacturing expansion beyond 
3Q, anything you can give us there. Thanks. 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: You were dropping out a bit. Did 


<A - Christian Henry>: Yes so let me see if I can take a stab at this. So in the third quarter, you're right we're going to 
increase our product -- we're going to set a goal to increase HiSeq production at 50% more than what we did in the 
second quarter. At that point we think what we will have really a critical mass or a capability to handle not only the 
back -- not only whittling through the backlogs but ongoing demand. So I don't see us necessarily hopping the scale too 


much beyond that but we'll see, obviously as things shake themselves out. We're prepared facility-wise and 
capability-wise to keep that scaling going if necessary but I think by the time we get to the end of the third quarter, we 
will be in a position to really start working through the backlog, working through the remaining backlog and trying to 
create the reasonable ship times or lead times for customers that they expect. 

<Q - Amit Bhalla>: Okay, thanks. And just one quick follow-up on backlog conversion, you mentioned HiScan, you 
want to get that down to about two to three months in terms of delivery time. What is HiSeq right now? What's the 
delivery time there? 

<A - Jay T. Flatley, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We don't quote exact delivery times in the backlog. 
But it's – we would like HiSeq delivery times to be in the range of six to eight weeks and it's considerably longer right 
now. 

<Q - Amit Bhalla>: Okay, great, thanks. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the question-and-answer portion of the call. I'd like to turn the call back over to 
Peter Fromen for closing remarks. 

Peter J. Fromen, Senior Director, Investor Relations 

Thanks, Regina. As a reminder, a replay of this call will be available in webcast format in the Investors Section of our 
website, as well as through the dial-in instructions contained in today's earnings release. Thanks for joining us today. 
This concludes our call and we look forward to our next update in October following the close of the third quarter. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


