Q2 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Avishek Lath, Associate – Investor Relations 
• S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director 
• S. D. Shibulal, Chief Operating Officer 
• V. Balakrishnan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Ashok Vemuri 
• B. G. Srinivas 
• Chandra Shekar Kakal 
• Stephen Pratt 
• T. V. Mohandas Pai 
Other Participants 

• Mitali Ghosh 
• Diviya Nagarajan 
• Ed Caso 
• Nitin Padmanabhan 
• Balaji Prasad 
• Sumit Poddar 
• Sandeep Shah 
• Ashwin Mehta 
• Vihang Naik 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Infosys Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, 
for the duration of this conference, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of today's opening remarks. [Operator Instructions]. 

Please note that this conference is being recorded. 

I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Avishek Lath of Infosys Technologies Limited. Thank you and 
over to you, Mr. Lath. 

Avishek Lath, Associate – Investor Relations 

Thank you, Melisa. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I am Avishek from Investor Relation team in Bangalore. We 
thank you all for joining us today to discuss the financial result for the second quarter ended 30 September, 2010. 

Joining us today in this conference room is CEO and MD, Mr. Kris Gopalakrishnan; COO, Mr. S. D. Shibulal; and 
CFO, Mr. V. Balakrishnan, along with other members of senior management. 


We will start with a brief statement on the performance of the company during the quarter ended 30 September, 2010, 
outlook for the quarter ended 31 December, 2010 and year ending 31 March, 2011. Subsequently, we can open up the 
discussion for Q&A. 

Before I hand over to Infosys management, I would like to remind you that everything we say which refers to our 
outlook for the future is a forward-looking statement and must be read in conjunction with the risk that company faces. 
A full statement and explanation of this risk is available with our filings with the SEC, which can be found on 
www.sec.gov. 

Now I would pass it on to Mr. Kris Gopalakrishnan. 

S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director 
Thank you and good morning, good afternoon, good evening to every one of you. Thank you for joining this call. We 
had a very good quarter, an excellent quarter. We have four consecutive quarters of sequential volume growth above 
5%. This quarter the volume growth was 7.2%. We had a revenue growth in dollar terms of 10.2% in rupee terms 
12.1%. We revised our guidance for the entire year in dollar terms to 24% to 25% and EPS guidance has changed to – 
moved up to $2.54 to $2.58. 

If I look at the environment, clearly the investments in information technology, the investment in efficiency and 
transformations will continue. Organizations are looking for opportunities to achieve efficiency in their operations. 
They are looking at opportunities to grow their business. We see some themes around which these investments are 
happening. And we are able to articulate these themes to our clients. We believe that clients see the value we bring to 
the table and they're willing to invest with Infosys. 

We are also seeing large deals come back on the table. For the first half, we have done nine transformational deals. We 
have won nine transformational deals and nine global sourcing deals – outsourcing deals. And some of these deals are 
actually more than $200 million, so a good environment from a business perspective. 

We believe that our clients are more confident about where they are in the – in this environment. They have higher 
margins. They have strong balance sheet. They have higher cash balances. And that's one of the reasons why they are 
investing. 

At the same time, we believe that the uncertainties in the environment will continue. The currency fluctuations will be a 
cause for concern. Certain countries have regulatory environment that is changing that will also be a cause for concern. 

And our strategy going forward would be to be cautious in an uncertain environment when it comes to outlook and 
things like that. But create capacity ahead of our forecast, because in the past, our forecast and our build-up of capacity 
or recruitment was in tandem, whereas now we are looking at recruiting ahead of our guidance, so that we can create 
capacity. And that, in turn, will allow us to take advantage of growth opportunities we see in the market and that's one 
of the reasons why we believe we've been able to grow. This double-digit growth has come after three years, actually, 
the last time we grew like this was in the second quarter of financial year 2008, which is quarter ending September 
30th, 2008. 

Overall, the environment is challenging, but we have performed well in a challenging environment. Entire company, all 
the way from service delivery to collection of accounts receivable, has executed very well. 

We've also given promotions, though percentage attrition on a last 12 months basis is 17%, when you look at the actual 
numbers, the actual numbers are actually lower than last quarter. So from an employee perspective also, we are in a 
better position today. We believe that our brand equity with employees – prospective employees is good, is improved. 
And we've also declared a one-time dividend over and above the interim dividend of INR10, the one-time dividend is 
INR30, as part of our 30th year of operation. 

With this, let me hand it over to my colleague, Mister Shibulal, to give you more details about the business. Thank you. 


S. D. Shibulal, Chief Operating Officer 
This is Shibulal. Good afternoon. Let me start with the demand environment. The demand environment – the global 
economic environment continues to be challenging, but businesses are starting to invest. We are seeing it in two 
different ways; on one side, they are looking at the future, trying to create the enterprise of tomorrow, and to do that, 
they are trying to extract value from their existing operations. 

So this is leading to two things; number one on, the operating side, they are looking at large outsourcing deals, and we 
are benefiting from that. In the last half, we have won nine large outsourcing deals and many of them above $100 
million and couple of them above $200 million TCV, total contract value. 

On the other side, these dollars are flowing into the transformational programs, and we are benefiting from that too. So 
in the last half, we have won eight to nine transformational programs. These programs are business-oriented; these are 
business processes, strategy and other areas. And they are also in line with our strategies of developing capabilities in 
various space. So for example, our Flypp platform is very relevant for the digital consumer space. Our iTransform 
platform is very relevant for the new philosophies in healthcare. Our iEngage platform is very relevant for the digital 
consumer space. Our Supply Chain Visibility platform is very relevant for building an organization of the future. Our 
Mobility platform is very relevant if somebody is focused on pervasive computing. So there is a lot of synergy between 
what the client is trying to do on the transformation space and the kind of capabilities we are building, and that is 
leading to us winning a lot of transformational opportunities. 

With that, let me move on to some of the operational stuff. On the pricing side, we have seen growth. Revenue 
productivity has gone up by 3.2% this time. In Q,1 it has declined by 1.6%, but in Q2, we have seen an improvement of 
3.2%. The pricing is stable. The revenue productivity shift is predominantly due to the portfolio mix change. So if you 
look at the numbers, you can clearly see that system integration and enterprise solution consulting space has improved 
and that is reflecting in the revenue productivity. 

On the employee front, Kris talked about it. We are increasing our number for the year to 40,000. We added 14,000 this 
quarter, 11,000 next quarter and 40,000 for the entire year. Now, the verticals which are showing progress are financial 
services and retail, manufacturing and energy and utilities in Europe. From the service side, I already mentioned, we 
are seeing growth in consulting, system integration and enterprise solution space. 

Our growth is all around. Our top 10 clients have grown by 12.1% and non-top 10 has grown by 9.3%. So the growth is 
all around. We have added 27 new clients this quarter, and out of that three of them are Fortune 500 and three of them 
are Fortune 500 Global. Our DSO is very healthy, 63 days, compared with 60 days of last quarter. But that is a 
reflection of the accelerated growth which you've seen in this quarter. 

So once again thank you very much. With this, let me hand over to our CFO, Bala to give you financial details. Thank 
you. 

V. Balakrishnan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Good morning, everybody. It's a great quarter. We've grown at 12.1% sequentially in rupee terms. The operating 
margin has gone up by 1.9% this quarter. The gross margin was 42.8%, last quarter was 41.1. The SG&A cost almost 
remained at the same level. So the operating income went up by 1.9%, basically because of the rupee. The average 
rupee dollar rate was 46.48 this quarter as compared to 45.58. So we had a 80 basis point positive impact on the margin 
because of that. 

Then the revenue productivity went up by 3.2%, 2.5% in constant currency terms and the utilization slightly went up. 
Both together positively impacted the margin by 110 basis points. So net-net operating margin is up by 1.9%. 

The effective tax rate went up. It's close to 26.5% now. Mainly because the on-site profitability increase during the 
quarter, and today we pay taxes on 82% of our income, only 18% is tax exempt. To that extent the tax – the effective 
tax rate went up and the net income was 25% as compared to 24% last quarter. 


During the quarter, all the cross currencies moved against us. If you look at Australian dollar, it appreciated against 

U.S. dollar by close to 14% on a quarter-to-quarter basis. Euro appreciated by 11%, U.K. pound by 5%, but for the 
quarter, it was positive because the cross currencies moved in favor that contributed to close to $10 million in revenue. 
Going forward we've revised our guidance from 19 to 21% growth in dollar terms. We're guiding for 24 to 25%, 
guiding for an EPS growth of 11.4 to 13.2% in dollar terms. In rupee terms, the revenue growth will be 18.5 to 19.5% 
and EPS could be 6.4 to 8.2. 

We're assuming the pricing what we've seen in the second quarter will continue to remain at the same level for next two 
quarters, which means on a year-on-year basis, the pricing could be almost similar to what we got in fiscal 2010. 

We assume the currency rate of 44.50 for rest of the year, which means the average rate for the full year could be 
45.27, it was 47.43 last year, which means a 4.5% appreciation in rupee, which could impact the margin. That's why for 
the full year, we guided for operating margin decline of close to 130 basis points, that's purely because of rupee, 
nothing else. 

The tax rate has gone up that could impact the margin by around 1.3%. So net-net, for the full year, we're guiding for 
EPS growth of 6.4 to 8.2%. 

With this I'll conclude. I'll open it up for questions now. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. The first question is from the line of Mitali Ghosh from Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Mitali Ghosh>: Yeah, thanks and congratulation to the team for a great set of results. Firstly, just on the demand 
situation maybe, if you could give us a sense of the flow into the deal pipeline and the deal conversion cycle, adjusted 
for seasonality how would you compare that versus what we saw in the previous quarter? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: I'm going to ask my colleague Ashok 
Vemuri to talk about the financial services sector and B.G. talk about the manufacturing sector to give you much more 
visibility into the deal pipeline. Ashok also can talk about the large deals, which we are pursuing at this point. Ashok? 

<A - Ashok Vemuri>: Sure, Kris, thanks. Hi, Mitali. So from a large deal perspective, we have obviously had a 
sterling half in terms of the number of large deal that have closed to TCV or total contract value of $865 million. You 
also remember that with 865, the flow from a revenue perspective is over a period of time. 

The pipeline for our large deals, which are not only just large deals but they are also fairly transformational in nature 
where we're deploying engagement models, which are newer and different, has also increased, so these are not just 
plain vanilla deals, but these are deals also where we are bringing significant amount of our solutions, our consulting 
capabilities etcetera, and that pipeline is fairly robust. In fact, it's probably been – it's probably never been as rich as it 
has been. 

From a financial services market perspective, we've shown a growth of about 8% this quarter, which is more or less in 
line with the performance of the previous quarter. So clearly the traction is something that we're able to sustain. 

Having said that, to Shibu's point also earlier, we do see some macro environment challenges, especially in the U.S. 
market, I think there is a lot more regulations or regulations that need to be – that are being written and those will have 
to be factored in, so that too is causing some amount of uncertainty. 

But I think from an overall perspective in terms of the kind of deals we are getting, very different from the ones that we 
use to do earlier, keeping in mind the fact that risk management, regulatory compliance has really become one of our 
top capabilities, whether in terms of creating smarter organization around data management reporting, whether it's the 


whole digital consumer etcetera. So a lot of the newer business oriented programs, which are technology investments 
based on the direction in which the corporations and firms are going, are coming our way increasingly. So we see very 
good visibility on those. 

As I've said before and Shibu also mentioned, the overall macro environment continues to be something that we are not 
able to put a finger off. B.G.? 

<Q - Mitali Ghosh>: Thanks, just a second, yeah.... 

<A - B. G. Srinivas>: Yeah, please go ahead. 

<Q - Mitali Ghosh>: Just I wanted to clarify one point, Ashok, the number you mentioned of $865 million TCV, is 
that the flow that we have seen in BFS and this quarter? 

<A - Ashok Vemuri>: No, so Mitali that is the overall contract value of all the transactions for Infosys in the half. 

<Q - Mitali Ghosh>: Okay. And just one other clarification, last quarter, I think it was mentioned that no large deals 
were closed. So are you saying that nine deals were closed in the second quarter itself? 

<A - Ashok Vemuri>: So a significant portion of the deals were closed in this quarter and some of the ones in the first 
quarter. But we could not actually disclose them because they were not formally signed off, though we had the 
indication for a win. So we only report once we have all the paperwork and all the sign-offs have happened. 

<Q - Mitali Ghosh>: Sure. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. The next question is from the line of Diviya Nagarajan of UBS. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Diviya Nagarajan>: Hi, congrats on a good set of numbers. Just a couple of questions, we've seen... 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: Can you be closer to the phone, we 
can't hear you properly? 

<Q - Diviya Nagarajan>: Is this better? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: Yes. 

<Q - Diviya Nagarajan>: Yeah. My question was on the kind of growth that we have seen in the consulting and 
package implementation and the system integration service lines this quarter. Around roughly 50% of the incremental 
growth seems to have come from these vertical lines – service lines. Could you run us through what were the primary 
growth drivers that you saw in these services and how do you see that planning into the second half? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: Yeah, so we've seen increased traction 
on transformational deals, actually this half we won nine transformational deals. These are deals which are multi-year, 
multi-service, consulting is involved, consulting and program management is involved. And it's one of the reasons why 
we are seeing good traction. 

I want to request my colleague Chandra Shekar Kakal and Steve Pratt who heads Consulting to give you two different 
perspectives. Kakal? 

<A - Chandra Shekar Kakal>: Hi, Diviya. Consulting and package implementation had a very good quarter last 
quarter, 25.8% of Infosys revenue is coming from that service line now from the last quarter. It was all around growth. 
We -- whether you slice it by vertical or geography or by packages that we deal with like SAP, Oracle PeopleSoft, so 
we had a very good growth. 


The message that we are giving to the market that we will be able to join hands and partner with the clients in making 
the transformations happen had gone well and have started seeing the results. The transformation programs that we 
have won in the last 24 months really we have started going live and are showing results to the clients and they are 
asking us to do more of that and that's how the ramp-up has happened in the existing deal and new programs also have 
started. 

It's combination of our ability to integrate the systems through our system integration capability and consulting 
capability for – from the business consulting services and the package implementation which has come together. 
Traction with all the package vendors like SAP, Oracle PeopleSoft everything has improved. 

By vertical if you look at – if you look at the retail CPG vertical which had maximum traction, quite a few of our 
clients are looking at multi-channel integration and reaching out to their consumers – or digital consumers nowadays. 
So those programs are going on and in hi-tech and manufacturing space lot of cost efficiency improvement and going 
global and improving the system availability over the globe, is improving the performance. So all-in-all, there has been 
a very good all-around growth, I'll request for my colleague Steve to talk a little bit more on business consulting side. 

<A - Stephen Pratt>: Okay. Thanks Kakal. Just a little more specifics, so in the U.S. we're seeing pretty diverse 
strength in consumer products, pharma and oil and gas. We have a lot of momentum in that area. 

In Europe we're seeing a lot of momentum in telecom and financial services with some recent terrific wins there. From 
a type of service that we're providing to the clients, I think, our real strongest areas right now are around digital 
marketing, multichannel commerce and just core processes to companies, so meaning supply chain, finance, order 
management those kind of things. 

And so our growth of, as Kakal was saying, 40% year-over-year for the quarter is really outstanding. And I think it's 
the combined power of Infosys where you take world-class management consulting, world-class implementation skills 
in the GDM and combine those together and add more business value at a lower cost and that's why we're growing at 
many, many times the consulting market, which continues to grow at about 5 to 7%. 

<Q - Diviya Nagarajan>: All right. Thanks. That is very helpful. Just one question maybe then I can come for a 
follow-up. Mr. Pai, I think, you spoke about a round of promotions that you will give in the third quarter. Could you 
just give me a sense of what are the levels of employees that you planned to promote? And what is the total number of 
people that will be promoted? And lastly the margin impact of this please? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: So this is Kris, Mohan just stepped out. 
So let me answer that question. We're looking at about 12,000 promotions. Now this cost is factored into our business 
model, so the impact we see on the margin for the year is purely because of two things. One is because of currency, 
second is because of income tax – higher income tax. So this impact is absorbed into the business and we take care of 
it. This promotion is all across the different levels in the company and not restricted to just one level within the 
company. It's also across all units and things like that. 

See from now onwards, you will see us looking at two cycles in a year, April and October. So that people don't have to 
wait for sometimes – let's say you join somewhere just after the promotion then you'll have to wait for almost two years 
to see the next promotion and things are becoming eligible for promotion. 

So the cycle is twice a year. And it's based on eligibility; it's based on slots available. So this is not a program to just 
simply promote, it's based on a career architecture which we have built through our iRace program. And this has 
created more opportunities for employees and that is what is being seen through this promotion. 

<Q - Diviya Nagarajan>: Thanks. And all the best for the rest of the year. 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: Thank you. 

Operator 


Thank you. The next question is a follow-up from the line of Mitali Ghosh from Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Mitali Ghosh>: Yes. Thanks. I think I got cut off B.G. was just going to answer the question on the 
manufacturing, whether there is any acceleration of deal flow and deal conversion? 

<A - B.G. Srinivas>: Mitali, manufacturing, we are seeing growth pick up across the subsectors within manufacturing. 
If I look at the U.S., the growth has been led by the high-tech sectors, even in the semiconductor sector we have seen 
growth pick up because their business demand is picking up. Especially demand for mobile applications so 
consequently there is more investment in the semiconductor industry both on R&D and IT spend. Automotive, 
aerospace and discrete manufacturing we have seen resurgence of growth. 

Again, the growth is centered around investments which our clients are making for the future. On one hand they're 
looking at driving efficiencies and in that context there are transformational opportunities focused on simplification of 
processes and organizational processes across their supply chain. And in that context, we are winning consulting deals; 
we are winning deals which also leverages implementation of packages, SAP and Oracle. We are also seeing 
investments on the client facing activities and couple of deals which we have won recently is in Order Management and 
CRM. 

In Europe, in the continent we have seen business uptake in Germany, Switzerland and France, in the manufacturing 
sector. Again this cuts across engineering, automation, resources sectors within Europe, where we are seeing demand 
uptake. In the near-term to medium-term, as long as the market continues to be stable, we are seeing demand continue 
and the pipeline again within manufacturing sector in the Continental Europe as well as in the U.S. is fairly robust. 
However, we will get a better indication of what is likely to come when we see the budgets come out in the early first 
quarter, that's in the month of January for the sector. 

<Q - Mitali Ghosh>: Thanks. And just the one question on the supply side I think Mohan mentioned earlier the fact 
that one needs to build capacity in advance. Just question that is there likely, you know given the uncertain 
environment, it is necessary to perhaps take up the percentage of lateral recruitment and is subcontracting perhaps an 
option as well? 

<A - T. V. Mohandas Pai>: Subcontracting is not a good option for one important reason; the best people don't want 
to be subcontractors. There could be some people are subcontractor because of specialized skills, but the best people 
don't want to work as subcontractors to anybody. They could work as independent contractor, but not subcontractors 
and you'll see it when you go. 

Specialized skill is what we have when you are subcontractors and we want a large number of laterals because even if 
the market sinks tomorrow, goes back, it's just a question of one or two quarters when the whole thing gets adjusted. So 
there is no great risk – there is no great risk, there is some normal – even in bad times, there is normal attrition of 
maybe 7 to 8%, so all we have a risk is maybe one to two quarters. 

So considering all that, we think that is – we must attract the best-in-class talent and also we have this ambition of 
going up the value chain. So we need people with differential skills, with their better ability to sell. So, lateral is very 
important. 

<Q - Mitali Ghosh>: So we should expect laterals to trend up as a proportion of total hiring? 

<A - T. V. Mohandas Pai>: Yes. Right now we cannot -- there are no freshers available right now, right? Next year 
we will go for a higher fresher offer, which we already decided. I can't give you numbers now, but next year we will 
have a higher fresher offer. So we maintain the ratio. Right now in the mid-year revision, the only supply available is 
laterals and not freshers. 

<Q - Mitali Ghosh>: Right, right. Okay, thanks. I'll come back for follow-ups later. Thank you. 

Operator 


Thank you. The next question is from the line of Edward Caso from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Ed Caso>: Hi, congratulations on the quarter. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about Europe, it seems 
to have turned the corner. Was that a few projects or was it broad based? If you can give some color to your success in 
Europe, please? 

<A - B.G. Srinivas>: This is B.G. In Europe, the growth in the last quarter has been a little broad based. It's not just 
coming from one sector. Across Europe retail, manufacturing, energy utilities and insurance have led the growth. Retail 
and CPG in U.K., we have had recent wins that are also upsurge in activity within our existing clients. In fact, out of 
the – we worked with five retailers of the top 10 in UK and we have significant traction. We also have point solutions 
to address some of the spend which is happening in the retail sector, which is focused on digital consumer and that has 
enabled us to actually differentiate and win transformation deals. On the CPG front, again there are initiatives, which is 
happening in terms of simplification of business process and there have been two deals which we have won. 

One of the deals which happened in the continent was to do with a merger of two companies and again integration and 
rationalization of the application portfolio. In the manufacturing, again, we had two wins in the continent, which led to 
growth. Insurance sector we saw business uptake in existing clients and we added one client in the continent, one in 

U.K. Apart from this in utilities, we added two new utility clients in U.K. At the same time, we have seen business 
uptake in three other utility clients in the continent. This has led to the growth rate going up in quarter two. 
In the short-term to medium-term, compared to last year, Europe will do better this year. I am taking a year-on-year 
view. But we are, however, still watchful because there are still uncertainties surrounding businesses. So, we will get a 
better hang of this early part of next calendar year. Thank you. 

<Q - Ed Caso>: Bala, could you just run through the mix on – for FY'11, of components of operating margin, what 
your expectation is year-over-year? Thank you. 

<A - V. Balakrishnan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Could you repeat the question please? 

<Q - Ed Caso>: Hi, I was trying to understand, on operating margin for FY'11, the impact from foreign exchange, 
pricing, volume, utilization? 

<A - V. Balakrishnan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: See, the pricing we're assuming for the 
next two quarters, it will remain at the level what we saw in Q2. So if we take a year-on-year on basis, it could be 
almost flat and come back to fiscal 2010. On the currency, we're assuming the rupee-dollar rate to be 44.50 for the next 
two quarters, which means, for the full year, average could be around 45.27 when compared to 47.43 in fiscal 2010. 
That's an appreciation of close to 4.5%. 

So that will have a impact of close to 2% on operating margin. But our guidance assumes a decline of 1.3% operating 
margin, because we assume that some of the levers could reduce the impact. 

So net-net for fiscal 2011, our guidance assumes a decline in operating margin of 1.3%. Of course, the net income level 
you have increased taxes, because our effective tax rate is close to 26.5% in the second quarter. It could be closer to 26 
for the full year. 

So, I think the tax rate, when compared to fiscal 2010, could have an impact of another 1.3% on the margin. So the net 
income level, you'll have 1.3% impact because of currency, 1.3% impact because of taxes, so net income could decline 
by closer to 0.6%. 

<Q - Ed Caso>: Okay. Thank you. Congratulations. 

Operator 

Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Indiabulls Securities. Please go ahead. 


<Q - Nitin Padmanabhan>: Yeah, hi. Thank you. If you look at the guidance per se, I think the last quarter basically, 
the implied guidance is just 1.3% kind of growth. Considering the kind of momentum we have been seeing, what is the 
rationale behind such a weak guidance there? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: See, a guidance is based on the data 
and the information we have, based on the outlook we have. Traditionally, Q3 and Q4 have been weak quarters for us, 
Q3 because of holidays. Sometimes the decisions are not taken in time – on time, and sometimes project people are not 
available to execute these projects in full blast. 

Q4 is a tough quarter to forecast, because it depends on when the budgets are finalized and how the budgets look like. 
Early indications of budgets don't give us any worry. It looks like it is probably flat to slightly up, but definitely you 
need more data on Q4 to be precise about Q4. 

Also, given the environment in which we are operating, the way in which we are doing this now is to say that, based on 
the data, we will take a view and then create capacity within the system to take advantage of higher growth possible 
during the quarter. That is what has happened in the last four quarters. So that seems to be working. It is a cautious 
approach to the environment in which we are operating and that's the reason why we've given this guidance. 

<Q - Nitin Padmanabhan>: Sure. And with regard to pricing, if you look at the – we have seen the average realized 
rates move up because of the change in mix and considering that and the price solutions as a whole and consulting is 
likely to continue to remain strong, do you see a further uptick there, or likely to remain where it is? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: See, pricing we have said is stable. 
Now revenue per employee is a function of business mix. So this quarter, yes, we saw consulting, package 
implementation set of service, system integration going up and we believe that discretionary spend will continue. 

Now what that is, we don't know at this point. The business mix exactly is difficult to predict and that's the reason why, 
when we give guidance, we typically assume that the pricing will be flat, or the revenue productivity assumed, is 
actually whatever is there at the end of the quarter, for creating this model. 

<Q - Nitin Padmanabhan>: Sure. Fair enough. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. The next question is from the line of Balaji Prasad from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Balaji Prasad>: Thank you. Congratulations on a very strong performance. I just had some follow-up questions 
on the attrition. Now with the wage – the promotions that you are giving, how much of this would just translate to 
people moving to higher wage bands and what could this average impact be? And secondly, what level do you think 
attrition can be regulated to because these measures? 

<A - T. V. Mohandas Pai>: Well let see me say this, the promotions are not going to make a material difference to a 
company with a $1.5 billion quarterly run rate. So I think it is small in the overall context, well within our capacity to 
absorb. And as far as attrition is concerned, if you look at the numbers, we lost nearly 5,400 people in quarter one, 
4,200 also in quarter two and quarter three the number – absolute number – should be lower. The relative number in 
terms of LTM will come down over a period of time. The LTM depends on the last four quarters, and it drops out one 
quarter where it is low, but overall the attrition trend is coming down. Will it reduce – will this promotion reduce? I 
believe so it will reduce, because people will see their aspirations being reached within the corporation and it's 
something that we have budgeted and very happy about. 

<Q - Balaji Prasad>: Okay. Thanks, Mr. Pai, but I understand that do you would be able to assume this impact, but 
what I want to understand also is, how much would this impact be – 10% of people moving to an higher wage band? 
What could that be? 


<A - T. V. Mohandas Pai>: Well, it will cost us $78 million, if you want it in million dollars, and that is something 
that we can easily absorb. 

<Q - Balaji Prasad>: Okay. 

<A - T. V. Mohandas Pai>: And because, the salary hike has already been given for people right, is not like a normal 
year, is a mid-year hike, mid-year hike, promotion hikes, are lower than beginning of the year, because beginning of the 
year, they already would have got a hike wherever they are. Now they get a promotion hike, so the difference will be 
smaller than the beginning of the year. 

<Q - Balaji Prasad>: Fair enough. Thank you. I'd also like to understand what your clients think about these attrition 
levels? 

<A - T. V. Mohandas Pai>: Well, every client is unhappy about the high attrition level, that's for sure. I will be 
unhappy too, if I was a client, to see people leaving, but now the attritions are coming down, I think people understand. 
But the fact is, our people have done a fantastic job of ensuring that attrition does not impede our delivery. They made 
sure that they covered up for the people who are leaving. They made sure the transition happened in a very smooth 
manner and they took care of every issue. I think – and the fact that we had a reasonable bend to the beginning of the 
year has also helped. 

And attrition is a fact across industry, even across industry, we are the least, because when you look at the attrition, 
people calculate on different basis, our attrition starts from the date you joined whether you are in probation, otherwise 
whenever you walk inside and you get an employee number, it starts from there. So I think that the industry attrition 
also has gone up. It should taper down in the next two quarters. 

<Q - Balaji Prasad>: That's helpful color. Thank you. My next question was on your revenues from your top 10 
clients, those have shown an improvement. Could we infer that your market share amongst your existing top 10 clients 
is increasing, or is this an increase in spending altogether from your top 10 clients? How should we interpret this? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: See, it's both. Our market share in our 
top 10 clients is increasing. We're becoming a very strategic partner for many of these clients. We're getting 
disproportionate percentage of their spend over time. And to the second part, yes, their investments in IT, information 
technology outsourcing, is increasing as they find that they are able to manage this environment better. They're 
accustomed to this environment. They have put their house in order. They have increased their profitability. They've 
improved their cash position. The balance sheets are stronger and they now are looking forward to investing in growth, 
investing in change, and we're part of that change that is happening. 

<Q - Balaji Prasad>: Thanks, Kris. I know it will be difficult to throw an quantum on this but from your sense, what 
do you think, is it the former which is greater than the latter, where your market share is increasing amongst existing 
clients? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: Yes, our market share is increasing. 

<Q - Balaji Prasad>: Fair enough. My last question, before I jump back into the queue, is on the operating margin 
strength going into next year, the headwinds for margins seem to be much stronger than before, multiple factors acting 
against margins. How much do you think volume growth alone will be able to mitigate this? I mean, if you want 
currency utilization, the ratio mix, all of it seems to be stacked against margins. What do you think about it? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: See, if the currency fluctuation is 
small; that is, it's gradual, then your ability to manage that will be better. Growth is an answer. So if we have good 
growth, the scale will allow you to manage some of the headwinds you see and you've seen that this quarter. We've 
been able to improve upon the margin when growth picked up. So growth is important, otherwise you have no – you 
have some levers, but the flexibility comes down. With growth and scale, your flexibility increases and we'll be able to 
manage headwinds much, much better. 

<Q - Balaji Prasad>: Do you think that you currently have -



<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: We should go to the next question, 
please. We should give others an opportunity. Thank you. 

<Q - Balaji Prasad>: Sure. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumit Poddar from Birla Sun Life Insurance. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Sumit Poddar>: Hello, sir. Congratulations on good set of numbers and increase in guidance. If I go through 
your service lines, geography, as well as verticals, what we're seeing is the non-traditional segments kind of growing 
faster than the traditional segments, whether it be service lines like testing, SI, product engineering services. 

Also on the geography side, as we talked about Europe, and within Europe, I think we heard the names of countries like 
Germany, Switzerland and France. So, I mean, should we take it as a trend going forward that non-traditional segments, 
which used to be – I mean, will be the new leaders for driving growth going ahead? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: See, non-traditional have become 
traditional segments for us. Today, we consider consulting to BPO as our core. We consider new services as things like 
learning services, platform solutions, etcetera. 

These are become core to our growth strategy. Having said that, you must remember that proactively, we are investing 
in these segments, proactively we are investing into France, Germany, Switzerland, et cetera. And we are trying to 
grow these, and some of these are results of our proactive investment into these services or markets to accelerate the 
growth. So in some sense, the strategy is yielding results. 

<Q - Sumit Poddar>: Sure, sure. But I mean – so we will continue to invest in such areas as well and we would be 
kind of seeing a far better growth in these segments, which have become core now? Is that the way I should take it? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: We are a multi-services company. We 
want to be a global company from a market perspective. We are proactively investing into Europe. We are proactively 
investing into Middle East, markets like Brazil, India, China, etcetera. And hopefully, those will yield results and 
change the revenue profile of the company. We'll become more global. 

<Q - Sumit Poddar>: Sure. And one more question on pricing side. What is our view on the pricing given that, I 
mean, we are facing supply side issues, as well as the growth has come back. And since the projects are shorter, 
probably the newer projects which may come up, I mean, there is a better chance of us or anybody kind of quoting 
higher than what it was earlier. So what's our view on pricing going ahead? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: See, we are seeing the pricing to be 
stable, and there are multiple reasons. Number one, while all those things which you told are right, there is still 
tremendous amount of uncertainty in the environment. 

And number two, most corporations are trying to sweat their assets. So it's very important for them to create dollars for 
their transformational projects. So they are trying to do maximum value extraction with the money that they spend. So 
due to those reasons, we are assuming that the pricing will be stable for the time being. We have seen revenue 
productivity improvement, but that came from portfolio mix change. 

<Q - Sumit Poddar>: Okay. But, I mean as – I mean in conjunction to my earlier question, if these – the other 
non-traditional, which now have become traditional grows or the change would continue to – does the product mix 
change would continue to be there. Right? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: Yeah. So if the portfolio mix continues, 
we do more and more consulting work, more and more enterprise solution work, which are of high revenue 
productivity and then the portfolio mix will reflect in our revenue productivity. That is not a pricing change. Pricing – 


when I talked about pricing change, we are discussing rate increases, ability for us to increase our rates. 

<Q - Sumit Poddar>: Right, got your point, sir. Thanks and all the best. If I have any question I will come back. 
Thanks. 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: Thank you. 

Operator 

[Operator instructions]. The next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Sandeep Shah>: Yes sir. Just -- congrats on the good set of numbers. The first thing is in terms of the 
promotions, the semi-annual cycle, the decision regarding the CM has been taken at the start of the year or is it just a 
recent decision which we have taken? And does this call for a change in our iRace program initiative or any feature 
regarding the same? 

<A - T. V. Mohandas Pai>: Well, mid-year promotion has been here for the last two years. One of the few companies 
which has a mid-year promotion and we have been having this mid-year promotion because we have to meet the 
aspiration of people, we have to meet the needs of growth. So this is part of the way we are. So it is not something that 
has come just this year. So it has been there for a couple of years. 

<Q - Sandeep Shah>: Okay, okay. So our first guidance given at the Q4, FY10 and FY – for the FY'11 was already 
considering this semi-annual promotion? 

<A - T. V. Mohandas Pai>: Yes. I mean, you don't expect our CFO to sign off on a guidance without putting every 
known and unknown thing into the model, do you? 

<Q - Sandeep Shah>: Yeah. Correct. Just on the – second thing on the IMS, the services mix which is perceived as the 
next growth driver for the Indian IT. But for Infosys, the contribution on the infrastructure management has gone down 
from 8% now four quarters back to almost 6%. So, does this require some more investment or the competitors are more 
aggressive in terms of the deal RFPs which are coming? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: See, that reflects actually growth in 
other areas. In absolute number, I don't think the infrastructure services have gone down. In fact, we're having actually 
quite large wins in the infrastructure services. I had over the quarter back we had announced a win in close to $200 
million in the infrastructure service. And – so infrastructure services are doing fairly well for us and we clearly see that 
as a engine of growth. 

Now, there is one – there is one difference with our infrastructure versus others, and I'll tell you why. We are looking 
for asset light model of infrastructure service. We are not looking asset heavy models of infrastructure service. 

In most places when you talk about infrastructure service, you're talking about – including hardware the pass-through 
revenue as being part of the infrastructure service, whereas in our case it is pure service. 

And I also want to give you some numbers, LTM basis if you look at it last year versus this year Q2, last year LTM – 
Q2 LTM 2010 was $318 million and this year's LTM 2011, is $367 million, on LTM basis. So and we're expecting that 
it will continue to grow. But please remember, ours is a pure service model. We don't take over hardware assets. So our 
numbers are going beyond the service side. And then in many of these large so called infrastructure deals, there will be 
a big part of infrastructure takeovers. 

<Q - Sandeep Shah>: It's really helpful. Thanks and all the best. 

Operator 

Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashwin Mehta from Nomura. Please go ahead. 


<Q - Ashwin Mehta>: Yes. In term of – we have seen a sharp jump in our SI revenues in this particular quarter. What 
would be the nature of these revenues or the duration of these revenues? Do you see that tailing off over the next one or 
two quarters or do you see possible offshore ramp-ups based on these revenues? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: So these revenues – we have given you 
the break-up by geography, we have given you the break-up by service line, we have given you break-up by industry, 
so you can see how – where the growth has come, etcetera. Broadly – the growth is very broad. It's across sectors. And 
we have also won some large deals and that is also helping us grow the business. So it's a combination of all these 
things. 

How it will pan out over the next two quarters? Again, we have given you the guidance. Traditionally Q3 and Q4 are 
difficult quarters for us, Q3 because of holidays, sometimes decisions get delayed because of holidays; Q4 because 
budgets could get delayed or budgets could change, and we may have to factor those in our guidance. So that's the 
reason why typically we've seen Q3, Q4 had a seasonality. 

Now last year Q3 was actually a very good quarter, last fiscal; that is because it was coming out of a recession, a 
downturn and suddenly growth picked up. So, we are saying that we're giving you a guidance based on the visibility we 
have. We're creating capacity to take advantage of growth opportunities that we see. And how it will end, we will know 
at the end of Q3, and we'll give a revised guidance, if need be, at the end of Q3 for Q4. 

<Q - Ashwin Mehta>: Okay sir, the second question in terms of – we're planning to do recruitment ahead of demand, 
so what is the outlook in terms of utilization? Do you see a possible deliberate reduction in utilizations going forward, 
so that you have a buffer in terms of taking up demand going forward? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: Yes. Our model always has been to 
bring utilization down to 77 to 79%, because that is what we model and that's what drives our recruitment. And so we 
are taking proactive steps now by adding another 11,000 people in Q3. Overall number for the year is 40,000, so we 
have increased our recruitment significantly. And hopefully that creates a capacity, what the utilization will be – actual 
will be, we'll know during the – at the end of the quarter. 

<Q - Ashwin Mehta>: Okay. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Thank you. 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: Last question, please? 

Operator 

Sure. The last question is from the line of Vihang Naik from MF Global. Please go ahead. Mr. Vihang Naik, please go 
ahead. 

<Q - Vihang Naik>: Hello. Can you hear me? 

Operator 

Yes. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Vihang Naik>: Yeah. Hi, my question was on the effort mix, basically we saw a lot of shift towards on-site in 
this quarter. And I think that might have got impacted our margins adversely, how do we see this particular metric 
going forward? 


<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: See whenever growth accelerates, 
project starts happen typically on-site, right. And so we saw growth accelerating and on-site went up and that's it. If 
growth continues, of course, we will see a higher percentage of on-site. 

There is also another reason for increased on-site. Consulting is typically done on-site, package implementation; a 
higher percentage of effort is spent compared to application development or maintenance or infrastructure management 
on-site with customers, so some of the service lines that grew have higher effort on-site. 

Now, from a margin perspective growth allowed us – increased utilization allowed us to actually manage some of these 
things and increase the operating margin by 1.9% in this quarter. 

<Q - Vihang Naik>: True. If I just can squeeze one more, your constant currency pricing basically especially on the 
offshore has, I think continuously been declining since probably last seven or eight quarters. This time you saw a good 
hefty on-site margin increase, but even offshore still continued to decrease. So how do you think – do you think this is 
just effort, this is just a change in the revenue mix or how are you seeing offshore pricing particularly? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: See we have said it's flat. So the 
changes you see are business mix change and increased volumes have discounts associated with that. So it's a function 
of all those things. And in that sense it's a very complicated number you see ultimately as revenue per employee, which 
we disclose because that consists of business mix. It consists of how much percentage of the work is done offshore. It 
depends on which customers are growing, which service lines are growing. So it's a complicated function all averaging 
out to a single number. Right now pricing is flat. 

S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director 
So thank you everyone for participating in this call. Look forward to interacting with you during the quarter and if not, 
at the end of the quarter. Please connect with our Investor Relationship managers if you need to talk to us and we are 
available. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you, gentlemen of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Infosys Technologies Limited, that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2012, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


