Q1 2011 Earnings Call - International Investors 


Company Participants 

• Shekar Narayanan, Senior Manager – Investor Relations 
• S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director 
• S. D. Shibulal, Chief Operating Officer 
• V. Balakrishnan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Subhash Dhar 
• B.G. Srinivas 
• T. V. Mohandas Pai 
Other Participants 

• Diviya Nagarajan 
• Mitali Ghosh 
• Edward Caso 
• Bhavan Suri 
• Pankaj Kapoor 
• Balaji Prasad 
• Karl Keirstead 
• Dipen Shah 
• Sandeep Shah 
• Yogesh Aggarwal 
• Rod Bourgeois 
• James Friedman 
• Kunal Sangoi 
• Ashwin Mehta 
• Nitin Padmanabhan 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, good morning, good afternoon, good evening and welcome to Infosys First Quarter Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, for the duration of this presentation, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of today's opening remarks. [Operator 
Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. 

I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Shekar Narayanan of Infosys Technologies Limited. Thank you, 
and over to you, Mr. Narayanan. 

Shekar Narayanan, Senior Manager – Investor Relations 

Thanks, Rochelle and good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I'm Shekar from the Investor Relations team in Bangalore. 
We thank you all for joining us today to discuss the financial results for the first quarter ended June 30, 2010. 


Joining us today in this conference room is CEO and Managing Director, Mr. Kris Gopalakrishnan, COO, Mr. S.D. 
Shibulal, and CFO, Mr. V. Balakrishnan, along with other members of senior management. 

We will start with a brief statement on the performance of the company during the quarter ended June 30, 2010, 
outlook for the quarter ending September 30 and year ending 31 March, 2011. After that we will open up the discussion 
for questions and answers. 

Before I hand over to Infosys management, I would like to remind you that anything we say which refers to our outlook 
for the future is a forward-looking statement and must be read in conjunction with the risks that the company faces. 

A full statement and explanation of these risks is available with our filings with the SEC, which can be found on 
www.sec.gov. 

I will now pass it on Mr. Kris Gopalakrishnan. 

S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director 
Thank you, Shekar, and good morning, good afternoon, good evening to every one of you. We had another excellent 
quarter. Now this is the third quarter where we are exceeding our guidance and we have grown reasonably well 
compared to where we were 12 months back. Revenues increased sequentially by 4.8%; in constant currency terms, the 
revenue increased by 6%. Volumes increased sequentially by 7.6%. This is in fact the first time since second quarter of 
2008 where the volume growth was over 7%. 

Our utilization increased to 78.7%. We added 38 new clients. We saw growth in North America, BFSI space, retail; 
some of our service lines are growing very well. When you look at where – when we look at our guidance for operating 
margin, we actually improved on the guidance and we've slightly exceeded our EPS guidance as well as margin 
guidance this quarter. This is the quarter where we have given a significant comp increase. We have increased the 
number of people we recruited – at the beginning of the quarter we said 7,000 people; we've entered with 8,859 gross 
hires. 

We are investing more on research and things like so. Overall, in spite of increased expenditure, investments for the 
future, we have actually done slightly better on margin. Currency fluctuation is a concern; Europe is a concern in the 
medium to long term. In the short term there is confidence in the business and hence we are revising our guidance – full 
year guidance to 19 to 21%. We expect to grow by 4.1% to 5% next quarter, and the full year guidance is 19 to 21%. 

Our margin for the full year will be approximately around 150 basis points lower than last year, which is exactly where 
we said we will be at the beginning of the quarter also. So in that sense in spite of our activation on the recruitment and 
things like that we are able to hold on to the margins. 

Overall, a positive quarter, positive outlook for the future with some concerns about the macroeconomical environment 
especially in Europe, and all around growth. 

Now, I'll hand it over to Shibulal to give you more details by segments, et cetera. 

S. D. Shibulal, Chief Operating Officer 
Thank you, Kris. As Kris said, the growth has been all around. Our top 10 clients revenue sequentially grew by 6.6%, 
constant currency terms 7.9%. The remaining clients, of the remaining clients other than the top 10 grew by 4.2% 
sequentially. So this quarter the growth has been led by the top 10. The top 25 clients revenue also increased 
sequentially by 5.5%, and other than the top 25 by 4.3%. 

We added 38 new clients this quarter. We have 341 million dollar clients as of this quarter. Eight clients contribute 
more than $100 million in LTV basis and 10 clients more than $90 million. As of right now we have 137 Fortune 500 
clients, and 124 Fortune 500 U.S. clients. Of the clients we added this quarter five of them are Fortune 500 clients and 


in U.S. terms and three are Fortune Global 500 clients. 

Employees for the quarter. We have added 8,859 gross and net 1,000. For the quarter two, we have given -- we have 
said that we will be adding 14,000 people and for the entire year 36,000 people. U.S. has led the growth. U.S. as a 
percentage is 67.3%. It grew sequentially by 6.8%. The rest of the world grew by 11.6%. 

From a service perspective, application development and maintenance grew by 7.8% and product engineering by about 
23% sequentially. Other than application development and maintenance relays 40.7% of our total revenue. 

Banking and capital markets -- the growth in vertical sales has been all around; banking and capital markets, retail, 
energy and utilities, manufacturing in U.S. and Europe. Banking and capital markets grew by 8.8% sequentially. 
Energy and utilities 9.9%, retail 6.4%. 

During the year, our pricing decreased by 1.6% sequentially compared with a decrease of 1.5% in Q4 of 2010. In 
constant currency terms, the decline is 0.6%, again it's the 0.7% decline last quarter. Pricing has stabilized. What we are 
seeing is a tail effect of what happened last year. And this goes – and it's the total effect of the pricing renegotiations 
we had during last year. We are not seeing any material pressure on absolute prices from current levels. 

Thank you. Let me now hand it over to Bala. 

V. Balakrishnan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Good afternoon, friends. As we know very good quarter. Our guidance was 5,919 crores to 5,963 crores and we did 
6,198 crores. Our growth in dollar terms was 4.8%, so look at constant currency its 6% growth. 

EPS guidance was 24.34 to 24.79. We're down 26.06. The operating margin this quarter has declined. Remember in the 
beginning of the year we said the operating margin could decline by 300 basis points in the first quarter, because of the 
rate increases and it actually declined by 1.8%. 

Rupee appreciated by 0.7% as compared to last quarter. The average for the quarter was 45.58. That's compared to 

45.91 last quarter, that had an impact of something around 30 basis points on the margin. Then the cross currencies 
moved against dollar. Most of the European currencies have declined against the U.S. dollar. That had an impact of 
close to $15 million, which means an impact of 60 basis points on the margin. 
Bill rates came down this quarter. On a blended basis, billing rates came down by 1.6%, but if you look at constant 
currency the decline was 0.6% that also had an impact on the margins. The utilization went up about 69.3% last quarter 
including trainees. This quarter it's 73, that possibly impacted the margin by 2.2%. And then you had the salary impact 
of 3% negative. So net-net operating margin declined by 1.8%. 

Non-operating income, we got a yield of around 6%, and tax went up, I mean, the effective tax rate has gone up from 
21% last year to 25% now. Today close to 80% of the revenues are getting taxed as compared to 70% last year. The 
effective tax rate went up that had an impact of 1% on the margin. So net-net decline in net margins is, one, basically 
due to rupee and cross currency, and number two is the taxes. 

Albeit done very well across all segments. North America grew by 6.8%. BFSI grew by 8.8%, top ten clients grew by 

6.6. All of them grew above the company average of 4.8%. Our DSO days are 60 days. It has slightly gone up from last 
quarter. Last quarter it was 59 days, but most of the accounts receivable, around 83% is less than 30 days. 
And subsidiaries have done well. BPO on a standalone basis did a revenue of 78 crores with an 8% net margin. INFY 
Australia 44 crores revenue, the net margin was 5%. Consulting 38 crores revenue and 8% net margin. China 15 
million and that was up 10%. Mexico 5 million, net margin up 6.7%; Sweden and Brazil are too small. So, overall, we 
have done well. We increased the guidance for the full year. Earlier we said 16 to 18% growth in dollar terms, now we 
are saying 19 to 21%, which means if you take the constant currency, the growth could be around 20 to 22%. 


For the full year, the operating margin projected to decline by something around 150 basis points, similar to what we 
predicted in the beginning of the year. And most of it is due to currency, because we assumed the rupee to be at 46.45, 
which is the closing rate for March to remain so for the rest of the year. 

And if you take the average rupee/dollar rate of 45.58 in the first quarter, for the full year, the average rupee/dollar will 
be 46.23. Last year it was 47.43, which means 2.5% appreciation in rupee, which could impact the margin by close to 
1% and balance could be due to pricing because we assume the pricing to remain at the same level like first quarter for 
rest of the year. 

Of course, for the full year, the net margin level, there could be a 1% impact because the effective tax rate goes up. So, 
overall, if you exclude that currency, probably the operating margin is within the narrow band of 50 basis points and 
the additional impact is only the taxes. 

So, overall, we have done well. We are seeing lot of demand coming in and that is reflected in the guidance what we 
have given. 

Thank you and we can open the floor for questions now. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Diviya Nagarajan of UBS. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Diviya Nagarajan>: Hi, guys. Congrats on a good quarter. Just a couple of questions. Firstly, saw that your 
numbers for the guidance have been revised upwards and also heard your comments that there are continued 
uncertainties in Europe at large, maybe not with our particular client base as such. But is there any way that you have 
built this kind of an uncertainty into your guidance for the fiscal? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: See the uncertainty is built into the 
guidance. We are seeing no client-specific issues in Europe. It's mostly the muted growth we are seeing across 
segments, across geography in Europe at this point. And we believe that Europe will take some time to recover. So this 
growth will have to be offset by higher growth rates in other parts of the world, other service sector, et cetera, which is 
what we are seeing right now. 

We are also gradually investing in Europe, which will give us additional clients, so expansion of our footprint in 
Europe is one way we can grow Europe and that's something we are investing in and growing. For example, we have a 
dedicated team for Europe, for France, for Germany, et cetera. We're recruiting locally to fill in the consulting 
positions, the client-facing positions and things like that and with this we hope that we can expand our footprint in 
Europe and hence grow Europe. 

<Q - Diviya Nagarajan>: Right. Right. And on the pricing front, what we have seen in offshore pricing in particular 
this quarter -- how should I read this? Is this a business mix change that you have had in this quarter which has affected 
it, or just a legacy impact of the price negotiations that we had in the past? And what do you think will be the scenario 
here going forward? 

<A - S. D. Shibulal, Chief Operating Officer>: So, as I said, pricing is trivial at this point. What we are seeing is a 
tail effect of the pricing renegotiations we did last year. Last year we had done some few – we have done few pricing 
renegotiations and the tail effect is showing mostly in offshore. But as of right now, there are no major pricing 
renegotiations in progress. There are standard renegotiations in progress, which is a normal part of our business. There 
is nothing unusual going on. 

<Q - Diviya Nagarajan>: When should we assume that the tailwind effect would start tapering off and probably 
neutralize? 


<A - V. Balakrishnan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, given that will take a couple of 
quarters because it depends on the customer mix also. I think it will take couple of quarters but if the demand 
environment continues to be strong, that could be called back earlier. 

<Q - Diviya Nagarajan>: Thanks. Once again a good quarter and all the best for the rest of the year. 

Operator 

Thank you, Ms. Nagarajan. Our next question is from the line of Mitali Ghosh of Banc of America/Merrill Lynch. 
Please go ahead. 

<Q - Mitali Ghosh>: Hello. 

Operator 

Please go ahead, Ms. Ghosh. 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: Go ahead. 

<Q - Mitali Ghosh>: Yes. Thank you and congratulations on the volume beat this quarter. Just following up on the 
previous question, I'm just wanting to understand a bit more on the constant currency pricing decline that you saw this 
quarter sequentially. Is this more to do with any specific one or two clients? Or is this due to some kind of mix change? 
If you could just help us understand that a bit better, please. 

<A - V. Balakrishnan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So as you know we have had some 
renegotiations last year. And some of those customers accelerated their growth. So it's a customer mix change rather 
than anything else. 

<Q - Mitali Ghosh>: Okay. So in the revised guidance that you have for the full year, how would the volume and 
pricing assumptions have changed within that? 

<A - V. Balakrishnan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So anyway, given a guidance of 19 to 
21%, we are assuming the pricing from the first quarter level continues for rest of the year, which means on a reported 
basis pricing could decline by close to 2%; the balance could be the volume growth. 

<Q - Mitali Ghosh>: Okay. Okay. And from what you just said in answer to the previous question, it is possible that in 
one or two quarters the pricing impact actually peters off, and you could possibly do better than what has been factored 
into the guidance? 

<A - V. Balakrishnan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, it's difficult to predict; that's why 
we normally assumed current levels to continue for rest of the year. But as I said earlier, the pricing declined this 
quarter mainly because of customer mix. Some of the customers that we had some pricing, think last year, they grew 
faster this quarter. And going forward, the demand environment continues to be strong and some of the customers 
where we have better price points grow faster that could get offset. 

<Q - Mitali Ghosh>: Sure. And just one question on the BPO side, we saw some decline this quarter in revenues, what 
does that really reflect and are there any client specific issues there? 

<A - V. Balakrishnan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. Historically, the first quarter of 
any of the fiscal obviously has a bit of a slight break compared to the last quarter, because the last quarter generally has 
a element of revenue catch-up during the year and large scale transition revenues heading in. So it's very much on the 
similar lines as to what we have experienced in the industry over the last couple of years. 

Having said that, I think the first quarter has really seen some good traction of five clients, five new clients getting on 
board. And we do believe that going forward this fiscal we'll continue to see a fairly robust growth of anything between 


15 to 20%, which is the guidance we gave last quarter. 

<Q - Mitali Ghosh>: Sure. Thanks. I'll come back later for more questions. If I can just squeeze in one last one which 
I'm sure all of us will want to know. Is it possible to share the quarter annualized attrition rate? 

<A - V. Balakrishnan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, you got 5,400 people in the 
fourth, but that will not be a good indication because this quarter we had 950 people who are – left us to go for higher 
education that will not be there after this quarter. Until that efficiency bursts in June are already down, so what you're 
seeing is a spike. 

<Q - Mitali Ghosh>: Sure. Thanks and this is for consolidated – this is just for IT, the 5,400? 

<A - V. Balakrishnan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: It's for IT Services; BPO [inaudible]. 

<Q - Mitali Ghosh>: Thanks. Thanks for that one. 

Operator 

Thank you, Ms. Ghosh. Our next question is from the line of Edward Caso of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Edward Caso>: Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my call. The increase in the hiring target from 30,000 to 
36,000, how much of that is to adjust from higher growth prospects and how much is it to adjust for what may be 
attrition running in the higher amount [inaudible]. U think there was discussion about an expectation that the attrition 
rate would come down; is that still the case? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: Well, about 2,000 for attrition and 
4,000 for growth. 

<Q - Edward Caso>: Okay. And Bala, could you get us updated on what's happening on the tax front? I know there is 
some uncertainty around the SECs. 

<A - V. Balakrishnan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, the new tax code talks about 
continuation of tax holidays on the SEC trend only for developers not for units. And there is uncertainty whether the 
new unit starting after vehicle first of next year will get the benefit of tax. That is still under the discussion of the 
government, so we have to wait for it. But as of now, our effective tax rate is already 25%. If the tax rebate as per the 
direct tax code comes at the promised level of 25%, then the impact on us will be less because we're already across the 
hump. 

<Q - Edward Caso>: My last question is around protectionism. Given that unemployment has remained high in the 

U.S. and particularly in the United Kingdom, are you seeing any increased pushback? Slow decisions, some pressure 
from government both on you directly and also on your clients? 
<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: No, not at this point. We've not seen 
any concerns from either clients or from governments. Of course, there is talk about a new immigration bill coming up 
in the U.S. But we will have to wait and see whether it will have an impact. But right now, no impact at all. 

<Q - Edward Caso>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you, Mr. Caso. Our next question is from the line of Bhavan Suri of William Blair. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Bhavan Suri>: Hey, guys. Just a couple of quick questions here. First on the telecommunications business. I'd 
been expecting that to sort of start recovering, especially as you've seen one client start to wind down. Any sense of 
when that might start ticking up sequentially or was that -- was there another material client that continued to decline in 


that business? 

<A - Subhash Dhar>: Hi, this is Subhash Dhar, so I will take that question. We have been seeing a pick up on the 
network spend side for the last couple of quarters, and typically that's the leading indicator that the system spends will 
follow. Normally -- even in a normal economy we would start seeing it already. I think there is a slowness in -- even in 
the capital spend on networks which we have been seeing after the downturn. So the way we look at it, its certain that 
the system spend is going to return. What is uncertain is exactly when. So we are hoping that in the next couple of 
quarters it will. 

<Q - Bhavan Suri>: Great. And then just drilling down into Europe a little bit, manufacturing had a nice uptick too. 
Any sense of -- have you seen any sort of delays in Europe at all in terms of project starts or decision making or 
anything at the transaction level? 

<A - B.G. Srinivas>: This is B.G. Srinivas. As far as our clients business is concerned, there is a relative -- it is 
relatively stable. There is no significant change or any program slowdown. Business as usual continues, however, 
decision making has always been slow in Europe, so that continues. 

So the current crisis, which is the debt crisis in Europe is not really impacting our branch business for now. We do not 
have direct exposure to the countries, which are impacted; Greece, Spain, Portugal, Ireland. 

However, we are closely watching our clients business, the top 25 clients we analyzed. They don't have significant 
exposure to these countries. So for now the client environment is still stable. There is marginal uptake, the recovery 
process for our clients business continues, though it is relatively slower. 

So for near-term, we do not suspect too many changes to happen, but the macroeconomic situation is making the 
sentiments level downward and then that's what we are watching. 

<Q - Bhavan Suri>: Great. Thanks. That's all I have for now. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you, Mr. Suri. Our next question is from the line of Pankaj Kapoor of RBS Equities. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Pankaj Kapoor>: Yeah. Hi, sir. Just on the quarter, I was wondering what really pushed the volume growth up to 
7% plus that we saw versus the 3% odd that we were looking at in April? Is there any kind of a one-time during the 
quarter and going forward how sustainable do you see this? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: So our top 10 clients -- top 25 clients 
all grew faster than the company. Top 10 clients grew 6.6%, top 25 clients grew by around 5 or 5.2%. So that's one 
reason why we grew faster. BFSI segment grew 8.8%, U.S. grew 6.8%. So we had marginable growth engines and 
when many of these click, you will have a good growth and that is what we saw this quarter. 

Since the uncertainty is there in the environment, especially in the medium to long-term, because nobody is able to say 
what will happen in Europe and how it will impact rest of the world et cetera. What we did was or what we are doing is 
that we want to make sure that, if we see an acceleration in growth we take advantage of that. Last three quarters we 
came in higher than guidance, it is because we were prepared to take advantage of growth opportunities. 

So we want to continue to be prepared to take advantage of growth opportunities and hence we are increasing our 
recruitment numbers. We are increasing our Visa numbers. We are investing in continuing to build solutions, 
continuing to build client relationships and things and getting better prepared. And that's what is happening. 

We've given you the guidance of what we see today as our business. Of course when we give our guidance, we are 
saying that that's something we will get to in the sense that there is a reasonable confidence about these numbers. But 
we are also prepared to take advantage of any opportunity that comes our way in the future. 


<Q - Pankaj Kapoor>: Okay. So is it fair to assume that there was no one-off ramp-up or something that we saw in 
either a specific client or in a specific vertical? Is that a fair assumption? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: Yes. 

<Q - Pankaj Kapoor>: Okay. And a second, Bala, in the last quarter you had given the math of that 150 basis point 
drop that we are anticipating for the full year margin in terms of the hit on the currency, wage hike and so on. I was 
wondering that with the revised volume growth number that we are looking at, but since we are keeping the impact 
same, if you can share the revised math over there, please? 

<A - V. Balakrishnan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No, it is the same. We are not saying 
that. Full year if you look at our guidance, the operating margin could decline by 150 basis points. But, again, mainly 
because of rupee, because if you take the first quarter average of 45.58 and take the rest of the three quarters at 46.45, 
the average for the full year could be 46.23, last year it was 47.43. That will be around 2.5% appreciation, which means 
an impact of 1% on the margin. That focus like the wage increases will get normalized over the year and pricing could 
get offset by utilization. So net-net the main impact on operating margin level is the currency and at the net level there 
is additional impact of 1% because of taxes. 

<Q - Pankaj Kapoor>: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks. All the best. 

Operator 

Thank you, Mr. Kapoor. Our next question is from the line of Balaji Prasad of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Balaji Prasad>: Hi. Good afternoon, gentlemen. Congratulations on the results. I have a couple of items, which 
we're trying to reconcile. Firstly, the business between new client adds and repeat business. Despite 38 new clients this 
quarter repeat business is only -- accounts for nearly 99.5% of the revenues. Seems to imply that new client adds had 
limited contribution to growth and it's quite different from the past, so any particular explanation for this. 

<A - V. Balakrishnan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: The repeat business computation is 
resetted every year, in the beginning of the year. So during the first quarter you always see very high numbers. 

<Q - Balaji Prasad>: But 99.5% is getting ... 

<A - V. Balakrishnan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: If you look at it historically -- if you 
look at it historically it is around 99%. But -- and our repeat business is anywhere between 94 to 96% for the year. 

<Q - Balaji Prasad>: Okay. 

<A - V. Balakrishnan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: And in the first quarter it is 
approximately 99, I've seen 99 in the past. 

<Q - Balaji Prasad>: Okay, so there is more of a sequential, or a seasonal trend. 

<A - V. Balakrishnan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. There is nothing to read there on 
the repeat business. 

<Q - Balaji Prasad>: Okay, great. Secondly, in the revenue contribution from various currencies, we see that the 
revenue contribution from the pound has dropped from 8.7% to 6.8%, again can you help us understand the reason for 
this? 

<A - V. Balakrishnan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No, no revenue contribution from U.K. 
Pound is around 8.8% and that has not changed drastically, but if you look in dollar terms that could vary, because of 
the currency movement. 

<Q - Balaji Prasad>: Okay. This is the pound converted into dollars that you reported? 


<A - V. Balakrishnan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, yes. Because if you look at U.K. 
Pound it was 8.7% last quarter of total revenues, now it is 8.8%. 

<Q - Balaji Prasad>: Okay. The table that we have shows 6.8% in the Q1 FY'11. 

<A - V. Balakrishnan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Can you repeat the percent? 

<Q - Balaji Prasad>: The table that we have on page seven shows 6.8% under Q1 FY '11. 

<A - T. V. Mohandas Pai>: I wrote it on dollar terms. 

<Q - Balaji Prasad>: Okay. Okay. Lastly on the attrition, I mean Infosys has been one of the highest wage hike 
providers amongst your peers this year and despite that net attrition even including people going for higher studies has 
been reasonably high. Any particular trend that we are signaling all year? 

<A - T. V. Mohandas Pai>: You are seeing the result of suppressed demand both sides of the equation. Surpressed 
demand because people did not hire in the past two years, they shut their bench and when demand came back, they had 
to madly stand for work for people. 

<Q - Balaji Prasad>: Okay. 

<A - T. V. Mohandas Pai>: On the other side, many people for the last two years did not adjust. So I think its a perfect 
storm, so we had higher attrition. But attrition has tampered off. In June it's come down, even after we take all the 
factors. And in June the impact we felt has been cut. 

<Q - Balaji Prasad>: Okay. And just maybe to understand the kind of people who left the company, is it more 
amongst last flows or more of juniors, what kind of employees have moved out of the company? 

<A - T. V. Mohandas Pai>: Well, I think people in the three to six years experience band, they're the largest group that 
has moved out. 

<Q - Balaji Prasad>: Okay. Thanks, Mohan. Good luck for the rest of the day gentlemen. 

Operator 

Thank you, Mr. Prasad. Our next question is from the line of Karl Keirstead of Kaufman Brothers. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Karl Keirstead>: Thank you. I have got two questions. One on the margins and one on the demand backdrop. 
First on the margins, Bala, I just want to go back to the impact of the rupee, when Infosys set its guidance three months 
ago, you were assuming a rupee rate of 44.5 and it turned out to be 45.58, so you have a benefit relative to your 
guidance and yet your full year margins are still expected to be down 150 basis points. So, I am wondering what was 
the offset, what was the cost pressures that you recorded in the quarter that might have exceeded your expectations and 
offset the benefit of the rupee? Thank you. 

<A - V. Balakrishnan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, if you look at the currency, rupee 
is one of the factor, but you have to look at the cross currencies also. Because when we gave the guidance in April, we 
assumed 1.35 for euro to dollar, now it has come down to 1.23. So the cross currency impact is there, which will come 
and offset that. 

<Q - Karl Keirstead>: Is that the main factor in your judgment for why we didn't see the benefit of the rupee this 
quarter and for the full year margin guidance or is there anything else Bala that surprised you? 

<A - V. Balakrishnan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, mainly that because the movement 
in cross currency more or less offset the rupee depreciation against the dollar. 

<Q - Karl Keirstead>: Okay. Thanks. And then second on the demand backdrop, it sounds like you're anticipating a 
fairly muted environment in Europe through the remainder of fiscal '11, and yet you've increased your full year 


guidance from 16 to 18 to 19 to 21. So, obviously North America must be running very strong to offset that. And I'm 
wondering what's giving you the confidence that the volume surge in North America can continue to be strong enough 
to offset a sluggish Europe? 

<A - V. Balakrishnan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: See we had three quarters of good 
growth, you know, 5%, 6%. This quarter if you look at constant currency – 6%, 5% in this quarter, if you look at 
constant currency terms, again, 6%. So Europe is compensated by higher growth in North America, higher growth in 
rest of the World, higher growth in different verticals, and our BFSI space grew 8.8%, retail grew – and that's what is 
giving us the confidence. And this is based on our polling or talking to our clients and getting feedback how they see 
their spend certifying this year, et cetera. So it's based on a lot of feedback from our clients and lists, et cetera. It's based 
on what services and solutions we have, based on the capacity we have and based on our own perception of risk and 
things like that. So that is to repeat – do you want to – the various revenue streams et cetera, so based on that we have 
come up with this number. 

<Q - Karl Keirstead>: Okay. And I think, Kris and Bala, two quarters ago you were a little worried that the – the 
volume strength in North America could be due to some degree by pent up demand and hence it could be 
unsustainable. Is it fair to say that we're now beyond the pent up demand boost and this is something that is more 
sustainable and has a different source? 

<A - V. Balakrishnan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: See the reason why we are prepared to 
take advantage of higher growth rate is, we're still cautious, we're still watching the situation. The increase in guidance 
is based on first quarter growth, and if you fact that in, you will see that you'll get 19 to 21%. And we're still looking at 
a cautious future. There is better confidence or more confidence, but we are still cautious. 

<Q - Karl Keirstead>: Okay. Congratulations on the quarter. 

Operator 

Thank you Mr. Keirstead. Our next question is from the line of Dipen Shah of Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Dipen Shah>: Yeah. Most of the questions have been answered. Can you just give me the breakup of the building 
rate declines onsite and offshore, please? Thank you very much. 

<A - V. Balakrishnan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well onsite on a reported basis 
increased by 1.1%, offshore declined by 4.2, blended is a decline of 1.6. If you look at the constant currency, onsite 
increased 2.2, offshore declined 3.2, so mixed a blended decline of 0.6. 

<Q - Dipen Shah>: Okay. Thanks very much and all the best. 

Operator 

Thank you Mr. Shah. Our next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah of ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Sandeep Shah>: Yes. Last time during the Q4 results you have said that the earlier renegotiations with the clients 
will impact the pricing in FY'11, but the change in the service mix may mitigate the same. So do we expect the same to 
repeat now revising the guidance in the Q1 FY'11 results? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: So if in the Package Implementation, 
Consulting extra growth then you'll have a different revenue profile and revenue productivity profile for the company. 
So it depends on which of these -- which customer et cetera. Right now, of course, in our Application Maintenance 
grew faster this quarter. 

<Q - Sandeep Shah>: Okay. So the revised guidance, is it factoring the change in the service mix towards high billing 
rate services growing faster than the low billing rate? Or we are just assuming the first quarter to continue as an 


assumption basis? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: It is based on feedback and 
commentary from our clients and from our sales and marketing for – marketing on what basis. So it's a bottom up, 
building-up of our budget and also a forecast. It's based on data from the market and from our customers. 

<Q - Sandeep Shah>: Okay. And if you look at the change in the full year guidance on an absolute basis its close to 
around 140 to $150 million for the FY'11, if you look at versus the Q4 guidance for the year given. And this is despite 
factoring a higher constant currency -- cross currency impact. So the higher upgrade is largely coming through higher 
wallet share of Infosys or it's been higher demand and higher IT spend, which you are witnessing? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: It's all of the above. We are seeing 
higher demand. The recovery has given confidence to customers for spending money, companies to spend money and 
companies to spend with offshore IT service providers. That's one. 

Second of course our own practice investment in creating capability, understanding business needs of our clients, et 
cetera, that is also helping us grow within existing relationships and existing clients. 

And third, yes, we strongly believe that the larger companies, the companies like Infosys are growing faster in this 
environment, and so hence we are taking market share from lot of the other companies out there, and some of the 
global system integrators. 

<Q - Sandeep Shah>: Okay, okay. And just last, bookkeeping, Bala, what was the Visa expenses in this quarter and 
how this will look like going forward in the coming quarters? 

<A - V. Balakrishnan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Normally we spend around 15-16 
million in the first quarter and this year the trend continued, because we are seeing the environment coming back. Last 
year it was soft, because the whole environment was soft. So this is like any other normal quarter but we had to make 
the investment, so we made that investment. 

<Q - Sandeep Shah>: Okay. So the coming quarter is likely to be, like almost negligible expense because of this? 

<A - V. Balakrishnan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, it depends on the growth. If you 
see the growth momentum continuing, probably we'll invest some more in the second quarter on Visa. 

<Q - Sandeep Shah>: Okay, okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you, Mr. Shah. Our next question is from the line of Yogesh Aggarwal of HSBC Securities. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Yogesh Aggarwal>: Yeah, hi. I just have one question if I may. Just trying to understand the level of visibility of 
confidence in the guidance, compared to the previous years. So basically if we assume that the sale cycles has 
shortened, which I assume it would be, and therefore are you assuming a little higher proportion of pipeline conversion 
in the guidance? Or like you said, it's mostly driven by the signed Visa bookings? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: So we have a particular model. We 
need a certain visibility and based on that we come up with the guidance. Of course, based on the environment, so for 
example, I know we have had three quarters of growth. So that gives us confidence in the short term. But medium to 
long-term definitely, we'll be a little bit more conservative, because the environment continues to be uncertain. So 
higher confidence in the short-term and the model worth, probably less confidence in the medium to long-term and 
that's how we modeled it. 

<Q - Yogesh Aggarwal>: But the win rate you assumed of your pipeline is the same as historically you would have 
assumed? 


<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: You know the pipeline will get 
adjusted based on the model, right, in the sense that actually the pipeline drives the model, but the model gets adjusted 
based on the environment. So that's how it is. And the number is a reflection of the product of these two, the probability 
of conversion which we factor in and how the model is built. So that gives you what should be your prediction of what 
could be your forecast and from that we derive the guidance. So that's how it works. 

<Q - Yogesh Aggarwal>: All right. Okay and any color on the products business? 

<A - V. Balakrishnan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Finacle did about $62 million. I think 
they delivered well. What they're essentially delivering is what they sold earlier because they're all getting 
implemented. They had some very good wins. They had 13 installations going live this quarter and six new wins. 
Finacle is seeing good traction in the United States. They have some eight to nine conversations going. And in Europe 
too they are seeing some increased traction. The market is opening up at the level below the Tier 1 banks, and some of 
the Tier 1 banks are having some interesting conversations. So I think Finacle is on a high growth path this year. 

<Q - Yogesh Aggarwal>: Okay. Thanks a lot sir. 

Operator 

Thank you, Mr. Aggarwal. Our next question is from the line of Rod Bourgeois of Bernstein. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Rod Bourgeois>: Yes, guys. Last quarter Infosys and other top IT services players saw a meaningful rebound in 
discretionary services demand. So I guess I'm wondering are you still seeing a rebound in demand for discretionary 
services and in transformational deals. When you look at the ADM growth, which was stronger than the growth in the 
rest of the business, it might suggest that discretionary services demand has slowed some relative to the more 
maintenance part of the business. But I'm wondering if that's also true in the pipeline or is that just a one-time blip in 
the numbers across service lines? 

<A - S. D. Shibulal, Chief Operating Officer>: No I don't see any secular trend in what we have seen this quarter. It 
is more of a seasonal number. We are not seeing any change in pipeline for transformational or operational deals. We 
have seen traction in both. Especially in U.S. quite a lot of clients are spending on their transformational work. If you 
look at our growth in retail, for example, that is led by transformational work. If you look at our growth in energy and 
utilities, it is probably 50:50; that is transformational and operational work. BFSI did grow very well this quarter. There 
the operational work is majority, maybe about 80% of the work which we are doing, which we got additional in this 
quarter is operational in nature. There is no change in the secular trend. We have seen traction in transformational and 
operational work. 

<Q - Rod Bourgeois>: Great. And then on the pricing front, not to overdo that topic, but what's causing you to assume 
pricing will stabilize during the remainder of the fiscal year? And I guess specifically I'm wondering, are you seeing 
pricing starting to improve on new deals or are you seeing existing clients now willing to pay incrementally higher 
prices due to the improved demand and tighter offshore labor market? 

<A - S. D. Shibulal, Chief Operating Officer>: So there are multiple points. We are not seeing any unusual activity 
on the pricing renegotiations. We are having pricing renegotiations, some up and some down. But we would consider 
that as part of a normal business cycle. So we are not seeing any unusual activity on the pricing renegotiations. The 
annuities which we are getting are at company average. So these two data points lead us towards the belief that the 
pricing has stabilized. There are occasions when we are able to get higher price. So that also is a third data point. What 
we have seen this quarter at one point it was down on the revenue productivity, we believe is still effects of the pricing 
renegotiations we did last year. And for the rest of the year we have assumed stable pricing. 

<Q - Rod Bourgeois>: All right, guys. Thank you. 

<A - S. D. Shibulal, Chief Operating Officer>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Thank you Mr. Bourgeois. Our next question is from the line of James Friedman of Susquehanna. Please go ahead. 

<Q - James Friedman>: Hi and thank you for taking my question. Bala I wanted to ask, did you have specific 
instructions with regard to the growth in Europe for fiscal '11? 

<A - S. D. Shibulal, Chief Operating Officer>: Please repeat the question. 

<Q - James Friedman>: Well, I was asking how fast do you expect Europe to grow in fiscal '11, would it be slower 
than 19 to 21 and if so by what magnitude? 

<A - S. D. Shibulal, Chief Operating Officer>: So it's already slower than the U.S., right. If you look at the growth in 
Q1, the U.S. has outgrown Europe in percentage terms in Q1. We are seeing challenges in Europe, some of them are – 
of course you know the crisis which is going on in Europe. Even though other countries which are in trouble – our 
revenue is less than 1%, but the velocity of decision making in Europe is definitely below what we are seeing in the 
U.S., and we expect that to continue a bit more in this year. 

<Q - James Friedman>: So if it declined 5.8% as reported – 0.8% constant currency, do you expect it will grow in 
2011? 

<A - S. D. Shibulal, Chief Operating Officer>: So, as there was a decline due to currency, the number is difficult to 
predict. But we are definitely – we are assuming that the U.S. will definitely grow faster than Europe this year. 

<Q - James Friedman>: Okay. And then you also listed many subsidiaries that have now gone profitable and it's 
impressive traction between Australia and Consulting and China. Are there any that are continuing to be investment – 
still losing money, and if so, what in that total margin contemplation for 150 basis points for 2011, what percentage of 
that is related to the breakeven and profitability trajectory of some of these subsidiaries? 

<A - S. D. Shibulal, Chief Operating Officer>: So all of our substantial subsidiaries -- China, Australia, Infy BPO-they 
are all profitable and doing well. The ones which we are not doing well or behind the curve are small ones -Mexico, 
Brazil -- and these are all due to scale issues. And the impact of their loss on the balance sheet would be very, 
very notional, very, very small actually because they are too small. 

<Q - James Friedman>: Okay, Shibulal. Thanks for taking my questions. 

<A - S. D. Shibulal, Chief Operating Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you, Mr. Friedman. Our next question is from the line of Kunal Sangoi of Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Kunal Sangoi>: Yeah, thanks for taking my questions. My question is with regards to large deals. Last quarter we 
had announced a few large deals as well as transformational deals. If management could update us on some of the large 
wins this quarter, please. 

<A - S. D. Shibulal, Chief Operating Officer>: We have closed some of them this quarter, but these deals are usually 
very long incubation period. The other bearing point is we have been about 12 of them. We have closed couple of them 
this quarter. And the transformational deals, also we have quite a few in the pipeline. 

<Q - Kunal Sangoi>: Okay. Second question to Bala, with regards to -- we've raised the guidance by about $140 
million on topline front. Now if you had to look at on the EPS side, I think, the upgrade in EPS has been essentially due 
to rebasing our U.S. dollar assumptions. If you can update that whether that interim -- what the sense is that? 
Incremental revenues are not fetching any upgrade in the EPS, so what is the disconnect there? 


<A - V. Balakrishnan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No, there is no disconnect. The 
revenues for the full year increased by around $140 million, but you have the cross-currency impact also because we 
had assumed certain levels for cross currency; all of them moved against us. And 50% of the revenue goes to wages. If 
we discount that 70 million around 40, $50 million is cross-currency impact, balance 20 million has come down to the 
bottom line. 

<Q - Kunal Sangoi>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you, Mr. Sangoi. Our next question is from the line of Ashwin Mehta of Motilal Oswal Securities Ltd. Please go 
ahead. 

<Q - Ashwin Mehta>: Yes. I just want to understand what's caused the significant jump of almost 2% in our on-site 
contribution. Is it significant project transition starting there and that gives a visibility for our upgrade in our dollar 
venue guidance for next year? 

<A - S. D. Shibulal, Chief Operating Officer>: So generally in a high growth quarter, the end of June has a lot more 
project starts than normal and most of our projects do start on-site. So the on-site percentages tend to go up a little bit in 
the first quarter. 

<Q - Ashwin Mehta>: Okay. So that would have possibly caused just to raise our dollar venue guidance for the full 
year. 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: Well, overall growth has given us the 
confidence to raise the revenue numbers for the year, the overall confidence in the business. 

<Q - Ashwin Mehta>: And secondly in terms of our plans for acquisitions, is there anything on the ambit as of now? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: We have a dedicated team looking at 
acquisitions. We have to find the right company at the right price, the company that would like to be acquired et cetera. 
So there are lots of factors in play when it comes to acquisition. And all I can say is that the will is there. We have to 
find the right candidate who is willing to be acquired. 

<Q - Ashwin Mehta>: Okay. Okay. Thanks a lot, sir, and all the best. 

Operator 

Thank you, Mr. Mehta. Our next question is from the line of Hardik Shah of Asit C. Mehta. Please go ahead. 

<Q>: Thank you for taking my question. Sir, I'd like to know what will be the gross utilization level you're targeting for 
FY'11? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: Can you repeat that? It was very 
muted. 

<Q>: Sir what is the target gross utilization level for finical '11. 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: What is the target -- what? 

<Q>: Gross utilization level for FY'11 sir? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: See right now utilization is close to 
80% excluding trainees. Including trainees is around 70.7. Our target for excluding trainees is actually 77, but it can go 
up to even 81. In the past it has gone up to 81, but we target to bring it down -- keep it around 77. Our target including 
trainees is 10% lower than that, so 67 to 70%. 


<Q>: And sir, last question, what is the impact of higher number of working days on the volume growth this quarter? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: These things get normalized, actually. 
If you look at working days in every quarter, at most there may be a difference of one or something like that said. So 
impact is minimal. 

<Q>: Okay sir, thank you. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you Mr. Shah. Our next question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan of Indiabulls Securities. Please go ahead 

<Q - Nitin Padmanabhan>: Yeah, hi. Thanks for taking my question. If I look at the net profit for Infy BPO and 
Consulting, it seems to have come off pretty sharply on a Q-on-Q basis. Any specific reason for that? I think BPO is 
almost half? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: Yeah, the – there are really two, three 
reasons. One is of course, the first quarter has had about 6 to 6.5% of salary impact, that's one level. If you remember 
we had done this acquisition last year on McCamish, there are integration costs of about 2.5% and the currency impact 
is about a 1%, so really all of this in the first quarter is what has impacted. 

<Q - Nitin Padmanabhan>: And is this likely to normalize next quarter because the acquisition and integration cost 
wouldn't be there next quarter – so it has to be normalized? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: Yeah the integration cost will get 
normalized, they will continue. But as I said, it's also a function of revenues, the kind of fact in our new clients 
acquisition that we've had we do obviously expect the revenues to grow and that should itself start taking care of the 
bottom line as we move forward and continue to get to the guidance of anywhere between 18 to 20%. 

<Q - Nitin Padmanabhan>: And how about Consulting? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: Sorry. 

<Q - Nitin Padmanabhan>: How about Consulting, Infy Consulting is $3.25 million for the quarter, while it's 23, $24 
million last quarter. Anything, said of it? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: It's a tax issue. 

<Q - Nitin Padmanabhan>: Okay. Sure. And there is one last thing, with regards to the effective tax rate, what could 
be your range going forward? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director>: On the tax rate? 

<Q - Nitin Padmanabhan>: Yeah. 

<A - V. Balakrishnan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Tax rate, the effective tax rate was 21% 
last year, this year we're assuming it be 25. Next year if the new tax rules come in at a promised tax rate of 25% then 
we'll be better off. 

You're early question on consulting, last quarter the profitability was high because there was a deferred tax credit which 
we took because of the losses we had in the past and that got normalized this quarter. 

<Q - Nitin Padmanabhan>: Sure. Perfect. Thank you. 

Operator 


Thank you, Mr. Padmanabhan. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints that was the last question. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Kris Gopalakrishnan. 

S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director 
So thank you all very much for participating in this call. We look forward to interacting with you during the quarter. 
Our investment relationship managers are available to interact with you, and of course, we are also available. Thank 
you again. 

Operator 

Thank you, Mr. Gopalakrishnan, thank you gentlemen on the management team. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of 
Infosys Technologies Limited that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us on the Chorus Call 
Conferencing Service and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


