Q1 2009 Earnings Call - US & European Investors 

Company Participants 

• Sandeep Mahindroo, Senior Manager, Investor Relations 
• S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director 
• S. D. Shibulal, Chief Operating Officer 
• V. Balakrishnan, Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Trip Chowdhry 
• Moshe Katri 
• Joseph Foresi 
• George Price 
• Anthony Miller 
• David Grossman 
• Karl Keirstead 
• B.G. Srinivas 
• Arvind Ramnani 
• Julio Quinteros 
• Ashish Thadhani 
• Rod Bourgeois 
• Kanchana Vydianathan 
• Ed Caso 
• Brian Kintslinger 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Brandy and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the First Quarter Fiscal 2009 Results for Infosys Technologies Conference Call. All lines have been placed 
on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. 
[Operator Instructions] 

I would now like to turn the conference over to Sandeep Mahindroo from the Investor Relations team for Infosys 
Technologies. Please go ahead, sir. 

Sandeep Mahindroo, Senior Manager, Investor Relations 

Thanks, Brandy. Good morning everyone and welcome to this call to discuss Infosys' financial results for the quarter 
ending June 30, 2008. I'm Sandeep from the Investor Relations team in New York. Joining us today on this call is CEO 
and MD, Mr. S. Gopalakrishnan; COO, Mr. S. D. Shibulal; and CFO, Mr. V. Balakrishnan, along with other members 
of the senior management. 


We start the proceedings with a brief statement on the performance of the company for the recently concluded quarter, 
followed by outlook for the quarter ending September 30, 2008 and year ending March 31, 2009. Subsequently, we'll 
open up the discussion for Q&A. 

Before I pass it on to management, I would like to remind you that anything that we say which refers to our outlook for 
the future is a forward-looking statement, and must be read in conjunction with the risks that the company faces. A full 
statement and explanation of these risks is available in our filings with the SEC, which can be found on www.sec.gov. 

I'll now pass it on to Mr. S. Gopalakrishnan. 

S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director 
Thanks, Sandeep and good morning, good afternoon and good evening to everyone of you wherever you are. Thanks 
for joining us for this call at the end of quarter one. Our quarter one revenues of $1,155 million is a growth of about 
24.5% from last year. This is compared to the guidance we gave of 1,142 to 1,145, so we've exceeded the guidance 
given that we've come to 1,155. 

The operating margins are slightly down as we said at the beginning of the quarter because it gets impacted by the 
salary increases as well as visa costs and things like that. We've actually given a guidance of 5.2 to 6.1% growth for 
Q2. This is because of an all-round good performance; we have added 49 new clients. 

If you look at the various industry verticals; banking, financial services, manufacturing, retail, all have sequentially 
grown. Even banking and financial services grew by 4%, U.S. grew by 4.3%. Except for one client in the top 10, if we 
exclude that, the top 10 segment grew by 3.8%, the non-top 10 segment grew by 3.9%. We added 7,182 employees at 
the gross level, compared to 6,000 which we gave as guidance. And we are planning to add another 10,000 employees 
this quarter, so overall good performance. 

We have been of course positively impacted by the depreciation of rupee and that helped to offset some of the 
additional expenses this quarter from salary increases and visa costs. And we are optimistic about the future, and we 
believe that our guidance for the year of 19 to 21% stands at this point. We have not looked at revising it because of the 
challenging environment in which we are, but overall it's an optimistic environment to be in. 

I'm now going to ask my colleague, Shibulal to give you some more information on various segments and things like 
that. 

S. D. Shibulal, Chief Operating Officer 
So as Kris said, it has been a good quarter for us. We have added 49 new clients, very strong client addition. The 
number of million dollar clients has gone up to 325 from 310. Out of the new clients we added, three of them are 
Fortune 500. Today we have 114 Fortune 500 clients. 

Our growth has been all around. If you look at the vertical segmentation, banking and financial services grew by 4% 
quarter-on-quarter; manufacturing has shown very strong growth, 13.3%; retail has grown 3.7% quarter-on-quarter. So 
we have seen growth in multiple verticals – energy and utilities grew by 5.1%. 

The segmentation based on services, business process management grew from 6% to 6.3% from last quarter to this 
quarter. Infrastructure management has reached 7.5% of our revenue, and that is almost 0.9 – actually 1.1% up from 
last quarter, last quarter it was 4.6%. 

We are also seeing strong pickup in consulting service and package implementation. Our revenue from consulting 
service and package implementation did cost over $275 million. We had also seen good wins. We have three 
transformational wins this quarter, which is a big focus area for us. And it is because these wins are based on our 
strength in consulting, package implementation and system integration. 


The revenues from – now let we look at the geographical trends; the revenue for North America was 62.6%, Europe 
was marginally down to 27.3%, the rest of the world 8.8%, and India 1.3%. The revenue from our product line, Finacle 
was 3.9%. Revenue productivity has remained stable quarter-on-quarter. There is a marginal increase. We believe that 
the pricing will remain stable for the rest of the year. 

That is it from my side. Let me know request Bala to give you financial details. Thank you. 

V. Balakrishnan, Chief Financial Officer 
Good evening every one of you. We have just concluded a quarter, is a great quarter. We have seen the revenues from 
Europe growing sequentially by 4%, even BFSI, which all the investors are worried about, the segment excluding 
insurance has grown by 4% sequentially. We have seen good growth in Britain. Manufacturing did exceedingly well. 
We are above guidance. We gave 1,142 to 1,145 in revenues, we did 1,155. Sequentially it grew 1.1%. It's much ahead 
of what we thought in the beginning of the year. 

In terms of margins, the gross margin was 39.7%. Operating margin is 26.7%. It's down 2% from last quarter. If you 
remember, in the beginning of April, we guided for 4% drop in margin, we ended up with 2% drop in margin. 

Currency to some extent has helped us this quarter. Currency depreciated by around 500%, which means we got a 
benefit of 200% on the operating margins. Compensation increase impacted the margin by 2.2%. Visa costs impacted 
the margin by 0.7%. 

Utilization went down during the quarter. It impacted the margin by 1.5%. Net-net, the operating margin was impacted 
by 2.1%. 

We had kept the guidance for the full year in dollar terms at the same level at what we had predicted in April. I think 
the environment has not changed. The year is panning out as we had thought of in the beginning of April. 

We had not assumed any price increases in the guidance. We assume that the pricing to be at the same level as you've 
seen in the first quarter. Pricing this quarter has been stable. We are not feeling any big pressure on pricing. There 
could be some one or two sporadic instances where the prices could have declined, but is not something new. In any 
environment, good or bad, those things happen. 

At the portfolio level, we are seeing the pricing to be stable and we believe it will continue to be stable for the full year. 
Our guidance assumes the operating margin to be stable within a narrow band of 40 to 50 basis points for the full year. 
If the currency remains at the same level, quite possible we could get some benefit on the margins. But we will try to 
reinvest in the business because at end of the day, we have to build the company for the long-term and we'll put the 
money back into the business, either increase our spending on consulting or increase our spending on hiring more 
domain experts or put money more into Finacle products or put more money into creating IP office in the company, 
which could give us some non-linearity in growth going forward. 

The accounts receivable is under control. The DSO days was 64 days. Last quarter, it was 72 days. Adjusted for 
collection in the beginning of April, it was 67 days. 79% of the receivable are less than 30 days. The quality of 
receivable is extremely good. 

We are seeing all-round growth. The top 10 clients excluding the top client grew by 3.8% sequentially this quarter. 
Non-top 10 grew at 3.9%. So overall it has been a very good quarter. We are seeing the year panning out as we planned 
in the beginning of the year. 

There we are seeing some stability in April, May. But the environment is still challenging. There are still some 
challenging news coming from the environment. But we are very confident about achieving our guidance. We are very 
comfortable about achieving our guidance. We want to be cautious, that's why we kept our full year guidance on the 
same level. We had to wait and see how the second quarter pans out for us to take a view on full year guidance. 

With this, I conclude. Now the floor is open for questions. 


Hello Sandeep, can we take questions? 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Trip Chowdhry with Global Equities Research. 

<Q - Trip Chowdhry>: Thank you and good execution in a very difficult environment. A few questions; first, 
regarding the deal activity. Can you give us a sense like, what kind of deals in what verticals get, say, closed faster 
versus which deals in which verticals take a bit longer time? Thank you. 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: See, the time taken is dependent on the size of the deal rather than in which vertical they 
fall in. Typically, we are finding that larger the deal, it takes slightly longer time, more actually in terms of whether 
there is a deal consultant or not, what is the process they are following, the time they are following, $100 million plus 
deal, where deal consultants are typically involved, we have seen that it probably takes six months to nine months to 
close. 

But if it is a deal, say, it's run by the client people themselves, probably it takes maybe three months less than that. So, 
the process is what delays the decision making rather than industry-by-industry. If the decision-making is dependent on 
the process. 

<Q - Trip Chowdhry>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Moshe Katri with Cowen and Company. 

<Q - Moshe Katri>: Thank you. I wanted to focus a bit more on guidance and obviously there are lot of questions on 
the reason why the guidance remains conservative. Have we seen any project cancellations during the quarter? The 
things get worse progressively towards the end of the quarter in terms of project ramp and it just seems that there is a 
change in tone from about a month ago. Can you kind of elaborate on that? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Moshe, this is Kris. No, we are not seeing project cancellations towards the end or anything 
like that. In fact, Bala said that the year is sort of panning out as we saw in the beginning of the quarter. We had said 
that we will grow 19 to 21%, we are saying still 19 to 21%. We have given a guidance of 5.2 to 6.1% in Q2. So if you 
look back, in April, we had assumed that approximately 6% is the growth rate required for the three quarters. If you 
combine Q1 and Q2, the total growth in the – the total percentage of revenue in the first half will be about 46 to 47%. 
Again, it's in line with what we have seen in the last year. 

And if we just look at the segments we talked about, BCM, retail, manufacturing, the geography U.S., we are seeing 
growth higher than the company. So it's kind of panning out as we had thought it would be, significant client 
addictions, which should give us growth down the line. So it's just panning out as we thought it would be actually. 

<Q - Moshe Katri>: And it seems that you've had a pretty sudden decline sequentially in the revenue contributions 
from your largest customer. I know you don't like to name it, you don't really name who your largest customer is, but, 
and I think you've also indicated that numbers will be coming down from that customer base. But it seems that it is a 
pretty sudden decline sequentially. May be you can – I think it will be helpful if you kind of talk about what's 
happening there, because again it is you largest client. 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: So Moshe, we said that the telecommerce segment, it's still a very important and we are 
optimistic and we are seeing growth there. Now, one particular customer, we just cannot talk about or give a guidance 
how it is going to pan out. All I would say is that it's not an indication of any trend in that industry and something 


which we – I am just trying to look at the right words to use here, and I just want – it's very difficult to comment on a 
particular client. It's not something which we worry too much, that I can say. 

<Q - Moshe Katri>: Should we – on that client – go ahead Bala. 

<A - V. Balakrishnan>: Moshe, Bala here. I think, see, we have a portfolio approach. At some point of time, some 
clients will grow faster, some clients may stabilize at some point of time, some other customers may not grow. But at 
the end of a day, if you take a portfolio, we are seeing good growth. If you look at top 10 clients excluding the top 
client, it still grew 3.8% sequentially. Non-top 10 clients grew 3.9% sequentially. So we have to take a portfolio 
approach. We are not looking at client-specific growth. 

<Q - Moshe Katri>: Will that client remain at that level throughout the next few quarters or do you – should we expect 
more drops coming out from there? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Moshe, all our clients are very, very important for us. We want to make sure that we work 
very hard to win their confidence and grow every one of them. We just won one quarter. So let's see. 

<Q - Moshe Katri>: All right. Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Foresi with Janney Scott Montgomery [Janney Montgomery Scott]. 

<Q - Joseph Foresi>: Hi, gentlemen. I was curious as how would you characterize your confidence in full year 
guidance? Has it improved or would you say that your visibility towards the full year number has improved? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: When we give guidance, we are confident of making it. Otherwise, we wouldn't be putting 
it out as a guidance. The past record is of course not an indication of future performance, but Infosys' record is there. 
We try our level best to meet our guidance and it is based on facts we have and we have the confidence at this point of 
making it. 

<Q - Joseph Foresi>: How would you characterize that level of confidence, has it changed since the beginning of the 
year? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: In fact we've said it's panning out as we had indicated at the beginning of the year. We have 
to grow around 6% in the three quarters and that's what we've seen. See, any quarter, when we begin the quarter, 
typically we have visibility of about 80, 85% of the revenue for that quarter and for future quarters 70, 75%. And none 
of that has changed our deep relationship with our clients. If just look at the repeat business this quarter, quite high. So 
a deep relationship with our clients gives us confidence. 

<Q - Joseph Foresi>: Okay. And just looking at the model, how should we think about the revenue driver going 
forward? It seems like head count is probably stable and pricing is flat. Is it fair to say that utilization is going to be one 
of the key metrics going forward? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: See, you have to look at utilization differently. In our business, it's not like a tap, you can't 
just hire people and start billing them. We have a lead-time of four to six months before they become billable. So at any 
point of time, we have to keep the model ready for us to take any growth opportunity. The worse thing happened for us 
is, we have business and we don't have people. So at any point of time, we try to keep some slack in the system to make 
sure we don't miss on the growth. 

If you look at our guidance for next quarter, they are going to grow at 6%. That is our guidance. So some of the people 
who have just come out of training, they could get absorbed next quarter. But we are hiring 10,000 people more next 
quarter, all this to create a base for next year. So I think we need to create some flexibility. 

The other way to look at it this, we have a cost base which already absorbed all these costs and if there is opportunity 
that could be positive for us. Today, we have the ability to absorb that cost and still grow and create a model ready for 


future growth. So you have to look at utilization differently. 

<Q - Joseph Foresi>: Okay. And just lastly, real quickly, it seems like the demand for labor has sort of maybe softened 
a little bit. Is it still fair to say that there is a direct link between your hiring guidance and your revenue growth? And 
thank you. 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Yeah, in the beginning of the year, we gave a guidance of 25,000 gross additions for the 
full year. We are not saying the revenue guidance and we're not saying the manpower guidance, both remains same. 
Tomorrow, if the opportunity exists, quite possible we can hire more people. 

We always said we are comfortable with the utilization somewhere between 76 to 80. At some point of time, it could be 
lesser than that. But we are keeping the slack to make sure we don't miss on growth opportunity. And over a longer 
period of time, we are trying to create some kind of a non-linearity in the revenues by improving revenue productivity 
as we are able to do it on a larger scale, quite possible that the manpower growth and the revenue growth could get 
de-linked, but that is over a period of longer period of time. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of George Price with Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - George Price>: Thanks very much. I guess I wanted to follow up on an earlier line of questioning and kind of 
hold you guys a little bit closer to fire on something. In early June, you were quite bullish on the prospects in BFSI 
relative to the more subdued outlook earlier in the year. I understand, I mean we can see what's been going on in the 
market since that time, but it's relatively short, I mean we were talking about a couple of weeks, relatively short period 
of time. Can you help me reconcile a little bit more detail, how – what changed and led to your more cautious tone in 
such a short period of time? 

<A - V. Balakrishnan>: So, BFSI, if you look at banking and financial services, we have grown 4%. We have said that 
this is going to be an important vertical – industry vertical for us. We expect BFSI to be the largest industry vertical for 
Infosys. For obvious reasons, largest spender in technology; one, the sector which has accepted this model faster than 
anybody else. So it will continue to be actually a very important and large industry vertical for us. The caution is just 
the environment is challenging, that's all, there is nothing else. 

<Q - George Price>: Okay. Well, I still think there is a distinct difference in tone and I'm not sure I understand exactly 
why that is. But do you still expect BFSI to grow in line or possibly ahead of overall company growth for the year? 

<A - V. Balakrishnan>: Yeah. If look at the first quarter, the BFSI excluding insurance still grew 4% sequentially, and 
see, the two largest verticals for us are financial service and telecom. If they don't grow, the whole company won't 
grow. So by end of the year, it's quite possible that the BFSI could be growing in line with the company growth rate. 

<Q - George Price>: You mean on sort of an exiting basis, Bala, as opposed to... 

<A - V. Balakrishnan>: Pardon? 

<Q - George Price>: As opposed to BFSI growing in line for the full year, you mean by the end of the year? 

<A - V. Balakrishnan>: Yeah, by the end of the year, the first quarter it has grown faster than – no, we can't say 
quarter-to-quarter, full year quite possible that it could grow in line with the company growth rate. 

<Q - George Price>: Okay. Within BFSI, maybe get a little bit more granular, what particular areas are you most 
cautious on? Is it capital markets for the obvious reasons, is it commercial banking given the increasing concerns on 
loan quality, is it insurance? What do you see in your client base that makes you most cautious within that segment? 

<A - V. Balakrishnan>: See, rather than sector-wise, sub-sector-wise, it's really individual companies really and even 
with individual companies, depending on your track record, your relationship etcetera, you are able to grow. That is 
what we are seeing and we are proving that also. In the banking and financial services, you cannot talk about any 


particular sub-sector at this point, it is company-specific. 

<Q - George Price>: Okay. Last question, I think on the last call you talked about pricing up modestly onsite, down 
modestly offshore in the quarter. Can you just give a little more detail to what's driving that and what's the outlook for 
the year for pricing, offshore in particular? 

<A - S. D. Shibulal>: This is Shibulal, the pricing outlook for the year is stable; we believe that the pricing will remain 
stable for the year. 

<Q - George Price>: Offshore as well as onsite? 

<A - S. D. Shibulal>: Both, yes, and at their portfolio levels, that means at the company level. 

<Q - George Price>: Okay. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Miller with Arete Research. 

<Q - Anthony Miller>: Thanks, gentlemen. A couple of questions. Firstly, sorry to keep pressing the points from the 
top clients, but I do think it's an important issue. Can you at least say whether the drop in revenues was what you might 
call because of normal project completion, or was it because projects which were currently underway had for some 
reason been curtailed or because projects which were scheduled were subsequently deferred? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: See, no, I cannot talk about a specific client unfortunately and give you more color because 
it's not right and we have confidentiality agreements with all our clients and things like that. It is not something 
unusual. Let me just say that, it's not something unusual. Between quarters there may be some slight up and down. We 
still work closely with them. They are a very, very important client for us and we are growing in some other areas with 
them. So let's see. 

<Q - Anthony Miller>: Okay. Moving on to my final question, and it's about decision-making and your ability to 
accelerate putting customer work offshore in these troubled times. You said in the earlier call as you've said to me 
before that decision making is taking longer, things that used to take one month take two or three months. On the other 
hand, you also said that you are looking and customers are looking to put more work offshore to reduce cost. But there 
is a sort of a slight sort of conflict there, isn't there? 

Can you give us an idea, I mean you've got your guys onsite in the clients, looking for new work to put offshore. If they 
see an opportunity, how long would it actually take you to move that work offshore and start billing for it given the 
extended decision making process? Is it too late even now to do that to generate revenues this year? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: No, it is not too late to generate revenues for this year. Clearly that's been – if you look at 
the growth in the industries in which we operate, manufacturing has given 13.3% growth quarter-upon-quarter. So it's 
clearly not too late. Typically when the larger the project is or the program is, there is delay. But smaller programs 
typically get decided faster. Sometimes they go for external consultants to guide them through the contract process that 
put additional delays. Not new to this environment in which we are, it's the process itself. And typically a large deal 
would take six months to nine months from start to finish. That is why we have a pipeline, and typically we bid for 
maybe 12 to 15 large deals. These are deals 15 million plus and currently our pipeline is as strong as that. We have 12 
to 15 deals we are pursuing at this point. 

<Q - Anthony Miller>: Yes. But you... 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: There are different stages of completion. Some could complete this month. Of course we've 
not won them, so we would be competing for them, but some would close this month, some next month, etcetera. 

<Q - Anthony Miller>: Yeah. But you have to find new deals, new smaller deals. Aren't they out there? Are you 
picking up work that you haven't seen before that wasn't originally in the pipeline and are you able to convert that 


opportunity into revenue this year? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Yes. 

<Q - Anthony Miller>: Okay. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of David Grossman with Thomas Weisel [Thomas Weisel Partners]. 

<Q - David Grossman>: Hi. Thanks very much. I may have missed this earlier, Kris. But when you back out your 
largest client in Europe, can you give us a sense for what the growth was in Europe? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: David, you want to know what was the growth in Europe last year? 

<Q - David Grossman>: No, the growth in the June quarter when you back out the largest client. 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Back out the largest client. David, just go ahead and ask the next question, I'll just look at 
that and come back. 

<Q - David Grossman>: Sure. The second thing was that obviously you're concerned just like everyone else about the 
macro environment, but at least based on your comments from an earlier question, it sounds like your visibility is 
comparable not only three months out but six and nine months out to what you've seen in previous years. Am I 
understanding that correctly? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Yes. In fact, that's why I'm reiterating this. If you look at April and June, what is happening 
today is exactly what we've said in some sense in April, so we had factored all this in. We had have our revenue will be 
between 1,140 to 1,145, we did 1,155. We were expected to do about 6% on the Q2, Q3, Q4, so we've given a guidance 
of 5.2 to 6.1. And Bala just quickly computed, so without the largest client, Europe would have grown about 4% this 
quarter. 

<Q - David Grossman>: So just getting back to the last question I just answered, I mean it feels like there is a little 
confusion about kind of what you guys are typically always very cautious about macro fundamentals, and rightfully so. 
But it sounds like with that said, your visibility and your business is no different than what's it been in prior years, is 
that accurate? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Yes, it's no different. Probably what we have not done this quarter is after the first quarter 
we have not revised for the entire year and as you rightly said, it makes sense to be cautious at this point. 

<Q - David Grossman>: I see. And just one last question, Bala. I know there were moving pieces in the tax rate. What 
are the tax rate assumptions that you're making for the balance of the year in terms of percentage? 

<A - V. Balakrishnan>: See, in the first quarter, the effective tax rate is 11% if you back out the tax reversals we did. 
For the full year, it could be somewhere between 14 to 14.5 because fourth quarter we had close to $19 million of forex 
loss in the non-operating income, and also the wage increase and the visa costs kicking in. Once those normalize, and 
the non-operating loss goes away, quite possible the effective tax rate for the full year could be somewhere between 14 
to 14.5. 

<Q - David Grossman>: Okay, great. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Karl Keirstead with Kaufman Brothers. 

<Q - Karl Keirstead>: Hi, thanks for taking my call. If I can just piggy back on that last question that David asked, 
actually my calculation shows that if the largest client had have been flat whereas your overall revenue growth in the 


June quarter might have been 4%, in Europe it would have been about 2% had the largest client been flat. That's a little 
lower than I think most analysts expected given that Europe is viewed as a source of growth. So I am wondering if you 
might just add some color on the health of Europe outside of that largest single client? Thank you. 

<A - V. Balakrishnan>: See, the largest client contributed around 10.3% of revenue in Q4 of last year. This quarter 
they were 7.9% of revenue. So there was a sequential decline of close to 22%. If you back out that, the rest of the 
Europe could have grown somewhere close to 4%. That is the number I gave. On Europe, I'll ask B.G. to talk. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Arvind Ramnani with Banc of America Securities. 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Brandy, we are not yet done with the previous question. We need to complete that. 

<A - B.G. Srinivas>: Yeah, this is B.G. I just want to again retake the question that came up on Europe. In Europe, 
apart from the uncertainty in the financial services, we are looking at growth happening in energy utilities, retail and 
the manufacturing. These sectors we are seeing increased traction both in terms of pipeline as well as current business 
growth. 

At the same time, there is another service line which typically is not so much noticed, which is our engineering 
services. This is something which we've seen in the last six months gaining traction, that is on the product design and 
product engineering, both in automotive, aerospace and discrete manufacturing. This service line is picking up growth 
in Europe. We opened four new client accounts on the engineering services. 

Overall, within Europe, apart from our growth in UK, we are seeing traction in Switzerland, Germany, the Benelux 
region and the Nordics. What's also happening in Europe is the fact that the clients in the mainland Europe has started 
to increase dialogue in terms of the consolidation. They are looking at alternative means of reducing their dependency 
on the individual sub-contractor. 

We see increased dialogue in terms of discussions both with the deal consultants as well as with vendor partners like 
us. That engagement has started. While in the near term we could see some challenges in terms of see this increase in 
ramp up in Europe, but we think the long term, we will see this scaling back. 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Arvind, you can go ahead with your question. 

<Q - Arvind Ramnani>: Congrats on a great quarter. Based on second quarter guidance, it seems that this is no longer 
a back half loaded year. So why have we not increased our guidance for the year? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Arvind, look, we clearly said on the environment front nothing has changed. It is the same 
environment. We had a planned growth for this full year when we started in the beginning of the year. So we are 
continuing with that. If the environment changes, probably we're going to have a re-look at the yearly number. 

In the beginning of the year, we said, we'll be flat in the first quarter, which I assume 6, 6.5% growth for the next three 
quarters. And now we have grown 1.1% in the first quarter. We've given a guidance of 6% for the second quarter. So 
rest of the quarter, we will be growing at close to 6% to meet the guidance. So nothing in the environment has changed 
for us to have a re-look at the guidance. 

<Q - Arvind Ramnani>: What growth are you factoring from Europe over the next couple of quarters? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: It could be in line with what you have seen in the first quarter. So, first quarter we had seen 
Europe, excluding the top client, growing close to 4%. So that could continue. Europe has lot of opportunities. Of 
course, last client has not grown as we expected, but I think overall for the year, it could be in similar lines. 

<Q - Arvind Ramnani>: Great. Just in terms of two really quick data points, in terms of tax rates for next year, what 
should we really factor in? 


<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: I think next year the tax rate could still be somewhere between 14 to 16%. We are getting 
off the tax holidays only in 2011. Probably at that time, if we are able to push more work into SEZ, our effective tax 
rate could be somewhere between 20, 22%. 

<Q - Arvind Ramnani>: Great. If I can squeeze one last question in, what should we expect for utilization for the 
second quarter and for the year? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: No, no. We don't give utilization guidance for each quarter. Overall, we are saying that 
utilization, we are comfortable when it is somewhere between 76 to 80. At some point of time, it could be lesser than 
that. But we want to create that flexibility in the model. We don't want to be surprised by growth. 

One of the worse things to happen for us is, we have opportunities but we don't have people. We don't want to get 
caught in the situation. So quite possible, when you see larger opportunities, we are willing to take that cost and keep 
the flexibility because we don't want to miss the growth. 

<Q - Arvind Ramnani>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Julio Quinteros with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros>: Hey, guys. Good evening. Just real quickly, can we go just on a service line level, trying to get 
a sense for relative strength of service lines and in particular, is there any one area in particular that stands out where 
demand remains robust, where pricing trends remain favorable, just to kind of distinguish maybe on a service line level, 
if possible? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Sure. If you look at the various service lines, business process management continues to be 
very strong for us, we are seeing significant opportunities there. Infrastructure management, significant growth from 

4.6 to 5.7% of revenue, so it's about 24% growth. Our enterprise solutions and consulting, consulting enterprise 
solutions, though this quarter is flat and generally we are seeing significant opportunities there, we won three 
transformational deals this quarter, all in the consulting and enterprise solutions space. These are deals which are 30 
million plus actually. And testing again continues to be very strong. Finacle is doing very well from the product side. 
Finacle on a year-on-year basis has grown by 50% almost. So these are some of the strongest industries, the strongest 
service lines for us. 
<Q - Julio Quinteros>: Got it, great. And then, in terms of offsets to your larger clients, it almost feels like in order for 
you guys to actually get the acceleration that your second quarter guidance suggests, it feels like there has to be some 
bigger stuff in the pipe that will obviously begin to contribute. Can you just give us a sense on how quickly that comes 
online and is it enough to – obviously, it's enough because you guys are going to grow into the next quarter 
sequentially, but just what vertical is that coming out of and I mean how much does that help you sort of mitigate the 
potential drag from your largest client? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: All industry verticals are growing, including telecom, if you take out this one client. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros>: Right, right. 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: And that we just – even this client, like I said, it's a very important relationship for us and 
we will make sure that we meet their expectations for growth and things like that. But generally all segments have seen 
growth for us actually. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros>: Got it. And then finally, one of the sort of general sort of views has been that as companies 
continue to struggle with cost and continue to struggle with a weak environment overall, etcetera, that they would be 
inclined to do more work offshore and to do more outsourcing at some point. 


At this point, based on your conversations, do you think that your clients are already sort of over that initial kind of 
wave of shock in dealing with everything they have to deal with, and finally have come to the point where it's okay we 
really do need to do this more – with more frequency and with a higher velocity because the environment's not going to 
change? Are we at that point or are clients still kind of at the point where maybe they're more like deer in the headlight, 
kind of cope with what's happening and the current sort of environment is to continue the sort of hold off on things with 
somewhere down the road maybe seeing the opportunity for offshore? Any way to characterize how that environment 
is probably trending along for you guys because it always feels like we're not quite at the point where those decisions 
are coming, but it feels like it's kind of building up in the system, if you will? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: So if you look at client additions, we had one of the best quarters, 49 new clients, three 
Fortune 500 clients being added this quarter. So the way I see it and the way we look at it is when will the acceleration 
happen from spending perspective. So, I think clearly, they see that this is the direction in which they need to go there, 
also singing up even existing clients are saying that we need to spend more with this model. 

Now where – when will the acceleration happen? From first quarter to second quarter, we are saying, yes, the growth 
rate is going to be better, to some extent the acceleration is happening. And depending on how companies are 
comfortable with the economy, I think that acceleration will take place going forward. It's about how fast the decisions 
are made, etcetera. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros>: In case of a decision... 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: With this model I am positive in saying it's clearly being made at this point. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros>: Got it. Okay. And then I just lastly, just to take one last sort of pulse, as you guys came out of 
the month of June, was there a change in the way that you guys were feeling between April and May to the June 
quarter? Just to sort of, kind of want to put it to rest, I guess one last time, if you could just kind of help us here to get a 
sense for what went on between the month of June and say April, May? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: See, nothing really happened other than probably – it's still as uncertain as in April when 
the situation will improve. I don't know whether we could say it then or we could say it now. If we look at our guidance 
in April and guidance now, it stays the same. In that sense, it is panning out as we thought. Only difference I would say 

– could we say it has improved now? Probably not. That's all. 
<Q - Julio Quinteros>: Great. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Ashish Thadhani with Gilford Securities. 

<Q - Ashish Thadhani>: Yes. Good evening. I was wondering if you could talk about your U.S. onsite presence a 
little bit, specifically, where it stands relative to your own objectives, as well as client servicing requirements and 
whether this is an issue that maybe – that may constrain growth? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: No, it is not going to constrain growth. We have a particular model which says that our 
onsite-offshore mix is typically 30:70 and the business currently is around the same percentage. We have increasing 
local hires both from campuses as well as laterals. This is helping us with the relationship management, consulting 
especially is growing locally. So it is sort of inline with what the model requires at this point. 

<Q - Ashish Thadhani>: Okay. And very quickly, your BPO net margin is now 10%. Could you provide – could you 
shed some light as to what one can expect in the future and what explains the current level? 

<A>: This is [inaudible]. We are looking at a net margin for – an operating margin for BPO of 15% and this is actually 
including the work which we do to other parts of Infosys and we expect to maintain these margins going forward in the 
coming quarters. 


<Q - Ashish Thadhani>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Rod Bourgeois with Bernstein. 

<Q - Rod Bourgeois>: Hey, guys. Yeah, it is Rod Bourgeois here. Guys, I wanted to try to better define this term 
environment because I think it's creating some confusion. I think we've had every thing this morning from the 
environment is weaker to the environment is the same. But I think the key is to define what the environment means. 

So, let me ask the question this way. Let me present two scenarios and you tell me which one is more accurately 
reflecting what is happening here. Scenario one is that the environment as defined by the business environment of your 
clients; that environment has weakened particularly in the financial services vertical, but in terms of its effect on your 
business, you are not seeing any major disruption to existing deals, and what's happening in your pipeline. That's 
scenario one. 

Scenario two is the environment is weak and your clients are having struggles in their business and it's also disrupting 
the deal flow that you're facing in your business. In my view, scenario two was definitely in place earlier this year. But 
can you characterize right now whether you are in a scenario one situation or a scenario two situation? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Scenario one, and I'm assuming that you're saying scenario one was there in April and it 
continued in June. So it's scenario one. 

<Q - Rod Bourgeois>: All right. So you're seeing issues with your clients, businesses are increasingly struggling, but 
you're not seeing that having a sort of deleterious effect on your actual deal flow in your business? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: We saw this in April and we gave a guidance of the same. 

<Q - Rod Bourgeois>: Hello? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Brandy, I think we have lost Bangalore. 

<Q - Rod Bourgeois>: I think we're back on. 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Brandy, is the bridge still – is the connection still established with Bangalore? 

Operator 

Yes sir, their line is still established. 


<Q - Rod Bourgeois>: Okay, great. So I think we're back on. So, guys, this is Rod Bourgeois back, are you able to 
hear? 
<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Brandy, can you recheck, please? 


Operator 

You may resume. 
<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Yes. Am I back on the conference? 


Operator 

Yes you are, sir. 


<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Yeah. So we were talking about the situation in option one and option one, what I am just 
saying is the year is panning out as we thought it would be in April and the situation is no different today than in April. 
The clients' environment is challenging and our work with the clients has a certain assumptions and those are the same 
today compared to April. 

<Q - Rod Bourgeois>: Okay, great. And guys on a different topic, can you talk about your general plans on the M&A 
front? It's clear that you guys have been looking at doing some acquisitions, but can you talk about timing, your 
geographic focus and your service line focus when you look at acquisitions as a priority? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: So, I will talk about focus first. Clearly, we want to look at gaps in our service lines. We 
want to look at acquisitions in a strategic manner rather than as a growth engine. We want to look at the gap from a 
geographical perspective also. So for example it makes sense for us to look at, let's say, continental Europe where we 
need to increase our local presence for language reasons. 

We have been saying that we would look at smaller acquisitions rather than larger acquisitions. The probability of a 
smaller acquisition is higher, the size is typically 10% of our revenues, maybe 300 to 500 million. These are all thumb 
rules rather than hard fast rules which cannot be violated, this is thumb rule. 

And the timing will depend on us finding the right company at the right value, where we feel comfortable that the 
strategic fit is there, where we feel that we can retain the employees, because if you're buying something for capability, 
then we should be able to retain those employees so that we can leverage that. So that's our focus. 

We have a dedicated team which looks at acquisitions, candidates, et cetera. And as you know, you look at many but 
only when everything fits and there is an agreement, we can talk about it publicly. 

<Q - Rod Bourgeois>: Okay. And one final question, guys, given the move in the rupee you've got more room in your 
margin structure. As you guys start doing planning for fiscal '09, if the rupee stays where it is and you're able to 
reinvest some of that extra margin upside from the rupee into the business, does that help your growth outlook as you – 
excuse me, as you move into fiscal 2010? In other words, I'm asking if you are able to reinvest significant margin 
upside back in the business from the rupee, does that help your growth outlook moving into the next year versus where 
you would have been earlier? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Yes. We typically reinvested back in the business. We look at building out solutions, we 
look at hiring domain and industry expert, investing in consulting, we look at investing in Finacle or our product, et 
cetera. And these would have medium to long-term impact on our growth. 

<Q - Rod Bourgeois>: All right, guys. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Kanchana Vydianathan of Pacific Crest Securities. 

<Q - Kanchana Vydianathan>: All right, thank you. My first question is looking at your sales and marketing 
expenses, sales and marketing for this quarter was close to 5.3% of total revenue. Now excluding fiscal 2008, during 
the prior years, you typically maintained that somewhere in the range of 6.5%. Can you help us understand going 
forward, what would you like that number to be in fiscal 2009 and also as a long-term goal? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: So, we would look at our sales and marketing for somewhere between 6 to 7% typically. 
But quarter-upon-quarter, slight up and down will come, but typically we would look at around 6%, maybe 7%. 

<Q - Kanchana Vydianathan>: Okay. My second question is, looking at your consulting and enterprise and your 
package implementation business, it seems like the sequential growth was – I mean it actually declined by about 4.5% 
this quarter. And just looking historically, you have actually grown every quarter above the company average growth 
rate. Can you help us understand, was this also related to the top client or were there more issues in this offering? 


<A - S. D. Shibulal>: Yeah, actually if you look at the package implementation and consulting space that trend is not 
revised, so that trend continues. I fact we see a good demand. And customers are continuing to spend on the kind of 
work which we are doing, transformation programs, package implementation, local rollout, instant consolidation, top 
grade, all these are happening using the offshore service providers like us. So that change has not happened. 

To some extent, okay, there is an impact on the growth also. But if you look at the last quarter's performance in terms 
of the transformation programs we have won, the large deals we have won and the milestones that have gone live, all 
are very healthy and indicate a good trend. 

So if we look at the dialogues we are having with the customers and the transformation programs we are winning and 
the way we are going against the global SIs, it's all healthy. So there is no real reason for concern. Quarter-on-quarter, 
there could be slight up and down depending upon when the program starts and the programs end, especially in the 
consulting and large package implementation business. 

<Q - Kanchana Vydianathan>: So with your strategy in the September quarter and for the rest of fiscal of '09, we 
would start to see growth that would be in line with the average growth of the company? 

<A - S. D. Shibulal>: Yes. 

<Q - Kanchana Vydianathan>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Ed Caso with Wachovia. 

<Q - Ed Caso>: Hi, thank you. Good evening. My question is on – you have a rather broad spectrum of service 
offerings at this point in time. How much of that been a factor in your continuing to win business and continuing to 
penetrate your client base? Can I get some sort of leading towards are you starting to see some sort of vendor 
consolidation where some of the Tier 2s are, who don't have the breadth of offering that you have maybe suffering a 
little bit in the marketplace? Is that a right scenario? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Yes, we are seeing that the largest companies who have full service capabilities are 
growing faster in this environment. There are cross-border acquisitions that happen, Indian companies acquiring 
consulting or front-end capabilities outside and global system integrators acquiring into India, especially if they have 
come into India late, acquiring into India. So that's kind of consolidation that's happening. 

And definitely what we have seen, I believe, is there is a leadership pool which is a small set maybe five, 10 companies 
and then there is a long tail and this long tail will probably continue. This industry has never seen a consolidation, and 
having only few players. It's always had a leadership pool and a long tail. And I think that will be the structure of this 
industry going forward. 

And then at the leadership pool also, probably there are maybe two sets. One is the companies which have all the way 
from hardware to services. And then you have independent service companies. So, there is probably two sets in there in 
the leadership pool also. And, Ed, probably these are to be expected from you because you are the analyst. I'm just 
giving you my opinion. 

<Q - Ed Caso>: Okay. My other question is on the business process outsourcing market in general. Can you 
differentiate what you are seeing in that space relative to what you are seeing in your IT space regarding sales cycles, 
client interests, and so forth? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: In the infrastructure outsourcing, and that's the question, right, Ed? 

<Q - Ed Caso>: Actually, I was thinking more on the business of the F&A, HRO, that space. 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Okay. The BPO side has a different characteristic because you work with business rather 
than IT. And if the business sponsor pushes it strongly, actually sometimes the decisions are made faster. There the 


difference is the contracts are typically long term. Those are the traditional outsourcing contracts. The contracts are 
longer, the transition times are typically sometimes six months to a year long. So the characteristics are different and 
the work force is different. So that whole business is actually slightly different. But there is synergy in the sense that at 
least some clients are saying that I would like to go to the same service provider for both BPO and IT. 

<Q - Ed Caso>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Brian Kintslinger with Sidoti & Company. 

<Q - Brian Kintslinger>: Thanks for taking my question. The first one was if I excluded your top customer, what 
would the pricing trend look like? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: I am sorry, can you repeat that question, please? We were not able to hear properly. 

<Q - Brian Kintslinger>: Yes, if I were to exclude the top customer of yours, is pricing still flat or is it modestly 
increasing? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: The pricing is flat including the top customer. 

<Q - Brian Kintslinger>: And then if I looked at BFSI in particular, are the pricing trends the same as the rest of the 
industry or is it a little bit weaker there, are you seeing more client push back? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: We are not seeing any difference in the BFSI space. In fact, we have had some pricing 
increases also in the BFSI space. So there are no differences. 

<Q - Brian Kintslinger>: Right. Thank you. 

S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director 
So, thank you everyone. Really appreciate the time you've all taken and the effort you've taken to join this call. 

As usual, we look forward to continuing this interaction throughout the quarter. And our investor relationship people 
are in touch with you and please contact us if you need any information or details. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

This concludes today's first quarter fiscal 2009 results for Infosys Technologies conference call. You may now 
disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2008, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


