Q4 2008 Earnings Call - US/European Investors 


Participants 

• Sandeep Mahindroo, Senior Manager, Investor Relations 
• S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director 
• S. D. Shibulal, Chief Operating Officer 
• V. Balakrishnan, Chief Financial Officer 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Wanda and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome 
everyone to the Infosys Technologies Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2008 Annual Results Conference Call. All lines have 
been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Mr. Mahindroo, you may 
begin your conference. 

Sandeep Mahindroo, Senior Manager, Investor Relations 

Thanks, Wanda. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to this call to discuss Infosys financial results for the quarter 
ending March 31st, 2008. I am Sandeep from the Investor Relations team in New York. Joining us today on this 
conference call is CEO and MD, Mr. Kris Gopalakrishnan; COO, Mr. S.D. Shibulal; and CFO, Mr. V. Balakrishnan, 
along with other members of the senior management. 

We will start the proceedings with a brief statement on the performance of the company for the recently concluded 
quarter, followed by the outlook for the quarter ending June 30th, 2008 and the year ending March 31st, 2009. 
Subsequently, we will open up the discussion for Q&A. 

Before I pass it on to management, I would like to remind you that anything that we say which refers to our outlook for 
the future is a forward-looking statement, and must be read in conjunction with the risks that the company faces. A full 
statement and explanation of these risks is available at our filings with the SEC, which can be found on www.sec.gov. 

I will now pass it on to Mr. S. Gopalakrishnan. 

S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director 
Thank you, Sandeep, and good morning, good afternoon and good evening to every one of you wherever you are. 
Thank you very much for participating in this call. Infosys had a good year. We crossed revenue of $4 billion, we grew 
revenue in terms of revenue by 35.2%. In the beginning of the year, we had given a guidance of 28 to 30%, but we 
ended the year with 35%. 

In a challenging environment with respect to rupee, rupee appreciated by 11%, we have been able to sustain our 
margins. We added 33,000 employees last year in gross numbers and net additions at about 19,000. We continue to 
invest in the business. We have invested in infrastructure in terms of capital expenditure. We have invested in building 
out our China center, we have invested in opening Monterrey. We have invested in further strengthening our service 
line; we have started a new service -- learning services. 


We have started SAS as a separate service and Software as a Service. We have created new solutions in BPO using the 
platform based model, so that we can offer full service capabilities, full vertical services to outline. So the company 
continues to invest in growth and in creating new opportunities for growth. 

So, looking at the future, given the challenging environment, we are seeing around us, we have given a guidance of 19 
to 21% growth. We start with a flat quarter one, but we are predicting that we will end the year somewhere between 19 
to 21%. 

We hope to maintain margins, sustain margins within a narrow band, and we want to add 25,000 employees growth this 
year. The reason why the number of employees is higher than the revenue growth is that we need to cover for attrition; 
we need to invest for the future FY10 and things like that. 

In our discussions with our clients, what is emerging is that even if the budgets are flat or slightly down, their allocation 
to global delivery model based services would increase, so we expect that the growth story continues. We expect that 
would the companies like Infosys will benefit from this, we expect that our ability to create larger relationships, have a 
very high repeat business, participate in large deals, participate in large transformation projects, participate in helping 
these companies look at new options like Software as a Service, help them with some of the new technologies like 
RFID and things like that, would continue and would help us sustain the growth momentum that we have had. 

I'm going to hand over to Mr. Shibulal to give you some more details on how we achieved this revenue this year and 
what the market outlook is. 

S. D. Shibulal, Chief Operating Officer 
Good morning everyone. I am S. D. Shibulal. As Kris said, we had a very good year; we have grown 35.2%. I will talk 
about some of the other things, and I also want to talk about the strategies we have applied over the last few years and 
how they have played out. 

Let me start with our strategy to reduce our dependency on U.S., our revenue from U.S. this quarter is 60.7%, it is 
down from last quarter. Last quarter it was 62.3%. Year-to-year, also it has come down, so we continue to focus on the 
other parts – focus on the other parts of the world. European revenue has reached 29.3% of our revenue this quarter. 
Now we are focusing on emerging markets, we see opportunities in emerging markets in Australia, Canada, Japan, 
Middle East and Latin America. We are investing into these markets and our expectation is that over a period of time, 
they will become important and large markets for us. 

From a service perspective, we continue to gain momentum with our new services which we introduced over the last 
six to seven years. Those services which we introduced in the last five to seven years today give us more than 50% of 
revenue. Consulting and package implementation has marginally grown; it is at 24.1% this quarter. Infrastructure has 
marginally grown. So, overall availability – we are able to introduce new services and increase revenue from those 
services over a period of time. This year we have introduced two new services. 

First one is learning service, targeted at learning in enterprise and the second one is Software as a Service. We have 
built a platform for social computing which is being rolled out. We have one client in each one of these services. 

From a vertical perspective, banking and capital markets have come down marginally this quarter, of course that's the 
reflection on what is going on in the environment as well as – at the same time we feel it is not a secular trend in the 
quarter-to-quarter operation. 

Manufacturing has grown ahead of the organization, from last quarter to this quarter as a percentage of revenue for 
margin – manufacturing has increased to 14.6 to 16.4. 

Another popular area for us is to take up more and more fixed priced projects. This quarter the fixed priced projects 
will be 35.4%. Year-on-year it has gone from 28% to 32.9%, again as a result of our continued focus in doing more and 
more fixed price. 


Onsite revenue, onsite effort as a percentage of total has come down year-on-year by 1%. We continue to focus on 
more and more work to our offshore delivery locations. And this is a way for us to derive better value, better margin 
and provide higher value to our clients. 

Client additions, we have added 40 new clients this quarter. Five of them in Fortune 500. Today our client base of 540 
includes 113 Fortune 500 clients. Our number of clients giving us million dollars today is 310, and the number of 
clients giving us more than $50 million is 18. So, we continue to add clients, we continue to expand our client base 
with high quality clients. And we penetrate these clients over a period of time to give us good revenue. 

Growth, this year has been all around, the top 10 clients grew by 38.8% and the remaining clients grew by 33.6%. So 
once again our philosophy is to have growth all around, top 10 as well as the remaining – they have both grown over 
year-on-year from last year to this year. 

Subsidiaries, they have done well. Infosys Consulting and Infosys China was in investment mode, next year we expect 
Infosys Consulting to breakeven. Infosys China will continue to be in investment mode. Infosys BPO has done very 
well. Infosys BPO today has 16,000 employees. Infosys BPO today has 16,000 employees. 

So with that let me hand it over to Bala, our CFO. 

V. Balakrishnan, Chief Financial Officer 
Hi, I'm Bala here, great talking to you again. When we started this quarter we gave a guidance of 1,136 to 1,142 million 
for the quarter. We achieved 1,142, which is a 5.4% growth in dollar term. In rupee terms that'd been higher because 
the rupee depreciated by around 1% during the quarter. 

In terms of margins, we maintained our operating margin at 28.8% level. We had a positive benefit because of currency 
of around 50 basis points and we had some 60 basis points positive impact on the margin because of the one-time 
California wage settlement last quarter, which is not there this quarter. That is more than offset by the reduction in 
utilization which came down to 75.7% from 77.4%. 

So net-net, we maintained our operating margins for the quarter and also for the full year. For the full year, our 
operating margin is around 27.5%. The effective tax rate has slightly gone up this quarter; gone up to 16% mainly due 
to non-operating income. But if you remove the one time tax reversal, our effective tax rate for the full year is around 
15%, and we believe it will be within the range for the next year. Only in fiscal 2010, probably the effective tax rate 
could go up. 

We had a positive impact because of currency on the operating margin, of close to $5 million. We had a negative 
impact on the non-operating income of close to $12 million, because we had a hedging position of 1.14 billion. As at 
the end of December quarter, our current hedging position is around $760 million. Net-net, the currency impact on the 
net margin is around $7 million. 

Our billing rates went up marginally this quarter, the blended billing rate went up by around 0.2%, it is flat on the 
onsite rate. On the offshore rate, it went up by around 0.5%. Even if you look at the top 10 clients, they grew by around 
12% this quarter sequentially. Overall for the year they had shown decent growth. If you remember, when we gave the 
guidance in the beginning of April last year, we said 28 to 30% growth in revenues, which assumed around 2% growth 
because of pricing and around 28% growth because of volumes. 

When we ended the year, the volume growth is 28%. But the pricing growth is around 5%, which clearly are in line 
with our thinking of improving the revenue productivity and be very selective in picking the deals and make sure the 
margins are maintained. 

Going forward for next year, we have given guidance of 19 to 21% growth in revenues and around 17 to 19% growth in 
the EPS. Our guidance assumes the currency to be at the same level as at the March end. We have not assumed any big 
deals. We assume the pricing to be stable at the levels we have seen in the March quarter. We assume the onsite, 
offshore mix to remain the same and we also assume some 25,000 people addition in the next year. We have given a 


wage increase of 11 to 13% offshore, around 4 to 5% on site. That could impact our margin by around 2.3%. 

Of course in the first quarter, our margins could come down by around 3, 4% because of wage increases and also the 
visa cost. The visa cost in the first quarter could be similar to what we have seen in the last year first quarter. So there is 
some lumpiness in the visa costs. But for a full year, we believe that we should be able to maintain our operating 
margins within a narrow band of 40, 50 basis points because of the skill efficiency and because of some improvements 
in the utilization rates. 

We are starting the year with a lower utilization rate, we are hiring 25,000 more people; we hired 2300 people more in 
the fourth quarter of fiscal '08. 

All this clearly shows that we are creating enough flexibility in the system to take on the many opportunities which 
may come on the way. Our guidance reflect what we see in the market at this point of time and if there is any 
incremental growth opportunity. We prepared the model to take to take on that growth. 

We have close to $2 billion of cash, we announced a one time special dividend of something around $0.50 per share 
because we reached $1 billion in net profit this year and also it is in line with our thinking of managing the return 
expectation of the business with that of cash required for running the business. 

With this I conclude the presentation. Now we can open up the floor for question-and-answers. Thank you. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Julio Quinteros with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros>: Quickly, one thing I want to understand – if one of you guys just kind of help us understand 
the difference in just the way that you are looking at the emphasize, you kind of go forward. You are looking at your 
clients based on the conservations that you guys have in your banking and financial services sub segment. Is all the 
trouble behind them relative to the expectations that you guys are setting up, or is there still some possibility for some 
solidity in terms of the way that they are spending relative to, say, projections with you guys? 

<A - Ashok Vemuri>: Yeah. Hi, this is Ashok Vemuri. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros>: Hi, Ashok. How are you? 

<A - Ashok Vemuri>: Well, everybody did think that Q1 for our clients would be the throw the kitchen sink out of the 

– kind of a quarter but that didn't really turn out to be that way, is what we are hearing. We do expect that – we do 
believe from our clients, in our conversations with them as well as from the market commentary, that there could be 
some other – others that would come out. But I think the good thing here is that it's a cleaning process. A lot of people 
– a lot of our clients are of the belief that they need to rebuild and put a lot of the stuff that has happened behind them. 
And the conversations that they are having with us are validating that point. 
So not only are they looking at cost reduction but also productivity and efficiency. They are also increasingly asking us 
to address some IT related solutions and process related solutions on the revenue side of the balance sheet. 

So, I don't think we can categorically say that all the trouble is behind us. But the fact that most people are coming 
clean or have been coming clean, if you will, gives us enough confidence and so does it gave our clients that they want 
to go forward from where they are right now. And they are using and they believe that their technology service partners 
like us who have deep relationships with them and have significant track record. And they believe that IT itself will be 
an important leverage that they have to dig themselves out of wherever they find themselves today. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros>: Got it. And to one thing on the – just a sort of may be go back to the guidance, the flat number 
for the quarter. What is assumed that actually isn't contributing in the June quarter? So we are going from a growth on a 
sequential basis to the no growth, so clearly something is not going to be contributing in the June quarter. Can you guys 


provide a little bit more color on what parts of the business have actually decelerated or will not contribute in the June 
quarters, so – with leaving us with the flat revenue growth? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Sir, it assumes that – because of the challenging environment in which we are, we are 
assuming flat growth, it's not deceleration, it's just – we are assuming no growth for this quarter. The growth is not 
there that's it. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros>: But can you just you provide more color on what parts those would be? 

<A - S.D. Shibulal>: No, we are talking about short-term challenges because of the environment, but in the medium to 
long term we are seeing lot of growth opportunities. That's why if you look at the guidance, the first quarter the revenue 
growth is assumed to be flat, but most of the growth is coming in the next few quarters. That is the indication our 
clients' also giving to us. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros>: Okay. And the short-term challenges, I mean, would those be like in BFSI vertical, is in the 
application development side, I'm just trying to get a sense for either by vertical or by service line where do you guys 
are – what's specifically you would refer to as short-term challenges right now? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: So, in terms of industries, BFSI, retail, some client specific challenges in certain clients. So 
it considers all that. It is not services specific, it's basically industry specific or maybe particular client and that is what 
is factored in with the flat guidance. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros>: Okay, great. Thank you guys. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Steinerman with Bear Stearns. 

<Q - Andrew Steinerman>: Hi, Kris. Maybe I could ask one more question on sequential growth going after the June 
quarter. Is this kind of based on specific projects starts scheduled during this quarter, the June quarter that would enable 
sequential growth into the September quarter, or is this sort of back end loaded more based on more general 
conversations with clients? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: It is both actually. We have had specific projects and initiatives, which we have seen 
started last quarter, expected to start this quarter. And then our repeat revenue as you know is 95%, it's been 95% for 
many quarters. So we have deep relationship with our clients. In this period, we are in touch with our clients much 
more than other times. We have to be continuously talking to them for understanding what are the challenges faced, 
what is the impact on their business and hence what is the impact on us, and make sure that we are on top of things. So 
it is based on actual project starts as well as indications given by our clients' conversations we are having on specific 
projects, which could start this quarter. So it's a combination of all of these. 

<Q - Andrew Steinerman>: Excellent. Thanks for all of your time. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Foresi, Janney Montgomery. 

<Q - Joseph Foresi>: Hi guys, I wonder if you could just elaborate on your answer to your last question. I know that 
obviously the numbers are implying that growth is going to be back end loaded. Are you expecting the economy to 
rebound? And on the client perspective, if you're expecting the client spend to increase, what gives you confidence that 
that's going to actually happen? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: I will give you one perspective and I will ask my colleague Ashok to also add specifically 
with respect to BFSI space. See, it is not necessary that the economy would rebound because we don't know when it 


will rebound. What indications we are getting is, one; companies get a grip on the situation, they need to continue to 
run their business, operate, they need to invest in future growth. You can't stop the business or stop investing in the 
future and they are giving us an indications that – yes, we will take control of the situation and then we will want to 
start things with you, continue the dialog et cetera, et cetera. So, that is what we are factored in into our guidance. So, 
temporarily we expect a slower first quarter, a flat first quarter, and then growth to pick up. I think it is pleasantly 
surprised that we see growth in the first quarter, although, we are ready for it. That is why our utilization today is only 
76%. So we have flattened the system to grow faster if need be. 

Ashok, do you want to add something? 

<A - Ashok Vemuri>: Yeah, Kris. I think one of the closer points that Kris made about – from the fact these are large 
growing concerns, so we're going to continue to invest in technology. The other is that even when we are having a 
conversation with our clients where the overall IT allocation, the budgets have come down. The percentage of spend 
that they are predicting to do on off shoring has gone up significantly and secondly, the kind of deals that they are 
inviting us to the table to do now are vastly different to a certain extent from the ones that we have been invited to in 
the past. The other is – so this is – as I said earlier, it is also on the revenue side, the larger transactions, more structured 
transactions, it is a combination of multiple services, whether it's system integration, infrastructure, independent 
validation and process outsourcing. So we're seeing transactions of that nature. And the last point I would say is that we 
are also seeing interest from our U.S. based clients to use us in their international operations. So whether it is in Asia or 
whether it is in Europe, we are seeing significant traction on from that perspective as well. 

<Q - Joseph Foresi>: I guess – just sort of sticking with the same theme, is there any incentive for a client who has 
delayed the starting of a project in June to start it in September. I mean is there an incentive there, or is this just based 
on sort of the surveys and the questions that you have been putting forward to your client base? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: It is based on our discussions and based on the surveys we have done et cetera. It is based 
on our understanding of the situation. As Ashok and I would be saying, one of the ways in which companies can 
recover and move forward is to look at where the revenue opportunities are. For example, most of the companies today 
have initiatives to increase their revenues from developing markets. So, how do they do that, by looking at specific 
products and solutions, services targeted towards emerging markets. They will have to invest in growing this side of the 
business and the faster they do this the better off they are, those are some of the things. Then there are initiatives to 
consolidate the number of vendors they have. But a lot of other things which are happening, which could come our 
way, some of the things we have factored in our guidance and in our forecast for this fiscal. 

<Q - Joseph Foresi>: And just one last question really quickly. It seems like the models are naturally adjusting for the 
slowdown, obviously wage increases are coming in on an annual basis, but attrition is holding steady, which seems to 
imply that maybe the labor supply is cooling in the short term. It also seems like maybe pricing is not as up as it was 
last year. I wonder if you guys could comment on whether the models are adjusting to the slowdown and anything you 
are doing specifically, and thank you. 

<A - Ashok Vemuri>: Well, there is some truth in the statement that the models seems to be adjusting to some degree. 
But, I think the labor market in India is more suited to the local economic environment, the economy is still suppose to 
grow an 8% in India, it grew a 9% a year for the last four years. The labor pool is the same and people coming into the 
labor market had more choices. So, we need to make sure that we pay reasonably well for them to come in. 

At the same time attrition is down in the fourth quarter. It is less than the attrition in the first quarter of this year. In the 
last three years, this is the first time when the attrition in the fourth quarter is less than the first quarter of any year. And 
that means that in the local ecosystem, amongst all companies, there are lesser opportunities, people hope stay on. So 
there is some semblance of balance coming, but we have to wait and see how that pans out. Many companies are 
talking about giving a wage increase of only 6 to 8%. So, we have to see in the next one, two months, how all this 
comes together. But, I do think, at this point of time, there is a great degree of truth that the total opportunities in 
offshore are coming down. 

<Q - Joseph Foresi>: And just on the pricing front? Thank you. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Moshe Katri of Cowen and Company. 

<Q - Moshe Katri>: Actually Moshe Katri. A nice execution guys. So, a couple of things. One; your top client had 
another strong quarter, I think it was up 60% year-over-year, 14% sequentially, maybe you can talk a bit about the 
outlook for this client in fiscal '09, comment on what's driving this exceptional growth. And then, are we talk about 
incremental spend or market share gains? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Moshe, we have good relationship with our top 5 clients, top 10 clients. Top 10 clients 
grew by 11.7% sequentially this quarter, and for the year on the top 10 plans grew 38%, 38.8. And top – the remaining 
clients grew by 33.6. So, we have actually balanced growth. I don't want to be very specific about one particular client 
and give you a projected growth rate because they will get upset with me if I start discussing their spending publicly 
with people. 

<Q - Moshe Katri>: Okay. That's fair enough. And then going back to all the questions about BFSI, should we expect 
this vertical to grow in fiscal '09? And then, since the end of the March quarter, did we see any pick up in project ramp 
so far? Thanks. 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Moshe, thanks for that question. I expect the sector to grow. I'm going to ask Ashok how? 

<A - Ashok Vemuri>: Thanks both of you for this. Look, clearly, we believe that financial services is going to 
continue to be one of the important and one that laid a strong foundation for our growth in the years to come. This is 
the sector that's extremely mature in its use of global delivery model. It is a sector that spends across the board billions 
of dollars in terms of – if not trillions of dollars in terms of IT. We are expanding our footprint – we believe that 
Europe is beginning to show a significant amount of maturity in its use of companies such as ours and we're getting – 
we are seeing resurgence, if you will, in Japan and Australia. We are getting a lot more interest from clients in all parts 
of the world, for example, South Africa, et cetera. 

Our product, Pinnacle, which we have just released the version 10, is finding significant traction not only in their usual 
markets of Asia and Africa but also increasingly in Europe as well as interest in the North American market. So overall, 
we may not see the kind of things that we saw in the past but I think the kind of growth that we are projecting for this 
sector and the kind of investments that we are making, both on the front end of our business in terms of solutions, in 
terms of building capability on the backend, et cetera, are inline with the guidance that we have actually given out 
there. 

<Q - Moshe Katri>: So BFSI should grow roughly 19 to 21% in fiscal '09? 

<A - Ashok Vemuri>: Well, we are not putting a number on that as yet. It's a significantly large portion of our overall 
business. And the growth that we have put out there from a guidance perspective for the Company would, given its 
size, reflect that. 

<Q - Moshe Katri>: And then, sequentially should we – when you are beyond June, do you saying that BFSI is going 
to be – let's say the September quarter, do you think it's going to be sequentially down or we're going to see some sort 
of a pick up when you get to September? 

<A - Ashok Vemuri>: Well, we are definitely hoping that it will not be down. We are hoping that it will pick up. As 
we see it – collectively our clients have taken a bit of a pause, they are in the stage where they are recouping from what 
has happened. They are re-strategizing, reprioritizing to some extent, and rebuilding. So given what we see in the 
pipeline, the kind of conversation that we are having with our clients, and the various discussions worldwide that we're 
having with our financial services clients, we do definitely hope that it will not be down. 

<Q - Moshe Katri>: Okay. And then finally, can you talk a bit about the investments that you had – or you are actually 
expecting to have in fiscal '09 in U.S. Consulting, China and Mexico. Can you give us, kind of, quantify the dollar 
number in terms of investments? 


<A - V. Balakrishnan>: I think Infosys BPO and Infosys Australia are making profits. Consulting had made a loss of 
around $12 million this year; they are expected to break even next year. So the losses could actually come down in 
Consulting. China, we could be making a $3 million loss next year also, because still they are in the investment phase. 
Mexico, they will be making losses because they are – it was started last year, and we are making a lot of initial 
investments. So overall I think only China and Consulting will be in losses. All other subsidiaries will be breaking even 
-

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: China and Mexico. 

<A - V. Balakrishnan>: Sorry, China and Mexico will be in losses, all other subsidiaries will be profitable, and 
Consulting will be breaking even. 

<Q - Moshe Katri>: Thanks, thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Karl Keirstead with Kaufman Brothers. 

<Q - Karl Keirstead>: Hi, good morning. A couple of questions. First of all in the U.S. financial services vertical, I 
am wondering if you are changing the proposed deal structures at all, as you attempt to incent the banks to move 
forward on funding allocation. Are you adjusting the proposed payment terms, the revenue recognition model, the 
deferral, if there is any, of upfront costs, any change to the typical deal structure that you are pitching to the large 
banks, at all? 

<A - Ashok Vemuri>: Most of our price negotiations which are contractual in nature happen in the fall-winter part of 
the year; and those are all behind us. And I think we have seen some – we've made some commentary on that in our last 
quarter. We are not looking to grow our top-line at the expense of reducing our price points. We have not yet been even 
asked by most of our major clients to do that. Obviously there are some structures that we are looking at because of the 
size and the tenor of some of these deals, but we are not looking to discount upfront or front-end discount or back-load 
the – back-load the revenue, or any of those innovative financial engineering models with any of our clients. 

And interestingly, we have not had any of our clients come and ask us beyond just the preliminary conversation. And 
we still believe that we are seeing the pipeline, we're still winning transactions; maybe not at the same velocity as we 
were doing earlier. But we are definitely seeing most transactions that are come, winning them based on our track 
record, based on our performance and based on the relationships that we have with our clients. 

<Q - Karl Keirstead>: All right, great, that's helpful and then a couple of just data points. Can you provide the 
operating cash flow and free cash flow numbers for the quarter; and secondly, now that your largest client is over 10%, 
could you identify that client? Thanks. 

<A - V. Balakrishnan>: Well free cash flow is around 15% of our revenues. We spent around $373 million on CapEx 
this year. Next year we are expect to spend around somewhere between 250- to $300 million on CapEx. So I think the 
free cash flow will continue to be somewhere between 14, 15% of our revenues going forward. 

<Q - Karl Keirstead>: And I am sorry; the operating cash flow number for the March quarter? 

<A - V. Balakrishnan>: That is there in the financials, it's put on our web, you can have a look. 

<Q - Karl Keirstead>: Okay. And the larger – the largest client? 

<A - V. Balakrishnan>: Pardon, can you repeat the question? 

<Q - Karl Keirstead>: Given that your largest client is over 10%, could you identify that client or do we have to wait 
for the K or Q? 


<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: So, we cannot identify the largest client, we don't want to be specific about that particular 
relationship we have. 

<Q - Karl Keirstead>: Okay, thank you so much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of James Friedman with Susquehanna. 

<Q - James Friedman>: Hi thanks. It's Jamie Friedman of SIG. My questions are mostly for Balakrishnan. I wanted to 
ask a couple of questions about the balance sheet, Bala. You had a nice reduction in the un-build revenue in the quarter. 
However at the same time fixed price contracts as a percentage of the total increased. Could you help us understand 
what's in un-build revenue and its relationship to fixed price contracts? 

<A - V. Balakrishnan>: No, I think more than percentage of revenues, what you have to look for is when the 
milestones are getting completed, because different projects will be at different stages of completion. At any point of 
time, we'll be running around 8-, 10,000 projects. Even if you assume 35% of them as fixed, it is around 3,500 projects. 
So, it is – there is no direct correlation between percentage of revenues from fixed price and the annual un-build 
revenues. 

If you look at the un-build revenues, it has come down from 136 to 120 in the fourth quarter. At the same time annual 
revenues have come down from 94 to 71. So if you take the net, it has just come down from 42 to 49, which is normal 
in any quarter. 

<Q - James Friedman>: Okay, and then a related subject is the DSO. It did trend up in the quarter. Could you 
elaborate as to what might have occurred there? 

<A - V. Balakrishnan>: DSO is around 72 days for the quarter but we received close to $50 million in the first week 
of April. So if you factor in that it could be around 67 days, which is normal. Around 80% of our receivables is less 
then 60 days. In fact 50% is less than 30 days. The quality of receivables are extremely good and we don't have any 
concern there. 

<Q - James Friedman>: Okay. And then finally with regard to the manufacturing vertical it seems that that showed a 
significant acceleration both sequentially and year-over-year. I guess my question is, is that a function of the market or 
did Infosys potentially take share? Thank you very much. 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: The manufacturing vertical added 12 new client in the Q4. So they are seeing some traction 
and – so we also had some wins and completion of projects in package implementation, which falls in the 
manufacturing vertical. So that's why we see an acceleration in the manufacturing vertical; it's about 12 new clients, 
some project completions and things like that. 

<Q - James Friedman>: Thanks Kris. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Rod Bourgeois from Bernstein. 

<Q - Rod Bourgeois>: Yes, Rod Bourgeois here. Guys have you had existing deals disrupted due to the short-term 
economic challenges that you guys have cited? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: It's not material at all. We had – out of the thousands of projects we do, we had about three 
or four projects cancelled – nothing very significant at all, and not in the BFSI segment also. So, nothing very 
significant. 


<Q - Rod Bourgeois>: Got it. So most of the deceleration or the sort of, below normal growth that you're experiencing 
is because of new projects that are having more trouble signing right now. Is that an accurate way to look at it? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Yeah, so it is delays in kicking off projects or customers taking more time to decide, more 
people involved in the diligence process, larger deals taking more time to close; things like that. 

<Q - Rod Bourgeois>: Got it. All right, does your guidance embed some conservatism to account for the possibility 
that more disruption could occur in deals getting kicked off and more time for deals to actually get closed? Does the 
guidance assume some conservatism to account for more of that disruption happening? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: We give our guidance based on the facts we have currently. And one of the factors we have 
to consider is the challenging environment. So we have reasonable confidence with the numbers, but we are cautious 
also, we are reasonably confident about the numbers, but cautious also. 

<Q - Rod Bourgeois>: In other words, if there were another sort of down draft in the economy, you would have to 
revisit this guidance potentially later in the year is that a possibility? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Yeah, if – if it is a material impact on the industry, on our business, yes, we will have to 
revisit. So anything is possible today. 

<Q - Rod Bourgeois>: Got it. And then the pricing has been positive over the last, almost two years and – but when 
you look at it on a sequential basis it started to slow. So the positive pricing effect has started to sort of move towards 
more of a flattish state. What is causing pricing to move from positive to being flat? Can you talk about the dynamics 
that are causing that to happen right now? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: See the revenue productivity, the revenue per employee number we give is the function of 
price increase, function of – sorry, rate increase, function of business mix and things like that. So it is a complex thing, 
we have said that, probably couple of quarters back, pricing is flat with an upward bias, slight upward trend. But right 
now we are saying that pricing is just flat. If we get some improvements and we do get, but given the environment in 
which we are, it is better for us to assume flat pricing and that's what we have considered in the model. We have seen 
that this quarter our blended rate went up only by 0.2%. So we're not seeing downward pressure but we are not 
proactively pushing for higher price as aggressively – higher rates, as aggressively we would have done in the past 
quarter. 

<Q - Rod Bourgeois>: All right, is it conceivable that pricing could still be somewhat positive in the next year based 
on what you're seeing? I know you are not accounting for that in your guidance. But is it still conceivable that pricing 
could be modestly positive in the next year? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Yes, because as a company we've not competed on price. We've been choosy about the 
projects we would take on and the margins we would expect from the work we do and things like that. So in that sense 
yes it is possible that we could see still rate increases, and that's definitely there. 

<Q - Rod Bourgeois>: Great, thank you guys. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Trip Chowdhry with Global Equity. 

<Q - Trip Chowdhry>: Thank you. Two questions; first regarding the interest rate say or activity levels that request 
for a proposal or request for information. How are you seeing this evolving, say, so far this year versus last year? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: So, I will talk about large deal, deals of 100 million, around 100 million or higher. 
Typically we pursue about 12 to 15 deals, and currently also our pipeline has about 12, 13 deals, about 15 deals 
actually. And so in that sense, it is the same. What we are saying is that the decision on those deals may get delayed – 
the pipeline still looks very healthy – but the decision on those deals may get delayed. So, slight uncertainty on when 


they will close, but the pipeline still looks healthy and looks similar to before. 

<Q - Trip Chowdhry>: The other question is more of a thought provoking question and I will like to hear your 
comments on it. Historically, the emerging countries will also suffer what U.S. and Europe is suffering, and I was 
wondering you're putting more efforts to go into emerging nations, and I think that may hit you, maybe six months, 
eight months down the road. But I was thinking it wouldn't be a little prudent instead of just chasing very large deals in 
U.S., whose sales cycles also are very long, why don't chase smaller deals, say, $1 million, $2 deals, many of those 
deals. And probably that bet may be more profitable down the road versus trying to capture the emerging nations, who 
by default, I mean by historically, they will also see the effects that U.S. market is seeing, but probably the effect will 
be eight months down the road. Any thoughts about how do you balance the two? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: We have to look at the long term. Some of the things we do will have a positive impact, 
maybe three years, five years down the line. So, if you listen to economists, if we listen to people who understand the 
global economy, et cetera, they all say that the growth is going to be coming from India, China, emerging markets, 
BRIC countries, they will become 50% of the global – already become 50% of the global economy in terms of growth 
and things like that. So, we want to have options in these markets. These markets are also maturing and are willing to 
pay for services. So, there are many factors we have considered, and we want to look at all opportunities for growth. It's 
our way of broadening our footprint, our way of de-risking our business, our way of reducing our exposure to the U.S. 

There are multiple objectives to these things. If we had not invested in Europe in 1999, when we were – Europe was 
about 7% of our revenues, Europe would not have gone to 30% of our revenues today, it would have not happened, 
right? So, all these things are with the long term perspective. 

<Q - Trip Chowdhry>: Thanks. All the best. 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Rama Rao with RR Capital Management. 

<Q - Rama Rao>: Thank you for taking the call, guys. I will ask you a bigger picture question as a shareholder point 
of view. Historically, you have grown at least 30 to 40% EPS, but now we begin to see, recently, coming down to 20% 
rate, probably this is because the U.S. economy is slowing down. If suppose the U.S. economy stays slow for some 
time, what strategy company will adopt to maintain the present growth rate or if U.S. economy slows down invariably 
Infosys will also slow down. 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: In dollar terms the EPS growth is still 30% plus. So the Indian EPS is down because rupee 
appreciated by 11% in the last 12 months. So that is the thing. Now in terms of guidance, of course you are right, we 
have given a guidance of 17 to 19% EPS growth. That's because of the challenging environment in which we are. 
Medium to long-term we are still optimistic about the growth prospects for the industry. Now would we get to 30% in 
the future? So let's wait for the economy to improve and then at that point we can have a longer discussion. Bala, you 
want to add? 

<A - V. Balakrishnan>: Currency, we want to have a balanced mix of geographies. Today 29% of our revenue comes 
from Europe. Of course the revenues are more skewed towards U.S., but we are trying to diversify, getting into other 
markets, opening in Mexico, we've opened in China. Australia is a great market for us. So we are trying to diversify, 
and it's yielding gains. Europe is already 29% of our revenue. Of course always some economies will have some 
trouble but you have to build a model which will take care of that and still grow. 

If you look at – global IT market is 800 billion, and India's share is only 5%. There is enough opportunities for us to 
grow, even if the U.S. slows down. Of course there could be some short-term impact, but medium to long-term, this is a 
still a great growth story. There is enough market potential for us to grow. 


<Q - Rama Rao>: In terms of the IT industry, right, the NASSCOM is still projecting that Indian IT industry will 
continue to grow 20% – 25% annually to 60 billion by 2010. Do you share this broad viewpoint and do you think 
Infosys will participate in this kind of a growth on a long term basis? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: I subscribe to NASSCOM's view about long-term growth prospects for this industry. As 
Bala said the market share is small. Even dependence on U.S. is not bad because U.S. is the largest spender on 
technology. It is the largest economy. Even if it grows to 3% on 17 trillion, that is a significant growth driver for the 
global economy. So India is a trillion dollar economy. So there is a order of magnitude difference within the economy. 
So I subscribe to NASSCOM's views, et cetera. And then NASSCOM has also said that this year the growth will be 20 
to 22%. So they are in line. 

<A - V. Balakrishnan>: See as far as Infosys participating in industry growth – come on, we are one of the largest 
players in the industry, and if industry grows, we have to grow. 

<Q - Rama Rao>: That's exactly right. Exactly right. Yes, I mean. Not only we believe that you can grow with the 
industry growth rate, but you are historically taken the market share. So long-term growth can be much more higher 
than what you are suffering on a short-term basis. Am I correct in my assessment? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Thank you for your confidence, you are setting a target for us. We will see how we can 
achieve that. Thank you very much. 

<Q - Rama Rao>: I appreciate that. Bye. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Miller with Arete Research. 

<Q - Anthony Miller>: Yeah, I'd like to continue the conversation on mega deals. You mentioned that you have 12 to 
15 bubbling away at any one time, and I think you said this morning that you actually signed 4 mega deals. Firstly, was 
that just in the quarter or was that across the year? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: So, the four deals we talked about is in Q4 in the last quarter. We won four deals in the last 
quarter; these are deals of 50- to $100 million. In fact one of the deals is actually more than $250 million, it's one of the 
largest deals Infosys has won in the last few quarters. 

<Q - Anthony Miller>: In that case, what contribution do mega deals typically make in a year? I mean if you look at 
the year just gone, what percentage of the growth actually came from these mega deals? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: See we have factored in the deals which we have already won, because they are already in 
execution and those are factored in. When it comes to – we talk about we are pursuing about 12 to 15 deals today, deals 
of 100 million and so. There mostly, we have not factored in because there could be delays in when the decisions are 
made, we don't know how many of those we will win, et cetera. All we want to say is that our pipeline is still very 
strong, we are active in large deals, we are willing to take over employees and things like that. So, there is not much 
difference in the environment and our credibility in terms of pursuit of large deals, and this is not factored into our 
guidance unless we have already won them. 

<Q - Anthony Miller>: Okay. And what has been your win rate then in those large deals? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Can you repeat that please, your voice is very feeble. 

<Q - Anthony Miller>: Yes, can you tell me what has been your win rate in mega deals, what percentage do you 
actually win? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: It is about 35%, 33% to 35% is the... so we win about one in three deals we participate. 

<Q - Anthony Miller>: Okay. And that's been a fairly constant win rate, has it, over the past few quarters? 


<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Yes, we are very, very selective in the deals we pursue, many more deals come our way, 
but we have been very, very selective in going after large deals. We want to make sure that those fit into our business 
model, we want to make sure that they meet our margin requirements, we want to make sure that the clients – we have 
good relationship with those clients, good connect with those clients. So, there are several things we look for when we 
want to pursue large deals. And that is why the win ratio is one-is-to-three. 

<Q - Anthony Miller>: Sure. And those mega deals, are they exclusively with existing clients. So, or do you actually 
win new clients through mega deals? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Both. 

<Q - Anthony Miller>: Okay. Okay, and just one other different topic, you mentioned previously that building of the 
second phase of the Mysore campus had been behind schedule, but you were hoping it was going to be complete by 
July, are you still on schedule for that, will you be able to accept trainees into the campus? 

<A - Ashok Vemuri>: Yeah, the Mysore campus is quite comfortable now, and I think we don't see any problem like 
last year. 

<Q - Anthony Miller>: When you say quite comfortable, is the building complete? 

<A - Ashok Vemuri>: Well, the building is substantially complete. By I think, June-end it will be fully complete. So, 
we can right now start using it, so I think we are very comfortable. 

<Q - Anthony Miller>: Right, thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Sanil Daptardar from Sentinel Asset Management. 

<Q - Sanil Daptardar>: Thanks. I just wanted to know, get a sense, what is the percentage of the repeat business in 
each quarter? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: 95%. 

<Q - Sanil Daptardar>: Okay. Thanks. When you look into the June quarter guidance, it's sequentially flat. I think 
Ashok said that there is a good demand, basically percentage of the spend on outsourcing is increasing at the clients. 
Now, when you look on that, basically Infosys has good credibility. Would it not be reasonable to think that the June 
quarter guidance should be sequentially up if the percentage of the out-spend is increasing in outsourcing? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: See short-term, we are not seeing any cancellations but we are seeing some delays in 
decision making. So we want to be cautious and that's why we are projecting a flat growth. We are – our clients are in a 
challenging environment and we have been saying that there are some delays, et cetera, and that's what we have 
factored in giving this guidance. 

<Q - Sanil Daptardar>: Okay. So, put it the other way. If I had to look at the pipeline going into the June quarter 
when you compare on a year-to-year basis or a quarter-to-quarter basis from March to June quarter and when you 
compare that with the pipeline going into the March quarter on a year-to-year and sequentially, is the pipeline better in 
the June quarter or it is weaker compared to what it was going into the March quarter? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: See traditionally, Q1 and Q2, which is the current quarter in which we are and the next 
quarter, are the strongest quarters for us traditionally. In that sense this year we are starting lower than previous year. 

<Q - Sanil Daptardar>: Q1 and Q2 are pure fiscal basically, you mean to say, not the calendar, right? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Yeah fiscal. Q1, Q2, fiscal. 


<Q - Sanil Daptardar>: Okay. So the – which says that the pipeline going into the June quarter is weaker than what it 
was going into the March quarter then? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Okay. This is why I want to qualify that. The pipeline is still strong, our discussions with 
our clients is strong, but there are some delays. It's not a function of the pipeline it's a function of decision making and 
things like that, and our confidence in clients deciding to start new projects this quarter. 

<Q - Sanil Daptardar>: Okay. The one of the recent paper clippings out here that does a backlash on the H-1B visas, 
Infosys, Tatas, Cognizant and all these companies are being reviewed by the Congress on the allocations of the H-1B 
visas. Do you think any impact from the election backlash and on reviewing of the H-1B visas by the Congress is going 
to have an impact on your business? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: See we have seen this happening in the last run up to the presidential election, especially in 
the democratic primary. We don't see, we don't know – right now we are not seeing any impact. There is also positive 
support from many people in the industry in terms of increasing the number of visas and things. So we'll have to wait 
and see. For the time being, we have enough number of visas to sustain our growth and to manage our business. So, 
right now it should not have any impact. 

S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director 
So we have run out of time. I want to thank everyone for participating in this call. We hope to be in touch with you. 
Shekhar in India, Sandeep in the U.S. are there available for you to connect – and you can even connect with us also. 
We look forward to meeting you during the quarter or for the next call like this. Thank you very much. Back to you 
Sandeep. 

Sandeep Mahindroo, Senior Manager, Investor Relations 

Thank you friends. This brings us to the end of this conference call. If you have any further queries, please feel free to 
call us or email us. We look forward to talking to you at the next quarter. Thank you again for joining us. 

Operator 

This concludes today's Infosys Technologies fourth quarter and fiscal 2008 annual results conference call. You may 
now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2008, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


