Q2 2009 Earnings Call - US Call 


Company Participants 

• Sandeep Mahindroo, Senior Manager, Investor Relations 
• S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer 
• S. D. Shibulal, Chief Operating Officer 
• V. Balakrishnan, Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Trip Chowdhry 
• T. Mohandas Pai 
• Arvind Ramnani 
• Mark Zgutowicz 
• Moshe Katri 
• George Price 
• Ashok Vemuri 
• Kanchana Vydianathan 
• Karl Keirstead 
• David Grossman 
• Julio Quinteros 
• Ed Caso 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Jessica and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome 
everyone to the Infosys Second Quarter Fiscal 2009 Earning Release Conference Call. After the speakers' remarks, 
there will be a Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] 

Thank you, Mr. Sandeep. You may begin your conference. 

Sandeep Mahindroo, Senior Manager, Investor Relations 

Thanks, Jessica. Good morning, everyone and welcome to this call to discuss Infosys's financial results for the quarter 
ending September 30, 2008. I am Sandeep from the Investor Relations team in New York. Joining us today on this call 
is CEO and MD, Mr. Gopalakrishnan; COO, Mr. Shibulal; and CFO, Mr. Balakrishnan along with other members of 
the senior management. 

We'll start the proceedings with a brief statement on the performance of the company for the recently concluded 
quarter, followed by the outlook for the quarter ending December 31, 2008 and year ending March 31, 2009. 
Subsequently, we will open up the discussions for Q&A. 

Before I pass it on to management, I would like to remind you that anything that we say, which refers to our outlook for 
the future is a forward-looking statement and must be read in conjunction with the risks that the company faces. A full 
statement and explanation of these risks is available in our filings with the SEC, which can be found on www.sec.gov. 


I'll now pass it on to Mr. Gopalakrishnan. 

S. Gopalakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer 
Thanks, Sandeep and good morning, good afternoon or good evening to everyone wherever you are. We had a very 
good second quarter. Revenue grew sequentially by 5.3% in dollar terms. In constant currency it grew by 7.1%. In 
rupee of course it grew 11.6%. Volume growth was strong at 6.5%. 40 new clients were added. DSO, days sales 
outstanding was at 60 days compared to 64 days. Operating margin improved by 3%. Utilization improved. Attrition 
came down. So overall in all parameters we had a very good quarter. 

When you look at the guidance there are two parts to the guidance. One is the impact of currencies. Most of the 
currencies have moved significantly, depreciated significantly against the dollar and the impact of this is about 3% on 
our original guidance given at the beginning of the financial year. So at the beginning we gave 19 to 21. Right now 
when you look at the impact of currency it comes down to 16 to 18%. 

Given that the environment continues to be challenging this uncertainty we felt that we need to be cautious, so we've 
given a guidance of 13.1 to 15.2. The EPS growth will be 13% if you consider that last year we had a reversal of tax. 
So if you take that out then the growth in EPS would be 13%, in line with the growth of revenue. 

And even though we had not seen any impact, we've managed the business pretty well. For Q2 we felt that in this 
environment it is better to be cautious. We have not seen any significant impact to the business till now. Even in the 
financial services sector, we've not seen significant impact, and the revision is based on our cautious approach to the 
environment at this point. 

I will pass it on to my colleague, Shibulal, to give you more detail of the revenue and margins. 

S. D. Shibulal, Chief Operating Officer 
This is Shibulal. As Kris said, we are coming out of a great quarter. All the numbers are looking very good. Sequential 
growth 7.1% in constant currency, volumes grew at 6.5% irrespective – in spite of drastic currency movements, we 
have been able to meet the guidance. If we actually look at it in the constant currency, we would have exceeded the 
guidance from the top end of the guidance by about $10 million. So it has been a very good quarter for us all around. 

Now regarding the revenue, let me give you some color. The U.S. revenue – the revenue from North America has 
marginally gone down to 61.5%. Then Europe has gone up to 28%. You will clearly see that in all the points I am 
making they are as per our strategy. For example, our strategy is to invest in Europe and grow, and Europe over the last 
many quarters has gone up consistently. And this quarter it has crossed 28% in revenue. 

The next one is revenue from consulting and package implementation. It has crossed 25%, again another one of our 
strategies to become trusted transformational partner for our clients. And you can see that we are very successfully 
executing on this strategy. Revenue from consulting and package implementation today is 25.3% compared with 23.7% 
last quarter. 

We had great wins in the transformational space. In Q2 we had five major wins, three of them international and, two of 
them outside. Each one of these wins are business transformation oriented. They are sponsored by the business guide 
and they are clearly accepted by the client that these are transformational programs, so another strategy which we are 
executing very well. 

From a vertical perspective, manufacturing is doing pretty well. Our revenue from manufacturing has crossed 20%. 
Last quarter it was 18.4%. Another vertical which is doing fairly well is energy and utilities. The revenue from energy 
and utilities is 5.5%. Even in these tough times, the revenue from banking and capital markets has – while it has come 
down in percentage terms, it has gone up in absolute terms. And so this quarter revenues the from BFSI vertical was 
$405 million compared with $398 million on last quarter. 


Onsite/offshore ratio has remained stable. Revenue productivity has remained stable. Revenue productivity onsite has 
gone up by 0.6% and offshore has gone up by 0.1%. But the blended has come down by 0.3% due to a change in 
onsite/offshore mix. 

Revenue from clients, we have added 40 new clients this quarter. Revenue – million dollar clients 325. There are 20 
clients giving us more than $50 million a year in LTM basis. The largest client is today 7.6%, which is a very good 
number to have. We are comfortable with a single digit percentage for the largest client and which is very good, 7.6%. 
Top five clients are giving us 18.6% and top ten clients are giving us 28%. 

Our repeat business this quarter was 99% plus, which shows that we are able to mine our existing accounts, but at the 
same time it shows that we are not able to ramp up our new clients. And that is something which we need to focus on. 
That is something which we need to focus on. Client base today is 500 plus and out of the 500 clients, 99 of them are 
Fortune 500 clients. We added one new Fortune 500 client this quarter. 

DSO days has done extremely well. Our DSO is 60 days compared with 64 days last quarter. So even in that count we 
have done very well. Subsidiaries, China, Mexico and Consulting continued to be in the investment phase. We expect 
Infosys Consulting to break even this year. The number of employees in China has gone up to 1000. Number of 
employees in Consulting, Infosys Consulting, is 161, but that is the subsidiary alone. Throughout the organization, we 
have close to 2,500 consultants as of today. 

With that let me hand over to Bala for giving more details on the financial performance. 

V. Balakrishnan, Chief Financial Officer 
Good evening, everybody. Great talking to you again. This quarter the revenues were $1.216 billion. The gross margin 
was 43.3%. Last quarter it was 39.7. So it went up by close to 3%. Operating margin of 29.5%, last quarter was 26.7%. 
We had the rupee depreciating by close to 6% and cross currencies moving against us during this quarter. So net impact 
is positive on the margins by around 2.5%. 

We had compensation increases in the first quarter and also the Visa cost which was closer to 0.4% together. So overall 
we had a positive impact of 5% on the margin. We reinvested part of it in the business. Our cost of revenues and the 
SG&A cost went up by close to 2%. So net-net-net we had a favorable impact of 2.8% on the margins. 

The tax is close to 4.6% of the revenue. The effective tax rate went up during this quarter. Last quarter excluding the 
tax reversal of seven million, the effective tax rate was 11%. This quarter it went to 15%. Last full year it was around 
14, 14.5%. We believe for the full year, even this fiscal it could be close to 14, 14.5%. 

Our EPS guidance was 0.55 to $0.56. We had done $0.56. In July we gave a guidance of 19 to 21% growth in dollar 
terms and the cross currencies had moved against us drastically during the quarter. If you take, for example, Australian 
dollar, it depreciated by close to 16% against the U.S. dollar on a quarter end basis between September end and June 
end. And we take Euro and GBP, both of them has depreciated by somewhere between 12 to 14%. It had a big impact 
on our reported dollar numbers. 

If you take the constant currency growth, it went up around 7.1%. The revenues went up by 7.1% during this quarter. In 
reported dollar terms it went up by 5.3%. The volume growth was good. So I think if you have to account for this 
currency and restate the guidance what we gave in June, our guidance would have come down to 16 to 18%. 

In the last four weeks, lot of things happened in the environment. We are cautious. We want to be cautious. That's why 
we reduced our dollar guidance to 13 to 15%. We've not seen any impact till now. [inaudible] customers, they are still 
seeing good growth, volume growth is strong, pricing is still stable. We are seeing growth in BFSI. We are seeing 
growth in Europe. We are seeing growth in some of the services. But looking at what is happening in the environment 
that things are changing so drastically, we want to be cautious. That's why we reduced the guidance for the full year. 


And our DSO days are very good at 60 days, last quarter it was 64 days. We are focused on receivables. Our quality of 
receivable is extremely good. 82% of the receivables is less than 30 days. And we have a hedging position of $932 
million. Last quarter it was 811 million. We slightly increased our hedging position but we'll continue to take a 
short-term view and try to hedge our exposures on next two quarters. We don't want to take a long-term view because 
the currency markets are volatile. However, we will look at increasing our hedging for the non-rupee currencies, that is, 
all the major currencies, whether U.S. dollar or GBP or Euro because those currencies are becoming much more 
volatile and that could impact our revenues and profits. So we are trying to increase our hedging further. 

We also made one more announcement today that we are not going to increase our offer price for Axon. As you all 
remember we gave offer of £6 per share including their interim dividend, which they declared. We had done a fair 
amount of due diligence and homework before we gave that price. We felt that was a fair price and looking at the 
environment, looking at the diligence we had done, we felt there is no need to increase that price, which we 
communicated to the Axon Board. 

We closed the quarter with $1.9 billion of cash. We believe that we have enough liquidity and our balance sheet is very 
strong. So I think overall we had a very good performance. We are cautious about the future because of what is 
happening in the environment and our guidance reflects that. Going forward for the full year we believe the operating 
margin will be stable at the 2008 fiscal level within a narrow band of 40, 50 basis points. So in spite of all this we'll be 
in a position to maintain our margins within a narrow band. 

With this I conclude. If you have any questions we'll take. Thank you. 

Sandeep Mahindroo, Senior Manager, Investor Relations 

Jessica, we can start the Q&A. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Trip Chowdhry [Global Equities Research]. 

<Q - Trip Chowdhry>: Hello, this is Trip Chowdhry from Global Equities Research. I was wondering first of course 
that the environment is very challenging but I was wondering if you can imagine this scenario and put – and give us 
your thoughts. Suppose, today is July 2009 and for the first time in your history, you've registered a negative 
year-over-year growth and you are at the crossroad to decide among two things. Number one, reduce your stock salary 
to 2003 levels or to cut your workforce. What are the pros and cons to both strategies and if that situation really comes 
how will Infosys react to that operationally, strategically? 

And the second question I have is, why don't you just walk away from Axon? I don't think the time is right, the price is 
right, and the way you're paying for the company is right. In a tough credit situation, you don't buy companies on cash. 
You should have bought it on – by stock and maybe put a collar next to it. Any thoughts on both questions? And again 
all the best, it's a very difficult environment, and you're doing very good. 

<A - T. Mohandas Pai>: Let me answer the first one. One minute. Okay, let me answer the whole question. I am 
Mohan here. First of all, let us make one thing clear. We have created a company with a cost model which is very 
flexible, 30% of the offshore costs are variable. If the work onsite comes down, people can always shift it back to India 
because out of maybe 20,000 people who are abroad, 4,500 people are permanently stationed there, less than 1000 
people who are hired for the position. Of the 5,500 people are there, they can come back if required. 

So even if the revenues come down we have a tremendous amount of flexibility in the model and 30% of the total 
offshore salaries, which are maybe 15% of revenues are variable. So there is no need to ask people to go in case the 
revenues come down unless it becomes so catastrophic that the world comes to an end. So that's one point I want to 


make. 

And the second point I want to make is that we have a process whereby we rate people on performance and people at 
the bottom end of the table normally go out of the system. And there is enough inbuilt attrition in the system to take 
care of the non-performers so that the people in the system are very good people. So there is no need at this point of 
time sitting where we do, seeing what we do, to do anything else. 

And the next thing you asked about the acquisition, please remember in an acquisition there are two parties to a 
contract. There is somebody who has to make an offer, somebody who has to accept an offer. If you want to acquire a 
company you have to make an offer and somebody has to accept it. If you put a collar, if you do everything, do 
whatever you say, nobody will accept that offer. And this was made at a point in time when the economic conditions 
were very, very different. So it must be seen in that particular context. We could make a collar, we could give some 
stock, we could do, we could put in some hundred conditions, but then it is not worth it for somebody to sell 
themselves. Nobody is desperate to sell, nobody is desperate to buy. It was done in a particular context. So I think you 
need to understand in that context. 

<Q - Trip Chowdhry>: Yes, I was just wondering, just as a follow-up, like situation has got much worse. When you 
put the offer and where the stock is today, Infosys stock is almost down 30-40% and I don't see the initial thesis that 
was put in place that you want to expand in Europe because Europe is a growth area. I think Europe is no better off 
than U.S., and I really think you need to take the offer off the table, you will get a break for your 4.5 million, not a bad 
thing, and probably year out Axon is worth not more than... 

<A - T. Mohandas Pai>: I think you have a good viewpoint, and we let it rest at that. 

<Q - Trip Chowdhry>: Thanks. 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Next question? 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Arvind Ramnani [Banc of America Securities]. 

<Q - Arvind Ramnani>: Hi, this is Arvind Ramnani at Banc of America. There is couple of questions, what is the 
roadmap of your top account? 

<A - V. Balakrishnan>: So we continue to work with the top account, we continue to be committed to every client we 
have. It has been some – steady as it's going at this point and so we'll continue to work with the client. 

<Q - Arvind Ramnani>: Great. My next question is can you actually expand on your new hedging strategy? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: No, there is no new hedging strategy. We're following the same strategy. What we said 
earlier was we don't want to take a long-term view because the markets are very volatile. We are taking a short-term 
view. We are continuing to do that. What we are doing now is the cross currencies. The cross currencies are more 
drastically in the last few months. And we need to have hedging strategies to address that. That's what we are doing 
now otherwise on rupee-dollar there is no new strategy. 

<Q - Arvind Ramnani>: And will you be hedging on top line or bottom-line? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: No, I think you can't hedge the top line. You have to hedge to make sure the impact on the 
margins and EPS is minimized. That's what we are doing. 

<Q - Arvind Ramnani>: Sure. Thank you. 

Operator 


Your next question comes from Mark Marostica [Piper Jaffray]. 

<Q - Mark Zgutowicz>: Good evening. It's actually Mark Zgutowicz for Mark Marostica. I just have two questions. 
First off, in light of the current environment, I am just trying to understand what your motivations are for adding an 
additional 8,000 employees in the second half despite having a similar number on your bench right now, and just a 
follow-up to that what that implies for utilization rates in the second half, ex – utilization rate ex-trainees? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Well, in the current environment, what we are doing essentially, we're fulfilling the offers 
that we made last year. We've said several times that as part of the employee for next year you have to make offer one 
year in advance in the colleges. We had 18,000 offers outstanding last year out of which 11,700 offers have been 
fulfilled. The balance 6,300 offers are to be fulfilled and we estimate about 75% of people to whom the offers have 
been made will join. And that is what is the number that you see coming in this year apart from some old outstanding 
offers, very small number outstanding offers we would have made maybe about 60 days ago. 

<Q - Mark Zgutowicz>: Okay. So should that imply then a continued downward trend on the utilization rate that 
we've seen in the past few quarters? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Yes, they are the bottom of the pyramid. They don't cost so much in comparison to our 
thing and we will train them up. We will train them... 

<Q - Mark Zgutowicz>: I mean, can you provide... 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Yeah, the utilization this quarter has gone up from last quarter. And there is seasonality to 
our hiring. The campus recruits join typically in our second and third quarter and they go through a training for about 
four months, so when they come into the system there will be a temporary dip. We are comfortable with a utilization of 
about 76, 77 up to even 80%, that's the range we want to keep. Right now the utilization is 74.3, which is a comfortable 

– 74.1, which is okay and margins will support utilization at this level. 
<Q - Mark Zgutowicz>: Okay. And can you just provide some insight into next year in terms of how you are looking 
at conditions next year? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: See, we give guidance in April for the next year. Having said that it is actually difficult to 
talk about next year because of the challenging environment in which we are. I strongly believe that once the stability 
comes there will be significant work for companies like Infosys even now because of the merges and things like that, 
because of the need to cut cost, because of the need for regulatory changes and I strongly believe there will be further 
regulatory changes and things like that. There would be work for companies like Infosys. 

Medium to long-term, the need to globalize the business, take advantage of India and China, that's the drivers we have 
been talking about for sometime. All these will require investment in technology and the model in which we operate, 
the global delivery model is no longer seen as a challenger. It's really the mainstream model. That's the model which is 
strong. The proof is that this industry continues to grow, continues to – the number of companies coming into India 
continues to increase and so this model will continue to grow is what we see. 

<Q - Mark Zgutowicz>: Okay and then my last question is just your visibility on your top five clients. Having 
declined about, it looks like about 10% in the last two quarters combined. What should we expect here in the second 
half? 

<A - V. Balakrishnan>: See we have given you guidance, overall guidance for the next two quarters. We don't like to 
talk about a particular segment within that any way you slice it, what is the growth rate in Europe for next quarter, et 
cetera. We have quarter-to-quarter changes happening, sometimes the top 10 growth, sometimes the next let's say 20 
accounts grow. This is a quarter where the accounts below the top 10 grew substantially more than the top 10 itself. So 
that keeps changing quarter-to-quarter. There is nothing unusual happening. We have in the past also slowed down 
some accounts – growth in certain accounts. There is a churn in the top 10, there could be churn in the top 10. These 
are all things which have happened in the past. It can't be attributed to what is happening in the environment today. So 
that's why we don't give you by top 10 what is the growth rate and things like that. 


<Q - Mark Zgutowicz>: Can you comment on just your visibility today versus what it looked like a quarter ago on 
those revenues, just among your top five, is it the same? Is it better is it the same, just may be some color there? 

<A - V. Balakrishnan>: Yeah, visibility is same, but what we have done is even though visibility is there, we said let 
us be cautious because this is a very unusual set of circumstances. This is probably a once in a lifetime event. I think 
that's what everybody believes or thinks. And in that environment you need to be cautious and that is exactly what we 
have done. 

<Q - Mark Zgutowicz>: Okay, great thank you. 

<A - Sandeep Mahindroo>: Jessica, can we have the next question? 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Moshe Katri [SG Cowen]. 

<Q - Moshe Katri>: Hi, thanks, Moshe Katri with Cowen. Guys, can you – when you look at the quarter in terms of 
the progression on a monthly basis, is there – can you comment on the month of September versus July and August in 
terms of ramp up of new projects and may be project delays and then new wins. Have we seen – I am assuming we've 
seen some pretty big changes as we got towards the end of the quarter? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Moshe, in our case actually it's the other way. Actually September was a good month for us 
but we don't want to take that forward. These are unusual circumstances and it could be client specific, company 
specific. But in our case actually September was a good month for us. 

<Q - Moshe Katri>: It was a good month in terms of project ramp as well, projects – new projects coming on board? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Yes. 

<Q - Moshe Katri>: Okay. And then are you prepared to make any comments, Kris, on the '09 budgets. I know it's too 
early. I mean in your view what's the likelihood that we will go through the same pushbacks we went through early 
calendar '08 in terms of setting the budgets? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Moshe, see, the early indications we got and this is – we do a survey every quarter, the 
early indications we got was that there would not be a delay this time but I wouldn't now take it and we're going to go 
back to our clients and talk to them again. 

<Q - Moshe Katri>: Okay. And then finally obviously given the drastic restructuring and kind of reshaping in the 
financial services arena, recent M&A activity, the bankruptcies, is there any way you can quantify kind of the impact 
on the revenue base in financial services. Do you think that impacts, I don't know 10% of your revenue base in 
financial services, do you think that's going to take it out of the overall revenue base down the road. I mean have you 
done such an analysis given that that financial or BFSI is such a big part of your revenue base? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: So, BFSI, which include insurance is still the largest industry vertical for Infosys, about 
35% of our revenues is – sorry, actually 33.3% of our revenues is from the whole BFSI space of which banking and 
financial services is actually the largest, 26.5 is banking and capital service – financial services. We don't expect a 
drastic change Moshe, and the reason for this is even for one, first thing is fortunately at least till now some of the 
companies which got severely impacted or cease to exist, they were not our client. Then where there is some 
acquisition, we have actually sort of benefited from that acquisition. And we expect some integration work to come our 
way. 

And then given that our percentage share of the total IT spend in this sector is still very small, even at 26%, we are 
talking about total revenue from this sector of close to $1 billion so or more and that is not even 1% of the total spend. I 
don't know, maybe even 0.1% of the total spend in this sector actually when you look at all the companies. And so it's 
not, I wouldn't say that it is going to change that much. We also did some other kind of analysis. We said that of all the 


possible companies we can work with, how many are we working with, and that percentage is also very small. So there 
are more companies we don't work with than we work with actually. And the last data point is of the 40 clients we 
added in Q2, majority were actually the BFSI segment. So when I look at all this data, will it changed dramatically? 
Probably not, between quarters there will be some small variations here and there, that's all. 

<Q - Moshe Katri>: Thanks, thanks for the clarifications. 

Operator 

And next question come from George Price [Stifel Nicolaus]. 

<Q - George Price>: Hi, thanks very much. Just a couple of questions. First, with the top five and top 10 client 
contributions kind of weakening a little bit, can you give a little bit more color on what's going on with the shifting 
around in the top five and the top 10 as being driven by in terms of delayed work or work stoppages or shifting of 
clients within those lists? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: There is all of the above in some sense. We are seeing some delays we are seeing in ramp 
up delays we are seeing some shifting. That is some clients growing slower or just staying foot and some other clients 
growing faster so they moved down in the list. So all of these are happening. 

<Q - George Price>: Okay. Is the – are top five and the top 10 the same this quarter as the prior quarter, September 
versus June? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Yes. 

<Q - George Price>: Okay. And what's implied I guess in your fiscal '09, the revision to the fiscal '09 revenue 
guidance beyond currency, I guess, specifically does this imply zero new business or the current levels of ramp up that 
you're seeing now, which is obviously slower. Do you assume that it kind of gets incrementally worse, do you assume 
it gets any better, any kind of color around that about what the underlying assumptions are, it will be helpful. 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: So George, typically when you enter a quarter, we have 95% visibility. Now in this 
environment we said we cannot apply our normal standards and we said that we have to be cautious. And that is why 
we kind of shifted the model little bit even though we have good visibility. We said that the revenues that we expect to 
come within the quarter, which is approximately 5% more. Even from same client there may be delays. There may be 
delays in ramp ups, because we've had good wins. And hence we put a factor and said that let's be cautious. 

<Q - George Price>: Okay. Last question is when – given that you are involved with several clients on the M&A side, 
I guess I would say I think primarily on the financial and BFSI, that there may be others that we're not aware of. But I 
guess more particularly to BFSI, when do you think the integration related work begins to flow? What's your sense of 
the timing on when that could start to – assuming that you're involved in that work, you win some of that work, when 
would think that that could actually start to flow through your results? 

<A - Ashok Vemuri>: This is Ashok. So some of the stuff we're already having conversations with our client and 
we're putting some, our thoughts together as well as certain project clients et cetera together for that. So some are in the 
initial conversation stages. We also have in certain cases already started work on one or two of these important post 
merger integration work. We have also actually been invited by two of our clients to do a decision to help them in the 
decisioning of whether an acquired – a target company would make sense given the fact that we know their systems 
very well and we know the target systems as well, we've not actually been told what it is, but it's been given at 
presentation what the target systems would be. So I mean the short answer is that in certain cases we have already 
started conversations, some advanced stage and in two cases we have actually started working. 

<Q - George Price>: But I guess where do you think that this – I mean it sounds like all this stuff is still pretty early 
stage, based on what I'm hearing in general in your comments. Is that, do you think that's accurate and when do you 
think you – when do you think it sort of peaks out or hits sort of a run rate? 


<A - Ashok Vemuri>: Yeah, so this is not a large part of the revenue for us, and clearly we do expect some of this to 
happen when the dust settles in terms of the acquiree and the acquired company basically sit down and make a 
determination as to what they need to do. We also think that the budget cycle will be an important inflection point in 
determining what kind of dollars will be allocated to this activity, what will be done immediately, what will done in the 
medium term and what will be left. It's also a function of how people are going to structure these companies, a lot of 
them may leave certain portions of the business of the acquired company intact, and therefore they may not want to 
actually do anything and sun sets on the stuff that's already there. 

So when where there is post merger integration work, when there is sun-setting that's happening in all these areas, there 
is play for us. But as I said earlier, this is not such a significantly large portion of our revenue. 

<Q - George Price>: Okay, fair enough. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Kanchana Vydianathan. 

<Q - Kanchana Vydianathan>: [inaudible] from Pacific Crest Securities. My first question is I just want to clarify, I 
want to make sure I understand this right. Looking at your revenue guidance for the December and the March quarters, 
you are basically assuming no new deal signings and you are also assuming possible push out in some of your existing 
deals. Is that a fair assumption? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: We're assuming no large deals at this point. We assume some deals would be signed, but 
we're not – normally we would assume some more revenues to come from new deals, but we are not assuming that 
many. It's kind of a cautious approach at this point. That's the difference, slightly more cautious than normal. 

<Q - Kanchana Vydianathan>: Okay. I guess my second question is on the pricing. Can you help us understand 
looking at pricing on new deals and existing deals, in the BFSI segment and in the non-BFSI segment, mainly looking 
at like-for-like deals, what are you seeing in terms of pricing? And also are you seeing any sporadic negotiations in 
terms of pricing as you had indicated in the June quarter where you had an odd case or so. Can you help us understand 
that? 

<A - S. D. Shibulal>: So I just want to talk about Q2 before I go there because in Q2 if you look our pricing has been 
very stable. In fact, the onsite revenue productivity has gone up by 0.6%, the offshore has gone up by 0.1%. Blended 
had come down because the ratio between onsite and offshore has changed. We are not seeing sporadic price 
renegotiations at this point in time. And I am not seeing material difference between what is in BFSI and what is 
outside as far as these conversations are concerned. Ashok, do you want to add anything? 

<A - Ashok Vemuri>: Yeah, I think Shibu you summarized that well in the sense that we are not seeing any sporadic 
requests for price negotiations. Negotiations that are happening are as per the annual plan. We've seen fairly stable 
pricing environment for us in this past quarter. We don't expect to be able to get any price increases dramatically given 
the environment, but whenever we have expanded our service footprint or have done value added services, we have 
clearly got a premium, where it's been possible to explain the reason for that premium, and our clients have bought that. 
So, in the commodity part of the business, as I call it, the commodity part of the business, we have seen steady rates. 

<Q - Kanchana Vydianathan>: Okay. And I guess my next question is looking at retail and manufacturing, I guess 
the bigger concern now there is, in the coming quarters are you going to begin to see slowdown in retail 
manufacturing? I mean you had a good quarter in September and especially in manufacturing. So can you help us 
understand looking at, based on your visibility, what is your expectation for retail and manufacturing in the next couple 
of quarters? 

<A - S. D. Shibulal>: At this point in time, if you look at our again Q2 experience, manufacturing has done very well. 
It has gone up as a percentage of revenue from 18 to 20% in Q2. We do see the probability that this could go into retail 
and from there to manufacturing. We are watching the situation very, very closely, but other clients at this point, in 


manufacturing are not showing any fatigue. And also manufacturing product is, is a unique segment because the kind of 
services we provide in manufacturing traditionally has been very, very wide. If you look at manufacturing, we provide 
ADM services, we provided SAP implementation, Oracle implementation services, that is common for many others, 
you can say that is common for many other verticals. 

The two other services which are very, very prevalent in manufacturing; one is product development. The product 
development work which we do, which we have been doing for many, many years, so a lot of the high tech 
corporations; and the product life cycle management work, which we do for predominantly for aerospace and 
automotive and things like that. So the kind of services which we are providing manufacturing is very, very wide and 
varied. So that possibly, and that is a plus point for us in manufacturing. 

<Q - Kanchana Vydianathan>: Okay. And my final question is, looking at your operating margin, I mean you did get 
the benefit of the rupee this quarter and you were able to improve it by 2%. My question is, do you believe at this point 
that looking at your reinvestments into the business that your – if you look at the reinvestment rate that it is high 
enough that you will be able to sustain above industry average growth rates for the next few years? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Yes, we are financially very strong, when you look at our investments we have multiple 
initiatives going on simultaneously. We have not reduced our investment in education and training of our employees, 
we've not reduced recruitment. So, we are actually well poised as opportunities come to accelerate growth. 

<Q - Kanchana Vydianathan>: Okay, thank you very much 

Operator 

Your next questions come from Karl Keirstead. 

<Q - Karl Keirstead>: Hi, good afternoon. Karl Keirstead with Kaufman. I am just wondering if given the credit 
crunch you are seeing, any change in the typical contract structures where competitors or perhaps you following suite 
might be guaranteeing cost savings or absorbing some of the upfront costs on projects. Any contract structure change 
beyond the pricing points over the life of the deal? Thank you. 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: In the BFSI sector, we've not had any contract changes with respect to either pricing or any 
of, any terms and conditions whether they are service level agreements or any other parameters. Obviously, when there 
is consolidation you have to look at the contracts of both party and then you'll have to come to the part, through the 
contract of the parties that has acquired the target. Sometimes the terms and conditions could be different and those 
have been looked at both by the company and us. And we have in most cases gone with the terms and conditions which 
are there of that of the target – of the acquired companies, sorry. So we've not had any material conversations around 
any changes in the contract. 

<Q - Karl Keirstead>: Okay, thanks. And may be just a quick follow-up. In terms of your assumptions underlying the 
guidance, it sounds as if you are assuming some continued delays and deal awards and project ramps. But just to the 
clear, is it the case that you are not assuming any project cancellations that are currently live, is that correct? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Yeah, we've not seen cancellations, so we've not assumed the cancellations. And other than, 
you know in your normal circumstances sometimes the projects get canceled you know, so that's part of our normal, 
normal routine, we get – those get replaced with some other work and we go on. Every quarter there will be something 
happening and something – some cancellation. Nothing, there is no – nothing from the environment that is creating 
those things. It's not different this time. We have assumed that the velocity for business is slow, has slowed down and 
that is the reason why we've said growth will be lower at this point. 

<Q - Karl Keirstead>: Okay, good. Congrats on the good September numbers. 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from David Grossman [Thomas Weisel Partners]. 

<Q - David Grossman>: Hi, thanks. Just a quick follow up to, kind of the assumptions underlying guidance, I mean I 
think you've been talking about flat pricing. So is it fair to say that the volume growth that you are assuming pretty 
much parallel to the constant currency growth? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Yes, we – currently we're looking at volume growth, David. And see, the reason why we 
are able to sustain our prices, flat pricing etcetera, David, is that ultimately pricing is determined by the market but you 
have some, some influence. You have, you have the choice to decide to take up or not to take up, right? And we have a 
disciplined approach to sales, we have strict controls put on how and who can give discounts and things like that. And 
that is why we are able to hold on to our pricing, we are not aggressive, we want the right business for growth. And 
that's the philosophy of the company always and that we have sustained. 

<Q - David Grossman>: So then the volume growth should parallel constant currency growth at least in terms of your 
guidance for the second half of the year? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: David, if you look at the third quarter in constant currency at the upper end, the growth 
could be around 2.3%. If you look at Q4 or Q3, because we assume the same currency rate, it could be flat. 

<Q - David Grossman>: Okay. And then secondly, I don't think you've ever been not only in an environment like this 
but as you enter next year if you kind of stick with the current trend and that extends into next year, can you just help us 
understand the puts and takes on the margins if we end up in a kind of low single, mid single digit kind of growth 
environment? In fiscal 10, I mean you've done a great job historically of managing the margin when you've had 
headwinds. But if you could give us some insight into, given where we sit today, how that kind of growth environment 
would affect the margins or some of the decisions you'll have to make going into next year? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: David, we are actually very confident of margins. And of course if everything crumbles 
because anything could happen in this environment then it's not – that, you can't make that statement. But with 
reasonable certainty, we have more confidence on the margins than on growth. And the reason for saying this is the 
number of levers we have including, David, a significant part of compensation is variable for our employees. And if 
worse comes to worse that is also – and if there is no growth etcetera, this variable compensation does not get paid out. 
So there are many levers and there is lot more control over the margins and then if the growth is there then, you have 
both, growth and margins. 

<Q - David Grossman>: Okay, thanks very much Kris. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Julio Quinteros [Goldman, Sachs & Co.]. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros>: Hey [inaudible]. 

<A>: [inaudible]. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros>: Hey, how are you? Sandeep, hi. Real quickly, just on the ranges in terms of the guidance as 
you look at the third and fourth quarter, huge, huge ranges on the sort of the low end and the top end. Can you just walk 
us through what would be built into the low end of the guidance, are we talking of – I mean, I know you have to say no 
cancellations. But does that scenario sort of incorporate more delays, more deferrals. Is that just semantics? I guess, I'm 
just trying to understand what's on the low end of your guidance as far as implications in terms of push outs, delays that 
kind of stuff? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: Julio see, velocity of business has slowed down and there are projects which are ending, 
etcetera and so if let's say there is a delay in replacing that with some projects, etcetera. So what we've have done is, 


even though visibility is similar, we have assumed that there maybe slow down, and then when you put that into the 
model, you know, you get a different growth rate and that's what we have done this time. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros>: Okay, got it. And then looking at the larger client accounts, I mean, there is all kinds of 
different puts and takes in terms of what's happening with the larger clients. But if you guys had to sort of say what the 
key service offering is that you bring to the table if they, what are they actually still buying from you more if you can't 
spread it out across your services? Is the core service offering today mostly maintenance and outsourcing type work or 
is there something more specific that clients are coming to you and asking for given all the constraints that exit today? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: We are seeing good traction in our consulting and package implementation services. 
Consulting is seeing significant traction. In Q2, we won five transformation deals, which are all above 30 million plus. 
We won five large deals, outsourcing deals which are again more than 50 million each. And so we are seeing traction 
across infrastructure management, system integration again saw growth and we are continuing to see all our services 
doing well in this environment. Both discretionary and non-discretionary spending, again we are seeing good traction. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros>: Okay got it. And then can you guys just remind us the philosophy in terms of dividend payout 
versus buybacks given the amount of cash that you guys have on your balance sheet. You are still generating a 
significant amount of free cash. How do we think about what point you guys go back and figure out whether a buyback 
or anything along those lines will make more sense? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: So, we keep increasing our dividend pay out, and last year we decided that up to 30% of the 
profits can be paid out as dividends, so we changed the percentage from 20 to 30% and dividends have been going up 
with occasional one-time large payouts and things like that. And so that philosophy of dividend will continue. 

Regarding our buyback per se, we never say never but generally we don't want to look at buybacks, that's the current 
philosophy of the company. So we're not looking at buybacks at this point. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros>: Okay, great. And then just on the big contracts that you mentioned, what's the timing on the 
ramp up of those large contracts? Is there a way to kind of map that out, or is it just still kind of difficult to sort of say 
when they really begin to contribute? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: So that is there, some of the delays are even when the contract is signed, it's not ramping up 
as we had originally anticipated. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros>: Okay. 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: So the part of the delay we are seeing. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros>: Got it. And then anything unusual on the balance sheet side that you guys can comment on just 
relative to the decline in deferred revenues? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: No, I think you can't see a better balance sheet than ours in any part of the world. I think 
when you look at unbuilt and unearned, you have to see the net amount. They're nothing unusual. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros>: I'll balance it again, it's okay. Okay, all right, got it. Thanks guys. Good luck. 

<A - Sandeep Mahindroo>: Jessica, can we take one last question? 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Ed Caso [Wachovia]. 

<Q - Ed Caso>: All right, thank you for taking my question. Just I wanted to clarify relative to the prior guidance how 
much of the reduction reflects in the currency and how much of it reflects a more cautious view of the environment? 

<A - S. Gopalakrishnan>: So our original guidance in dollar terms was 19 to 21%. If you convert that into constant 
currency, it comes to 16 to 18%, so 3% drop is because of currency movement. So 3% is currency, 3% is because of 


our cautious outlook into the future. So from 19 to 21 which we gave six months back, we are saying 13.1 to 15.2 
today. And out of the 6% drop, 3% is currency and 3% is based on the environment. 

Thank you all very much for joining us today. We are always thankful to you for the interest you have and of the time 
you've taken to participate in this call. Looking forward to interacting with you during the quarter and if not, we'll again 
meet on this teleconference at the end of next quarter. Sandeep? 

Sandeep Mahindroo, Senior Manager, Investor Relations 

This brings us to the end of this conference call. We thank you all for joining us. Have a good day. Thanks. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference call, you may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2008, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


