Q2 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• R. Kevin Sellers, Vice President, Finance; Director, Investor Relations 
• Paul S. Otellini, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Stacy J. Smith, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Uche Orji 
• Ross Seymore 
• John Pitzer 
• Auguste Richard 
• Glen Yeung 
• Christopher Danely 
• David Wong 
• James Covello 
• Timothy Luke 
• Craig Berger 
• Mark Lipacis 
• Stacy Rasgon 
• Doug Freedman 
• Sumit Dhanda 
• Alex Gauna 
• Kevin Cassidy 
• Daniel Berenbaum 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Q2 2010 Intel Corporation earnings conference call. My name is 
Chastity and I will be your coordinator for today. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. 
After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this 
conference is being recorded for replay purposes. 

I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Kevin Sellers, VP of Investor Relations. 
Please proceed, sir. 

R. Kevin Sellers, Vice President, Finance; Director, Investor Relations 
Thank you, Chastity, and welcome everyone to Intel's second quarter 2010 earnings conference call. I'm joined today 
by Paul Otellini, our President and CEO; and Stacy Smith, our Chief Financial Officer. 

A few important items before we begin; we posted our earnings release, CFO commentary, and updated financial 
statements to our Investor website, intc.com, for anyone who still needs access to that information. Also, if during this 


call we use any non-GAAP financial measures or references, we will post the appropriate GAAP financial 
reconciliations to our website, intc.com. Following some brief prepared remarks from both Paul and Stacy, we'll take 
questions. 

As we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the 
environment as we currently see it and as such, does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for 
more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. 

I also want to remind you of our annual Intel Developers Forum scheduled for September 13 through 15 in San 
Francisco, and hope to see many of you there. For information on this event, please visit our website or contact Intel 
Investor Relations directly. 

With that, let me now hand it over to Paul. 

Paul S. Otellini, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Kevin. In Q2, Intel posted its best quarterly results ever, as the economies of the world continue to reflect 
renewed economic momentum. Intel growth continues to run ahead of economic growth, reflecting what we believe is 
a fundamental shift, driven by Internet adoption. 

Our second quarter was up 5% from Q1 versus a seasonal norm of down 2%. In addition to continuing year-over-year 
growth in the consumer segments, this quarter we benefited from a broad based return of the enterprise and small 
business segments. Our server business had a record quarter, showing strong sequential unit growth and strength from 
customers opting for richer configurations that drove an improved mix within the server category. 

The return on investment that our new server offerings deliver is extremely compelling and is a major reason for the 
strong demand we are experiencing. One example of the surging demand for servers is in the IP Data Center segment, 
which grew 170% over Q2 of last year. As Internet traffic continues to boom, the cloud build-out is accelerating in 
order to keep pace. 

In addition to servers, we also saw companies, including small businesses, refreshing their PCs. Like servers, this too 
was broad based, and was an important driver of improving product mix within our PC business last quarter. 

Our Atom business also performed very well, growing 16% sequentially. Two important drivers were responsible. 
First, there was an inventory correction in Q1 that is now normalized. And second, we introduced dual-core versions of 
Atom, which helped drive incremental demand and improve our mix within the Atom category. Since launching the 
Atom processor two years ago, we've shipped approximately 75 million Atoms, and we still expect the industry to ship 
around 40 million netbooks this year. 

In terms of global demand for PCs, many third-party analysts are now projecting annual unit growth of around 20%. 
Our plans are consistent with this number. For the last five quarters, we have seen PC sales driven by consumer 
purchases, particularly notebooks. This trend is continuing. And in Q2, we saw a return of corporate purchases that 
offset seasonal and geographic patterns in the Consumer segment. Our outlook for the year remains robust and we are 
planning for a seasonal second half. 

One quick word about the status of inventories. Cross the supply chain, we are very comfortable with the levels of 
inventory. In the channel, we saw a marked decline in inventories as currency volatility caused distributors to cut back 
on orders, so inventories in the channel are very lean. As for inventories on our balance sheet, the increase was both 
conscious and important. Over 100% of the increase was from leading edge 32-nanometer processors in anticipation of 
a seasonally stronger second half. 

At our Investor Day back in May, we talked a lot about the advantages we have with an integrated business model of 
both product design and manufacturing. Those advantages were very evident in our second quarter financial results. 
Our product costs continue to decline very nicely. And when combined with the innovative product lineup we have 
developed, we are able to enjoy healthy financial returns. Our process technology is and will continue to be a very 


important source of differentiation and earnings power for the company. 

In closing, I want to mention our upcoming product family, code named Sandy Bridge. Last quarter, I mentioned that 
we were broadly sampling this product to our customers. I am more excited about Sandy Bridge than I have been in any 
product that the company has launched in a number of years. Due to the very strong reception of Sandy Bridge, we 
have accelerated our 32-nanometer factory ramp and have raised our CapEx guidance to enable us to meet the 
anticipated demand. 

We look forward to seeing many of you at our September IDF conference in San Francisco, where we will share more 
details about this new architecture. 

With that, let me turn the meeting over to Stacy. 

Stacy J. Smith, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Paul. Our leadership product portfolio across servers, notebooks, netbooks, and desktops, coupled with our 
best ever platform unit costs and a growing PC and server end market led to our best ever results. Revenue, gross 
margin, operating profit, and earnings per share were all records. Revenue of $10.8 billion was up 34% from a year 
ago, and gross margin of 67% was up four points from the first quarter. Operating profit rose to $4 billion, and as a 
percent of revenue reached 37%. The improvements we have made in our productivity can be seen in revenue per 
employee of $134,000, also our best ever. 

Our financial results in the second quarter were a result of a strong product mix with the continued ramp of our new 
32-nanometer products. Microprocessor unit sales increased slightly above seasonal, and average selling prices for 
microprocessors were up slightly quarter on quarter. 

All geographies performed better than normal seasonal patterns. The server market segment was particularly strong, 
with customer demand for our new products leading to a richer mix. The Data Center Group achieved revenue of $2.1 
billion and operating profit of $1.1 billion, which was the first time operating profit exceeded $1 billion in this segment. 

Second quarter gross margin of 67% was higher than our expectation due to higher platform revenue and better than 
expected costs. The factory network delivered our lowest ever platform cost while accelerating the 32-nanometer 
process technology ramp as customers continue to demand a richer mix of our latest generation microprocessors. 

We generated approximately $3.5 billion of cash flow from operations in the second quarter. Total cash investments 
grew by $1.4 billion to approximately $18 billion. We paid nearly $900 million in dividends and purchased over $1 
billion in capital assets. Additionally, we increased total inventories by $350 million. 

The midpoint of our forecast for the third quarter is $11.6 billion. The forecasted revenue increase of 8% in the third 
quarter is slightly below the average seasonal increase. We are forecasting the midpoint of the gross margin range to be 
flat to the second quarter at 67%. For 2010, we are forecasting a record annual gross margin, with the midpoint of our 
annual forecast increasing from 64 to 66%. 

At our May Investor Day meeting, we reviewed how we have transformed the company's cost structure. The second 
quarter demonstrates the powerful financial results that can be generated when leadership products and a world-class 
cost structure are coupled with an overall healthy end market. Our business was strong in the first half. And our 
forecast for the rest of the year is that the second half is seasonally stronger, and that the strength of our product 
portfolio and our cost structure will allow us to achieve our most profitable year ever. 

With that, let me turn it back over to Kevin. 

R. Kevin Sellers, Vice President, Finance; Director, Investor Relations 

Okay, thanks, Paul and Stacy. We'll now move to Q&A. And as has been our practice, we'd like to ask each participant 
to limit themselves to one question and then one follow-up if you have one. So Chastity, please introduce our first 
questioner. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Uche Orji with UBS. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Thank you very much. Paul, let me just start off by asking you about the comments you made about 
distribution and I think the inventory channel, given all the currency upheaval. Have we seen any pickup now, 
especially in Europe, which has been quite a concern for some people? Any commentary as to where or how you see 
things tracking now in the third quarter within the distribution channel for inventory? 

<A - Paul S. Otellini, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So far so good; we gave guidance through a very 
robust third quarter. As Stacy said, it was basically seasonal, just slightly below the midpoint of seasonality. We don't 
see any inventory issues out there. The prices in Europe, obviously on a euro basis, would be up slightly. But what 
we're seeing is people are altering configurations as they free up the cash to build these machines. Distributors 
principally build the machines to order. Some SKUs are less memory configuration. Some are taking discrete graphics 
out just to try to keep the price points constant in the channel and at retail. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Just one follow-up on the Atom, I mean one of the questions that has been around as you look at 
tablet PCs now starting to take off and whether that will cannibalize netbooks. Just as you look at this category and 
look at it vis-à-vis netbooks, two questions here. How do you see the net impact, and how do you see the positioning of 
Atom within this category? 

<A - Paul S. Otellini, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think we're in the early stages of tablets obviously. 
There's just one really shipping in volume today. At this point, my view really hasn't changed in the last quarter or so. I 
think this is an additive category of computing, much like netbooks are an additive category of computing. 

Hello? Chastity, we've got some feedback out there. 

<A - R. Kevin Sellers, Vice President, Finance; Director, Investor Relations>: Yes, we're getting some noise. 

<A - Paul S. Otellini, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Chastity, are you there? 

Operator 

Yes, sir. I'm actually showing that it's coming from the participant's line on our end. 

<A - Paul S. Otellini, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. 

<A - R. Kevin Sellers, Vice President, Finance; Director, Investor Relations>: We'll keep going. 

<A - Paul S. Otellini, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I'm sorry, Uche. Let me start again. I haven't changed 
my view on tablets in the last three or four months since the launch of the iPad. I think they are an additive category to 
the market, much like we saw netbooks being additive. Netbooks in fact had a higher potential to cannibalize, and they 
didn't. I don't see tablets cannibalizing the PC market. I think people use them for different kinds of reasons. 

In terms of Intel participating in the tablet market, we remain very optimistic about this. At COMPUTEX last month, 
there were over 30 varieties of tablets shown based upon Atom configurations. The advantage of obviously Intel in this 
segment is you can run a number of operating systems. You can run Windows. You can run Android. You can run 
Chrome, and you can run MeeGo or the other versions of Linux. So we feel pretty good about our opportunity to 
participate in the growth as it happens. 


<A - R. Kevin Sellers, Vice President, Finance; Director, Investor Relations>: Thanks, Uche. Chastity, we'll take 
the next question. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Yes, congrats on the strong results. One question on the inventory in your own balance sheets, it 
was up about 12% sequentially. Can you give us a little color on units versus dollars? 

<A - Stacy J. Smith, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: Sure, this is Stacy. I'll be happy to. It was 
both. We got some units in place on 32-nanometer. That was our strategy. It's also as we're seeing those first wafers 
coming out of the first couple of factories on 32-nanometer, it tends to be just a little bit more expensive inventory. So 
both units and dollars – dollars per unit were up and dollars were up some. 

If I just talk about inventory now as we go forward, the inventory that we have in place is appropriate relative to where 
we are in the 32-nanometer ramp and relative to how we see demand in the second half. And I expect it to flatten out as 
we get into the second half of this year. It should be pretty flat in the third quarter as we go forward. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: And then one follow-up on the pricing side specific to the server side, I guess with the Data 
Center Group up as strongly as it was and Nehalem-EX shipping, I would think that the pricing could have been up 8, 
10% in that segment. Is that mix dynamic? Is my assumption on that correct, and am I in the ballpark on the pricing 
side? 

<A - Stacy J. Smith, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, it's a level of granularity we're not going 
to go to. We definitely saw the mix better in servers, and that led to a ASP positive impact. And then we also saw that 
server as a percent of the total business was higher. It had a very good quarter, and so we saw a little bit of a mix just 
based on more server shipments relative to everything else. Those two things both led to the mix good news we saw in 
the quarter. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Yes, congratulations, guys. Maybe to follow up on the ASP question. Stacy, you've been guiding 
future gross margin most of the year under the assumption of normal price declines. I'm curious when you look at the 
67% guidance for September, then the full year guidance of 66, are you expecting normal historical price declines? Did 
you think you'll continue to see the positive mix that you've seen the first couple quarters? 

<A - Stacy J. Smith, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: I think you can really see that in the fact that 
from last quarter, I came up from 64 to 66% for the year, and almost all of that is associated with the impact I just 
talked about. It's just a richer mix of products than I was expecting. The other thing I'll point you to is in my Q2 to Q3 
margin walk, which I can go through for you if you want, ASP isn't one of the drivers. So you can get a sense of I'm not 
expecting it to be a big driver as we go into the third quarter. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: And I guess as my follow-up, Paul, as you think about second half revenue being seasonal and 
your product portfolio, I'd be curious if you break it down to three big buckets: client versus server, consumer versus 
corporate, and then the desktop/notebook/Atom bucket. Which one of those – can you talk a little bit about what you 
expect to be better than seasonal? Maybe are you expecting any seasonal softness anywhere? 

<A - Paul S. Otellini, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We're not planning for any seasonal softness. When I 
told you we're endorsing 20% as a planning number, it's hard to find any softness in a 20% year-on-year number, right? 


Let me try and give you some granularity though. Clearly, we said for some time and we showed you at the Analyst 
Meeting that something like 70% of our business is consumer on a worldwide basis. Some of that is small business 
built into that. I don't see that shifting. So I think that level of participation in the consumer segments will be reflected 
and will be seasonal first half versus second half. I don't see a change there. 

I think it will continue to be driven by notebooks. And I think servers will continue to be strong if I had to guess at this 
point in time. I see no reason not to. There's two trends inside the server movement. 

One is the capacity needs coming off the Internet Data Center build out, and I gave you some data on that as part of my 
commentary. And the other is the return on investment that you can get in enterprise data centers by swapping out old 
versus new equipment in terms of both capacity and power savings, electricity cost savings. I think those are very big 
drivers this year that are going be overlaid on top of this. 

The last comment I'd make on your question is on Atom, which is I really don't see the – I gave you my number for the 
year for netbooks. I don't see that part of the Atom business taking off much higher than it already is. It's good 
year-on-year growth. I think the growth in Atom over the course – the new growth in Atom this year is going be in 
embedded and in products like the Google TV products that were launched last month. We didn't talk about that on the 
last conference call because it wasn't announced yet. But I can tell you that a number of companies are now moving 
towards production on Atom based televisions, set-top boxes, DVD players, and so forth around that particular 
construct. And to me, that is one of the bigger things to watch for the holiday season as those products break market 
and see what happens. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gus Richard with Piper Jaffray. 

<Q - Auguste Richard>: Yes, congratulations on a good quarter. Just could you talk a little bit about – you said that 
you saw strength regionally everywhere. Were there any areas like Europe that was weak or Brazil or China that was 
particularly strong? 

<A - Paul S. Otellini, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Every geography was up above our seasonal norm, 
right, so at least in terms of Intel revenue. We don't have all the sales out data yet. We've got two months of it, but the 
trends so far are that on a year-over-year basis, everything was up, and in particular on the commercial or enterprise 
side of the business. 

In terms of China, it was a little slow going early in the quarter and it got good towards the end, similar in Europe. We 
had the volcano in the beginning and some currency disturbances and volatility in the middle, and things settled down 
in both geographies by the end of the quarter. The net was year over year, everything was nicely up. 

<A - Stacy J. Smith, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: If I may add, you can see it in the results. We 
saw particular strength in the enterprise segment. And if you look at the geographic breakdown, you see that Americas 
and Europe were both the best in terms of seasonality, and that's just because they have a larger component of those 
markets are large companies in enterprise segment. So the enterprise strength really helped drive those results. 

<Q - Auguste Richard>: And then on the enterprise segment, you are definitely beginning to see the beginning uptake 
of a corporate upgrade cycle, of an enterprise upgrade cycle on the client side? 

<A - Paul S. Otellini, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It appears that way. We knew for some time that this 
phenomenon had to happen; that the machines were just costing more to keep on the books than they were worth in 
terms of out-of-warranty and repairs and those kinds of things; and the desire, the strong desire to upgrade to Win 7. So 
I think now that corporations have some breathing room in the economy and their budgets, you're starting to see those 
machines that are four and five years old get refreshed. I can't comment on the rate of refresh. My sense is you're going 
to see one year every year for the next couple of years, but that will be an accelerant. 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung with Citi. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Thanks. Either Paul or Stacy, if we talk to, for example, the notebook OEMs about their outlook 
for the third quarter, they're talking about a below seasonal forecast. And you guys are below but just slightly. Any way 
to reconcile the difference in those two views; is it perhaps what you're seeing in corporate relative to what they may be 
building? 

<A - Paul S. Otellini, President and Chief Executive Officer>: What I'll tell you is our number is what we're 
comfortable with giving publicly. This is the data that we have inside the company, and data from our backlog and 
what our customers are asking us for. So I don't know that any of our customers have yet commented publicly on the 
third quarter. They'll do that when they do their earnings, and no one has announced yet. So I don't know that there's an 
anomaly at this point. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Okay, fair enough. Thanks for that. And then second question really revolves around 
32-nanometer. You make the point that you're accelerating it. Maybe in a sense first of all, obviously I think it's faster 
than your expectations. What do you expect mix of 32-nanometer to be relative to your prior expectations in the second 
half of the year? And then what will the mix be relative to the first half of the year? 

<A - Paul S. Otellini, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It depends on how prior you want to go, right? We 
are building more 32 in the second half than we had planned say six months ago. But we're also building more 45 in the 
second half than we planned six months ago. The net result is that we will have more 45 longer than we first thought, 
even though 32 is going faster and bigger than we first thought. The basic answer here is that the market is bigger than 
we had first been planning on for the year. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Christopher Danely with J.P. Morgan. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: Hey, thanks, guys; a question for Stacy. So Stacy, you told us that inventory would be up 
this quarter. Was it up any more than you originally thought it would be? And what does that mean for your utilization 
rates in the second half of the year? Are they going to stay flat or go up or go down? 

<A - Stacy J. Smith, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: No, inventory is up on the order of what I 
expected in the second quarter. And as we showed at the investor meeting, we're in the range where we're in that sweet 
spot of loadings. The factories are nicely loaded. We're getting a great cost out of them. We have the ability to have a 
bit of upside. As Paul said in his written remarks, the place where we're accelerating a bit here is getting some more 
32-nanometer capacity in place in the second half in anticipation of the demand for Sandy Bridge based on what we're 
hearing from the customers as they get to kick the tires of that product line. So I think we're healthy from a utilization 
standpoint, and I'm comfortable with where we are from an inventory standpoint in the second quarter. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: Great. And if things do end up slowing down in the second half of the year, what would 
the reaction be from you guys? Would you start to hit the brakes or would you just treat it as a temporary anomaly and 
maybe keep the utilization rates flat? 

<A - Stacy J. Smith, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: I think the best way to answer that question is 
to look at what happened when we got hit by the massive downturn of 2009. When that hit the supply chain across the 
industry, we reacted very quickly, much more quickly than we have in prior cycles. We took aggressive action to 
reduce the loading in our factories, to not put inventory in place. And then we took advantage of that to roll forward 
some of the capacity we had on 45 to offset some of the investment that we knew we had to make on 32, which drove a 
great capital efficiency number. So I'd expect – if you get into the case where we get hit with another big recessionary 
scenario like we saw last year, the reaction would be very similar to that. 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Wong with Wells Fargo. 

<Q - David Wong>: Thank you very much. Paul, you mentioned that you were very excited about Sandy Bridge, and 
this was one of the reasons for accelerating 32-nanometer. Does this mean that you're planning to bring out Sandy 
Bridge earlier than scheduled? And when might we expect to see first launches of systems that have Sandy Bridge in 
them? 

<A - Paul S. Otellini, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We'll talk more about the product in a lot of detail at 
IDF in a couple of months. In terms of product granularity, I really don't want to get more granular than we have been, 
which is that we will ship Sandy Bridge for revenue this year, late this year. 

<Q - David Wong>: Great, thanks. And further on the CapEx question, when you have higher CapEx this year, does 
that represent a pull-in from 2011, reducing what might otherwise have been spent in 2011, or is it just extra spending? 

<A - Stacy J. Smith, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, that's the right way to think about it, 
although we haven't put a forecast out for 2011 yet, so you don't know how to do the plus or minus to that. But to just 
piggyback on what Paul said, based on what we're hearing on Sandy Bridge, we're now anticipating a faster ramp of the 
product. So some of the capital that I thought we could spend in the first half of next year, we're going to put in place 
now so that we can ramp the product out of the chute faster than we anticipated. So it should be plus this year and a bit 
of a minus to next year. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - James Covello>: Great, thanks very much for taking the question, guys, and congratulations on the terrific 
results. Paul, you mentioned both in Europe and China some hesitation at the beginning of the quarter, and then things 
returned to more normal levels the end of the quarter. How much of that do you think was normal seasonal trend versus 
macro disruption, and do you see – what kind of seasonal trends on a shorter term basis do you see during in the third 
quarter? 

<A - Paul S. Otellini, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It's hard to tell, Jim. My sense is that – I mean you 
had two different things going. You had three things going on. In Europe, you had the volcano and then the debt crisis. 
And in China mid-quarter you had the change in the housing stance, which dampened down GDP a bit. I think all those 
are being worked through now. I mean to me, if you look through that, through the lens of that smoke, what you see is 
computers are important, independent of the economy cycle. It happened all last year, to the surprise of many, and it's 
happening now. The difference now is that corporations are buying in addition to consumers. Computers are 
fundamental to people's lives nowadays. 

<Q - James Covello>: And then if I – for my follow-up if I can ask relative to the enterprise strength, do you have any 
way of estimating at all how much of that is share gain versus overall market strength? 

<A - Paul S. Otellini, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Not for a week or so, but my sense is it's principally 
the market growing year on year so much faster, and then Intel taking perhaps a slightly larger share, but the bulk of it 
is market growth. Remember, a year ago in servers, it was still pretty dark. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tim Luke with Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Timothy Luke>: Thanks very much. Paul, I was wondering after you had such a strong quarter, with the chipsets 
being lower sequentially while guiding obviously fairly close to normal seasonal going forward, the chipsets in the past 


have been, for the PC area, seen as a leading indicator. Could you just give some commentary with respect to that and 
how you might expect to see that going forward? And after such a big first half, people might have thought you might 
have a slightly less than seasonal second half, but clearly you're saying we don't really expect that. What's your gut on 
that? 

<A - Paul S. Otellini, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We had a very robust Q1 on chipsets. In the second 
quarter, it was very good. I mean our chipset shipments in Q2 always run – not always, normally run ahead of our 
microprocessors because of the cycle for back-to-school. That happened this quarter as well. But even inside that, I 
don't see any cutting back. There are some – each OEM has their own strategy, Tim. Some are accelerating the use of 
ocean because they want to lower costs. Some are accelerating the use of air because they want flexibility. And I think 
that as it all integrates, we don't see a chipset bump in either direction as a leading indicator here at this time. It's just – 
it's mostly normal. 

<Q - Timothy Luke>: As a follow-up then, it seems there's a lot of focus on the inventory with you and you're saying 
it's much lower in the channel. On hand, it's at 86 days, which is at the upper end of the normal range. Last quarter, you 
said part of that was reflected into more 32-nanometer in the inventory bank on hand. Can you just comment on that 
and why it is at this what appears to be the upper end of your normal level, Stacy? Thanks a lot. 

<A - Stacy J. Smith, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. It's normal for us as we go through as 
significant a transition as we're going through on 32-nanometer products to have – to put some inventory in place in 
advance of those ramps, in particular as we look into the demand of the second half. So yes, just to maybe help you a 
little bit in terms of how to think about it, if you go back to mid-2008, which was the last time when we were going 
through the 45-nanometer transition, we had a similar amount of inventory in place. Our business levels at that time, so 
Q2 of 2008, was like 1.3 billion, less than a billion – than our business levels today. So when you look at it that context, 
it says we're still running pretty healthy, appropriate level of inventory given the 32-nanometer transition and the level 
of demand that we're seeing. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Craig Berger with FBR Capital Markets. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Hey, guys. Congratulations on the extremely strong results. I guess my first question is on the 
sustainability of your gross margins. When I talk to people out there, your investors, they say how sustainable are these 
margins, and I know you recently increased your normal range to 55 to 65, and now you're guiding ahead of that. So 
how do we think about the sustainability here? Thanks. 

<A - Stacy J. Smith, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, I think we shared a lot back in May 
about the transformation that we've gone through in our cost structure, our capital efficiency, the improvements we've 
made in some of our memory businesses, our overall cost per unit. That data still is what I stand behind. I think we 
have moved the gross margin range for the company up. We're at a period of time right now because of our specific 
product mix that we're a bit above that. You tend to have a few quarters above. You'll have some that are below. But as 
we look across the rest of this year, we were at 67% in Q2. I'm forecasting 67 for Q3. And frankly, I'd expect to be in 
that range in the fourth quarter as well. When you do that math, that's how you get to 66% for the year. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: The follow-up question is that Europe has been running at about seven – was running at about 7 
billion a year in rev, but downturn it fell to five. It's only going to do about 5 – 5.5 this year. If you run rate it, I mean is 
a macro correction already baked into that European consumption number, in your opinion? Could there actually be 
upside opportunities there? How much risk to forward demand deterioration could we see? 

<A - Stacy J. Smith, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, it's really important. You're not looking 
at consumption there. What you're looking at is our billings. And you've seen a couple of secular shifts in Europe that is 
causing the billings number to decline, which you have to keep separate from the overall consumption market. One is 
the shift to notebooks means that more of the product is being built outside of Europe and imported in, so that's one of 


the big drivers and that's probably the largest. The second is that the multinationals are taking some share against the 
smaller players. And again, that's if they build in many cases outside of Europe and then import the product into 
Europe. So you have to separate that from the strength of the end markets. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark Lipacis with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Mark Lipacis>: Thanks for taking my question. First question, correct me if I'm wrong. My understanding is that 
historically when you guys went through a process node transition, you'd build inventory of older products and then 
switched over. And that often translated into risk and maybe some inventory write-downs. And this time it seems like 
you're actually building inventories of the newer products. So I guess my question is, was my recollection of history 
wrong, or is there something different with your business process that's enabled you to do this? 

<A - Stacy J. Smith, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: No, you're not wrong, but there's two shoes to 
this story. So the first is, we do try to build a little bit of inventory on the older products in advance of the process 
technology ramp. And then based on how fast we're now ramping the new products and across a very wide range of 
different price points and different products within a product family, we also try to get some inventory in place on the 
new stuff. So we do both. 

<Q - Mark Lipacis>: Okay, fair enough. The follow-up is if I look over time on the microprocessor ASP, the erosion, 
you guys followed something like a 6% annual ASP erosion. The one time you bucked that trend I think was when you 
introduced Centrino where you could argue you're delivering more functionality, so you could take the price up. Are 
you guys of the opinion that you take yourself off that 6% annual ASP erosion? Are your products coming out with 
accelerated functionality via power – better power or some – or processing capabilities that can take you off that 6% 
ASP erosion? Thanks. 

<A - Paul S. Otellini, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, you're right. It really is all about mix at the end 
of the day. And to some extent, Centrino was about up mixing to mobile in the early days. What you're seeing now, 
we're very, very happy with the launch ramp and product acceptance in the market of the Core i3/5/7 Series that 
launched in January. That has become the mainstream of desktops and notebooks now. And that brand momentum is 
really part of the lift you see in terms of selling up from Pentium or Celeron. 

I think that as we move into the second half and into next year, it's the same kind of thing. We will continue to use 
technology, feature driven technology, to put platform ingredients together that we think will command a premium. 
And when that happens, it's good for Intel, and it's good for our customers, and ultimately good for the buyers of the 
technology. 

<A - Stacy J. Smith, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: If I may just add, as we've shown you several 
times, it becomes really important to start looking at ASP and margin per segment of the business. And what we're 
seeing right now is that in the high end segment of the business, we're doing really well. We're getting paid for those 
features. 

I think if you think about our business over a long period of time, what you're seeing is that emerging markets have 
grown more quickly than the rest of the business. The consumer market has grown to be a very large percentage of our 
business. And so over time, there's that mix effect that does bring pricing down. And so the key for us is to be able to 
bifurcate our cost structure so that in each of those segments of the business can deliver a very compelling product 
margin. And I think you're really seeing that play out right now in our business. We've got strong features at the high 
end. And we've got a great cost structure for emerging markets and for the less feature driven consumer segment of the 
market, and that all helps us achieve a 67% gross margin in the second quarter. 

Operator 


Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Sanford Bernstein. 

<Q - Stacy Rasgon>: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. If I take a look at gross margin guidance for Q3, it 
looked to be mostly on higher revenues, which was offset by more of your inventory write-offs from Sandy Bridge. 
Just given what you've said about what looks to be hopefully a building enterprise recovery into the second half, would 
it be out of line to maybe even see the potential for some further mix related upside to gross margins in the back half? It 
doesn't look like you're guiding to anything like that. 

<A - Stacy J. Smith, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, let me just walk you through the Q3 
gross margin, and I'll also give you a little color commentary on Q4 so you can get a sense of what I'm looking for that. 
As you said, as we go from Q2 to Q3, based on the midpoint of the revenue guidance that we just set, we'd expect about 
half a point of gross margin good news associated with higher platform revenue. That's offset by about a point of 
inventory write-offs for the Sandy Bridge product that's being built prior to qualification for sale. That's normal what 
we see on these product transitions. And there's another half a point of relatively small items. And just in an 
environment where our factories are running pretty full, where demand looks good and we don't have a lot of reserves 
and those kinds of things, you tend to see a lot of small things that would give me another half a point of gross margin 
in my forecast, and that's what keeps me flat at 67%. 

Could it be higher? Sure, it would be foolish to say it couldn't based on the miss that we had in Q2. But based on 
everything we know and the fact that Q3 tends be a seasonally stronger consumer quarter, I think we're in the right 
space. We'd have to have a pretty significant revenue miss based on ASP for the gross margin to be higher. And 
likewise if the markets fall apart on us, it could be a little but lower, but this is our best information at this time. 

<Q - Stacy Rasgon>: Got it, that's helpful. Go ahead, I'm sorry. 

<A - Stacy J. Smith, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: I was going to take you through Q4, if you 
want. 

<Q - Stacy Rasgon>: Yes, please. Please do. 

<A - Stacy J. Smith, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: Okay, so I'll just do the traditional puts and 
takes as I go into Q4. Again, I'd expect it to be a seasonally higher revenue quarter, so that's going to give me a little bit 
of a tailwind to gross margin. Assuming the qualification goes well for Sandy Bridge, which our history says is likely, 
we'll have some write-off good news in Q4 because we'll be selling some of that material because it has been qualified 
for sale. And then I have a bit of an offset to that based on an increase in unit cost. 

I'll take you back to what I showed in May at the Investor meeting. If you recall, I showed a unit cost graph by quarter, 
and it showed a little bit of an uptick in Q4 and then more of an uptick in Q1 and Q2 due to the next big 32-nanometer 
factory coming online. It's a very large factory with a high wafer capacity. The first wafers to come out of that factory 
are pretty expensive, so that gives me a bit of mix up in cost. That's normal if you look at our history. Every two years 
we see that. As we're pulling in 32-nanometer, I'm now expecting that cost impact to be a little more in Q4 and 
probably a bit less in Q1 and Q2, so that gives me a bit of a tailwind to gross margin. When I net all that out, I think I'm 
in the same range as I was in Q2 actuals and my projection for Q3. I think I'm still in that basic range. 

<Q - Stacy Rasgon>: That's helpful. Thank you very much. 

<A - Stacy J. Smith, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. 

<Q - Stacy Rasgon>: For my follow-up, I think to follow on that into 2011, just if you could give us a little more color 
on the 22-nanometer startup cost. To my recollection, I believe those start to hit in the first half of 2011. Number one, is 
that correct? Secondly, can you give us some feeling for I guess the amount of magnitude or basis points of margin 
impact that could have over maybe the first half of 2011? 

<A - Stacy J. Smith, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. Actually, as opposed to taking time on 
the call, what I'll do is if you go back to the Investor meeting materials, that still is my prediction of the shape of startup 
costs. And we actually broke it out by quarter for you, so you can get a sense of our best guess. It hasn't changed. And 


you're right. At a basic level I'd expect it to start kicking in and accelerating in the first half of next year. It will peak in 
Q2, and then it comes down from there. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Doug Freedman with Gleacher & Co. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Great, thanks so much for take my question, guys, and congrats again. Can you talk a little bit 
about what the uptick in server might mean in the enterprise market? And if you've seen in the past history when server 
strength was so strong, is there a follow through where the client will – the enterprise will start spending more on 
clients later? 

<A - Paul S. Otellini, President and Chief Executive Officer>: You're right. That has been the pattern in the past. It 
was the big enterprise apps, and that drove a server upgrade and that drove ultimately a client upgrade. I don't think it 
normally works that way or broadly works that way anymore, Doug. My sense is now so many of the apps in enterprise 
are web-based that once you put infrastructure in, that's not what drives it. What drives it is the new operating system 
environment on the client that will drive an upgrade, a new class of applications where people are putting in some of 
the cloud based apps inside the enterprise. 

And a new phenomenon that wasn't really true in the last couple of rounds of these things, which is the return on 
investment thesis around the energy and space savings; that is really new. So I guess in the aggregate, I don't see that 
pattern being – it probably exists but it's probably not the driver. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: All right, great. And if I could go back a little bit to the flexibility in the business model, I 
know there have been a few questions on this topic. But Stacy, can you focus in on – I mean with these numbers that 
you're putting up, is it safe to assume that your profit sharing plan is going be at a record high level and that as growth 
slows into the next year that that comes down to a more nominal level? 

<A - Stacy J. Smith, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: It will seem anemic to those of you that work 
in the financial services industry. But yes, if you look at the spending increase that we've now put out for the year, the 
largest single component of that is revenue and profit dependent. It says that our view of the year has just improved 
quarter by quarter. It's more than half of the annual increase and is really driving that spending increase from what we 
thought. 

<A - Paul S. Otellini, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And it applies to all employees. It's management 
driven instead of dollars. 

<A - Stacy J. Smith, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: Right. Every employee participates in the 
plan, and it's solely based on our earnings performance. And so as our view of the year improves, our earnings 
performance plus the metrics that we have, but as our view of the year improves, then it pulls a few more dollars 
through. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sumit Dhanda of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Sumit Dhanda>: Yes. Hi, a couple of questions. Stacy, the ASPs again benefiting you in the second quarter; 
you're clearly not expecting a benefit in the second half of the year. But is there the potential that you continue to see a 
tailwind as there's more maturation into the transition to the Core based platforms, or is most of that benefit now 
reflected in your mix of processors? 

<A - Stacy J. Smith, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, so I'd be foolish to say there's no 
possibility given how my view of the year has changed just over the last two quarters. I think when we started the year, 
we were at 61%. We're at 67%. That's just a phenomenal gross margin for us. That's an all-time record. It says that 


we're doing a lot of things right from a cost standpoint and the market is participating along with us. 

Could we be a little better, then it's going to be under-calling it? I could, but my prediction is that ASP is not a big 
driver one way or the other as we go into the third quarter. So you should take from that I'm not anticipating a big 
movement up or down. And Q3 does tend to be seasonally stronger in the consumer segment of the business, and so 
you can do the math on that. 

<Q - Sumit Dhanda>: Okay, but I guess the question specifically was that how far along are you in terms of the 
benefit from the transition to the Core platform because that seems to have surprised you consistently over the last two 
or three quarters? 

<A - Stacy J. Smith, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: Are you asking where are we in 32-nanometer 
in terms of bringing out the different products? 

<Q - Sumit Dhanda>: Exactly. 

<A - Stacy J. Smith, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: I'll probably kick that one over to Paul. 

<A - Paul S. Otellini, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It's still pretty much in the Core family. We are 
shipping some Pentiums on 32-nanometers now. Most of the server products are on 32. But we won't take it down into 
the Pentium and Celeron until either late this year or early next year. And of course, the Atom products are all on 32. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alex Gauna with JMP Securities. 

<Q - Alex Gauna>: First off, congratulations. You just crushed it, nice job. I wondered if I could start by asking if you 
could characterize maybe how far into the Core-i upgrade cycle are you. And you just touched on 32-nanometer and 
where it's going, but how far into the conversion process are we from your perspective? 

<A - Paul S. Otellini, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I'm sorry, the conversion of our old Core to our new 
Core? 

<Q - Alex Gauna>: In terms of driving sales right now, are we benefiting from the mix being less than 50%, getting 
towards 50%? 

<A - Paul S. Otellini, President and Chief Executive Officer>: The premium part of our product line, the old Core 
products, Core Duo and those kinds of things, and now the Core i3/5/7, is not the majority of our units. If it was, we'd 
have margins in excess what Stacy has been talking about. So they tend to – I won't give you the exact number, but it 
tends to be slightly less than 50%. And then we fill in the mix with other products in terms of price points from Atom 
to Celeron to Pentium. 

It's not so much a – of course we satisfy all the available demand from the top. You can actually do that. We believe 
we're satisfying demand. We are seeing a mix up, which is based upon the goodness of the products and the feature 
sets. That's what we talked about last quarter and is part of the news this quarter. We anticipate a similar embracing of 
Sandy Bridge when that product comes out to keep that mix fairly rich. 

<Q - Alex Gauna>: Okay. And you touched upon emerging markets, your ability to serve I believe lower price points 
in emerging markets. And I was wondering if you can talk about maybe the appetite or the ability for you to upsell in 
some of those markets? 

<A - Paul S. Otellini, President and Chief Executive Officer>: There's no monolithic market. If you look at China, 
in the Tier 1 and to some extent now the Tier 2 cities, the markets there are as sophisticated in mix and purchasing 
knowledge as you get in the United States or Western Europe or even Japan. And it's when you get out into the places 
where the incomes are more constrained in Tier, 3, 4, 5, 6 cities in China that you start seeing that phenomena. And 
what we've done there is we worked with our customers and with the distributor channel to produce product. We've 


done versions of Atom-based motherboards where the Atom chip is soldered onto the motherboard, so it becomes a 
very affordable unit of computing that meets those price points. Really there is not a China market per se. The China 
market if I looked at the east coast cities is probably a richer mix than we sell in Manhattan. 

<A - R. Kevin Sellers, Vice President, Finance; Director, Investor Relations>: Hey, Chastity, we're going to take 
two more questions if we could. 

Operator 

Certainly, sir. Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Cassidy with Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Kevin Cassidy>: Thanks for taking my question. I guess along those lines of the Atom chips, you had mentioned 
netbooks you think will ship about 40 million this year. And I'm wondering what is your percentage outside of the 
netbooks for Atom. You had mentioned Google TV. When do you think that will become a significant portion of the 
Atom revenue? 

<A - Paul S. Otellini, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think the non-netbook Atoms start moving the 
needle next year. There will be products out this year both in tablets and handsets and Google TV kinds of products, 
consumer electronics kind of products. The embedded – actually our growth in embedded Atom was significant this 
quarter, but it was still a fairly small number as embedded designs take two years to get designed in and then they run 
for three or four years. So all these things start coming to – flesh out that family in terms of revenue I think in higher 
volume next year. 

<Q - Kevin Cassidy>: Okay, thanks, and maybe just one other completely different topic. IM Flash, any decisions 
there on the CapEx spending? 

<A - Stacy J. Smith, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer>: No, as we've articulated before on the call, 
we're doing a couple of things. One is we're continuing to drive the financial performance of the business. I think they 
executed great in the second quarter. We have processing knowledge, leadership. We've got a great cost structure. The 
market seems pretty benign right now, so all those things are helpful. We're making a little money in the business as 
opposed to losing money. That's nice. 

And then we're taking a cautious view to the capacity addition. We're going to have to make the decision on our 
participation in Singapore sometime this year. We haven't made it yet, and we continue to analyze it and look at it fairly 
cautiously. 

<Q - Kevin Cassidy>: Okay. Thank you, congratulations. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Daniel Berenbaum with Auriga USA. 

<Q - Daniel Berenbaum>: Yes, hi, guys. Thanks for sneaking me in there. Just to follow up a little bit on mix, it looks 
right now Data Center is about 20% of sales. Do you think that as the server cycle plays out and as Nehalem continues 
penetration there, do you have a target you think that Data Center could go to 25% of sales, or do you have some mix 
number in mind? 

<A - Paul S. Otellini, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I have a mix number in mind. I'm not prepared 
to share it. To some extent, we don't look at it that way. I know you guys do because that's the easiest way to drive the 
math. But we look at it as what is the rate of growth of Internet traffic, what is the rate of growth of replacements, and 
try to maximize that server number for the obvious reasons. And what that is as a percent of the client revenue is really 
not something – as the earlier question came to me earlier. It's not something that really is relevant anymore. I think 
they're independent decisions. 


<Q - Daniel Berenbaum>: Well, then let me maybe rephrase that. What do you think the growth rate of the Data 
Center is over the say next year, year and a half, versus client? 

<A - Paul S. Otellini, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I'm comfortable saying I think we're strong double 
digits, and I don't think I want to go more granular than that. I gave you one really interesting fact in my commentary, 
170% year-on-year growth in Internet Data Center Xeons, right? Those are the ones that go into the Googles, 
Facebooks, Amazons, MSN, those kinds of things. That stuff is growing like a hose. And as people do more picture 
serving and more video serving, that's going to continue to grow. So to some extent, you've got that triple-digit growth 
in the Internet Data Centers, and then you have to model out the ROI for corporations doing the upgrade versus 
capacity needs. 

R. Kevin Sellers, Vice President, Finance; Director, Investor Relations 
Okay, thank you all for joining our call today. As a reminder, our quiet period for the third quarter will begin at the 
close of business on Friday, August 27. And our third quarter earnings conference call is scheduled for Tuesday, 
October 12, 2010. Thank you and good night. 

Operator 

Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. 
Have a great day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


