Q1 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Matt Rhodes, Investor Relations 
• Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• R. Neil Williams, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Scott Cook 
• Jerry Natoli 
Other Participants 

• Adam Holt 
• Brad Sills 
• Peter Goldmacher 
• Nick Setyan 
• Jim MacDonald 
• Heather Bellini 
• Sara Friar 
• Bryan Keane 
• Sterling Auty 
• Ross MacMillan 
• Michael Millman 
• Scott Schneeberger 
• Brendan Barnicle 
• Justin Furby 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon. My name is Patty, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the Intuit First Quarter Fiscal 2011 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any 
background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question and answer period. [Operator Instructions] 

With that, I'll now turn the call over to Matt Rhodes, Intuit's Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Rhodes? 

Matt Rhodes, Investor Relations 

Thanks, Patty. Good afternoon and welcome to Intuit's First Quarter 2011 Conference Call. I'm here with Brad Smith, 
our President and CEO; Neil Williams, our CFO; Scott Cook, our Founder; and Jerry Natoli, our VP of Finance. 

Before we get started, I'd like to remind everyone that our remarks will include forward-looking statements. There are a 
number of factors that can cause Intuit's results to differ materially from our expectations. You can learn more about 
these risks in the press release we issued earlier this afternoon, our Form 10-K for fiscal 2010, and our other SEC 
filings. All of those documents are available on the Investor Relations page of Intuit's website at intuit.com. We assume 
no obligation to update any forward-looking statement. 


Some of the numbers in this report are presented on a non-GAAP basis. We've reconciled the comparable GAAP to 
non-GAAP numbers in today's press release. A copy of our prepared remarks and supplemental financial information 
will be available on our website after this call ends. 

With that, I'll turn the call over Brad Smith. 

Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Matt. And thanks to all of you for joining us this afternoon. As you can see from the results we just 
released, we're off to a good start this fiscal 2011. Our biggest quarters still lie ahead of us, and the macroeconomic 
environment remains challenging, but we're executing well against our Connected Services strategy, and that's driving 
solid financial performance. 

First quarter revenue was $532 million, up 12% versus last year. Most of the growth came from our Small Business 
Group, which has now posted three straight quarters of double-digit revenue growth. We also had strong performance 
in our Other Businesses segment, with contributions from Quicken and Mint, Intuit Health, and Small Business in 
Canada and the UK. 

Our first quarter results are in line with what we anticipated, so we're reaffirming our guidance for the year. That means 
we still expect fiscal year revenue growth of 8% to 11%, non-GAAP operating income growth of 11% to 14%, and 
non-GAAP earnings per share growth of 12% to 15%. As you know, our earnings are highly seasonal, and we typically 
report a loss in the first quarter of the year. Our first quarter loss was in line with our expectations and slightly higher 
than prior year, primarily due to the acquisitions of Medfusion and Mint. We're also pulling marketing investments 
forward into the first half relative to fiscal 2010, which will have an impact on our second quarter profitability as well. 

These results reflect our continued focus on our three-point strategy: to first drive growth in our core businesses, 
second, build adjacent businesses and enter new geographies, and third, to accelerate Intuit's transition to Connected 
Services. 

Here are some highlights that demonstrate how we're performing in each area. First behind driving growth in our core 
businesses. We generated double-digit revenue growth in the Small Business Group in Q1, led by a strong quarter in 
Financial Management Solutions, which grew 15%, as well as Employee Management Solutions, which posted 11% 
growth year over year. The collective Small Business franchise is doing well, and we've introduced several compelling 
new offerings into the market this year. These include QuickBooks 2011, three new tiers of service and pricing for our 
QuickBooks Online offering, and several mobile applications and services. Just one of these is GoPayment, a solution 
that seamlessly integrates with QuickBooks and helps small businesses process credit card payments on the go using a 
mobile phone. 

Early reviews of QuickBooks 2011 have been very positive. We've seen strong recommendations, including those 
generated by the accountants that we rely on to grow the business. And while it's still very early, we're also excited 
about the new QuickBooks desktop subscription bundle that is designed to keep customers on the current version of the 
software. This subscription bundle enables us to deliver new value to the desktop customers while also increasing the 
predictable and stable revenue streams in our small business franchise. As you can tell, this year's QuickBooks release 
is far more than desktop software, and we believe that ongoing transformation will make Financial Management 
Solutions a strong growth business for years to come. 

Shifting to our tax business. We've been talking for some time about the secular shifts in the market that are driving the 
software and online category to grow faster than other tax preparation methods. A proposed acquisition by one of our 
competitors has validated the importance of this secular shift and reinforced the strength of tax software as a value 
proposition versus tax stores and manual preparation. We're going to continue to take advantage of the ongoing shift to 
digital tax preparation. This is the sweet spot in the market, and quite frankly it's our home-field advantage. 

The second part of our strategy is building adjacent businesses and entering into new geographies. As you know, these 
are longer-term opportunities that we expect to add 1 to 2 points of growth over the next three years. It's still early, but 


we're also making progress against this second core strategy. For example, the integration of Medfusion continues in 
full swing. We now have more than 3 million patients on the Intuit Health Portal, and we've added more than 1 million 
patients since January alone. 

Our global efforts also remain on track. We had a good quarter in the UK and Canada, and we're working with Nokia to 
deliver a small-business marketing product that we've been testing in India. And as you know, we are in the very early 
stages of launching the Intuit Payment Network. The network is available now in QuickBooks 2011, and we expect 
adoption to ramp up over time. 

The third part of our strategy is accelerating our transition to Connected Services, and we're continuing to build 
momentum in this area as well. As we've shared, we currently generate about 60% of the revenue from Connected 
Services, and our goal is to increase the mix to 75% of our revenue over the next three to five years. We've factored the 
necessary investments that we need to accelerate our Connected Services strategy into our results, as well as our 
guidance, and our financial performance already reflects these investments. 

Some proof points that demonstrate the momentum we're building in this strategic area include our QuickBooks Online 
subscribers growing 46% year over year in the first quarter. This was the fourth straight quarter of acceleration in 
year-over-year growth. Intuit Website subscribers and revenue were both up over 60% in the quarter. And we're 
working with a hardware partner, Mophie, to offer customers a complete credit card solution. This is a best-in-class 
product that enables small businesses to easily process credit card payments using their Apple iPhone. 

Clearly, our strategy is working. We're proud of what we've accomplished so far in fiscal 2011. And we expect to 
deliver another strong year for our shareholders. 

Now I'd like to turn it over to Neil to talk about the financial highlights and our guidance in further detail. 

R. Neil Williams, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Thanks, Brad. 

Let's start with overall company results. Our financial results included revenue of $532 million, up 12%, a non-GAAP 
operating loss of $53 million, and a GAAP operating loss of $104 million, a non-GAAP net loss of $0.12 per share, and 
a GAAP net loss of $0.22 per share. The operating loss and loss per share are slightly higher than we had last year. 
Expenses grew faster than revenue, primarily driven by the acquisitions of Mint.com and Medfusion and increased 
sales and marketing as we pulled advertising spend forward, as expected. We expect sales and marketing expense to 
grow a bit slower than revenue for the full year. 

Turning to the business segments, total Small Business revenue grew 12% for the quarter. In Financial Management 
Solutions, revenue grew 15% for the quarter, driven by a favorable product mix and strong revenue performance across 
the board. We saw excellent customer growth in QuickBooks Online and QuickBooks Enterprise, as well as Intuit 
Websites. Recurring revenue from these businesses now makes up more than one-third of this segment and drove FMS 
growth in the quarter. This recurring revenue is one of the main reasons that segment revenue is growing faster than 
QuickBooks units. In fact, QuickBooks units decreased year over year as we grew over the heavy discounting that 
occurred in the first quarter of last fiscal year. 

We break out the growth in the QuickBooks Online and QuickBooks Enterprise customer bases on our fact sheet in 
addition to the QuickBooks unit figures. This will help you understand the growing impact that Financial Management 
revenue sources beyond QuickBooks desktop have on the overall segment. 

Employee Management Solutions revenue grew 11% in the first quarter, led by growth in Online Payroll subscribers. 
Total payroll customers were flat versus last year, in line with our expectations. 

Payment Solutions revenue grew 7% in the first quarter-with merchants up 15% and volume per merchant down 3%. 
We've seen good adoption of our GoPayment mobile payment solutions, and we've remained confident that the 
payments business is a double-digit growth opportunity longer term as the economy improves. 


Our Consumer Tax group revenue totaled $29 million in the first quarter, up $7 million from last year. This increase 
occurred because more people took advantage of the filing extensions and completed their tax returns by the October 
15th filing deadline. 

TurboTax for 2010 will go on sale in retail stores on November 26, and the season begins in earnest in January. We 
will provide tax season updates this year in the same timeframe as last year, with the first update in February when we 
announce second quarter results. The second update will be in mid-March, and the final update will come in mid-April. 
We continue to make TurboTax the easiest way for taxpayers to get the maximum possible refund. And as we 
discussed in Investor Day, our priorities are to deliver the customer benefit, create a better first-use experience to drive 
conversion and retention, and improve average revenue per customer. We have a great product lineup supported by 
aggressive marketing efforts, and we look forward to another strong tax season. 

Accounting Professionals segment revenue grew 15% in the first quarter, and we remain focused on improving 
accountings productivity and growth with our tax and accounting flagship products and new SaaS-based offerings. 

Financial Services revenue grew 1% in the first quarter. Adjusted for sale of the lending business in the fourth quarter 
of FY10 and a nonrecurring revenue item that impacted FY10, core revenue growth would have been approximately 
6% year over year. User growth was strong for the quarter. Internet banking users increased by 11%, and bill pay users 
by 19% versus Q1 last year. 

As we look out to the balance of FY11, we expect continued strong user growth from adoption and from signing new 
financial institutions. This is the primary way we offset the natural price compression in this business. We also expect 
to achieve additional revenue growth from increased sales of attached services like FinanceWorks, mobile, and 
imaging. We remain focused on transforming the online banking experience for our bank's customers and are on track 
to hit the revenue guidance we set for the fiscal year. 

Our Other Businesses segment posted 27% revenue growth in Q1. Canada, the UK, and personal finance performed 
ahead of expectations. 

Quicken 2011 is off to a really strong start, with great customer-driven product improvements. The combined Mint and 
Quicken team has delivered a revitalized best-in-class desktop product, as evidenced by external user ratings so far. 

Turning to the balance sheet, we continue to generate strong cash flows, in line with our operating income, and 
maintain a strong balance sheet. Sound financial principles support our strategy and objectives, enabling disciplined 
and thoughtful investment for growth. Over the long term, we expect double-digit organic revenue growth, and we 
expect to grow expenses slower than revenue. Our target is to carry $500 million to $1 billion of cash on our balance 
sheet net of total debt. This cash balance could vary up or down during the year depending on seasonality and expected 
cash flow needs. 

We always seek to deploy the cash we generate to the highest-yield opportunities, and we target risk-adjusted returns of 
15% to 20%. We evaluate the investment opportunities within our capital allocation framework. We first look 
internally for growth investments, which would include R&D, marketing, and infrastructure. We then consider strategic 
acquisitions and partnerships. Beyond that, we'll return cash to shareholders, typically in the form of a share 
repurchase. We repurchased $330 million worth of stock in the first quarter, and over the past five years, we've 
repurchased $3.3 billion worth of shares at an average price of $29 per share. We have 1.67 billion remaining on our 
current share repurchase authorization. 

As Brad mentioned, we are reiterating our full-year guidance. For fiscal year 2011, we expect revenue growth of 8% to 
11%, GAAP operating income growth of 14% to 18%, GAAP diluted EPS growth of 6% to 10%. Note that the GAAP 
EPS growth rates are 7 points higher when the gain from the sale of our discontinued operations is excluded from the 
FY10 GAAP results. Non-GAAP operating income growth of 11% to 14%, and non-GAAP diluted EPS growth of 12% 
to 15%. 

While our full-year guidance is unchanged, you'll see movement in how our results play out by quarter. As Brad 
mentioned, we've accelerated our marketing spend into the second quarter to get off to a fast start in our core 


businesses. You will also see us get closer to breakeven in the fourth quarter, driven by growth in recurring revenue 
from Connected Services. For the second quarter, we expect revenue of $920 million to $940 million, or growth of 10% 
to 12%; GAAP operating income of 135 million to 150 million, compared with 139 million in the year-ago quarter; 
GAAP diluted EPS of $0.24 to $0.28, compared with $0.35 in the year-ago quarter. GAAP diluted EPS in the year-ago 
quarter included $0.10 of the gain on the sale of our Intuit Real Estate Solutions business. Non-GAAP operating 
income of 190 million to 210 million compared with 206 million in the year-ago quarter; and non-GAAP diluted EPS 
of $0.36 to $0.40, compared with $0.38 in the year-ago quarter. 

With that, I'll turn the call back to Brad. 

Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer 

All right. Thanks, Neil. So we're off to a good start. We're on track to deliver strong revenue and earnings growth for 
fiscal 2011. We're executing against a strategic plan that rewards our shareholders and generates the cash that we need 
to make our core products better while also making the investment aggressively into new opportunities and the 
infrastructure required to deliver our Connected Services strategy. 

And while we're not immune to the ongoing economic challenges, we've demonstrated that we can be resilient if we 
remain focused and continue to deliver great value for our customers. We remain committed to growing and delighting 
our 50 million customers and looking for new ways to improve their financial lives. We also continue to benefit from 
the long-term, ongoing shift away from bricks-and-mortar, paper-and-pencil solutions, towards more intuitive digital 
products that save customers time and money and helps in growth. 

Bottom line, we believe we can continue to grow revenue double-digits and earnings and cash flow even faster than 
revenue. We see lots of headroom in these large and growing markets that we serve. And as we like to say, it is all 
about execution from here. We're looking forward to a good year in all of our businesses, and I want to take a moment 
to thank all our employees in advance for their ongoing dedication and hard work. 

And with that, Patty, I'd like to turn in over to you to open it up for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Adam Holt of Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Adam Holt>: Great, thank you. Two questions about the QuickBooks business. The first, if you look at the 
difficult comp on a year-on-year basis on the units, obviously you had a tough comp versus last year, but the unit 
number is still sort of below where you were a couple of years ago. Is there any reason outside of just a tough comp 
that that number might start to be trailing off a little bit? And then secondly, on the pricing side, obviously you had a 
good pricing quarter. Was that primarily just getting rid of the discounts, or did you see any benefit from some of the 
price actions that you've taken? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Great. Thanks for the question, Adam. It's Brad. Let me 
start first with the QuickBooks units. First and foremost, I think that the biggest contributor that you see is growing 
over the deep discount. Last year we've mentioned in the first half, we got aggressive with discounting. We learned 
after the fact we didn't to have go as deep to still drive the kinds of results we wanted. And so, we're growing over 
some net to zeros and some really deep discounts in retail. 

The other thing you'll notice is we've shifted from having a Simple Start version in retail as well as a free Simple Start 
version in desktop to more of an online focus. And so you're going to see the mix of units starting to shift more to these 
Connected Services and our Financial Management Solutions business. 


And the last thing I would say is it really comes down to having a compelling offering. And this year is one of the best 
products we've put out in QuickBooks in years. We've got really good early reviews from users on Amazon. We've got 
really good accountant recommendations happening in the market. And I'm confident that you're going to see the 
long-term growth prospects of this business continue to improve. So that's the headline on the units. 

On the pricing, it's really a combination of a few things. First and foremost, it's favorable mix. You see customers 
selecting our online edition, our QuickBooks Enterprise product. And remember, we also have our Intuit Websites as a 
part of this business unit. And all of those carry a higher annual selling price than buying a version of QuickBooks 
desktop. So that's helping with the overall pricing. 

The second thing that you see happening is we're doing a better job of helping customers find which product is right for 
them. So you're starting to see them buy the versions of Premier and Enterprise. 

And then the last thing I would say is our QuickBooks Pro pricing – it's the one SKU we took a price increase on this 
year from 199 to 229 – so far is holding in the market. So it's a combination of mix, getting the right product in 
customers' hands, and ultimately having a price increase on our QuickBooks Pro product that so far is sticking, that has 
helped with the pricing in the Financial Management Solutions business. 

<Q - Adam Holt>: If I could just ask a quick follow-up on that online transition, it looks like you actually saw an 
acceleration in the online business this quarter in the QuickBooks Online business. Do you think the growth rate we 
saw in first quarter is sustainable, or was there anything anomalous about what we saw there? Thank you. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Adam, you're welcome. We've seen four 
consecutive quarters of accelerating growth in QuickBooks Online. While it's hard to suggest that four quarters are 
going to be predictive over the next however many years, we do see an ongoing shift to digital for these customers, and 
we like the product. The product continues to get better and stronger. And so, yes, I think you're going to continue to 
see strong growth in QuickBooks Online for the foreseeable future. 

<Q - Adam Holt>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Brad Sills of Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Brad Sills>: Hey, guys, just a question on Quicken and Mint. You mentioned strength coming from those 
businesses. Can you just provide a little bit more color? Is it – do you think you have the right features in the 2011 
release for Quicken? And on Mint, is it monetization that you're seeing strength there? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, hi, Brad. The answer is yes to both points. We 
have a much better version of Quicken this year in the market. The Mint team brought the magic of how to make a 
simpler UI a part of the Quicken product. Of course the Quicken product has more full features than Mint. And we've 
had better execution in retail. So all those combined have helped drive a very strong early season for Quicken 2011. 
And we're excited about the roadmap for Quicken as we look out over the next several years. 

Mint continues to be on a tear. We're adding subscribers at a rapid rate. The team is adding new monetization models to 
monetize these customers. And of course we're also looking at other ways to expand the growth of Mint, looking into 
other countries, as well as taking their Ways to Save engine and apply those to other products inside of Intuit. 

So it's just having the right combination of products in the market, good leadership team, and a thoughtful strategy 
that's driving the growth in Quicken and Mint. 

<Q - Brad Sills>: Got it. Thanks. And then one more if I may, just on the expenses and marketing that you're pulling 
into the first half of year with breakeven expectation and Q4 being better. Can you just explain a little bit more on 


where that's coming from and why the decision to accelerate it this year? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, sure can. We've been talking about for some time 
that we look to play whistle to whistle. Our season starts early, and we want to be out there, and we're not going to give 
up an inch in the early part of the season. This applies particularly to our Small Business franchise, as well as our tax 
franchise. And so we had planned this entire year to have advertising come out of the gates early in Q2. 

Obviously, as you know, we didn't provide Q2 guidance. We provide full-year guidance, and then one quarter at a time. 
So some of the assumptions that may be out there in the market were different than what we had planned. But this is 
pretty much playing out the way we thought. We wanted to make sure in tax that we began advertising aggressive and 
early. We also wanted to make sure in Small Business that we were advertising and making sure we had good 
marketing programs in the market. And I don't know if you've seen any of the ads that are coming out right now, but 
you're pretty much – it's hard to flip a channel and not see a Small Business ad somewhere on TV at this point. 

<Q - Brad Sills>: Got it. Okay. Thanks, guys. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Peter Goldmacher of Cowen and Company. 

<Q - Peter Goldmacher>: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Hey, Brad, just following up on that marketing 
investment theme, can you talk a little bit about how you're going to spend those marketing dollars? I've seen the TV 
ads on websites. I actually can't watch a channel where I don't see them. What are some of the other methods you're 
going to be using to – how you'll be spending those marketing dollars? A big part of the selling additional products into 
your install base was from sort of usability and getting people to naturally buy another product from within the product. 
So is that going to be an area of investment for you guys? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. Thank you, Peter. Let me first start by saying that 
the way we grow our franchise is by building compelling products that are so easy to use that customers tell friends and 
family to use it. That's still 80% of our sales. So we've put a lot of that energy into the products we've put into the 
market this year, and we're excited to see very positive user reviews and accountant recommendations on the products 
across the line. That really is going to drive the core of our business. 

But the other thing that we have to do in addition to that is to make sure that if you're in the product and you want to 
find an additional solution, we make in-product discovery easy. We've already built that into the product as well, and 
we'll continue to make enhancements throughout the year. 

Then we have overlay programs. Whether it's online marketing through search engine marketing and search engine 
optimization, or it is TV, radio, and print, which are programs that you're currently referencing and I mentioned a few 
minutes ago that you can see on some of the major channels. And so really it's a combination of those things that drive 
our marketing programs in the market. 

We've already put the product in the market. We think they're compelling. We're seeing good recommendations and 
referrals. And now this sales and marketing expense you see is more of the overlay program. That's our web marketing, 
as well as our radio, our TV, and our print ads. 

<Q - Peter Goldmacher>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: All right, thank you, Peter. 

Operator 


Our next question comes from Gil Luria of Wedbush Securities. 

<Q - Nick Setyan>: Hi, this is actually Nick Setyan for Gil. What kind of early traction are you seeing with the Intuit 
Payment Network that is available on QuickBooks 2011? And is it also available on Intuit online? Thanks. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, thanks, Nick. It's still very early days. We've got 
some leading indicators that let us know if the conversion rates, the click-throughs, and the usage are looking positive, 
and the answer is yes they are. In terms of having material revenue or an impact, we're going to have to continue to 
look at how the results happen in the market and refine our value prop, but so far we like what we see. But I wouldn't 
look for anything that is material for some time. We're going to have to continue to play this out in the market. 

The second part of your question is, today it is not available in the QuickBooks Online edition, but we do have that as a 
part of our ongoing roadmap if we continue to see success in the desktop product. 

<Q - Nick Setyan>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Jim MacDonald of First Analysis Corp. 

<Q - Jim MacDonald>: Yeah, thanks, guys. Two questions. First, going back on QuickBooks, your retail share went 
down a little bit. Maybe you could comment on that. And then secondly, for the employee service business, could you 
discuss a little more how you were able to grow revenue so much faster than units there and how that's playing out? 
Thanks. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, hi, Jim. Yeah, so on the first piece on retail share, 
it's a combination of two things. First and foremost, as we mentioned earlier, we're growing over some pretty 
aggressive in-store discounting and promotions we had last year. And so comparing ourselves to ourselves, that's one of 
the things we're growing over. 

The second, quite honestly, is we've got a competitor out there who's borrowing our last-year playbook, which as we 
told you halfway through the year we decided wasn't giving us the returns that we wanted. So we actually abandoned 
that, but they seem to be using that playback themselves, and so they're getting a little bit of in-store shift right now to 
them. And quite frankly, I hope they have better results than we did. So that's what's happening with the share-to-share 
comparison right now in the short term. I still like our position, and I like our share, and I like our game plan for the 
balance of the year. 

The second question was in our payroll business or our Employee Management Solutions. And specifically you wanted 
to know if our growth rates were – what was driving them. It's a combination of our Online Payroll product continues 
to grow at a very fast rate. We're having tremendous success in having brought PayCycle into the business. And we're 
able to bring our marketing muscle behind that, and we continue to add customers at a strong clip. 

I also have to tell you that our retention rates in our desktop product remain at best-in-class levels and are holding firm 
even in a tough downturn. And so when you look at our customer growth and our average revenue per customer and 
compare it to the competitors, we're actually outperforming the industry. So it's strong Online Payroll performance, 
really good service that's driving good retention, and we're holding good, strong revenue-per-customer numbers. And 
that's what's driving the growth. 

<Q - Jim MacDonald>: Thanks a lot. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you, Jim. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from Heather Bellini of ISI Group. 

<Q - Heather Bellini>: Hi, good afternoon, gentlemen. I was just wondering if you could walk us through – and I 
apologize, there's a lot of calls going on tonight, so you might have commented on this a little. But in particular in your 
QuickBooks business, your existing customers, you've talked a lot about how we're not seeing cannibalization of 
people who are migrating to online from your box products. And I'm just wondering if you could give us kind of what 
you're seeing with your traditional box product users. Have they changed their upgrade patterns? And kind of how 
should we think about that number, the units that you're selling in that business, as the economy starts to gradually 
improve? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, thanks, Heather. The short answer is we haven't 
seen a shift in our current upgraders or new users. We typically get about two-thirds of our users, as you know, from 
upgraders and another third from new customers to the franchise on QuickBooks. Now, we're very early in the game 
here. We're only weeks into the year. But so far the patterns haven't played out any differently for upgraders and new 
users. What we're seeing in the online is basically new people to the franchise and people that are new to accounting 
software in general. So we're expanding the category with the online edition, and it's helping us grow our franchise 
overall. 

<Q - Heather Bellini>: And I guess, Brad, I just had a follow-up on that, then. In terms of the box product users, 
though, because I guess they typically have refreshed kind of every three years. For that base of people since, they're 
not migrating to online, what do you see in the behavior of their upgrade patterns? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. Thanks for further clarification, Heather. So far we 
haven't seen any change. You've got new platforms out there. You have Windows 7 in the marketplace. You've got 
customers who have payroll and payment services, and of course they need to be on the last three years to continue to 
have those services. And then we have a pretty compelling product in the market this year. We've added some new 
features that are getting very good reviews from accountants and other small businesses, things that are driving 
customers to want to go to the upgrade. So so far our upgrade patterns are on target, but we still have a lot of the year to 
play out. 

<Q - Heather Bellini>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Kash Rangan of Merrill Lynch. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Kash? 

Operator 

Please check your mute button, sir. 

<A - Matt Rhodes, Investor Relations>: Okay, let's move to the next. 

Operator 

Thank you. Sara Friar of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 


<Q - Sara Friar>: Great. Thanks very much for taking my question, folks. Brad, you alluded to it a little in your 
prepared remarks about the H&R Block acquisition of TaxACT. TaxACT's traditionally been, I would say, a bit more 
of a price aggressor. So do you expect to see pricing maybe stabilize, get a little bit more rational, with that? And then 
also, all this noise on the discontinuation of refund loans, I would think that would start to make you look even more 
competitive against an H&R Block, who typically used that as a way to get people into the stores. How do you think 
about those two competitive changes? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. Thanks, Sara. First of all, on TaxACT and H&R 
Block, when you come to price, they've both had free offerings in the market for years, as we have. And we've been 
taking share for years. We shared those numbers with you at Investor Day. So it's going to be hard to go lower than free 
and be more aggressive than free. And if they do, we've got a pretty good formula we continue to refine, which is 
enabling us to get customers in on our free product and then convert them to paid. So we don't take any competition for 
granted, but really nothing's changed. We've got two known players in the market that may be combining to one. And 
we know how both of them interact in the market, and we know how we stack up. And so we'll continue to just stay on 
our toes and continue to take share. 

In terms of refund anticipation loans, as you know, Sara, we don't have that product. We walked out of that market 
about six years ago. And in the meantime, we like the fact that in that the digital tax prep category, that category is 
growing, just because that's the way the demographics are shifting in our favor. People prefer to do taxes on their own. 
One of the things that tax stores have always held onto is these refund anticipation loans as a way to try to get you into 
their store, and get a refund much faster. I think it's going to be a challenge for them, if – now that that availability is 
really drying up on them. I think that's another chink in the armor that tax stores are going to have to deal with. 

But with or without RALs, the fact have been the same. For the last half dozen years, digital tax category's been 
growing at 6% to 8%, tax stores have been flat. Now you take the RAL out and we'll just have to see if that accelerates 
their decline even faster. 

<Q - Sara Friar>: Is that anything behind your thinking to kind of accelerate the marketing spend, either the TaxACT 
deal or just some of the RAL stuff going away, or was that just a plan you had anyways? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, Sara, we've learned a lot over the years, that we 
don't want to let anybody get into the game and score a couple buckets on us before we come back down the court. So I 
would tell you that that certainly factored into it, but we've always committed ourselves to playing whistle to whistle, 
and – so yes. We don't want to give up an inch, and we're not going to give up an inch. 

<Q - Sara Friar>: Great. Okay. Appreciate the perspective. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Bryan Keane of Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Bryan Keane>: Hi, guys. Just want to clarify the fact sheet. The QuickBooks units of 281,000, does that include 
the new QuickBooks online users in the quarter? 

<A - R. Neil Williams, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: It's the net new, Bryan, so it includes 
the net new QuickBooks Online users, which you'll see below in terms of the customer base. 

<Q - Bryan Keane>: Okay. So units overall were down 20%, I guess, year over year. Some of that obviously is due to 
the discounting. In the fourth quarter, it was down 9%, so it did it accelerate. And I just want to be clear. It sounded like 
the competitor – is it Peachtree – came out with an aggressive free offering that they're going to be pushing? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Bryan, they ran a couple net-to-zero ads in some retail 
stores. And as we shared with you, at least our own experience was when we ran net to zero, we got the kinds of lifts 
we wanted when we didn't go down that deep, and so that's what you're looking at in the first quarter. 


<Q - Bryan Keane>: Okay. And then just on tax, obviously the tax is going to be released on November 26. Any 
thoughts on pricing this year? Should we expect many changes? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: As you might suspect, Bryan, given the fact that we've 
got these announcements in the market and what Sara was just talking about with some of the competitive changes, 
we'll talk about pricing as we get closer to the actual release date. But I think if you look at our advertising and you 
look at our historical approach to making sure that we remain competitive but also grow the franchise, we'll be on our 
toes. But at this point, I'd rather not talk about our pricing until we get closer to game time. 

<Q - Bryan Keane>: Okay. And can you just remind us what pricing benefited last year – I just can't recall – in the tax 
season? 

<A - R. Neil Williams, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: There were a couple of small changes, 
primarily on the state side, but it wasn't a huge impact to the Consumer Tax line. 

<Q - Bryan Keane>: Okay, just last question for me. I think the only acquisition left in the quarter was Medfusion. If 
that's correct, I'd just be curious to know the revenue contribution of that acquisition or any other acquisitions? 

<A - R. Neil Williams, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: We didn't break it out, but there's 
Medfusion and Mint both in the other segment line, and both of those were not in the same quarter a year ago. That 
contributes to the growth in that segment. 

<Q - Bryan Keane>: Okay. Thanks, guys. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: All right, Bryan. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Sterling Auty of JPMorgan. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: Yeah, thanks. Hi, guys. On the tax item, you've had two quarters that I would look at as kind of 
above seasonal trend. You mentioned the filing extension, but should we be reading this as just an anomaly because of 
the extension behavior, or is there anything that we might be able to extrapolate and read into the upcoming tax year off 
of what you've just done? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Sterling, it's been a trend for probably a half a 
dozen years that people are waiting to file taxes later and later. You used to historically say, but of course they had to 
get them done by April 15th. Well, with this downturn in the economy and 9.6% unemployment, we've seen that go 
past April 15th the last couple years, and people are taking advantage of some of the government decisions to say, hey, 
we'll give you amnesty if you file it by this date. So we have seen people pushing to extensions in the summertime and 
in October. So right now what we do is we just make sure we make it easy for you to file when you're ready to file. 
And we do that for people who have to file extensions, which you saw our results in the first quarter here, but more 
importantly, we also do it for people who want to start right now thinking about April 15th. 

So short story long, I think the headline is procrastination is the natural end benefit of having online services that make 
it easy to file. And the second thing is I think you've seen the economic downturn have an impact on extensions, and 
we'll see how long that continues to perpetuate as the economy starts to stabilize. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: Okay. And the one follow-up would be in the accelerated marketing spend that you described, 
how much of that's going to be focused at trying to give a kick in the butt to the Small Business part of the overall 
revenue? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. I kind of like our kick-in-the-butt results already. 
We're growing that business double-digits for three quarters in a row. And the fact that we're bringing new customers 
into the franchise and our online offerings are exciting. But I'll tell you what we're learning: Our biggest competitor 


remains inertia and nonconsumption. We still have 40% of small businesses running their business in a shoebox or in 
an Excel spreadsheet. Right now they are painfully aware that things aren't good with this downturn, and so they're 
starting to think about solutions, and so our advertising campaign is to basically help them understand that there are 
good solutions in the market, and if we can create that awareness while they're feeling the pain, we hope to grow the 
category and grow our share. And that's really what's behind the advertising right now is to build the awareness of the 
fact there are better alternatives than shoeboxes and spreadsheets. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: All right, great. Thank you. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Ross MacMillan of Jefferies. 

<Q - Ross MacMillan>: Thanks. A lot of mine have been answered already, but maybe just one on actually the Other 
segment. Obviously that business has got some inorganic contribution. I think you're still seeing some benefit of the 
Microsoft Money transition to Quicken and Mint customers. How should – is there any way you could frame kind of 
how we should think about the growth of Other? It's clearly going to decelerate given your full-year guidance and 
where we started the year. But is this – should we think about the Other category as being kind of higher growth on a 
go-forward basis than it has been historically in the last two to three years? Thanks. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. Thank you, Ross. First of all, on the personal 
financial management segment that you mentioned, which is a part of the Other category, we are still benefiting from 
the tail end of that Microsoft Money conversion. So there's no doubt that that factors into some of the Quicken results. 
But I also believe if you get the chance to go out and look at the product reviews, you're going to see we have a very 
compelling offering out there for Quicken desktop right now for people who may have been using older versions and 
want to buy the new version, and Mint continues to grow as well. It's just bringing new people in. So there is some real 
structural strength in the business that we have, but we're also still benefiting from the fact there aren't a lot of other 
alternatives now with Microsoft Money choosing to get out of the desktop business. So that certainly is a piece of it. 

If you go to the second piece, the global business, we have a franchise in Canada and the UK that has been taking share 
in the last 12 months, the likes of which we haven't seen for 10 years. We've got stronger products in both markets. We 
have more complete small-business ecosystem solutions like payroll and payments moving into those markets. And so 
we have good organic growth happening in that portion of the Other category. 

The last piece is our Intuit Health business and Medfusion. Medfusion is growing very nicely. Only 10% of doctors 
today have adopted a patient portal, and with this meaningful-use legislation out there and the ability to get access to 
funds, more and more are adopting. So we've got good year-over-year growth happening there. And ultimately over 
time those three factors – the stronger financial management product, good small-business ecosystem in Canada and 
the UK and as we move into other markets, and then ultimately the healthcare stuff – is what's drying that growth. But 
you're right, we have a couple acquisitions in there that are driving a portion at 27%, but the large majority of that 
growth is organic results. 

<Q - Ross MacMillan>: That's helpful. Maybe just one other last one. Just to go back on TaxACT. Is your working 
assumption in line with H&R Block's comments that really this year TaxCut and TaxACT will be run as autonomous 
business units, so the reality is there's very little change in the market? Is that your working assumption? Thanks. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. So, Ross, it's certainly what they've talked about 
publicly, and that's one of the scenarios that we've planned on. But as you might suspect, we also plan on alternative 
scenarios. What if something changes in that thinking? What if there is a Second Request with HSR. Just a whole 
bunch of combinations. And we've got a playbook for whichever one plays out. But I think most importantly is we like 
the playbook that we have right now. We've got a good product moving into market, we've got a very aggressive 
marketing and advertising campaign. We've got a team that continues to learn every day and adjust. And so regardless 


of however they choose to bring those businesses together, if it is approved and becomes a completed acquisition, I 
think we've got a set of alternatives in front of us that we'll be ready to move with. 

<Q - Ross MacMillan>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Michael Millman of Millman Research Associates. 

<Q - Michael Millman>: Thank you. I guess just following up on the last and then some others, it would seem very 
likely that Block will substantially increase the TaxACT marketing. And I'm not sure if your marketing anticipates that 
or if you're prepared to move with that flow. But also, when you look back about five years ago and compared with 
today, it looks like DIY and preparer have had about the same ratio. And so that doesn't suggest necessarily that the 
market is growing. And I think we're down to 12 million DIY in the last year. So maybe you can talk about where you 
see that growth. Then on TurboTax, could you give us – remind us – total retention, but particularly first-year retention 
and second-year retention? Thank you – on the Tax. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. Thanks, Michael. Let me start with TaxACT and 
H&R Block's suggestion they're going to aggressively market. Again, we'll have to wait and see how it all plays out, 
but I can tell you what I hope for. I hope they do, because we have prior experiences with different competitors who've 
moved into the market, and they've upped the advertising campaigns, and they've basically created increased awareness 
that do-it-yourself solutions are great solutions. And then it comes down to who has the easiest, the best products, and 
the best execution. So if they do come in with a deep war chest of advertising dollars and they get to talking about 
digital services online, we'll be out there as well. And I like that; I like that a lot. Because it'll grow the category, and 
then we'll have to just rely on ourselves to out-execute and take a bigger share of that category. 

In terms of DIY, I'm not sure what numbers you're looking at, but what we're referencing are the IRS published 
numbers that come out at the end of every tax season. And you got to remember in DIY, there's two components. 
There's the software category, which includes desktop and online, and then there's manual. There's no question manual 
has been decreasing. It's down to 11 or 12 million people now. But if you also look at tax stores, tax stores as reported 
by those numbers, have been flat for many, many years and have managed to get 1% or 2% increases in some years but 
pretty much – pretty close to zero. And it's been the CPAs, which are the paid preparers, the accountants, that have 
actually been growing on that side. So manual's been declining in the DIY category. The software category's been 
growing 6% to 8% compounded annually. When you get into the prepared returns, the CPAs have been growing, and 
the tax stores have been roughly flat. We've been taking share from the tax stores in the last few years, and I believe 
you're going to continue to see that happen. 

Your last question was on 


<A - Scott Cook>: Retention. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: TurboTax retention. 

<A - Scott Cook>: Yep. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And have we talked about TurboTax retention? 

<A - Scott Cook>: We have not talked about breaking out first year from the average retention, so we're not going to 
do that now. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. Yeah. So, Michael, we haven't talked about those 
numbers outside, and so ultimately we'll leave with it what we've shared so far. 

<Q - Michael Millman>: Is it fair to assume that your first-year retention is lower than your average retention? 


<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Oh, yes, we have talked about across the company that 
we see an opportunity to improve our first-use experience across all of our products and that our first-year retention 
tends to be lower than second. But this year at Investor Day, Dan Maurer, who leads the Consumer Group, did talk 
about the fact that we have improved our retention in TurboTax year over year. And it's been the first time in a while 
that we've been able to get that kind of a meaningful improvement. So I like the thing the team's focused on right now. 
And I think we're going continue to chip away at that. 

<Q - Michael Millman>: Could you just remind us what that retention number was last year? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It wasn't – we didn't give the actual percentage. We gave 
a year-over-year points improvement, and I can't remember off the top of my head. I know it was in the deck when we 
gave the summary page. So we'll have to go back and see. 

<Q - Michael Millman>: Thank you. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I hope my memory is correct. If not, then you'll have to 
call me up and tell me that I told a fib, but I didn't mean to. 

<Q - Michael Millman>: No problem, we will. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: All right, I know you will, buddy. 

<Q - Michael Millman>: Thank you. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: All right, thanks, Mike. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. 

<Q - Scott Schneeberger>: Thanks. Brad, just curious on the comment you made on Hart-Scott-Rodino with regard to 
TaxACT. Is that a consideration? Has the government contacted you? And how would you do things differently if that 
didn't progress? And had you been – had you looked at TaxACT as well before H&R Block made that acquisition? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, so Scott, to answer the first part of your question 
on HSR, we're simply participating when asked. And we have been contacted. We're simply providing facts as we see 
them, and ultimately it'll have to be sorted out by the DOJ in terms of what they ultimately decide. 

In terms of have we looked at the marketplace and TaxACT in the past, obviously we spend a lot of time understanding 
the market and understanding the competition and also understanding how we think we can best grow the category, and 
then grow our share. And so over the years we've been aware of all those alternatives, and basically where we've landed 
is we think we have a game plan to continue to grow the category and grow the franchise. So you can see pretty much 
how our strategy's played out, and we'll have to see how H&R Block's plays out with this particular announcement. 

<A - Scott Cook>: And Scott, this is Scott Cook. The comment on HSR and a Second Request is just a comment on 
what standard practice is in acquisition – proposed acquisitions of this type. We have no special knowledge. It's just 
standard practice for there to be an HSR investigation by the government and then a possibility of a Second Request. 

<Q - Scott Schneeberger>: Okay, thanks, both. With regard to having an RT product this year, are you in good shape, 
will it continue to be the provider you had last year, or have you diversified? Just curious if you're in good standing 
there. 

<A - R. Neil Williams, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, Scott, this is Neil. We're in good 
shape for this tax season. We've got the products customers going to be looking for on the RT side. 


<Q - Scott Schneeberger>: Excellent. And then just one more quick clarification. I'm sorry, Neil, if you've mentioned 
it. In Financial Services, the nonrecurring item, if you'd just – what that was in size and just anything we need to know 
additionally on that. 

<A - R. Neil Williams, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, we had a contract last year, 
Scott, that had some minimum requirements in their minimum sales requirements from the financial institution. I think 
it's about a point for the full year on the IFS revenue. 

<Q - Scott Schneeberger>: Great. Thanks, I appreciate it. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Brad Zelnick of Macquarie. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Brad? 

Operator 

Please check your mute button, Mr. Zelnick. Please lift your handset. We'll move on. Our next question comes from 
Brendan Barnicle of Pacific Crest Securities. 

<Q - Brendan Barnicle>: Great. Thanks so much, guys. I wanted to just touch base on the Payment Solutions portion. 
And I don't – if you made comments on it, I apologize; there's a lot going on tonight. But I wanted to check there, still 
down in year-over-year volume, still down 3%. And modest sequential improvement at 297 in terms of the number of 
customers, which is a little bit less than it was sort of a year ago sequentially. What are the factors that are going in 
there that may help to turn that business around, just the macro economy? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Brendan, it's Brad. First and foremost, we like the 
fact we're continuing to grow our new merchants double digits. It's up 15% year over year, first quarter this year versus 
first quarter last year. You do note that the sequential merchants did slow down a little bit. That's because we have been 
working with a third party, independent sales organization, that was bringing merchants in. Ultimately when we looked 
at the quality of those merchants, we decided they didn't fit the profile of the kinds of customers we wanted to serve. 
And so we've discontinued that particular partnership. But still, despite that discontinuation, the new merchants were up 
15% year over year. 

The second part is absolutely on target, which is the volume per merchant we're seeing right now is down 3% year over 
year. Let me put that into context. Our total charge volume is up 11%. And that's pretty much consistent with what you 
hear with other credit card companies, but what you see in terms of our revenue results is we chose not to pass through 
a price increase until October of this year, even though the interchange fees went up in the spring of last year and that 
cost us about 4 points of revenue. We simply did not want to pass along a price increase when small businesses were 
hurting. And now that we're starting to see a little more of a stabilization in the market, we have announced that price 
increase in October. 

So we had really good merchant growth happening. As charge volume continues to improve, we're going to see 
tailwind in this business, and we'll see it continue to go into double-digit revenue growth ranges like it has been in the 
past. 

<Q - Brendan Barnicle>: So we should see acceleration in the remainder of the year between the change in the 
partnership and change in pricing? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, we're going to continue to grow the merchants, and 
we're hopeful that as the economy stabilizes, that you'll see the improvements on the charge volume and that ultimately 
that would drive double-digit revenue growth. 


<Q - Brendan Barnicle>: Okay, great. And Neil, just on the Other income, the decline of 7 million was a little more 
than we'd been modeling. Is that about what we should be expecting on a quarterly basis through the remainder of the 
year, or is there anything exceptional in Q1? 

<A - Jerry Natoli>: This is Jerry. There's a little bit of an exceptional thing in there Q1. There is a gain from executive 
deferred comp that's popping it up just a bit, and that really moves with the market. Its offset by an increase in OpEx, 
so it's neutral to the income line, but other income's up just a bit from what you might have modeled. 

<Q - Brendan Barnicle>: So should we be modeling back at more of sort of a loss of say 10 million a quarter like we 
saw back last year on a quarter over lines basis? 

<A - Jerry Natoli>: Yeah, 

<Q - Brendan Barnicle>: Okay. And then lastly, I think I heard you guys say this, that given the pull-forward in the 
sales and marketing, that we should see Q4 be breakeven, is that right? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. We've said that you would see it start to approach 
breakeven. 

<Q - Brendan Barnicle>: Okay. Great. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We'll have to see as the seasonality plays out, if all the 
calendarization things that we see play out the way we have planned. But we're certainly narrowing that gap as we get a 
larger percentage of our revenue from Connected Services. 

<Q - Brendan Barnicle>: Terrific. Thanks so much for the clarity. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our final question comes from Justin Furby of William Blair and Company. 

<Q - Justin Furby>: Great. Thanks, guys, for sneaking me in. This is Justin in for Laura. Just a couple questions. First, 
Brad, you alluded to a little bit in your opening remarks about obviously still a challenging environment. But I guess as 
you went through the quarter, did you see any changes in terms of the small-business environment, anything that was 
ahead of expectations or below? Or just any update there would be helpful. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hey, Justin. It's still a mixed bag. Obviously we're seeing 
some strong results in our Small Business franchise, but if I look past that at some of the key indicators, charge volume 
is still off on a charge-volume-per-merchant-basis, down 3%, which we talked about a few minutes ago on our 
Payments business. And the other's a Small Business Employment Index that we use. And we have seen a slight uptick. 
It's now an annualized employment increase of about 2.7%. It had been down closer to the high 1.8% to 2.1%, so it's 
improving somewhat. But 2.7% employment increase isn't going to get anybody out of the recession anytime soon. 

So it's a mixed bag, and what we're going to have to do is just continue to execute well, and make sure that we 
understand that our products are needed most when the economy is tough. And if we can get out there and help small 
businesses through these tough times, then we're going do fine. 

<Q - Justin Furby>: Okay, great. And then one last one if I may in terms of the acquisition market. Just curious what 
you're seeing in terms of pricing out there. And I guess would you guys be interested in really only small tuck-ins, or 
larger acquisitions – potential – as well for Intuit? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. We typically look for acquisitions that bring us 
technology or talent that will help us accelerate our core businesses or accelerate our strategy into new markets. In 
terms of the size, you can look at our last three transactions. They've been in the $150 to $200 million range. That's not 


to say we wouldn't look at acquisitions that may be larger, if we thought they strategically made sense, but we tend to 
go for those kinds of transactions because we find them easy to integrate, and they basically become rocket fuel to help 
us power up our core businesses. 

<Q - Justin Furby>: Okay, great. Thanks very much. I appreciate it. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Gentlemen, I'm not showing any further questions. Would you like to proceed with any additional remarks? 

Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer 

I simply want to thank everybody for your questions today. Appreciate – I know it's a very busy day today in terms of 
all the different earnings calls, so I appreciate your time and attention, and we're looking forward to seeing you soon. 
Take care, everybody. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the call. You may all 
disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


