Q3 2014 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Matt Rhodes 
• Brad D. Smith 
• R. Neil Williams 
Other Participants 

• Peter L. Goldmacher 
• Walter H. Pritchard 
• Brent Thill 
• Gil B. Luria 
• Greg E. Dunham 
• Jennifer S. Lowe 
• Brad Zelnick 
• Scott A. Schneeberger 
• David M. Togut 
• Timothy W. Willi 
• Michael Millman 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon. My name is Sayyid, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to Intuit's third quarter fiscal 2014 conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any 
background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] 

With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Matt Rhodes, Intuit's Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Rhodes, 
you may begin. 

Matt Rhodes 

Thank you, sir. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Intuit's third quarter fiscal 2014 conference call. I'm here 
with Brad Smith, our President and CEO; and Neil Williams, our CFO. 

Before we start, I'd like to remind everyone that our remarks will include forward-looking statements. There are a 
number of factors that could cause Intuit's results to differ materially from our expectations. 

You can learn more about these risks in the press release we issued earlier this afternoon, our Form 10-K for fiscal 
2013, and our other SEC filings. All those documents are available on the Investor Relations page of Intuit's website at 
intuit.com. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement. 

Some of the numbers in this report are presented on a non-GAAP basis. We've reconciled the comparable GAAP and 
non-GAAP numbers in today's press release. Unless otherwise noted, all growth rates refer to the current period versus 
the comparable prior-year period, and the business metrics and associated growth rates refer to worldwide business 


metrics. 

As a reminder, all reported results exclude Intuit Financial Services and Intuit Health, which have been sold and 
reclassified to discontinued operations. A copy of our prepared remarks and supplemental financial information will be 
available on our website after this call ends. 

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Brad Smith. 

Brad D. Smith 

All right, thanks, Matt, and thanks to all of you for joining us. 

Today, we reported third quarter revenue of $2.4 billion, up 14%. Overall, I feel very good about our performance. Let 
me begin by sharing my reflections on the quarter, starting with our Consumer Tax business. In the U.S., TurboTax 
Online units grew 14% and total TurboTax units grew 10% for the season. Both results were double last year's growth 
rates. 

Our investment in product improvements paid off across the board, and we now expect Consumer Tax revenue to grow 
about 7% for the fiscal year, handily beating the original guidance of 4% to 5%. Our goals this year were to accelerate 
growth in the DIY digital category, acquire and retain more customers, and take share. We succeeded on all fronts. 

As we regularly discuss, there are four main drivers of growth for TurboTax. I'll walk through each of these drivers and 
I'll highlight how we performed versus our expectations. Total returns received by the IRS grew slightly faster than our 
expectation of 0.5 point. The DIY software category gained about 1.5 points of share from alternative methods 
compared to the 1% that we had expected. In fact, IRS data show the DIY E-file group was up more than 6%, 
contrasted with the assisted E-files being up less than 1% for the season. 

Within the DIY software category, improvements in our TurboTax product and our go-to-market execution drove a 
gain of about two points of share. Our plan was to win share within the context of the multiyear journey towards our 
ultimate product vision. But we made great strides this season focusing on improved experiences for new filers with 
simple returns and for returning users. 

And finally, while we delivered revenue growth above our guidance range and achieved our goal of growing our 
customer base several points faster than revenue, the end result was a decrease in revenue per customer of about three 
points for the season. This was expected as we strive to build a strong foundation for the future through category and 
unit growth. 

While these are compelling metrics, I'm most proud of the results we generated on our product investments and our 
end-to-end experience improvements. We spent 10% less on TurboTax marketing versus last year, yet we increased 
traffic and both conversion and retention improved. In addition, our support calls declined by more than 20%, and our 
Net Promoter Scores improved as well. While our primary goal was to take share this season, these product investments 
as an effective marketing strategy drove Consumer group margin expansion as well. 

On the ProTax side of the business, we had strong new customer growth in our higher value offerings. And while we're 
still in the early days of delivering our ultimate online product vision for the professional accountant, our Intuit Tax 
Online units grew double digits as well. As you're going to see in our updated guidance, we expect the ProTax business 
to come in at the high end of the range. 

Now shifting to small business, our cloud solutions continue to build momentum, and our subscriber growth is 
accelerating. QuickBooks Online subscribers grew 36% in the third quarter to 624,000, adding more than 60,000 net 
customers in the past quarter. QuickBooks Online subscribers outside the U.S. were up more than 130% to 64,000, 
further accelerating from the 90% growth last quarter. Total QuickBooks subscriber growth, which includes 
QuickBooks Desktop and Enterprise plans, grew 30%, and we're quickly approaching the 1 million subscriber 
milestone. And last but not least, Intuit Online Payroll subscribers also grew 23%. Each of these growth rates 
represents an acceleration from the prior quarter, and we are quite pleased with the ongoing success of our online 


ecosystem. 

As we look ahead, our goal is to win every new small business customer and to win every cloud decision with the new 
QuickBooks Online. In service to this goal, we expect our desktop units to decline, and that is a trend that continued 
once again this quarter. 

On the payments front, as we mentioned last quarter, we shifted our strategic focus to QuickBooks merchants, which 
support our ecosystem approach. We improved our payments integration within QuickBooks and we simplified our 
pricing. More than 80% of new customers are now selecting our pay-as-you-go pricing model instead of paying a fixed 
monthly fee. As a result, our current period growth rates are being impacted by these decisions, but we think these are 
good decisions as we've realized our pricing to be more competitive, and we've consciously shifted away the emphasis 
from the non-core payments businesses. Even with the strategic repositioning of our Payments business and the 
business model shift to the cloud in QuickBooks, we continue to expect small business revenue growth of 10% this 
year. 

So to put a bow around our progress so far, the secular shift to the cloud is powering our strategy. We're delivering 
awesome product experiences. We're leveraging the contributions of others, and we're capitalizing on data to deliver 
real customer delight. Executing against this strategy, we won this tax season. And on the small business side, our 
subscriber growth in the online ecosystem continues to accelerate both domestically and globally. 

So with that overview, I'll turn it over to Neil to walk you through the financial details. 

R. Neil Williams 
Thanks, Brad. Let's start with overall company results. 

For the third quarter of fiscal 2014, we delivered: revenue of $2.4 billion, up 14%; non-GAAP operating income of 
$1.56 billion, up 16%; GAAP operating income of $1.49 billion, up 17%; non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of 
$3.53, up 20%; and GAAP diluted earnings per share of $3.39, up 25%. As you know, these growth rates reflect 
revenue shifting from our second quarter to the third fiscal quarter. 

Now turning to the business segments, total Small Business group revenue grew 8% in the third quarter. Within Small 
Business, Small Business Financial Solutions revenue grew 4%. QuickBooks revenue grew 7%, while Payments 
revenue was flat. Our financial performance reflects our ongoing strategic shift toward our online ecosystem and core 
payments offerings. 

Customer acquisition in our online ecosystem continues to drive growth. QuickBooks Online subscribers grew 36%. 
QuickBooks Desktop subscribers grew 22%. QuickBooks Enterprise subscribers grew 18%. QuickBooks Desktop units 
declined 12% versus last year, as we continue to lead with our online ecosystem. The shift in business model and the 
acceleration of QuickBooks Online growth combined to lower small business revenue growth by about a point this 
fiscal year. 

Payments Solutions revenue was flat. One click down in Payments, we continue to see diverging trends in our core and 
non-core businesses. QuickBooks Payments revenue grew 5%, driven by increased adoption of our cloud solutions. 
Revenue from our non-core Payments business declined about 20%, and these non-core businesses represent about 
10% of total Payments revenue. 

Small Business Management Solutions revenue grew 16%. Employee Management Solutions revenue grew 13%, 
driven by strong growth in online customers across do-it-yourself and assisted offerings. Demandforce subscribers 
grew 44%, including the recent acquisition of CustomerLink. Subscribers grew 28% organically. 

Within the Consumer group, Consumer Tax revenue grew 14% versus the third quarter last year, driven by strong 
customer growth. As Brad mentioned, our margins improved nicely this season. While I'm pleased with the 
performance, we expect to continue to invest in the product experience and to prioritize growth in share and customers 
above margin expansion over the long term. 


Our ProTax business also had a great season, with much of our customer growth coming in our higher-value solutions. 
ProTax revenue was $334 million, up 32%, reflecting the shift in large part from Q2 to Q3. Year-to-date revenue 
growth in ProTax is about 3%. As a reminder, we've made some changes to our ProTax offering that will shift revenue 
into the fourth quarter of this year and fiscal 2015. 

Moving to our financial principles, we continue to take a disciplined approach to capital management, investing the 
cash we generate in opportunities that yield 15%-plus return on investment. With over $2 billion in cash on our balance 
sheet, our first priority is investing for growth in the business. We also look for M&A opportunities. And through the 
third quarter, we've made six acquisitions totaling approximately $155 million. 

When it's the best use of our cash, we'll return it to shareholders via share repurchases. We repurchased 23.4 million of 
shares in the third quarter and about $2 billion remains on our authorization. We expect to reduce our share count by 
about 4% net this year. And our board approved a $0.19 dividend for the fiscal fourth quarter, payable on July 18. 
We've provided our updated guidance for the fourth quarter and for fiscal 2014 in our press release. 

And with that, I'll turn it back over to Brad to close. 

Brad D. Smith 

Thank you, Neil. 

So we're pleased with our strong finish to the tax season. We grew the digital category, took share, and plan to come in 
above the high end of our original revenue guidance range in Consumer Tax. However, as we shared before, we're just 
getting started. It will be a multiyear effort to re-imagine the tax preparation experience, but our teams are already 
working on the product for next season. 

On the small business side, our momentum continued to build and our transition to the cloud continues to accelerate, 
driving value for customers and for Intuit. We see a lot of opportunity in front of us and we remain deeply committed 
to accelerating customer and revenue growth. 

And with that, we'll turn it over to you for your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Peter Goldmacher from Cowen. Your line is 
open. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Peter L. Goldmacher>: Hey, guys. So you guys talked a lot all season about how you were going to take half a 
step back from Tax and really start working on the product. And you sacrificed, you held pricing flattish to gain share. 
Can you talk about what we should expect next year? I don't need guidance. But do you think that you have – you guys 
brought in enough customers this season that even if you hold pricing flat, you can get that growth again, and what 
happens with the product? And then talk a little bit about your learnings in Tax and how they apply to the small 
business products. 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Okay, Peter, thanks for the question. So first of all, yes, we believe this year sets the foundation 
for a strong future next year, and the reason being has got a couple of pieces to it. First of all, the way that we see 
continuing to grow the franchise is to first expand and accelerate the do-it-yourself category. And it's been running in 
the 3% to 5% growth range and this year, we got it up over 6%. The second is we know if we bring customers into the 
franchise, next year they tend to come in and not only do they use our product, but many times their taxes get more 
complicated and they move up the product line, and that's good news for us in terms of customer growth and revenue. 


Behind that, we've also gotten a lot of really good learnings this year on product improvements. The team made big 
improvements to our classic TurboTax product. We got a lot of good advances around simple returns and returning user 
experiences. And we were able to take that learning and build it into our go-forward plans for next year, so we think the 
product will be even stronger. And when you put that together, the reason why we have the confidence that I'm 
communicating now is because we feel all the key indicators move up and to the right. The category expanded. We 
picked up share. Our conversion was up. Our retention is up almost 200 basis points, and our Net Promoter Scores 
improved four to six points on each of the products, so we actually feel very good that those are positive leading 
indicators the next year. Peter... 

<Q - Peter L. Goldmacher>: Brad, let me ask you. Let me just stay on this topic because you're making a really 
interesting point here. Do you think next year if you have the opportunity to keep pricing flat and grow your share 
again, is that something that's interesting to you guys, or do you feel compelled to deliver more revenue growth other 
than unit growth? 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Yes, so, Peter, a couple of things. One is we've always tried to emphasize the important thing is 
to grow the category and to grow customers. And then ultimately the average revenue per filer or customer will come 
as a result of mix and taxes becoming more complicated. So on pricing, we've always been as competitive. On the low 
end it's free. And on the high-end, we take price for value because often we're competing with a higher priced 
alternative like a tax store. So we like our pricing strategy this year. And we think that continuing to apply that 
methodology going forward is a good way to continue to grow the franchise. So yes, the answer to your question is 
staying focused on growing share, growing customers, and expanding the category remains our top priority. And we'll 
continue to make the right pricing decisions of the low end and the high end to continue to grow revenue. 

<Q - Peter L. Goldmacher>: And then any application of your learnings to small business? 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Absolutely. This year I think our marketing team and TurboTax were able to illustrate 
wonderful advances in how to take a spend and actually be a little more efficient in the spend and then take it down 
10%, but actually increase traffic and conversion to the products. There are a lot of lessons there with the rest of the 
company is learning from. Another thing that TurboTax did this year is they revamped their customer support model 
using Live Community as well as Online Help, and we reduced the number of customer contacts by about 24%. And 
we were able to take that investment and put it back into advancing the products. So there are a lot of good lessons 
from TurboTax that we've already shared across the company for small business and the other parts of the company as 
well. 

<Q - Peter L. Goldmacher>: Okay. Thanks a lot, Brad. 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: You're welcome, Peter. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Walter Pritchard from Citigroup. Your line is open. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Walter H. Pritchard>: Hi, thanks. Brad, I wonder if you could talk a bit about the units on the traditional 
QuickBooks side. We understand what's going on here in terms of the online units accelerating into the mid to high 
30s% here and you saw the QuickBooks units go lower than we've seen in the past. I'm just wondering. Help set our 
expectations for how much those could diverge. And do we expect to see the QuickBooks traditional units go even 
more negative here than they are right now as you accelerate the transition to online? 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Walter, thanks for the question. What I am excited about is that we are getting faster 
acceleration to the cloud than we originally had forecasted ourselves. And it's not happening to us. The team has 
continued to get smarter, run experiments, and we're finding things that are helping us incentivize customers to move 
off the desktop into the cloud, where we know it's a better experience for them and, quite frankly, a better lifetime 
value for us. So what I would say and what we communicated a few minutes ago is this decline of about 12% unit 
growth in QuickBooks Desktop we don't see slowing down. And if we actually are successful, we see that accelerating 


as we head into fiscal year 2015. 

Our ultimate goal is to win every small business customer and to win every cloud decision. And that cloud decision 
may be an existing desktop customer, either ours or a competitor's, or maybe someone coming into the market for the 
first time, but we want to continue to accelerate to the cloud. And the thing we want to make sure we're doing is 
making it a very clear value proposition and that's a better solution for them. And so we expect QuickBooks Desktop 
units to continue to decline, and we expect to continue to push the accelerator in QuickBooks Online. 

<Q - Walter H. Pritchard>: And then can you just – I think you've had this challenge with some of your add-on 
products, Payroll and Payments, but you haven't had those in the channel with the online customers the way you have 
with your desktop customer, and I know you have plans to move those there. Have you at all accelerated those plans to 
move some of those offerings into the online channel given the acceleration you're seeing in uptake of the online 
offering overall? 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: We have. In fact, we've been seeing very strong results. When we introduced the new version of 
QuickBooks Online in the U.S., in this past quarter for example, Payments is up 32%. So the penetration rate of 
Payments into new QuickBooks Online customers is actually ramping up very quickly, and we're seeing very strong 
results in Payroll as well. So the attach rate for the new version of QuickBooks Online are actually higher than they 
were on the old QuickBooks Online, and we're quickly moving up basically the adoption rate towards where we were 
with desktop. We still have a lot of runway ahead of us to get all the way to the point of desktop, but we're seeing it a 
much easier experience to sell additional services with the new QuickBooks Online. 

<Q - Walter H. Pritchard>: Great, thank you. 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

Thank you. And our next question comes from Brent Thill from UBS. Your line is open. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Brent Thill>: Thanks, good afternoon. Brad, you mentioned the realigned pricing. And when you go to 
QuickBooks Online on your website, you're offering 40% to 60% discounts. And I realize you run promotions at a lot 
of different points in the company's lifecycle. But can you just talk about some of those discounts to push people 
online? Are you going to continue to use price to get people to move over? And I guess this [indiscernible] (20:30) 
when you think about this realignment to the cloud, your aspiration has always been to me 10% growth, but there was 
clearly a shortfall relative to the reported number on the small business side than I think we all were looking for. Is this 
expected to last a couple years? Is this another year? How long do you think this will last in terms of this transition? 
And I guess why not accelerate and just pull everything out of the channel? 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: All right. Brent, we'll double team on that. I'll start the first piece which you directed to me. 
Realigned pricing was referring to not only the decision in Payments, where we got rid of the lot of convoluted if/then 
statements in our pricing model and got it to a very simple two-tiered scenario, where you can have a monthly fee and 
lower transaction fees or you can literally have no monthly fee and then simply pay as you go on a per transaction 
basis, that's driving accelerated adoption of new Payments customers and we think that's going to pay big dividends not 
only in the customer experience, but in the charge volume as we look ahead. 

To go to the promotions on QuickBooks Online, as you know, today if you look at the price of QuickBooks Online, it's 
about $26 a month. And that compares to a desktop customer who has it about $200 anytime they purchase it and they 
upgrade every 2.5 years. So we have room to discount and incentivize people to come in and use QuickBooks Online 
because we know it's very sticky. Once you come in, you start using the accounting app and you keyed all your 
information in, you're going to stay. And so we think and actually believe that using promotion to incent trial and then 
ultimately that leads to a higher lifetime value is a very good way to grow the franchise. Even if it takes a short-term hit 
in the revenue in the current period, it is proven to build a 140 index to the prior lifetime value we were getting off of 
the other model. So it's a good way for us to grow the franchise long term. 


I'll shift it over to Neil to answer your question about how long will this transition last and what is our thinking around 
it. 

<A - R. Neil Williams>: Yes, Brad. And, Brent, thanks for the question. We still think longer term, our financial 
principles are the same, to provide organic revenue growth in the double-digit category. What you see in Small 
Business though and even in Tax to a certain extent are some pretty significant transformations in the business model 
and the way we deliver service and the way customers pay. And we know we're convinced, I know you agree with us 
too, that this is the right thing for the customer long term. It's a much better customer experience and the product works 
a lot harder. 

Our goal remains to add customers and to really get deeper penetration into the people who don't use software today. 
So QuickBooks Online has proven to be a great tool to do that. And we're not going to let the business model itself 
stand in the way or any short-term goals as long as we can really show that type improvement in customers that you're 
seeing in Q3 and for the year overall in our online ecosystem. And we talked about our lifetime value compares last 
Investor Day. You know that on the online products, it's a significant improvement over desktop. We'll be updating that 
for you again in August and giving you some more clear milestones or guideposts that you can track going forward. 
But we think this business model transition is a really good thing. And we want to do everything we can to incent 
customers to use our products and to use our online offerings as soon as they're ready. So I wouldn't be caught up in 
any short-term concerns about that guidance as long as the long-term story is tight and you can understand it and see 
when the turn comes. 

<Q - Brent Thill>: Great, thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Gil Luria from Wedbush Securities. Your line is open. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Gil B. Luria>: Thanks for taking my question. On tax, you talked a lot about why you gained share this year, but 
I wanted to see what your perspective is after having completed the tax season about why the category reaccelerated. 
It's been decelerating over the last few years, the growth of the digital category. And this year it seems to have 
reaccelerated. What do you ascribe that to? 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Gil, I'll share a hypothesis that we have, and of course it's going to depend upon how more data 
comes out from all the players in the market. But when you are the category leader, and now we have about a 63% 
share with the two points we picked up this year, it's our responsibility to champion the category and convince people 
who may not be using software that it's a good alternative. And this year, I believe our marketing did a great job of 
doing that. The campaign, "It's amazing what you're capable of," resonated with consumers. It received a lot of 
recognition from the industry pundits and the people who look at advertising. And collectively, I think that continued to 
build upon what is already a secular shift where digital has been growing in that 5% range, and I think just our ability to 
get that message clearer to people who maybe didn't consider software in the past helped to accelerate it a little bit 
more. So that's our responsibility. And I think that this year, our team and our marketing efforts were a little bit clearer 
on why people should try software. And we're going to continue to do that next year as we push further to try to expand 
the category. 

<Q - Gil B. Luria>: That makes sense. And then, international QuickBooks Online, at this point you're going on 
offense. And at the rate you're expanding, do you ascribe that to accountant incentives, or how did you keep 
accelerating the growth of QuickBooks Online international? 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Gil, I'm glad you called it out, 130% growth this quarter on top of 90% growth last quarter, 
really strong progress. The first thing we did, we sat back and we said we can't treat it as a group of countries. We have 
to understand how to win in every country. And to do that, we've been closing gaps and the feature functionality or 
local compliance on a country-by-country basis either through third-party partners that work with our platform or small 
little acquisitions. 


The second is exactly where you went. We have really been working hard with the accountant channels, who is the 
primary source of referrals and recommendations. And we've seen that flywheel continue to accelerate week over week 
as they get really comfortable with the new version of QuickBooks Online and they're encouraging all their clients to 
use it. And it's a combination of those two things, the country-by-country game plan to localize the product in addition 
to working with the channel with the accountants has really continued to push that momentum forward. 

<Q - Gil B. Luria>: Got it, thank you. 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Yes. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Greg Dunham from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Greg E. Dunham>: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I wanted to follow up on Brent and Walter's question, 
because I do agree. Accelerating the transition to online is going to be better for the business and the customers long 
run. I guess the question is, is there any way you can help quantify what that transition, that impact is on the growth 
rate in a given quarter, and help frame here's where we are now, here's where we expect to be next year and two years 
down the road. I know you did that at the Analyst Day, but any update on that would be helpful. 

And then a second question on Payments, you provided some context in terms of what's causing that the slow currently. 
When do you think you're going to get to a more normalized growth rate on Payments? Thanks. 

<A - R. Neil Williams>: Hey, Greg, this is Neil. I guess I would tell you for this year, for FY 2014, we think the 
impact just of the business model shift from desktop to QBO is about a point of revenue growth on SBG. And we'll go 
in more depth on that in August and around Investor Day when we give guidance for next year because clearly we see 
the pace accelerating and that could make the impact more significant, but we'll break that out for you and show you 
how we think about it. But we think it's about a point on FY 2014. 

The other big thing that's impacting our Small Business revenue overall is Payments, as you brought out. And the team 
there is in the midst of a really big transition to a platform system that enables much simplified pricing, which is the 
number one detractor we've heard from customers and it's addressing that already for customers who have moved to the 
simplified pricing platform. And also moving out some non-core Payments businesses that really were not connected to 
our QuickBooks ecosystem and frankly weren't good prospects to connect down the road. So those two things, if you 
strip those away, Payments would have an okay year this year. 

Payments customers and charge volume would be up about 7% in Q4 if you normalize the non-strategic things out. 
And those are decent numbers. They're not nearly what we think the potential is with the segment long term. But we've 
got great people working on this now, and they've got some great plans and ideas with the attach rates for QBO going 
forward and the pricing structures and all that. 

So we'll give you more clarity as we start talking about guidance for FY 2015. But we think the outcome with the 
QuickBooks ecosystem is very consistent with the principles we talked about in this business for a long time, and we 
think the potential is really, really strong. But we'll break that out for you. We think that impact this year is about a 
point. It will be more next year possibly if we see the acceleration of QBO continue as it is now, but we'll give you 
some detail behind that so you can understand it and get your head around it in August. 

<Q - Greg E. Dunham>: Okay. Thanks, guys. That makes sense. 

Operator 

Thank you. And our next question comes from Jennifer Lowe from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Please go 
ahead. 


<Q - Jennifer S. Lowe>: Hi, thank you. I wanted to go back to the tax season a little bit and maybe follow up on Gil's 
question because on the one hand it seemed like a lot of the promotional activity was really focused on potentially free 
customers. On the other hand, I know at Analyst Day there was lot of discussion around some of the services that you 
were offering in terms of giving people potentially a little more hand-holding through the process as a way to compete 
more effectively with paid preparers. So I was just curious if had to feel for – as you look at where new customers came 
into the funnel from, did you get a good sense of whether you were competing more effectively with professional or 
whether that was a higher convert from manual? Any color there would be helpful. 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Jennifer, we'll go deeper as we start to unpack the season at the Analyst Day, but I will give you 
the hot off the press stuff as we're sitting here. First of all, the promotional offer was very limited. It was a surgical 
strike. It was around the first peak in season, and it was really by design. We tried to foreshadow that when we talked in 
the market. And it was in essence targeted to very simple returns, people who file a very simple return that we believe 
overpay to get that tax return done. 

And so what we did is we improved the product this year. We had a better offering in what we call the value tier. We 
included prior-year import. We included W-2 download. We stripped out a bunch of unnecessary questions so you 
could get your taxes done very quickly. We made the refund very transparent for you, and we brought the state pricing 
more in line with where we saw a good competitive price/value should be. And in doing that, we've always had a 
disproportionately low share in that segment. This year, we think we took back a good portion of the share that we 
believe we should have. At the same time, we were able to take forms out of our mid-tier product and move it up into 
the higher tier so that we had a right-for-me products and price for other customers, and we saw good movement in mix 
there as well. 

So what I would say is our focus as we come out of this season is we focused on the simple returns. And we think we 
had a good product and we think we had a good price/value relationship, and it helped us grow share. At the same time, 
we were able to get our other products improved and we moved forms in between the different SKUs, and we saw a 
good mix shift that helped us with the higher end. And as we look ahead to next year, I think you're going to see us 
continue to push the envelope further towards our vision of taxes being done, eliminating the cognitive burden, 
reducing the number of questions you have to answer, getting as much information into the product as we can, and 
basically making that the point of differentiation. 

I would summarize by saying this. We've always had free in this industry. Free has existed since the early 2000s, and 
we introduced a free commercial product 2004. This year, we had a free product just like our competitors. We have one 
competitor who actually was with us step by step on pricing for everything else. The difference is we took share and 
that competitor lost share. And the difference wasn't price, the difference was product. 

<Q - Jennifer S. Lowe>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Brad Zelnick from Macquarie. Your line is open. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Brad Zelnick>: Great, thanks so much for taking my question. Brad, as you reflect on this year's tax season and 
you think about it on the product level, two particular favorites of mine, I was hoping maybe you can give us more 
insight into how they performed: one on the mobile side of things; and two, CPA Select, which sounds like a real 
promising strategy. How did they do? 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Thanks, Brad. First on the mobile side, we continued to push the envelope with our original 
mobile offering, which was SnapTax. This year we continue to simplify the products, we introduced a Spanish as well 
as an English version. And we saw continued high user ratings and downloads of that app. But we also had some new 
learnings which is not unique to other industries, but for our industry we were able to capitalize on it. And that is if you 
move out of app stores, a lot of people still want to use their phones and tablets to interact even if they haven't 
downloaded an app. 


And so this year, when we changed the product in TurboTax, we made it a responsive design, which means you can go 
into TurboTax Online on your tablet or your phone and it would adjust to the screen size and basically present the 
questions in a way that was easy to interact. We saw a 40% lift in people who were doing at least one log-in through a 
phone or a tablet to get their taxes done this year. That was a significant improvement, and it gives us a lot of 
encouragement in the direction we're heading for next year. So around mobile, good improvements around SnapTax. 
The big learning is around how to use responsive design and actually increase the number of people using the mobile 
device to do some portion of their taxes. 

If you go to CPA Select, for those who may not know the context here, this is the ability for us to take a big portion of 
people who may come into TurboTax.com and for some reason lose confidence and feel like they wish they had 
someone who could assist them with the process. What we're doing is we're connecting all that traffic from 
TurboTax.com to some of the CPAs that buy our tax software, whether it's Lacerte or ProSeries. This year we were in 
beta. We had 500 CPAs who signed up. Those 500 CPAs processed four times the number of returns than we did last 
year, and the Net Promoter Score for CPA Select was a 79. And so it continues to eclipse. An average CPA has a Net 
Promoter of 51. This is 28 points higher. So we're very encouraged by CPA Select, and I think you'll see us continue to 
lean into that as we go into next tax season. 

<Q - Brad Zelnick>: Very helpful insight. And if I could just follow up, Brad, on the small business side, QuickBooks 
Online momentum seems to be fantastic. And I just wanted to ask specifically about your partnerships with Square and 
AmEx. Am I stretching to think that in any way those partnerships might be helping online adoption? Thank you. 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Brad, first of all, we are very excited about those partnerships. We also have others that are in 
the works. They're still early days. I certainly believe they add value to the platform, very encouraged with the early 
results as are we. And so I would say yes, they are helping. I don't know if it's stretching or not to say they're the reason 
why we're accelerating because clearly we're going after a platform approach and they're still pretty early days in terms 
of volume. But I do think it illustrates the point this is not your granddaddy's QuickBooks Online. This is a new 
platform with open APIs that serious players like AmEx and Square see value in, and there's a real compelling reason 
for small businesses to try it as well. 

<Q - Brad Zelnick>: Thanks again for taking my questions. 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: All right, buddy. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer. Your line is open. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Scott A. Schneeberger>: Thanks, good afternoon. I'll start with a few, if I could follow up on the Tax category. 
Could you discuss a little bit about the timing and magnitude of marketing spend for Consumer Tax as you move 
through the season? Thanks. 

<A - R. Neil Williams>: Scott, as Brad mentioned earlier, it's down about 10% overall. As you probably noticed, the 
spend was targeted around certain relatively large events. And it was not an intensity on a daily basis, as we've had in 
the past. It was very targeted areas where we know a lot of the target audience is going to be tuned in. They're going to 
be watching. They're going to be accessible. And as Brad mentioned, we monitor traffic very carefully. Our traffic 
improved nicely over this past season. We still have almost 60% of the people who actually filed returns come to our 
website sometime during the tax season, unique visitors. But the spend this season was much more targeted. It was 
targeted throughout, but it was focused in certain high points when we know there's going to be a lot of volume and to 
certain high-impact venues where we know we're going to see a lot of people as opposed to being universally 
carpet-bombed throughout the season. 

<Q - Scott A. Schneeberger>: Great, thanks. And then, Brad, conversion seems to be a theme. It's kind of the holy 
grail you had sought for the last few years, seeing a lot of people coming to the website and feel like you got them but 


you just haven't converted them. It seems like you had great retention, a lot of great new acquisitions. Could you just 
speak a little bit to what was occurring there? Was it purely some of the pricings you did at this stage obviously is 
matching the improved website and especially the core categories in the early season. Is there enough of a momentum 
that you've built up this year that you can go [ph] block (39:15) more of those folks to that next year without pushing 
too much on price again? Thanks. 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Todd, I would say that the conversion piece was more attributable to an improved product 
experience and really driven by our data scientists and our data analytics team. As you know, we made an acquisition 
of Level Up. That team put a lot of their energy and focus with the rest of our data scientists on Tax this year. They saw 
points in the experience that were causing friction where people were stopping and delaying for multiple seconds. 
When they saw there was drop-off occurring, they rolled up their sleeves with our engineers. We went in and we tuned 
the product and we got the funnel so tuned that we continued to see improved conversion every day as we went towards 
April 15. 

In fact, I'll tell you. There was one portion which is basically our non-campaign traffic that came to our homepage, so 
not anything driven by a TV ad, but non-campaign traffic, it improved. Conversion improved 700 basis points in that 
one area. And as you know, 0.5 point or a point of conversion is significant. So I would say that the pricing piece was 
the reason to get people to come in and give us a shot, but it was really the product experience that drove increased 
conversion and the retention, and quite frankly and it's because we continue to look at data and analytics as a way to 
improve the experience. 

<Q - Scott A. Schneeberger>: Okay, I have two more separate ones, I'll say them at the same time just to sneak them 
in. First one, in years past you've used hundreds of tax professionals to help. It sound like you really reduced 
dependence on that [ph] and it was accepted (40:45). If you could, address that a little bit more. And then also your 
thoughts going forward with regard to ACA next year and how that will affect pricing in the industry, yourself 
included. Thank you. 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Okay. So first of all on tax pros, historically what we tried to do is we want to make sure that if 
a customer has a question that we can answer it in a way that gives them confidence to go ahead and complete their 
return. And we've experimented with a lot of things, and we're going to continue to be able to get you access to an 
expert. That's what CPA Select is designed to do. But as we dug deeper and learned some of the lessons and quite 
frankly some of the mistakes that we made in the past, one of the things we realized is customers really don't want to 
have a question in the first place. So this year by simplifying the product, stripping out questions that have absolutely 
nothing to do with your tax experience, we were able to reduce the number of questions or customers calling in about 
24%. That's a big number, one out of four questions basically erased because the product was simpler. 

The second thing the team did is they redesigned help. And think of it like Amazon's Mayday button. Instead of having 
six or seven different places to go get help, there was one universal place. And when you logged in, you could even get 
your answer through Live Community from some other user. You could get it from one of the experts who moderates 
that form, or you could get it in products or you could click a button and call one of our agents. And because that was 
all in one place, we saw a lot of people getting the answer without needing to make a phone call to an expert or even to 
one of our call centers. And so just a better help experience being inspired by other great companies like Amazon 
helped us re-imagine that. 

We will continue to have access to experts. It won't be as human intensive as it was a couple years ago because of some 
of the insights I just shared. But I do think you'll see us with CPA Select continue to say look, if you do want to have a 
pro look at it, then we'll get you to a pro who can help you through that experience. 

I'll shift now to ACA. The big piece here for us is we've been pretty clear all along, but this is an important thing to 
make sure we can help customers understand, then understand the implications for them, do they qualify for a subsidy 
or do they owe a penalty, and then from there to be able to take action on that insight, either help them file their tax 
return or connect them to our partner to help them buy insurance. This year we had about 900,000 visitors to TurboTax 
Health. We had a very high Net Promoter Score on that experience. But we still fundamentally believe based upon the 
experience that we've seeing through our own customers as well as what happened in Massachusetts years ago when 


this was implemented that this will not drive behavior shifts from one tax prep method to another if the tax prep 
company is doing their job. And our job is to demystify Affordable Care, to answer your questions, to help you take 
action on that insight, and basically help you to the process. And we are fully prepared and we're continuing to ramp up 
so we'll be ready again next season. 

<Q - Scott A. Schneeberger>: Hey, thanks for the color. 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Okay. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from David Togut from Evercore. Your line is open. Please go ahead. 

<Q - David M. Togut>: Thank you and good afternoon. 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Hi, David. 

<Q - David M. Togut>: Brad, could you update us on the timing of your launch for QBO Online for manufacturers, 
the new version that will have inventory capability? 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Thanks, David. Today, we have partners that you can link to, including the one that we just 
made an official member of the family. We just made the acquisition of Lettuce. So Lettuce's inventory capability has 
worked with QuickBooks Online through APIs. And so today a manufacturer can use QuickBooks Online and then sign 
up for a third-party app and be able to solve his problems. 

Of course, we just announced the acquisition. Our goal is between now and over the next four to five months we'll get 
that fully integrated in so it's more seamless experience. And then hopefully you'll see that come out as just a part of 
core piece of QuickBooks Online. But today you can get that problem solved through a third-party app. But as we 
integrate Lettuce into our QBO product platform, you'll see that become more seamless over the next four to five 
months. 

<Q - David M. Togut>: I see, thank you very much. 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: All right, thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Tim Willi from Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Timothy W. Willi>: Thank you and good afternoon. I wanted to ask a question about Payments and then a 
follow-up on Payroll if I could. So just on Payments and the integration talk about with QuickBooks, obviously this 
integrated sales approach has gotten a lot more attention as of late with Vantiv buying Mercury and just a general 
cyclical opportunity there. Could you talk about your integration, not only with QuickBooks, but how do you think 
about Payments with the actual hardware and developer community outside of Intuit? And then to what the degree 
investments around vertical-specific strategies or customer service might still yet could be quantified, if in fact that's 
something you think you may have to do? 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Okay, Tim, we'll take a stab at this, and let me know if there's any particular areas you want to 
drill deeper on. So I'll start with Payments and you can get to Payroll in a minute. So the first thing that we recognized 
is it's not sufficient to cross-sell a product to a customer in accounting and think you're going to get a lot of adoption. It 
actually has to be at that moment of truth. When they're accepting a payment and they're logging it into QuickBooks, 
you want to make it frictionless for them just to accept that payment electronically. And so we have done a really 
serious job again with our data scientists to say where are those moments of truth when you're in the workflow, where 
it's natural to have an ability to go ahead and accept the payment. And that deeper integration is helping us drive the 


attach rate up in the new QuickBooks Online. 

The second thing we've done is because we know something about you already as a customer, instead of taking you 
through a credit app and then screening you to say are we going to give you access to credit or not, we're prequalifying 
you in the background. So there's no friction now where we have to stop you and then do a check on you to say hey, are 
we going to let you sign up for credit or not. So that's reduced a lot of friction in the activation and the basic signup 
process. 

The second thing we mentioned a little earlier is we reduced the friction of price. We now know that it's important to 
give customers just a limited set of options. One is don't pay anything, just on a per-transaction basis. The other is if 
you think you're a high-volume processor, pay a low monthly fee and then pay a lower transaction, and either one of 
those give you a good price/value relationship. 

The third piece is the piece that you were asking about with partners. One of the very strategic decisions we made with 
the new QuickBooks Online is to be an open platform. Our primary focus strategically is on service-based businesses. 
Businesses that generate invoices and then wait 48 days on average to get paid. And what we're doing is putting our 
payments capability into QuickBooks to basically make this an electronic invoice and an electronic payment in a matter 
of days and get the cash flow much stronger for small businesses. 

Now there are a lot of other payments companies that are focused on retailers and restaurants where there is a physical 
point-of-sale presence. And while we have one of our own products there, we've also opened up our APIs to Square, to 
American Express, and to others to say look, if they have really good compelling products and hardware, we want that 
to work with QuickBooks as well. And so we have opened up our platform to complement our own strategy so that 
small businesses can accept payments any way they want, and we can sign the right commercial agreement to make 
that friction go away for the small business and to help us grow our franchise as well. So I know there is a lot in there, 
but hopefully I touched on the three or four major buckets you were looking for in Payments. Did I miss anything? 

<Q - Timothy W. Willi>: No, that's a good starting point. I'll follow up with Matt afterwards to go into a bit more 
detail. And then just on Payroll, I apologize if this was asked, but just thoughts around the cloud payroll environment. 
We've obviously had some visible IPOs around cloud-based companies and just your thoughts around what those 
companies are targeting in the payroll and HR space versus how you think about your offerings and your installed base 
for new customer acquisition, if you will? 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Yes, I sure can. Payroll continues to be a very exciting space, especially as you transition to the 
cloud. Having been in the industry for half a dozen years before I came to this company 11 years ago, one reality about 
payroll in the small business space is the average number of people who switch the payroll decision is mid-single digits 
every year. And so the real key is are you there at that moment where they've either had an issue, they've had a tracer or 
an inquiry from the IRS, or they've hired the first employee. Can you actually capitalize on that moment? And that's 
where having QuickBooks as our distribution channel gives us a very strong competitive advantage because we can see 
when they add an employee in QuickBooks. And then as a result, we can sign them up with an in-product message and 
our cost of acquisition is almost zero. But most importantly, we're there at that moment of truth to get them a solution 
immediately so they can cut a check. 

Our online version of Payroll this quarter grew 23%. It continues to accelerate and we continue to see strong growth 
quarter over quarter. and that in conjunction with the ecosystem of QuickBooks we think gives us a durable 
competitive advantage because it's not a standalone decision. It's already in the customer's office and we can see when 
they add an employee, and we don't have to send a salesperson. We don't have to do an online ad. We don't have to do a 
banner ad. We literally just enable the payroll right there and get the customer up and running. 

<Q - Timothy W. Willi>: Great, thank you very much. Very helpful. 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Okay. 

Operator 


Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Millman from Millman Research Associates. Your line is open. 
Please go ahead. 

<Q - Michael Millman>: Thank you. You talked a little bit about Lettuce. I was wondering if on those bunch of 
acquisitions you've made if there's any you might consider that will become potential blockbusters as you combine 
them. And secondly, you talked at least about one of the acquisitions helping the Tax. Have there been other 
acquisitions, either standalone or acquisitions related to the QuickBooks business end that have also helped the Tax 
business? Thank you. 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Thank you, Michael, a couple things here. First of all, we're really excited about each of these 
half dozen that we mentioned. As you've seen, our pattern tends to be to look for talent and technology that either helps 
us round out a feature set up like Lettuce does with inventory for QuickBooks or help us accelerate our strategic 
direction around things like data science with Level Up. And the acquisition you're referring to here around Tax was a 
basically a product that enables us to pull in PDFs and then electronically translate that into something we can import 
into a tax return, so the consumer doesn't have to key in the information themselves. That's all part of our vision of 
moving from never enter data twice to never enter data at all, where what we call in Tax, taxes are done, basically 
reducing the friction that's required to key information in. 

Is there a blockbuster here? Boy, I hope so. The good news is we're excited about all of them, but we've got to 
demonstrate that it's going to change the trajectory of the company. But I have to say I really love the fact that we've 
got a lot of momentum and a strong pipeline. And these aren't bet the farm kinds of acquisitions in terms of their size, 
but they're adding extremely important capability around technology and talent that we're already starting to see an 
impact on the business overall. 

<Q - Michael Millman>: Great. Thanks, Brad. 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: All right, thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. And our final question comes from [ph] James Botham from Center Investment Group (52:45). Your line is 
open. Please go ahead. 

<Q>: Hi, thanks for taking my question. In terms of the competitive landscape, to what extent are you seeing zero gain 
share overall in the U.S.? And then Sage in Europe, to what extent do you feel like you're competing effectively against 
Sage? It seems they've had an extremely difficult time making the transition to the cloud, and I'm wondering if they're 
even much of a relevant competitive threat to you outside of maybe the UK. 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: [ph] James (53:34), it's good to have you on the call. And I'll start with competition overall. I 
think it's a good matter of practice to respect your competition, to understand what they're doing, and to be very clear 
about how you're deferred and how you plan to win. And so just to put that out there, we have a respect for all of our 
competitors. At the same time, we have a lot of confidence that if we play our A game, we continue to be the market 
leader and we plan to do that. 

In the case of zero, it's hard to know how many customers they have right now. They're reporting their numbers, and so 
I'll let them do that. We see tens of thousands of customers in the U.S. right now and it's early days for them by their 
own admission. Just to put that into context, we added 63,000 net customers this past quarter alone. And so the size of 
our business in the U.S. compared to theirs or the fact that we're accelerating globally from 90% growth last quarter to 
130% gives us confidence that if we continue to get the product right for the local markets and we continue to our 
relationship with accountants that we've got game. And we're very excited about that. Competition makes everybody 
better. 

In the case of Sage, I think what you're talking about is an incumbent who has happened to make the move to the cloud. 
The good news for us is, we began that journey in the late 1990s. We've had a online version of TurboTax, of 


QuickBooks, our Payroll businesses. And so we've continued to re-factor our technology and add smart acquisitions 
along the way. And I think that we're up on our toes. I think Sage clearly has a new version of online. The question will 
be whether or not they can move fast enough with the new players coming into the market to compete. But again, I 
respect them and I wish them well, but our goal is to put few more points on the board than they do. 

<Q>: And then just lastly with regard to Sage, I know they've had very little success in the cloud outside of the UK. 
But to what extent are you feeling like you're gaining share with them against them in Europe or in the UK in both the 
SMB market and then anything on the accounting focused market? 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: I would tell you that we're focused primarily in the UK and Europe, as you know and you just 
pointed out. Our acceleration of new customer acquisition and our signup of accountants in the UK is exceeding the 
forecast that we had put in place back in August. We updated the forecast again in January, and it's ahead of that again. 
So our momentum is building in the UK. In terms of whether that's coming at the expense of Sage or as new users, I 
don't have that level of information. We can talk more about that one when we get to Analyst Day. But I can tell you 
that right now our momentum in the UK is extremely encouraging. And clearly as the incumbent there, the real 
question is going to be are they going to be able to keep pace, and that's going to be up to them to answer. 

<Q>: Thanks for your time. 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. I'm showing no further questions at this time. Gentlemen, would you like to close with any additional 
remarks? 

Brad D. Smith 

Yes, Sayyid, just a couple questions. I want to thank everybody for the questions. We are pleased with the results this 
quarter. We're laser-focused on the opportunity ahead. I can tell you the energy level in the company is high. We love 
this momentum to the cloud. We fully appreciate that there is a current period tradeoff as we move from a one-time 
purchase to a 12-month subscription, but we love the long-term prospects and the fact that the lifetime value is higher. 
And we're going to continue to press forward to win this game in the cloud and we're looking forward to speaking to 
you again in the next quarter. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the call. You may all 
disconnect and have a wonderful day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2014, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


