Q4 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Matt Rhodes, Director of Investor Relations 
• Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• R. Neil Williams, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Scott Cook 
• Jerry Natoli 
Other Participants 

• Adam Holt 
• Brent Thill 
• Sara Friar 
• Scott Schneeberger 
• Gil Luria 
• Jeffrey Houston 
• Bryan Keane 
• Philip Rueppel 
• Peter Goldmacher 
• Jim Macdonald 
• Michael Millman 
• Ross MacMillan 
• Brad Sills 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon. My name is Patty, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time I would like to welcome 
everyone to the Intuit Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2010 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to 
prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator 
Instructions] 

With that, I'll now turn the call over to Matt Rhodes, Intuit's Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Rhodes? 

Matt Rhodes, Director of Investor Relations 

Thanks, Patty. Good afternoon and welcome to Intuit's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2010 Conference Call. I'm here 
with Brad Smith, our President and CEO, Neil Williams, our CFO, Scott Cook, our Founder, and Jerry Natoli, our VP 
of Finance. 

Before we get started, I'd like to remind everyone that our remarks will include forward-looking statements. There are a 
number of factors that could cause Intuit's results to differ materially from our expectations. You can learn more about 
these risks in the press release we issued earlier this afternoon, our Form 10-K for fiscal 2009, and our SEC filings. All 
of those documents are available on the Investor Relations page of Intuit's website at intuit.com. We assume no 


obligation to update any forward-looking statement. 

Some of the numbers in this report are presented on a non-GAAP basis. We've reconciled the comparable GAAP to 
non-GAAP numbers in today's press release. Note also that our Real Estate Solutions business, which we sold in 
January 2010, is accounted for as a discontinued operation. 

The net operating results of this business appear on the discontinued operations line. These results are excluded from 
the operational results, operational guidance figures, and non-GAAP EPS for all periods presented. GAAP EPS 
includes the gain on the sale of our Real Estate Solutions business. 

A copy of our prepared remarks and supplemental financial information will be available on our website after this call 
ends. 

With that, I'll turn the call over to Brad Smith. 

Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Matt. Welcome to the speaking team. I want to thank all of you for joining us this afternoon as well. We just 
completed another strong quarter, and it capped off a great fiscal year. Our results continue to demonstrate that our 
strategy is working and our execution is on track. 

In fiscal 2010, we delivered 11% revenue growth and 16% non-GAAP EPS growth in what remains a challenging 
macro environment. We expanded our non-GAAP operating margin by 190 basis points and for the first time generated 
more than $1 billion in annual non-GAAP operating income. We're pleased with our financial performance, and we've 
built positive momentum as we're heading into fiscal 2011. 

Let me begin by sharing my perspective on the fourth quarter and the fiscal year. Over the past several years, we've 
been on a journey to become a world-class connected services company. We've made significant progress in many 
areas, but there've been some bumps along the way. Some of our customers were affected by datacenter outages in the 
past two months. These outages are simply not acceptable for a company of our caliber and our ambition. They 
inconvenienced our customers and, frankly, they embarrassed Intuit and my leadership team. 

We take this very seriously, and we have taken great strides to support our customers, regain their trust and make them 
whole for the down time. While the financial impact to Intuit is immaterial, the potential impact on customer 
confidence is not. We've learned from these outages and the work to restore customer confidence continues. But I don't 
want us to lose sight of an important fact. Intuit has been delivering connected services for many, many years. And we 
know what it takes to deliver highly available and robust online solutions. 

Our online banking business and our tax e-filing capabilities are already highly available, and we're working to get all 
of our applications up to the standards our customers expect and deserve. 

We're accelerating investments in areas like product development and infrastructure to provide the highest quality 
experience for our customers. And we're consolidating our datacenters to move all of our connected services into 
state-of-the-art facilities. Look, we know what to do. We know how to do it. We simply need to get it done. And we 
will. 

Now let me turn to our financial performance. As I said earlier, the results we're sharing today demonstrate excellent 
execution against our three-point strategy, which is first, driving growth in our core businesses; second, building 
adjacent businesses and entering new geographies; and third, accelerating our transition to connected services. 

And here are some highlights in each of the areas. First, in driving growth in our core businesses. We had an excellent 
year in Consumer Tax. We continued to grow the software and online category, and we improved our share for both 
TurboTax Desktop and TurboTax Online. We're winning by delivering superior ease of use at a better value than any 
other alternative. 


Our leadership position in the digital do-it-yourself category is in the sweet spot for future tax preparation growth. Now 
with that said, we have plenty of things we can do to take our game to the next level. 

We'll provide more insights into what we learned this past tax season and about the specific actions we're putting in 
place for the upcoming tax year at our Investor Day in September. But let me say this. We expect another strong year in 
fiscal year '11. In small business we delivered double-digit revenue growth in the back half of fiscal 2010 and revenue 
growth of 9% for the full year. New QuickBooks customers grew double-digits year-over-year in fiscal 2010, and we 
continue to acquire new customers through the new front doors like online payroll, payments, and websites. Hey, and 
we're also growing revenue per customer in QuickBooks. 

In our Financial Services business, we grew our user base and we have continued to build momentum. In the fourth 
quarter we completed the conversion of one of the largest financial institutions that we've ever signed, and we're 
pleased with the continued growth of our core business. 

The second focus area of our strategy, building adjacent businesses and entering new geographies, is also building up 
steam. The Intuit website's customer base grew 80% in the fourth quarter. We now have over 320,000 paying 
subscribers. 

We're also acquiring new customers at a lower cost than expected. This reflects improved yield from our marketing 
efforts. And we're doing this while producing great results for the small businesses that we're serving by helping them 
develop a professional and productive online presence. 

The integration of Medfusion, that's the healthcare communications portal we acquired in May, is in full swing, and 
we're adding new providers at a healthy clip. The Medfusion leadership team is now responsible for our newly formed 
Intuit health business, which is headquartered in the research triangle in Cary, North Carolina. This is a great business, 
and it's already been growing fast due to the increasing adoption of electronic health records. 

We believe performance will only accelerate as a result of the recently finalized federal guidelines that sought to define 
the qualifications required for meaningful use of electronic health records, and it actually reinforces the importance of 
providers offering a patient portal like Medfusion in order to qualify for these stimulus funds. 

We're really excited about the potential for this business and the potential it has to not only expand, but also the 
cross-sell opportunities it'll offer going forward. But we have work to do to make it a reality. 

And on our global efforts front, we remain on track and we're seeing good growth in our Canada and our U.K. 
businesses. We're also continuing to see positive progress with our products and our tests in the emerging markets. 

Finally, the third part of our strategy is accelerating the transition to connected services. We continue to benefit from 
the secular market shift toward the adoption of digital services. Today Intuit is providing connected services to millions 
of customers. 1 million of our small business customers use our recurring revenue products. More than 13 million 
TurboTax Online customers and close to 10 million Online Banking customers also use our connected services. 

In fiscal year '10, roughly 60% of our revenue came from connected services, and that revenue grew 18% versus the 
prior year. The growth is being driven by outstanding customer acceptance across the board. Here's a few examples. 
QuickBooks Online, where we now have over 200,000 subscribers, is up 37% from last year. TurboTax Online – as 
you know, the units increased 19% this year and now represent 70% of our total consumer tax units. 

And Mint.com more than doubled its user base in fiscal year '10 to over 3 million users. And they recently introduced a 
new exciting feature that will help users achieve their personal savings goals. As you can tell I'm pretty encouraged by 
how well we're executing our connected services strategy. But I'm also proud of the way our leaders and our teams 
have come together to ensure that we're delivering great solutions and value to our customers. 

Now let me turn it over to Neil to walk you through our business results and the fiscal 2011 guidance in more detail. 

R. Neil Williams, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Brad. Let's start with total company performance for fiscal year 2010. Our financial results were revenue of 3.5 
billion, up 11% on a year-over-year basis; on an organic basis our revenue growth was 10%; non-GAAP operating 
income of 1.1 billion, up 18%, and non-GAAP diluted EPS of $2.11, up 16%; GAAP operating income of $863 
million, 26% above last year, and GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.77, up 31%. 

Growth in our GAAP earnings is higher than non-GAAP because amortization of acquired intangible assets and 
non-cash stock compensation, which are classified as GAAP only, are growing slower than revenue. GAAP net income 
and EPS also benefited from the $35 million gain on the sale of our Real Estate Solutions business in January of 2010. 

Fourth quarter results were revenue of $537 million, up 18% year-over-year. Our non-GAAP operating expenses grew 
only 7%, so we generated significant operating leverage in the quarter, which led to a non-GAAP operating loss of $9 
million, versus a loss of $53 million in the prior year. Non-GAAP loss of $0.05 per share versus a loss of $0.10 per 
share in the same quarter last year. 

Turning to the business segments, total Small Business Group revenue grew 9% for the year and 16% for the quarter. 
Within Small Business, Financial Management Solutions revenue grew 6% for the year and 18% for the quarter, 
finishing strong on solid growth in QuickBooks and websites. 

We continue to see strong demand for QuickBooks Online, and we grew QuickBooks Desktop revenue despite units 
being down slightly. Employee Management Solutions revenue grew 15% for the year and 25% for the quarter. 

Without PayCycle, the Employee Management Revenue would have grown 6% for the year and 15% for the quarter. 
Our customer base grew 1% for the year to more than 1.1 million customers. We're pleased with the continued strong 
performance of this business, particularly the online portion. 

We're implementing initiatives to grow the total customer base faster in fiscal 2011, and we'll talk more about these 
plans at Investor Day in September. Payment Solutions revenue grew 8% for the year and 5% for the quarter. 

Charge volume per merchant was down 3% this quarter and down 4 points sequentially, which explains why growth 
slowed a bit from the third quarter. We find that charge volume per merchant is highly correlated with GDP growth, 
which has slowed recently, as you know. We continue to add merchants at a double-digit rate and grew merchant 
account customers by 17% in fiscal 2010. We'll be well positioned when charge volume picks up. 

Our Consumer Tax business had an excellent year. We executed well and took share online and from tax stores in a 
season where filers were down for the second consecutive year. I'd like to point out a change we made that affects our 
reported results beginning this quarter. 

In the first three quarters of fiscal 2010, we reported the revenue for TurboTax for Online Banking in our Financial 
Services segment. We've decided it's clearer to include that revenue with the rest of Consumer Tax even though it's 
enabled by the financial services channel. 

The fact sheet that we published today reflects this change. It shows that we've reclassified approximately $2 million of 
revenue from Financial Services to Consumer Tax in the second quarter of fiscal 2010 and $9 million of revenue in the 
third quarter. As a result, the second and third quarters of FY'10 are different than we originally reported. Including this 
reclassification, Consumer Tax revenue grew 15% for the year. Unit growth is not affected by this change and was 
11%. 

Our Accounting Professionals segment revenue grew 6%for the year. The tax season was in line with our expectations 
and we're focused on improving accountants' productivity and growth with our tax and accounting flagship products 
and our new SaaS-based offerings. 

Prior to the reclassification mentioned above, Financial Services revenue grew 10% for the year. With the 
reclassification of TurboTax for Online Banking, Financial Services grew 7% for the year and 4% for the quarter. 

The core Financial Services business is healthy. We grew Internet banking users 9% for the year and bill pay users 
grew 18%, partially offsetting some of the pricing pressure we've seen. 


We continue to deliver for our Financial Services customers and are focused on helping those who use our solutions 
improve their profit per customer. We're seeing good adoption of FinanceWorks, with more than 550 institutions 
offering our personal and small business financial management offerings. One final note on this segment. We sold our 
consumer lending business this quarter, which will take approximately two points of growth out of Financial Services 
revenue growth in fiscal 2011. 

Other Businesses revenue grew 22% for the year and 46% for the quarter. Quicken had an excellent year, with 
double-digit revenue growth. Mint also continued to grow its customer base rapidly and added innovative new features. 
We had a good year in Canada and the U.K., and our Other Businesses revenue growth benefited from favorable 
currency impacts of nearly 7 points of growth for the year and approximately 4 points for the fourth quarter. 

Turning to our balance sheet, sound financial principles support our strategy and objectives, enabling disciplined and 
thoughtful investment for growth. Over the long term we expect double-digit organic revenue growth and revenue 
growth that exceeds expense growth at the total company level. 

We generated free cash flow of $868 million in fiscal 2010, up 38% year-over-year. We expect to carry about $500 
million of cash on our balance sheet, net of total debt. This cash balance could vary up or down during the year 
depending on seasonality and expected cash flow needs. 

We always seek to deploy the cash we generate to the highest yield opportunities, and we target risk-adjusted returns of 
15 to 20%. We evaluate the investment opportunities within our capital allocation framework. We first look internally 
for growth investments, which may include R&D, marketing, and infrastructure. We then consider strategic 
acquisitions and partnerships, and beyond that we'll return cash to shareholders, typically in the form of a share 
repurchase. We repurchased 150 million in shares in the fourth quarter, bringing total repurchases to 900 million for 
fiscal 2010. Our board approved a new $2 billion stock repurchase program that's valid for three years. As you can see 
from the share count guidance on the fact sheet, we're planning to use about half of that authorization in fiscal 2011. 

Now moving on to our guidance, our projections reflect confidence in our current business trajectory, but our ranges 
acknowledge the ongoing uncertainty in the economy. Our businesses are resilient and finished a mixed economic year 
on a very high note. But we, like many other companies in the current environment, aren't seeing all indicators flashing 
green just yet. 

Our fiscal 2011 guidance is revenue of 3.74 billion to 3.84 billion, which is annual growth of 8 to 11%, GAAP 
operating income of 980 million to 1.015 billion, which is annual growth of 14 to 18%, GAAP diluted EPS of $1.88 to 
$1.95 or growth of 6 to 10%. Note here that the GAAP EPS growth rates are about 7 points higher when the gain from 
the sale of discontinued operations is excluded from the FY'10 GAAP results. 

Non-GAAP operating income of 1.215 billion to 1.25 billion, which is annual growth of 11 to 14%, non-GAAP diluted 
EPS of 2.36 to $2.43, which is annual growth of 12 to 15%, and capital expenditures of about $160 million. Our GAAP 
tax rate for 2011 is forecasted to be 36% versus 34% in fiscal 2010. We expect the following revenue growth by 
segment. Small Business group, eight to 12%, Consumer Tax 10 to 13%, Accounting Professionals 4 to 7%, Financial 
Services 4 to 7%, and Other Businesses 11 to 16%. 

For the first quarter of fiscal 2011 we expect revenue of 515 million to 525 million, or growth of 9 to 11% versus the 
year-ago quarter; a non-GAAP operating loss of 50 to $60 million versus a loss of $40 million in the year-ago quarter. 
This translates to a net loss per share of $0.11 to $0.13 versus a loss of $0.10 per share a year ago; a GAAP operating 
loss of 100 million to 110 million that translates to a net loss per share of $0.23 to $0.25 versus a loss of $0.21 per share 
in the year-ago quarter. Note that the increased loss is primarily driven by the inclusion of Medfusion and Mint in the 
expected Q1 2011 results. 

And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Brad. 

Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer 


Thanks, Neil. That was a lot to cover, and you did a nice job. We're clearly pleased with our financial performance in 
fiscal year '10 and we remain very confident in our strategy and the momentum we've built as we head into fiscal year 
'11. 

As we showed in this past year, we're growing our categories, we're increasing our share, we're accelerating our 
customer growth and we're improving our revenue per customer, all while delivering good top line and bottom line 
performance. We believe we have a clear strategy. We have strong market positions and the right talent to continue to 
accelerate these results as we look ahead. While doing this, we're redoubling our focus on our connected services 
execution and addressing any process and technology issues with decisive action and support for our customers. 

The next phase of growth for Intuit is being driven by this clear market shift to digital, or what we call connected 
services. Intuit is perfectly positioned for this shift, and as you can see we are making strong progress in building the 
next phase of this company's growth on our market leading Software as a Service offerings. 

The outlook we've provided today represents year one of our three-year plan. While we're not giving specific guidance 
beyond fiscal 2011 today, I will tell you that our three-year plan calls for steady acceleration of revenue growth and 
ongoing margin expansion. And I don't make this statement lightly. My management team and I believe in our 
three-year plan. In fact, our executive compensation is set so a significant portion of our long-term comp is dependent 
on us achieving our three-year plan. We believe the goals of Intuit's management and our shareholders have never been 
better aligned, and we look forward to executing against our plan and continuing to create long-term value. 

I'm also looking forward to seeing everyone at our Investor Day on September 22 here at our Mountain View 
headquarters, where we'll share more details around our businesses. But for now, Patty, I'd like to turn it back over to 
you to open it up for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Heather Bellini of ISI Group. 

<Q>: Hi, guys. This is Brian [inaudible] on for Heather Bellini. Looking at your fiscal '11 guidance for the SMB 
segment, that's come in a little better than one might have expected given the, I guess, that uncertainty has crept back 
into that general segment of the economy. Can you talk about where you're seeing improved market conditions there 
that gives you confidence in that guidance? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Brian, hi, it's Brad. I would first say that the 
uncertainty in the market hasn't changed, but our ability to execute and the reality that small businesses need the kinds 
of products and services that we provide remains consistent. So if you saw this year it was a pretty tough year for small 
businesses, and yet we were able to grow our small business franchise, whether it was the QuickBooks, financial 
management solutions, or payroll and payments, at a healthy clip. 

So we think we have a good product, and it's going to be even better with this year's release. We're getting favorable 
improvement in our ASP and our mix, and we're also being wiser about our resource allocation. And when you put that 
together, we think we can execute even in a tough environment to deliver the kind of guidance that we've put out there. 

<Q>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Adam Holt of Morgan Stanley. 


<Q - Adam Holt>: Great. Thank you, and congratulations on the quarter and the year end. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Adam. 

<Q - Adam Holt>: I had two questions about the financial management solutions. As you noted in your comments, 
you had pretty good – or much better revenue growth in the quarter relative to unit growth. Could you talk a little bit 
about what's happening with ASPs and what you think the outlook is there? 

And then secondly, it sounds like you had double-digit new customer growth in QuickBooks. Do you think that's 
sustainable into next year? What – how should we be thinking about new customer growth heading into next year? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. Thanks, Adam. Great question. Two parts here, I'll 
start with the SMS ASP. What's driving the average selling price up in QuickBooks, as you know we [inaudible] for 
lifetime value, but we are seeing benefits in two areas. We've gotten much smarter about our discounting in a slow 
economy, and we're now using more of a rifle approach than a shotgun approach. We're able to get the kinds of units 
that we're looking to get, but we we're also able to build more value into the product and customers are willing to pay 
for that value. 

The other part is we're getting favorable mix. There are parts of the QuickBooks product line, particularly QuickBooks 
Online and QuickBooks Enterprise, which are growing at very strong double-digit unit growth rates, and they carry 
with them higher ASPs. And so that's what's driving the overall ASP favorability in QuickBooks, and we think that will 
continue into fiscal year '11. 

In terms of the new user growth, as you know we typically get about two-thirds of our units from upgraders and 
one-third from new users. Our upgraders were pretty much on track as we had planned this year, but we've seen 
double-digit new user growth, and it's primarily for two reasons. QuickBooks Online is doing an excellent job of 
getting new customers into the franchise, and so that's driving new user growth. And then the other piece is we're 
opening new front doors into the franchise through our Intuit websites, and so they're actually coming into Intuit's 
family through the website, and then buying other products and services. So it's a combination of those two things that 
are growing the new user growth. 

<Q - Adam Holt>: If I could just ask a quick follow-up on the FI business. It looked like you had really good 
sequential improvement in both bill pay and Internet banking, but revenue was flat sequentially. I know there was some 
puts and takes there on the, maybe a restatement, but I just want to make sure I understand, is that just a lag effect in 
terms of how that should flow through? Or is there anything else that impacted that sequential revenue in the quarter? 
Thank you. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, there are a couple moving parts there, and I'll ask 
Neil to jump in on this as well. One, as you know, was we did re-class some of the revenue and so you've got that 
TurboTax Online Banking from Q3 to Q4, it gives you the optic of a slowdown. The second thing you have is we have 
sold our lending business, and that equates to a couple points of growth. The other thing is last year in Q4 we had some 
one-time good guys in the form of termination fees or some minimum guarantees we have with partners that we had to 
grow over, so the year-over-year compare looks like it's a little weaker than the actual core business is. 

We continue to see strong online banking adoption, up 9%, and the – or the bill pay user growth up 18%. So overall we 
think the business is healthy. You just have some optics playing in that compare. 

<Q - Adam Holt>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Brent Thill of UBS. 

<Q - Brent Thill>: Thanks. Nice job. Brad, just in terms of your guidance for fiscal '11, you obviously have given 
pretty respectable growth rates, versus what last year you came into the year a little more cautious. Can you just give us 


a sense, I know you mentioned ASPs and the mix, but is there anything else that's given you the confidence to start out 
the year at this rate? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Brent, I appreciate the question, and I'll tell you 
what we are confident in. We're confident in three things. One is, there truly is a structural shift in the market. We're 
seeing customers move away from paper-based and bricks and mortar kind of services into digital services, and that 
plays very nicely to all of our businesses, and it's fueling growth in all of our categories. 

The second is, our products are pretty resilient, even in a tough time. Customers need the kind of products that we 
offer. It helps them save and make money. So even if the economy continues to be shaky we think we can execute well. 

And third, we're getting smarter. We haven't gotten everything right in this downturn but the more time goes by, the 
better we get at discounting and how to have a promotion and how to get a customer into the franchise. 

So that's why I would put around our guidance in terms of why we're confident, it's not that we see an economic 
forecast that's going to get better any time soon. We still have the same view that many have. It's going to be a slow, 
sluggish recovery, but we think we can execute and deliver the kinds of guidance we've put out there. 

<Q - Brent Thill>: Okay. And just a quick follow-up from your initial comment on the consolidation of your DCs, 
how long do you expect that's going to take, and is there any risk as you consolidate these datacenters? What is your 
goal for datacenters, and how should we think about that transition? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. So we came into this past fiscal year with roughly 
28, 29 datacenters, and the reason why I say roughly is any time we buy a new company like Medfusion we typically 
get another datacenter. 

We've managed to shut down a dozen of those this past 12 months. We're on a path over the next three years to get that 
down into a handful, and these handful of datacenters – one, of course, we have in Quincy, Washington is one we've 
owned. We've also co-located with other world-class companies. An example is a new site we just moved into in 
Vegas. And so think of it as a 36-month transition, but we'll continue to do that in a thoughtful way, and we'll move 
into fewer datacenters over that three-year period. 

<Q - Brent Thill>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Sara Friar of Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Sara Friar>: Perfect. Thanks so much for taking my question. Just on the payroll side, can you give us any sort 
of update as to what percentage of your QuickBooks customer base is now using some of your payments and payroll 
solutions? And then competitively, are you starting to see some displacements away from folks like a Paychex or even 
an ADP, or is this still more of a Greenfield market for you guys? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. Hi, Sara. The number in terms of QuickBooks is 
still roughly 1.1 million out of the 2.5 million who have payroll are using our service, so about 40%. We still see that as 
a tremendous opportunity to continue to grow in the QuickBooks base, but we love the introduction of our online 
payroll product when we bought PayCycle because it opens us up to another 7.5 million small businesses, who have 
payroll but don't use QuickBooks. But right now inside of QuickBooks, it's about 40% penetration. 

In terms of where we're getting growth it's a combination of people who are new to payroll for the first time. That's 
about half, if you would. And the other half are actually coming from other alternative solutions, like ADP and 
Paychex. And the truth is when you've got an offer like ours that's out there for about a third the price of what you pay 
one of these outsourced services, many small businesses, especially when times are tough, think it's better just to go 


ahead and take a little bit of the burden on and get an accurate payroll done at a third of the price. So we are seeing 
some disruption from those players. 

<Q - Sara Friar>: Right. I would think with the SaaS offering that's a real differentiator. And then just on the 
backdrop, I think you've been asked a little bit in the very beginning your first question, but we always look into it as a 
great kind of view on what's going on for small businesses. Do you think your performance is more competitive 
displacements, the fact that you've got new things in SaaS, for example, coming, or does it feel like the environment's 
getting a little bit better, at least for SMBs, right now? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, I think it's more of the execution and better 
products and us getting a little wiser in terms of how we go to market. I'll give you a couple of indicators as to why I 
can't point to any real stability in the economic environment. You saw our charge volume per merchant's down 3% in 
the fourth quarter. That's a four-point decline sequentially from Q3. 

As you know we also publish our own small business employment index using the data we have of small businesses to 
see if they're hiring. And in the month of July, the employment went up about two tenths of a percent. That annualizes 
out to about 2.4% for the year, so there's not a lot of robust hiring going on in the small business sector. So with all that 
being said they still have to find a way to save and make money, and so the products and services we have, we have 
plenty of opportunity to continue to penetrate and grow the business. Unfortunately, I'm not getting a lot of help from 
the economy right now. 

<Q - Sara Friar>: Yeah, and I think that's fair. Thanks very much for the color. Appreciate it. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. 

<Q - Scott Schneeberger>: Thanks. And nice work, guys. Brad, I'd like to start out, I'm most curious about this 
three-year plan. Sounds quite ambitious, accelerating growth year-over-year double digits. Is that all organic? Is that 
going to include acquisitions? And perhaps some international? Could you just enlighten us a little more, and are we 
going to hear more about this at Investor Day? Thanks. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Scott, I'd be happy to, and we're certainly going to 
go deeper at Investor Day. I would back up and say we've been pretty consistent for the last several years that we have 
a goal of growing our revenue organically double digits year-over-year. And then to grow our revenue faster than 
expense, so we get good operating leverage, and I think what you see in our three-year plan or what you hear us talking 
about today is consistent with those principles. 

We won't be giving three-year guidance at Investor Day, but what you will hear us talking about is how many points of 
growth we think we can get over the next three years out of our core businesses, how many points we expect out of 
these new adjacent businesses like healthcare and global, and what we think connected services overall is doing to kind 
of drive some juice into all the above. But net-net is, it's consistent with our financial principles, and I think this year 
we're able to demonstrate that it's doable, even in a tough environment. 

<Q - Scott Schneeberger>: Great. Thanks. Two more if I could on separate topics. I'll ask them both up front though. 
One, the debt indicator being removed for the professional tax preparers, I'm just curious how you think this may be an 
opportunity for you, and if you could give any deeper color on your refund transfer business. And then secondly, and 
separately, if you could just speak about the Quicken double-digit growth? Thank you. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, I'd be happy to, Scott. Let me start with the debt 
indicator in the Tax business. There's a reality above and beyond what's happening with refund anticipation loans. And 
if you go back and look at the IRS data, or the data we've shared for the last half dozen years, the software and online 
category's been growing 6 to 8%. Tax stores have been flat, and the CPA prepared has been in that 1 to 2% range. 


Consumers want to do things digitally, and that is driving the kind of growth that we're able to see in TurboTax and our 
online services. We've had alternative products offered by competitors, and you know we got out of the RAL business 
ourselves a half a dozen years ago. We're not in that business. 

And so this decision that's been made now certainly puts a little more headwind out there for some of these tax stores 
and people who offer these services, but that's just one piece of the equation that I think gives us a competitive 
advantage. The fact is that consumers want to file their taxes digitally. The second is refund transfer for us is a great 
alternative to a RAL and the customers like it. It's a great way for them to make their software purchase and then pay 
for that purchase out of their refund. 

And then thirdly, as long as we continue to build a better product and execute well I think you're going to continue to 
see us grow. So I do think that it's a piece of the pie but it's certainly not the biggest opportunity. I think the big 
category shift is what's really driving a lot of the opportunity. 

On Quicken two things going on there. One is, the Mint and Quicken team have done a wonderful job of integrating 
those two businesses. And we're making our Quicken products better and simpler, learning from Mint, but the second is 
we did get a tailwind from Microsoft Money making the decision to exit the market, and we worked collaboratively 
with them to actually help migrate their customers to Quicken, and that gave us a little tailwind in our Quicken business 
this year. 

So that's really what's driving the performance in Quicken overall. A better product with good focus and the tailwind of 
the Money customers moving over. 

<Q - Scott Schneeberger>: Great, thanks. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Mm hmm. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Gil Luria of Wedbush. 

<Q - Gil Luria>: Yes. Thank you for taking my question. First, a follow-up on that. You just discussed why a lot of the 
secular growth is coming from you taking away customers from the paid preparer segment. And then again it's well 
documented those guys are having issues. I think the IRS today came and went out with an announcement saying 
they're going to require everybody to register, which what I would assume would take some bad players out of there, 
reduce the supply, increase the cost, and maybe – so the question is, do you think those things will accelerate that shift 
from paid preparer to do-it-yourself software? Are you incorporating the fact that those things are happening to that 
category to your 10-13% guidance? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: You know, Gil, it's going to be hard to tell whether it'll 
accelerate or just continue to drive the momentum more to the online tax services. I would say that, yes, we have 
reflected all the above in our guidance for the year. We've been aware of the legislation. We've been a part of the 
conversations, and we anticipated this outcome. 

And because we weren't in the RAL business we didn't have a downside effect. We only saw it as potential [inaudible]. 
And so I do think it'll factor into the year, but you know really well this is a competitive environment. 

We've got competitors out there including some of our own services that are free, so we don't take anything for granted. 
We're going to have to keep our eye on the ball and execute well, but I do think this is going to be an opportunity for us 
to continue to take share, particularly from the tax stores. 

<Q - Gil Luria>: And then secondly on payroll, the employee management, it looks like the revenue went up a lot 
without being a lot of business formation, without you getting a lot of new customers. Is there particular places where 
you were – particular products where you were successful raising prices? Is this more selling up some of the new 


offerings in this segment? Which one of those was more helpful in getting that incremental increase? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Gil, I'm glad you asked the question, because there 
is a story behind the story in our fourth quarter payroll performance. We mentioned in the talking points up front, of the 
25% growth about 10 points of that was inorganic. That came from PayCycle, so you're down to about 15. 

We also had some goodness coming from the fact that when we made the acquisition of PayCycle we had some 
revenue that flows in that basically gives us another five points of compare favorability, so really the core growth in our 
payroll business was in the high single digits, which still compares very good compared to some of the other payroll 
providers in the market. 

But it wasn't a 25% growth in the quarter. Where we see opportunity if we look to next year is continuing to penetrate 
the existing QuickBooks space, also continuing to leverage the asset of PayCycle to go after those non-QuickBooks 
customers, and the fact that we have a disruptive alternative, compared to ADP and Paychex, that we think just 
continues to give us an opportunity to grow regardless of the economy. 

<Q - Gil Luria>: Got it, great. Thank you. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Laura Lederman of William Blair. 

<Q - Jeffrey Houston>: Hi, guys, this is Jeff Houston for Laura Lederman. First question, I wanted to talk a little bit 
about Mint. It's clearly has experienced a lot of user adoption. I think the base is now about 3 million. Could you talk a 
little bit about how you're planning to monetize that and what profitability level it could reach over a longer term? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Jeff. We aren't breaking Mint out specifically. It's 
a part of our Personal Financial Management group, which of course is a part of Consumer and includes TurboTax. But 
I'll give you a couple things that we would love to share with you today. First and foremost is this offering really 
resonates with a whole new generation of personal financial management customers. And so the fact we can double the 
customer base in 12 months and get to three million users and continue to see that grow is a great opportunity for us. 
Not only in the U.S., but potentially outside the U.S., globally. So you're going to hear us talk more about that at 
Investor Day, but we think Mint has legs beyond the United States. 

The second thing it has is it has the opportunity to work more effectively with some of our own products in the U.S. 
We have a wide integration this past year with TurboTax. We're also working with our Financial Services group to try 
to bring some of this goodness to our banking customers. And we're taking those algorithms, those ways-to-save 
recommendations from inside of Mint and we're starting to apply that in other businesses inside of our Intuit franchise 
as well. 

So if I had to put a bow around it, think about continued growth of the Mint business. The fact that we can take that 
also outside the U.S. We can apply that to other channels like our banking channel, and we'll start to take those 
ways-to-save recommendations and apply that data engine to other products as well. Those are all the revenue and 
profitability drivers that we see in the business case for Mint going forward. 

<A - Scott Cook>: And Jeff, this is Scott. Let me just pick up on one aspect of your question and add to Brad's answer. 
The Mint business, while it's free to the consumer, is monetized. Its monetization system is what you heard Brad 
mention. These ways-to-save recommendations that Mint users get from Mint are the lead gen for people who are 
supplying superior financial opportunities. And when the Mint customers then buy those superior financial 
opportunities recommended by Mint, that's lead gen revenue to the company. So it is a revenue-generating business and 
revenue per customer in a fashion which is quite nice for us. 

<Q - Jeffrey Houston>: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from Bryan Keane of Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Bryan Keane>: Hi, good afternoon. Just following up on the payroll question, you lost me a little bit there. 
Payroll clients look like it fell about 12,000 sequentially. So just interested in why that was. And then help me again, 
Brad, I got the 15%, but why does it go 15 down to high single-digits for organic growth? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, hey, Bryan. So let me start first with the customer 
base. And I'm going to ask Jerry Natoli and Neil to jump in here to help reconcile some of this data between what was 
PayCycle and some of the other pieces. 

So what we've been doing inside of payroll is, in addition to acquiring new customers, we've shut down our Fire 
platform that we had built, our own online payroll platform, and we've been migrating those customers over to 
PayCycle. Any time you put customers through a transition you're going to have some attrition. The good news is it has 
not been as aggressive attrition as we thought. We actually have retained more of the customers, but that's had some 
impact over the sequential customer base from quarter to quarter. 

In terms of the reconciliation, I'll ask Neil or Jerry to jump in and explain the delta between what was PayCycle and 
then what basically gets us down to the high single digits. 

<A - R. Neil Williams, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. Sure, Bryan, this is Neil. And just 
on the user point, Scott brings up a good point here too, is that we have been consolidating some of the old legacy 
product lines and converting customers over. It's small numbers but it might account for some of the movement you see 
from Q3 to Q4. Again, the attrition is much less than we had expected or than we had planned. 

In terms of reconciling the math, as Brad mentioned we start out with 25%, if you take out the component related to 
PayCycle joining, it gets us down to 15%. We basically had about – if you look at the trailing run rate for PayCycle, it 
was about $25 million, roughly, prior to their joining Intuit. And so you take that into consideration and you also 
consider a few relatively minor to the company but a few points of growth to the segment. One-time events we had last 
year in the quarter gets you down to the high single digits in terms of a run rate that you would see going into 2011. 
Again, the big growth for us has been the online category, and we're working on the desktop category, frankly. 

<Q - Bryan Keane>: Okay. No, that helps. And then just on the QuickBooks division, it's obviously benefiting from 
the shut-off of Simple Start, and then you're getting a mix shift that's driving a higher ASP. So I guess for modeling 
purposes, the 16 and 18% growth rates we've seen in the third and fourth quarter, I assume that continues for the first 
and second quarters as that mix shift continues, but the third and fourth quarter of next fiscal year I assume we should 
see a deceleration in those growth rates in QuickBooks. Is that right? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. You know, Bryan, we provide guidance at the 
segment level for the full year so we've given the SMS guidance of 8 to 12%, but I think that it's fair to say you're 
starting to get some stronger compares in the back half of this year, and so if you look at how we see Q1 and Q2 
coming out, what it'll equate to for the full year, we see it as being between 8 and 12% for the full year. 

<Q - Bryan Keane>: Total... 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Total FPG. That's right. 

<Q - Bryan Keane>: Yeah. Is there any way to think about how much mix that – just the mix of shutting off Simple 
Start as driving that accelerated growth rate? 

<A - Jerry Natoli>: No, Bryan, this is Jerry. That's actually less of an impact than the favorable mix from QB Online, 
from Enterprise and from the growth we've seen in websites, which also shows up on that line. 


<Q - Bryan Keane>: Yep. Okay. Just last question from me, it looks like probably Medfusion and then I think Mint's 
still in for another quarter. My guess is that's probably a point of revenue growth, Neil, for next year, so on an organic 
basis think about maybe 7 to 10? Is that about right? 

<A - R. Neil Williams, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, that's about right. 

<Q - Bryan Keane>: Okay. Thanks a lot, and congratulations. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Bryan. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Philip Rueppel of Wells Fargo Securities. 

<Q - Philip Rueppel>: Great, thanks. Just a couple questions regarding the datacenter consolidation. You mentioned 
that in conjunction with some of the outages that you had recently. Is the driver behind continued consolidation to 
improve quality, or is it really to improve margin and costs? And then sort of secondarily, you mentioned that you had 
closed 12 or so this year. Was that – were any of those closures related to the outages that you mentioned? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, thanks, Philip. First of all, the answer to your first 
question is both. You can imagine when you have a lot of acquisitions of smaller companies over the years and you've 
made decisions in local areas, you're going to be in some centers that aren't as robust as we want them to be for a highly 
scalable online application. And so it is to improve effectiveness and to take advantage of virtualization of servers, as 
well as having clean energy and all the things that good companies should have in their plan, but it's also efficiency. I 
mean, it is highly inefficient to run 29 centers, have them not really be at scale and not have the ability to leverage the 
volumes we have when tax season spikes, and then when it goes down, you've got other services you could be 
leveraging that energy for. It helps us with efficiency too. 

And the second part is, no, that was not a part of the power outage challenges we had. There was nothing around our 
consolidating of datacenters that contributed to that. Quite frankly, the issue was that while we have our online banking 
and our tax product highly available, we haven't battle hardened some of our processes, and some of our technologies 
in other areas, and it was just pure execution, something that we know what we need to do and we need to fix. 

<Q - Philip Rueppel>: Great. That's helpful. Thanks. And then maybe a more general comment on margins. 
Obviously, the guidance for fiscal '11 does show for continued expansion of margin. Is there any particular areas or 
businesses where you see that accelerating versus the margin expansion we saw in fiscal '10, or is it sort of course and 
speed as we move into next year? 

<A - R. Neil Williams, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Hey, Phillip, this is Neil. The number 
one driver of margin expansion is revenue growth. So when you look at our large businesses that already enjoy nice 
margins, those also happen to be the ones that are growing the fastest, so they drive a lot of expansion. And you'll also 
see, if you look at the Small Business group this past year, they've enjoyed a pretty nice improvement in their margin as 
Brad described earlier. So it's mainly our core businesses who are growing, who have very aggressive growth plans and 
who have good execution plans for next year. So basically as you'll see, all the business units are projecting better 
margins for next year. But the key driver is really revenue growth and top line growth that enables that. 

<Q - Philip Rueppel>: Great. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Peter Goldmacher of Cowen and Company. 

<Q - Peter Goldmacher>: Hey, thanks for letting me in. I just wanted to ask you two quick questions. One, Brad, you 
mentioned in your prepared comments that ASPs had improved. And then in an answer to a question you said it was a 


better pricing mix, you figured out discounting. Can you give us a little more detail around exactly what you mean by 
figuring out discounting? And then I'd love to hear whether or not your attach rates or ability to sell back into that 
install base is having any impact on ASPs as well. And then a second question is, if you could talk a little bit about how 
you're managing the business for the QuickBooks and the QuickBooks on demand, how you manage that growth and 
how you slot different customers into different products? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, I would love to, Peter. On the first one, talking 
about ASP, what we saw the first year the recession hit – so fiscal year 2009 for us, calendar year 2008 – is we wanted 
to continue the model of growing the category, getting customers into the franchise, because we know that we actually 
increase revenue per customer 3x over a five-year period through upgrades, support plans and additional products and 
services. 

So when the market caught everybody with this steep downturn we got aggressive, and we went out with $49 
QuickBooks promotions for a $199 product, and we were doing that across the board to try to continue to have 
customers coming into the franchise. 

It was the right thing to do, but as we got further into the recession we learned that we could get the same source of unit 
lift out of a much lower discount. For a 99 to $149 actually delivered the same kinds of lift as a $49 lift. So now we've 
gotten much more targeted in terms of how deep we need to go and where we need to go to continue to bring customers 
in and then sell them additional services. On attach rates, we're still seeing healthy attach rates across all of our 
products, and what's really new is it used to be QuickBooks was the lead horse, and then we would sell payroll and 
payments. 

With connected services we have new front doors now. We can lead with our online payroll product and attach 
QuickBooks, or we can lead with a website and attach payments. So that's what's really helping with our attach rate. So 
all in all, that's what's helping drive ASP. 

The second question around how we're managing QuickBooks Desktop and QuickBooks Online, the good news is we 
don't have to make that decision. The customer does. We actually let the customers choose how they feel most 
comfortable managing their small business accounting. We have them both marketed equally, and many more 
customers are selecting online services, but quite frankly, just to keep it in perspective, we'll do about 1.5 million boxes 
of QuickBooks this year, and 200,000 online subscribers. So it's going to be a lot of years before online eclipses 
desktop, but if that's the choice the customer wants that's how we let them actually make that decision. We don't force a 
migration. 

<Q - Peter Goldmacher>: Is there any benefit to you as a company to have – is there any benefit or any difference to 
have a company on the install version versus the on-premise version, versus the on-demand version? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I think the, at the more tactical level, yes, because 
of a couple things. Customers can get access to new features throughout the year as opposed to waiting once a year for 
an upgrade. The second thing is, today, the price value of an online customer is actually a higher ASP on a 12-month 
basis than a desktop customer. 

A desktop customer pays about $200 and upgrades once every three years, and an online customer pays roughly 24.95 
a month. So there is some certain value to doing that, but at the same time we've got a great business in QuickBooks 
Desktop when they add payroll and payments and other stuff, and so we're not going to make the decision for the 
customer to move them over, but we will certainly benefit as that migration continues and more people choose online. 

<Q - Peter Goldmacher>: Okay. Great, thank you. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Jim Macdonald of First Analysis. 


<Q - Jim Macdonald>: Yeah, thanks, guys. Can we go back to TurboTax guidance? And as you said, the category for 
you guys is growing 6 to 8%, and so how are you so comfortable with the 10 to 13% growth and maybe how much of 
that might be price? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. Jim, we'll provide more details around the specific 
drivers at Investor Day, and we want to be careful not to get too ahead of our headlights, because as you know it's a 
really competitive space. But when we talk about it each year we say there's four key levers in the tax business. 

The first is how many tax filers are filing with the IRS. Unfortunately, we just experienced a second year where it's 
been down year-over-year 1 to 2%. But then beyond that it gets into our control, and that is how quickly can we grow 
the online category as the category leader? How can we actually take share from tax stores and online players? And 
then how do we actually improve our revenue per customer within our own franchise? 

And so what you see in our plan is an expectation the category will continue to grow if people decide to move out of 
tax stores and select digital or connected services. We still plan to take share as we did this year, both desktop and 
online. And we're getting smarter about free-to-pay conversion, as well as we're getting favorable mix. And so all of 
those add up to how we have a guidance that we've set for next year of 10 to 13%. 

<Q - Jim Macdonald>: Thanks. And just one quick follow-up. You give a GAAP tax rate of 36% for next year. Could 
you talk about non-GAAP tax rate and maybe a little bit about why that tax rate's going up? 

<A - R. Neil Williams, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, Jim, this is Neil. The non-GAAP 
rate you should assume is the same as the GAAP rate, 36% for 2011. In 2010 we had a tax planning opportunity that 
we took advantage of that generated a significant benefit for us this year, obviously about 2% on the effective tax rate. 
But it was a one-time event that doesn't affect our ongoing tax rate. So we are always looking for opportunities to 
manage as best we can, but for 2011 at this point our guidance would put you at the 36% effective rate. 

<Q - Jim Macdonald>: Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Michael Milian (sic) [Millman] of Millman Research. 

<Q - Michael Millman>: Thank you. I guess, a couple at this point follow-up types. On your three-year plan, it sounds 
like the second year is flat to down in terms of growth rate, which suggests your third year has got to be kind of a 
monster year. And I was curious what economic scenario you assume in that, and maybe more importantly, after this 
three-year plan, where do you see revenue growth? And then I have a tax-related question. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay, Michael. I'm smiling because I appreciate the 
follow-up question, but I don't want to provide any guidance beyond fiscal year '11. But I will tackle a couple of the 
key points that you asked about. Our three-year plan, we talk about our ability to continue to deliver on our long-term 
principles, the double-digit revenue growth and expanding operating margin. And then making a good set of investment 
decisions around the cash that we generate. 

So I would not say that it is safe to assume that we're going to have a divot in year two. I think that what you see this 
year in our 11% performance is one point of that was inorganic in fiscal year '10, and we had another 0.5% or so that 
was favorable FX exchange, so call it 9 to 9.5% performance this year. And as we look ahead, we believe that we're 
going to continue to accelerate our organic revenue performance. We'll make the right inorganic decisions, and we'll 
continue to improve our performance over time. 

We assumed no real recovery in the economy. Our outlook is that it's going to be a Nike swoosh. It's going to be a very 
modest recovery, very sluggish. I will tell you we're not double dippers, that we certainly don't have a crystal ball, so 
we can't sit here and tell you we're right or not, but we didn't assume any goodness. 


And in terms of long term beyond three year, our principles aren't changing. We expect ourselves to deliver 
double-digit organic growth, supplemented by acquisitions and continue to get good operating leverage and make a 
good use of the cash that we create. I hope that answers your question. 

<Q - Michael Millman>: Without a number on that long-term double-digit, do you expect it to leave off where the 
third year of this three-year plan gets you? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Michael, I can't say at this time. We've got a 
three-year plan of record and we haven't really gone beyond that at this point. 

<Q - Michael Millman>: Okay. And regarding the taxes, as Scott suggested, on the RTs can you tell us what the 
percentage of RTs are for desktop versus online and what the trends have been in that percentage? [inaudible] 

<A - Jerry Natoli>: Michael, this is Jerry. So, no, we actually don't break out our mix, the various flavors of tax or 
RTs, and we're not going to provide that, sorry. 

<Q - Michael Millman>: Can you give us the trends? 

<A - Jerry Natoli>: Nope, sorry. Although we can say, as Brad talked about, we had a really nice year in terms of 
generating revenue per customer from favorable mix. That includes improved attach. 

<Q - Michael Millman>: Okay. Thank you, Jerry. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Michael. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Ross MacMillan of Jefferies. 

<Q - Ross MacMillan>: Thanks a lot and good afternoon. Most of mine have been answered but maybe just a couple. 
You talked about double-digit new customer growth in QuickBooks, and you really had a breakout year in terms of 
QuickBooks Online. Do you feel confident that you're really driving QuickBooks Online growth by net new customer 
additions and not cannibalization of the, call it on-premise, base? Could you just talk to that? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Ross, we are very comfortable. As you might 
suspect, we have an ability to recognize if a customer's actually been using QuickBooks Desktop or not because they 
register their license with us. And our QuickBooks Online product is bringing new customers into the franchise. 

If they do choose to migrate over from desktop to web, there's a lot of goodness in there for the customer, and clearly as 
I shared earlier the ASPs are more favorable for us. But net-net, many of the customers coming in through QuickBooks 
Online, in fact a large majority, are new to the franchise. That's what's driving the new user growth for the overall 
QuickBooks segment. 

<Q - Ross MacMillan>: Great. That's clear. Switching to the Financial Services or Financial Institutions business, 
Neil, I think you mentioned something around that the strong growth in online banking customers and bill pay 
customers offset some pricing pressures in that business. What sort of pricing pressure are you seeing? Is it just a 
function of the health of small regional banks and credit unions, or is there something else competitively impacting 
pricing? 

<A - R. Neil Williams, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Ross, I would say we're not seeing 
anything that's unique to fiscal year 2010. As you know, in that space, there's a lot of margin compression, and in the 
bank processing space, pricing has been under pressure for some period of time, and so we haven't seen an acceleration 
of that, but as contracts come up for renewal there's a lot of competition, and price is a key factor to a lot of the banks 
that we serve. So it's more impetus for us to focus on features and functionality and helping the financial institutions 
make more money through use of our products, through customer retention and deeper relationships with their 
customers. 


<A - Scott Cook>: And this is Scott. Let me add that this has been true exactly as Neil described for every year that 
we've had the business and for the years before we owned it. So this has been a long-term trend. What we're doing to 
respond and take advantage of that trend is by adding things like FinanceWorks, TurboTax, online banking, things 
where there isn't that kind of pricing curve, new features, new capabilities that add to the total value of both the 
financial institution and the consumer. And that's a capability we have in our company because of all the other product 
lines and services that's not found in our rivals. They don't have a TurboTax, for example. So I would anticipate that 
that will help soften that price decline curve over time or respond with additional sources of revenue. 

<Q - Ross MacMillan>: Okay. Thank you. And one last one, just on operating margins. You've done a really good job 
of expanding those over the last two years, actually maybe three years, but at least two years. And obviously that 
remains part of this plan. Do you have any target margin in mind, medium-term, long-term, that we should be thinking 
about for the business? 

<A - R. Neil Williams, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Ross, we don't set specific targets. We 
said a couple years ago we wanted to get in the 30s. We're there now. So we're now we're looking for the mid-30s. But 
it's just to keep it performing in line with our operating principles, to keep revenue growing faster than expenses, and 
it's just that fundamental. We don't have a specific number or a specific place that we think is a plateau or some place 
that's as good as we can get. 

<Q - Ross MacMillan>: And clearly just as you're – it looks like your QuickBooks business will be one of the fastest 
growth categories again this year. And that does have the higher margins. So I presume that's a function of what will 
drive margins. But do you think there are other structural drivers? You've obviously taken advantage of some things in 
the last couple of years around head count and reallocation of resources. I was just curious as to kind of what beyond 
mix we should be thinking about to drive margins? 

<A - R. Neil Williams, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, you hit on the key one, tax being 
our fastest growing category and also our largest margin, so that helps tremendously. Small Business group will be 
right behind that. And as we've said all along the best way to grow margins on a sustainable way is to grow the top line, 
to have great revenue growth and to keep that coming organically. 

So that's probably the key focus. Beyond that in terms of expense reallocation, it's really more about making sure that 
the dollars we're spending are really moving the needle in terms of growing the business, either growing the revenue or 
adding new customers to the franchise. So it's more about being more precise with our investments, more of a rifle shot 
approach in testing and being willing to try new things and being willing to stop if we're not getting the right outcome. 
I'll just mention Simple Start as one example of a product offering that we've tried and started, and came up with better 
alternatives. But that's more what you would see going forward in terms of reallocation of cost. 

<Q - Ross MacMillan>: Great. Thanks a lot and congratulations. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Ross. 

Operator 

Our final question comes from Brad Sills of Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Brad Sills>: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question. Just to follow up on Small Business, obviously you guys 
are seeing strength in new customers for payments despite charge volumes being weak. Websites as well. Can you 
comment on what you think is the driver there? Is it just the right offering? Are you doing the right things with 
promotion? Is the macro having any impact on that, giving some price advantage, et cetera? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, you know, it's interesting, Brad, when you think 
about the first thing a small business needs to figure out when they're getting started, they need to get customers, they 
need to get paid. And when you have new front doors into the franchise, like our websites or the ability to accept an 
electronic payment, those are natural catalysts for new customers to come into our franchise. 


And so I think what you're seeing now is small businesses after a long period of unemployment saying, hey, I'm going 
to start something up here, and I need to get a website so customers can find me, and I need to make sure I can get paid. 

I think the economy actually benefits the kinds of products and services we have, in that regard, and so I think that's 
really what the key driver is. It's the right value proposition matching the right problem that a small business has and 
then getting them into the franchise. 

<Q - Brad Sills>: Got it. Thanks. And then just one more if I may. You're seeing obviously strength in QuickBooks 
Enterprise. What do you think's driving the premium mix shift there, given obviously the macro, obviously bucking the 
trend there? What do you think is driving that? 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, there's two things. One is, a lot of why 
QuickBooks Enterprise growth has come from in the past continues, and that is our small business customers who 
reach a point where they need more functionality, they have longer lists, they have more suppliers, vendors and 
employees, and they want to move up to a more full-featured product, and that drives somewhere in the neighborhood 
of 70% of all of our enterprise customers. It's just QuickBooks moving up the line. 

But the other thing that's been happening is about a third of our users now we're actually bringing from the mid-market 
players, the names that you might think of as enterprise companies, and they're finding that our product has the 
functionality they need at a much lower price. And so we're now disrupting the up-market players, particularly in this 
tough economy. It's a great way to get them into our franchise as well. 

<Q - Brad Sills>: Great. Thanks, guys. Congratulations. 

<A - Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. Patty, is that it? 

Operator 

Yes, that's the last question that we were taking for the day. 

Brad Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Okay. Well, I want to thank everybody for dialing in. I know there were a lot of different calls going on today and a lot 
of earnings reports coming out, so we appreciate you joining us. I just want to wrap up by saying that we feel really 
good with our performance in fiscal year '10. We're looking forward to a fiscal year '11 that we think will be equally 
exciting. 

The reason why we're excited is our connected services strategy's working. We continue to benefit from this ongoing 
secular shift to more digital services. Our core businesses are all healthy. You can see that performance across the 
board, and hopefully you see that in our guidance for fiscal year '11. So looking forward to seeing everybody at 
Investor Day on September 22. Take care. 

Operator 

Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference call. This concludes the call. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 


information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


