Q4 2013 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 


• Matt Rhodes 
• Brad D. Smith 
• R. Neil Williams 
Other Participants 

• Sterling Auty 
• Brent Thill 
• Peter L. Goldmacher 
• Jaimin Soni 
• Greg E. Dunham 
• Scott A. Schneeberger 
• Brad A. Zelnick 
• Kartik Mehta 
• Walter H. Pritchard 
• James MacDonald 
• Jennifer S. Lowe 
• Jobin G. Mathew 
• Ross MacMillan 
• Michael Millman 
• Yun S. Kim 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon. My name is Sayid and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to Intuit's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2013 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] After the speakers' 
remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] 

With that, I will now turn the call over to Matt Rhodes, Intuit's Director, Investor Relations. Mr. Rhodes, you may 
begin. 

Matt Rhodes 

Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to Intuit's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2013 Conference Call. I'm here with 
Brad Smith, our President and CEO; and Neil Williams, our CFO. 

Before we start, I'd like to remind everyone that our remarks will include forward-looking statements. There are a 
number of factors that could cause Intuit's results to differ materially from our expectations. You can learn more about 
these risks in the press release we issued earlier this afternoon, our Form 10-K for fiscal 2012 and our other SEC 
filings. All of those documents are available on the Investor Relations page of Intuit's website at Intuit.com. We assume 
no obligation to update any forward-looking statement. 


Some of the numbers in this report are presented on a non-GAAP basis. We've reconciled the comparable GAAP and 
non-GAAP numbers in today's press release. Unless otherwise noted, all growth rates refer to the current period versus 
the comparable prior-year period. And the business metrics and associated growth rates refer to worldwide business 
metrics. 

Also all reported results and fiscal 2014 guidance exclude Intuit Financial Services and Intuit Health, which have been 
sold and reclassified to discontinued operations. A copy of our prepared remarks and supplemental financial 
information will be available on our website after this call ends. 

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Brad Smith. 

Brad D. Smith 

All right. Thank you, Matt. And thanks to all of you for joining us. Fiscal 2013 has been a year of exciting wins as well 
as some challenges. We've seized the opportunity to capture lessons learned, make the necessary adjustments and 
position the company for a stronger future. 

For the fiscal year, we posted strong growth in Small Business, but we fell short of our expectations in Consumer Tax. 
Full year revenue at the company level grew 10%, with non-GAAP earnings per share growing 13%, when adjusted for 
the divestitures and the restructuring charges that we'll talk more about in a minute. 

In anticipation of the next chapter of growth, we updated our connected services strategy last fall. Then in late spring, 
we reorganized our business units and functional groups to streamline the decision making and position our next 
generation of talent against the highest impact opportunities. 

And then just this past month, we sold Intuit Financial Services and the Intuit Health Group, two businesses that no 
longer aligned with our go forward strategy. 

These organizational changes have transformed Intuit. From a portfolio of businesses into an ecosystem that now builds 
durable competitive advantage by working together. The foundation is now in place for the next chapter of growth and 
we're focusing the company on two strategic outcomes. first, to be the operating system behind Small Business success; 
and second, to do the nation's taxes today in the U.S. and in Canada. 

Let's take a closer look at each of these goals and we'll start with Small Business. The Small Business Group had a 
great fiscal 2013, with revenue growing 16% overall and each segment of the group growing double digits as well. As 
we strive to be the operating system behind Small Business success, we're launching an exciting new user experience 
for QuickBooks Online in the coming weeks. It has been completely redesigned to delight new customers and to 
increase conversion from trial to subscription. 

From this foundation, we're accelerating our growth outside the U.S. by narrowing our focus on winning in Canada, the 
UK, Australia and India, while we validate new geography that we may choose to enter in the future. 

We've also resourced a highly talented team to begin targeting smaller businesses that don't feel they're ready for 
QuickBooks. This team is charged with identifying ways to win these prospects by solving important pre-accounting 
needs with lightweight mobile and online solutions. And finally, with our customers' permission, we're advancing our 
capabilities to use customer data to deliver more tailored product experiences and offer them breakthrough benefits as 
well. 

Now it's important to note, we're not coming at this Small Business goal from a standing start. For example, in the 
fourth quarter QuickBooks Online subscribers grew 28% to 487,000 subscribers. In addition, subscribers outside the 

U.S. grew 80% and now total more than 32,000 paying customers in over 100 countries. Our Online Payroll customers 
also grew 18%, with our total payroll new users growing 8% in the fiscal year. This is the highest new payroll user 
growth that we have seen in a decade. 

And Demandforce subscribers grew 40%. The team's been leveraging QuickBooks data to cross-sell into our customer 
base and the early results have been promising. 

As we head into fiscal 2014, this momentum is reinforced by significant product launches that I alluded to a few 
minutes ago, a more focused global strategy and one of the most exciting marketing campaigns that we have ever 
launched in our Small Business segment. 

We'll share more about the Small Business initiatives, as well as provide an overview of our longer-term tax strategy at 
our upcoming Investor Day in September. 

Switching to tax, we had tremendous assets and the leading market position in both the do-it-yourself and the 
CPA-prepared segments. These were the two largest segments in the tax market. And we have nearly 60% share in the 
do-it-yourself software category, which is the only tax-preparation method that grew this past tax season. Our teams are 
thinking big and they're looking for ways to redefine our franchise and re-imagine the tax preparation industry overall. 
You'll hear more about these ideas as we get a little closer to tax season. 

And while it's going to be multi-year effort, we have some exciting things already slated for the upcoming tax season. 
We'll focus squarely on product improvements. Our team is energized to further simplify the new user experience, 
while delivering a more personalized experience for all of our tax filing customers. 

And in this last year's tax challenges, we had some real wins that set the foundation for this upcoming season. For 
example, this past year we saw tremendous growth in our mobile usage, which represents the next generation of 
do-it-yourself tax-preparation. 

SnapTax filings were up nearly three times this season and 5 million TurboTax customers logged in through a mobile 
device at some point throughout the year. Nearly one-fifth of SnapTax returns were completed in fewer than 15 
minutes. That shows us what is possible in TurboTax, if you leverage technology and data so that our customers' taxes 
are basically done for them in a matter of minutes. 

Now looking ahead, we also feel confident that we can help our customers effectively navigate the Affordable Care 
Act. And just as a reference point, we took a look back in history at what has transpired when similar legislation was 
implemented in Massachusetts just a few years ago. In a headline, software did not lose market share due to healthcare 
legislation. 

We like our opportunity to make the future healthcare aspects of our customers' tax returns simple to understand, just 
like we do with all other complexities that come through the tax code. That's what we do here at Intuit: we simply the 
business of life, so our customers can go about doing the things that fuel their passion. That's why we have 28 million 
global TurboTax customers, which is more than any other tax prep provider, in addition to over 100,000 accountants 
who prepare more than another 25 million returns. 

So to quickly sum up, we've embraced the lessons that we learned in fiscal 2013. We've made proactive adjustments 
and we are excited about our potential as we go after a global opportunity to transform financial lives of small 
businesses and consumers and the trusted accountants who serve them. 

Now you've seen our guidance for fiscal 2014. I don't consider this the new normal. By executing against the strategic 
goals that I just described, we expect to deliver results that are consistent with our financial principles: double-digit 
revenue growth and margin expansion. Neil is going to provide more details on our longer-term financial outlook in a 
minute, which aligns with these principles. 

And on that note, I'll hand it over to Neil to walk you through the financial details and our guidance. 

R. Neil Williams 
Thanks, Brad. First, some context. We completed the sale of Intuit Financial Services on August 1, as well as the sale 
of Intuit Health yesterday. As a result, both have been moved to discontinued operations for all periods presented. In 


fiscal 2013, the two businesses contribute revenue of approximately $340 million and non-GAAP operating income of 
approximately $45 million. 

Now let's move to our results. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013, we delivered revenue of $634 million, up 12%, 
10% organically; non-GAAP operating income of $9 million, GAAP operating loss of $60 million. After interest 
expense, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was breakeven; GAAP loss per share of $0.05. 

For fiscal 2013, we delivered revenue of $4.2 billion, up 10%, 8% organically; non-GAAP operating income of $1.5 
billion, up 8%; GAAP operating income of $1.2 billion, up 6%; non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $3.20, up 
11%; GAAP diluted earnings per share of $2.83, up 9%. 

In the fourth quarter, we incurred a charge of approximately $20 million as a result of a head count reduction and other 
non-recurring costs, which impacted our GAAP and non-GAAP operating income and earnings per share. Adjusting for 
these charges and the classification of Intuit Financial Services and Intuit Health as discontinued operations, our results 
would have been in line with the guidance we provided in May. 

Turning to the business segments. Total Small Business Group revenue grew 13% for the quarter and 16% for the year. 
Within Small Business, Financial Management Solutions revenue grew 18% for the quarter and 20% for the year, 
including the acquisition of Demandforce. Excluding Demandforce, revenue was up 13% for the quarter and 10% for 
the year. 

Customer acquisition in our connected services businesses continues to drive our growth. In addition to the steps that 
Brad mentioned, Payments customers grew 13%, QuickBooks Enterprise Solutions subscribers grew 26%. For the year, 
total QuickBooks customers grew 4%, with QuickBooks subscribers growing 27% and QuickBooks Desktop units 
declining 6%. 

With almost half a million subscribers, the QuickBooks Online customer base is still growing fast and contributing an 
increasing number of new users. In fact, we anticipate nearly as many new users will sign up for QuickBooks Online as 
QuickBooks Desktop in fiscal 2014, marking an important tipping point in the business' shift to connected services. 

Employee Management Solutions revenue grew 12% for the quarter and the year, driven by customer growth, price and 
growth in beyond payroll offerings. Payment Solutions revenue grew 7% for the quarter and 14% for the year. 

As we discussed last quarter, we faced a tough comparison versus the fourth quarter 2012, where revenue benefited 
from the Durbin Amendment and other fee structure changes. Adjusting for this, Payments revenue would have grown 
about 17% in the fourth quarter. Card transaction volume grew 9%. 

Consumer Tax revenue was $30 million for the seasonally light fourth quarter and revenue grew 4% for the year. 
Despite single-digit revenue growth, margins in this business expanded by over 100 basis points over last year. 
Accounting Professionals revenue grew 29% for the quarter and 6% for the year. Other businesses revenue grew 8% 
for the quarter and 6% for the year. 

Now some housekeeping as we head into fiscal 2014. Page 2 of our Fact Sheet shows how we intend to report results 
next year. There we provided our guidance in the new format, as well as historical results in the same format to help 
you with your financial modeling. We'll provide revenue and segment contribution margin for three reportable 
segments: Small Business, Consumer and ProTax. 

We will continue to share similar business and customer metrics to those we provide now and we'll provide revenue for 
Small Business Financial Solutions, which includes QuickBooks for small businesses, and accountants and payments; 
and Small Business Management Solutions, which includes Payroll and Demandforce. We also plan to report our 
Consumer Tax and Consumer Ecosystem revenue separately. All reporting segments will include global and there will 
no longer be an Other businesses category. 

Turning to the balance sheet. We continue to take a disciplined approach to capital management, investing the cash we 
generate in opportunities that yield a 15%-plus ROI. Our board approved a $0.19 per share dividend for fiscal Q1, an 
increase of 12% payable on October 18. And when it's the best use of cash, we'll return cash to shareholders via share 


repurchases. We repurchased $292 million in shares in fiscal 2013. We could not repurchase shares in Q4, due to the 
restructuring activities that took place during the quarter. About $1.4 billion remains on our current authorization and 
we received an additional $2 billion authorization from our board in August. 

We intend to use existing cash and the proceeds from the IFS transaction to accelerate the repurchase of shares. When 
our window opens following our earnings report, we intend to put an accelerated share repurchase of more than $1 
billion in place. As a result, we expect a net reduction in our share count of 4% to 6% in fiscal 2014. 

We provided our guidance for the first quarter and for fiscal 2014 in our press release. Our full year outlook includes 
revenue growth of 6% to 8%, with margin expansion and double-digit earnings per share growth. We expect Small 
Business to have a strong fiscal 2014 and we've guided to another year of double-digit revenue growth. 

On the tax side, we've made conservative assumptions about total filer growth, following the decline in total filers this 
past tax year. We're excited about our vision for the digital tax prep category, but anticipate a multi-year effort to drive 
significant change in consumer behavior. As a result, we're guiding to mid-single-digit growth in Consumer Tax. We 
expect to make progress in fiscal 2013 and to build on that progress over the next few seasons. 

I'd like to ladder on Brad's comments about our strategic outcomes, with a longer-term financial outlook. Looking 
beyond fiscal 2013, we're planning for our non-GAAP results to reflect revenue growth of 8% to 12% each year, 
double-digit operating income growth growing faster than revenue and mid-teens earnings per share growth. A number 
of variables will affect our growth in any given fiscal year, but we believe our strategy will enable us to deliver results 
in these ranges. We'll provide more details about the drivers of this growth at our Investor Day in September. 

I'll turn it back to Brad to close. 

Brad D. Smith 

All right. Thank you, Neil. You've probably seen some of our new marketing efforts, which highlight our commitment 
to helping small businesses grow. We are energized by the opportunity to enable small businesses to reach their full 
potential, and we're investing to give them voice and to help them succeed. This marketing effort supports one of the 
biggest product redesigns that we've undertaken in my decade at Intuit. It completely re-imagines and harmonizes the 
small business user experience across all of our products. 

And in tax, we're energized by the opportunity to accelerate growth in the do-it-yourself category, capitalize on a shift 
to the cloud in the CPA-prepared segment, and we're looking for unique ways to leverage these collective assets as we 
strive to do the nations' taxes. 

And to advance toward accomplishing both our small business and our tax goals, we've rallied behind accountants, 
offering new solutions and improved products that enable them to grow their practices and improve their clients' 
financial lives. 

Now we're going to talk more about these themes and our strategy to execute against them at our Investor Day, which 
we're going to hold in Mountain View on our campus on September 24. We'll showcase some exciting new products as 
well as partnerships, so this is an event that you won't want to miss. We hope to see you there. 

As always, I want to thank our employees for their hard work and their ongoing focus. 

And with that, Sayid, I'll turn it over to you so we can open it for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Sterling Auty from JPMorgan. 


<Q - Sterling Auty>: Yeah. Thanks. Hi, guys. So specific to the Consumer Tax, I'm just curious, in hindsight, looking 
at the results for the tax year just passed, any final thoughts in terms of competitively what happened in terms of market 
share? And then on the go-forward outlook in Consumer Tax, you mentioned a conservative assumption on tax filing. 
Can you give us a range or is that something you'll go into detail at the Analyst Day? 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Yeah. Sterling, it's Brad. Happy to try to take both now and then we will provide more detail at 
Investor Day. As we look back, there's still a lot of unanswered questions around what happened with total tax returns. 
The latest update we have from the IRS is in May. It still looks like the total returns are down about seven-tenths or 
eight-tenths of a point and everyone had anticipated it would be up between 0.5% to a 1%. So that's a pretty decent 
delta. In terms of 140 million total returns, those percentages matter. 

In terms of competitive share, we held share overall. We gained about two points in the retail Desktop software 
segment, which is still about 25% of our total unit, but we lost a little less than 0.5 point in Online. And I would tell 
you that our diagnosis is our product has an opportunity to get much more simple. That's where we're laser focused as 
we look ahead. It is not anything to do with investment in advertising or marketing. In fact, we spent about 20% more 
this past season and at the end of the day, we didn't get the results we wanted. 

So you're going to hear us talk a lot more about the product focus as we head into next year, primarily on new users, as 
well as improving the experience for returning users. You're going to hear us talk about a shift to the cloud in our 
ProTax business, which helps us with CPAs. And we're also going to be talking about a way to leverage both sets of 
assets to help customers who may need a little help in the process. And we'll share more of those details come 
September 24 at Investor Day. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: Okay. Great. And maybe one follow-up in QuickBooks on the international side, you mentioned 
UK, Australia, India, Canada, et cetera. Can you go into maybe a little bit more color as to what was it about those 
markets that you decided to focus on them? And what kind of investment will be necessary to drive the business? 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Yeah. Happy to do that, Sterling. And, again, we plan to share a lot more at Investor Day in 
about 30 days, but we selected these countries for the following reasons. We're already in Canada and the UK. We have 
a strong presence there and we've been shifting to the cloud and so we want to continue to expand our presence and 
gain market in those two countries. 

And in terms of Australia, we had a multi-year partnership with a distributor that we've announced is coming to a close; 
that distributor was Reckon. And so we're moving into that market because we feel that market is fundamental to not 
only understand how to win there, but as a launching pad into Asia. 

And we've also chosen India for two reasons: one, we have a very significant presence there with over 600 engineers 
with our development center; and secondly, it's a great test bed for developing a go-to-market model for emerging 
markets. And we have very promising early results in India. 

So Canada and the UK is already a position that we're in that we want to continue to develop. We picked Australia as 
the distributor relationship winds down, and we've also picked India as a great test bed for the emerging markets. 

<Q - Sterling Auty>: Thank you. 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Brent Thill from UBS. 

<Q - Brent Thill>: Thanks. Brad, you had aspirations to grow 10% plus and I'm just curious with some of the changes 
and now with the slowdown in Consumer Tax, do you feel that that aspiration is still out there? Or do you have to turn 
to M&A or some other strategy to help reinvigorate that growth? 


<A - Brad D. Smith>: Yeah, Brent, we do believe this capability exists in our current portfolio. Neil just provided few 
minutes ago our outlook beyond fiscal year 2014, where as we look at our three-year plans and actually our five-year 
aspirations and we sign up for those numbers with our board, we believe we can deliver revenue in the 8% to 12% 
range. We can grow our operating income faster. And we believe we can deliver earnings per share in the mid teens. 

Now what we're going to have to do to do that is we have an opportunity to continue to accelerate in small business. It's 
primarily around continuing to accelerate our performance in the U.S. with this new harmonized product that we'll 
showcase in September. It's about global expansion into these four countries, while testing other markets. And it's about 
going after these 12 million plus prospects that aren't big enough for accounting with some of these lighter-weight 
mobile solutions that we're going to share a little more about in the coming season. 

On the tax side, we do not believe the outlook is a 4% growth business. We think the fundamentals are there and the 
secular opportunities are there for us to accelerate the do-it-yourself category. And we also think with the shift to the 
cloud that the CPA-prepared segment is going to have a lot of decisions up for consideration and we have a three-year 
head start on our competition with a hosted version of tax prep for the accountants. 

So we think there's a lot of fundamental opportunities in our core business to get it to double digits and, of course, we 
will look at acquisitions as a way to supplement that. 

<Q - Brent Thill>: And just a quick follow-up on Consumer. I think Neil had said it's a multi-year change that you're 
trying to incent in their behavior. It seems like this is a longer-term roadmap versus something in the near-term that you 
can you can stimulate. Maybe if you could just dive a little deeper into that? Why you chose the word multi-year? 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Well, I think it's a two-part process. One is we have some very interesting learnings coming out 
of last season and some exciting experiments we've been doing over the summer that we think can basically reshape the 
paradigm of how taxes get done. With that being said, there's a lot of work to demonstrate and prove that in the market 
to our customers, to ourselves and to you. And we don't think we'll get all the way there in the next 12 months. And so 
what we do believe and actually what we plan to share with you a little closer tax season is a big step forward this year, 
but we don't believe that will be enough for us to get to double digits this season in tax. But we do believe that it gives 
us the foundation that if we execute well, we can continue to grow that business and get it back to double digits in the 
out years. 

So it's a multi-year effort and, for us, it's basically redefining how tax preparation gets done and we'll share a little more 
on those details as we get closer to the season. 

<Q - Brent Thill>: Thanks, Brad. 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Peter Goldmacher from Cowen. 

<Q - Peter L. Goldmacher>: Yeah, a quick question. I thought your data point on SnapTax was really interesting 
because you've used that as an example for never enter data, make the product just drop-dead simple and you're clearly 
seeing very, very small but increasing results from that. So when you think about that product and what you've been 
able to accomplish in that product, what do you have to do in the organization, either in the engineering organization or 
the products organization? What has to change? What are the kinds of things you need to work on to get that user 
experience out to the rest of your product? 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, in just a few moments... 


<A - Brad D. Smith>: Yeah. Thank you, Peter, absolutely correct. We're very excited about what we learned in 
SnapTax this year because it basically takes what has been a 45-minute to an hour-and-a-half kind of tax prep process 
and gets it done in minutes. And as you know, we've been working our engineering teams and looked at ways to begin 
to leverage the data across the company in all of our different products, as well as data that exists in the market and 
begin to pull that data into what we call a financial data platform. 

And the financial data platform basically pulls all the necessary forms, the banks account information, the W-2s out of 
the payroll systems and begins to leverage that data in a way that we do more of the work for the customer, so the 
customer doesn't have to sit there and answer a bunch of questions. That's what SnapTax demonstrated. We think that 
that's a big step forward. It's part of our data strategy and we're going to plan to share a little bit more of that on 
September 24 as well. 

But basically, it's a way for us to begin to leverage the data from all of our products to help do the work for the 
customers, so they don't have to put the effort in themselves. 

<Q - Peter L. Goldmacher>: And when you think about the engineering network behind that or the organizational 
efforts, where are you in that process? 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: So we've been on a multi-year journey. We've been re-architecting all the products. QuickBooks 
Online you'll see coming out here in the next 30 days or so. It's a completely new redesign. Underneath that, all the 
architecture is being rewritten and we plan to have all of our core products re-architected in a way by the end of fiscal 
year 2015, which is another 18 months to 20 months away, that'll basically feed this financial data platform. 

And so that's where we are in the journey right now. We've got a big step forward with some of our core products. But 
to get across our entire product line, we think it's going to be another 18 to 24 months. And that's why we're referring to 
this multi-year effort for us, in terms of our outlook in the tax business. 

<Q - Peter L. Goldmacher>: Okay. Thanks Brad. 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

Thank you. And our next question comes from Kash Rangan from Bank of America. 

<Q - Jaimin Soni>: Thanks guys. This is Jaimin filling in for Kash. I just wanted to ask a couple of questions, Brad. In 
the past, you've helped us bridge the gap between the different drivers of the tax category versus share gains to your 
revenue growth. Is it early in the season for you to do that or maybe you can help us out? 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Yeah, Jaimin, it's a little bit early for us to give a long-term forecast. I can put a little bit of 
context around our fiscal year 2014 guidance. And as you know, there's four primary drivers in tax, you just alluded to 
them. One is how many returns will actually get processed with the IRS. Typically, that forecast is about 0% to 1%. 
This year we saw a little bit of a step backwards. So we're being a little conservative in fiscal year 2014. We think that 
it's going to be somewhere in that – instead, it's usually 1% to 2%, we think it's going to be in the 0% to 1% range. So 
call that maybe a point of growth for TurboTax because one point of returns and we hold share gets us about a point of 
growth. 

The second is the tax category, the digital tax category, how fast is it growing? And we expect the software category 
will grow somewhere in that 4% to 5% range, which means it should take about another point of share away from the 
assisted methods, and ultimately, every point that the tax category gains is about three points of growth to TurboTax. 
See you throw that on top of the earlier math I mentioned and you're in that 4% range now, 3% from that, 1% from the 
IRS. 

The third is share. Can we actually take share in the market in the software category? And right now we're saying that 
we want to continue to grow share. Obviously, last year, we held share. So if you put the range as 0% to 1%, then you 


basically translate into TurboTax growth and that's about a 1% to 1.5% of growth. 

And then the fourth lever is revenue per return and we usually get a couple of points of upside there, in terms of people 
shifting from free to paid. Last year, we only got a point because we had to grow over the decision we made to 
outsource our refund bonus card. Next year, we're hoping to get about a point of upside as well. So if you put the four 
together, that's how we got to our 4% to 5% guidance. 

It's basically we think the IRS is going to grow between 0% and 1%. We think that the software category will maybe 
pick up another point of share, if it grows 4% to 5% a year. We're going to try to gain a point of share ourselves. And 
ultimately, we're planning to get a little revenue per return upside, maybe 1% or so. 

<Q - Jaimin Soni>: Got it. That's very helpful, Brad. And just one more quick thing on QuickBooks Online, if I see the 
growth rate here 28% accelerated from last quarter, which was about 26%, is this just the online – the international 
presence that's really driving the growth in Online? 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Well, in the U.S., it grew 26% and with international, it grew 28%. But we are seeing 
accelerating fundamentals underneath the hood. One of the things we did is we made the decision of where we ask for 
the credit card and that's accelerating not only the funnel, but also improving the 30, 60 and 90-day retention rate. So 
the subscriber base continues to stay and we're adding more new users. I'll tell you we also expect another step rate 
function as we roll out this new redesigned version in the next 30 days or so, which we're calling Harmony that 
basically harmonizes that experience across QuickBooks, Payroll and Payments. So we are seeing good fundamental 
improvement in QuickBooks Online and, as a result, we are seeing acceleration of the customer growth. 

<Q - Jaimin Soni>: Got it. Thank you, guys. 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Greg Dunham from Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Greg E. Dunham>: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Following up on the Harmony release and kind of the 
shift to online in QuickBooks, is there anything that you can do or have you thought about anything more for driving 
even faster adoption in trying to accelerate that? I know that's something that you've always balanced in terms of letting 
the customers kind of decide. Talk about kind of the thought process there in terms of the pace of shift and whether you 
want to drive that or your customers want to drive that? That's the first question. 

And then a follow-up question on the buyback. Although nice to see the $2 billion additional authorization or the 4% to 
6% decline in share count in your outlook, should we assume that the acquisition strategy is to be pretty consistent with 
what it's been in the past, we're looking at small tuck-ins, nothing major? And just give us an update there. So three 
different questions, sorry for the long-winded one. Thanks. 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: No, that's all right, Greg, we got a lot of moving parts, so we want to take all the questions we 
can. Let Neil and I piggyback on this one. First of all, regarding the first question on shifting online. We still 
fundamentally believe that it's our job to provide an enticement or an incentive for customers who want to shift 
platforms. The good news is because we're using mobile phones and tablets and their like, they're opting into these 
cloud-based products. 

So you saw our Desktop units actually decline 6%. You saw QuickBooks Online go up 28%. QuickBooks Enterprise, 
which is subscription-based, is up 26%. And actually people can now buy a QuickBooks Desktop product and get its 
data up into the cloud, so it works with phones and tablets, and that grew 23%. So, if you put that all together, we've 
got about 760,000 customers in that Small Business base now up in the cloud and that Group is growing at 27% 
collectively. 


We believe that the best thing to do is to make them aware of the benefits of anytime, anywhere access, immediate 
online backup, the ability to use it with mobile phones and devices and we don't believe that there's anything we need 
to do discourage them from staying on the Desktop product because they're already making the shift on their own. And 
now accountants are moving to the cloud, accountants tend to tell their small business customers what to do and they're 
now encouraging QuickBooks Online as well. 

So, we like the fundamentals without forcing the business model on the customer that'll be our go-forward strategy as 
well. Neil, you want to take the purchase, the stock repurchase now? 

<A - R. Neil Williams>: Yeah. In terms of acquisitions, Greg, I think that we satisfied ourselves that we can deliver the 
share count reduction that we provided in the guidance within any type of acquisition scenario that we think is likely or 
probable at this point. As Brad mentioned earlier, we're always interested and always looking for inorganic 
opportunities to accelerate our business growth. 

We're delighted with what's happened with Demandforce and how that's been helpful to us. But there aren't a lot of 
those transactions available to us at favorable economics. So, we thought about this and believe that we can deliver the 
share reduction we talked about and still have plenty of flexibility to take advantage of opportunities when they come 
along. 

<Q - Greg E. Dunham>: That's helpful. Thanks, guys. 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: All right. Thanks Greg. 

Operator 

Thank you. And our next question comes from Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer. 

<Q - Scott A. Schneeberger>: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. Start-off I have a few, but you're talking about this 
exciting marketing campaign, Brad, could you discuss – is that going to be – in Small Business, is that going to be 
increased spend? Is it across the whole category in small business or specifically in some smaller areas? And how 
different is it from how you marketed it before? Thanks. 

<A - R. Neil Williams>: What we allocated. 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Yeah, so in terms of the increased spend, it is a slight increase in Small Business, the amount 
was about... 

<A - R. Neil Williams>: About $10 million. 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Yeah, $10 million. But we did it through reallocation, Scott. The campaign itself you may have 
seen some news on it. We're actually pretty excited. It is small business, big gain. It's a six month social campaign, 
where we have small businesses that are basically submitting their testimonial or story on why they started their small 
business and why they should be considered as the potential winner for us to buy them an ad in the third quarter of the 
nation's biggest game of the year in February, which is obviously the Super Bowl. 

And this is a once in a life time opportunity to change a small business's life. And over the next six months, what's 
happening is they're submitting their testimonials. They are encouraging their customers, their friends, their families to 
come in and vote. And we're going to narrow down the top vote getters into the top twenty and then our employees are 
going to go through those top twenty and we're going to actually narrow down to the top four. 

Once the top four have been identified, we're going to visit each of those four with some professional consultants, 
including Bill Rancic, you may have seen Bill. Bill's actually a serial entrepreneur and he was the season's first winner 
on The Apprentice a few years ago. And he's notable in helping small businesses go in and basically do an extreme 
makeover to be able to accelerate their growth. 


And those four businesses are going to get this sort of consulting practice and we're also going to buy them advertising 
in their local market. But ultimately, we're going to narrow down, with the world's voting on those top four to pick the 
number one winner. It's an exciting program. 

I'll give you just a data point. In the first 48 hours, we had over 2.3 billion impressions in terms of that news making it 
around the world and people logging in. And that compares to 1 billion impressions in total all of last year for Small 
Business. So, in a couple of days, we more than doubled what did in 12 months last year. 

Now it's a program that's going to have multi-months to it. There's going to be a lot of new stuff rolling out. But in 
terms of investment, we basically shifted down in some places and reallocated to others. And in Small Business, we 
basically put an extra $10 million in for this. 

<Q - Scott A. Schneeberger>: Great. Thanks. And if I could do another one or two if I may. The long-term guidance 
versus this year's guidance in revenue growth – Brad, thanks for, in TurboTax, giving the components previously of 
what it's going to be for this year. Do you anticipate that being the move up, an increase in TurboTax in the out years, 
and a steadiness in Small Business that gets you back up into the double-digits? Or a feel for which of those two 
primary drivers it may be? 

<A - R. Neil Williams>: Not necessarily, Scott. I think there's plenty of room for Small Business growth to be very 
strong for the years ahead, for reasons we've already talked about: the pre-accounting opportunities, the opportunities 
outside the U.S. and opportunities with a better solution for a new user. So, I wouldn't pin the accelerated revenue 
growth on either segment necessarily, disproportionally. There's some big opportunities on both sides and we think 
they're all going to contribute. 

<Q - Scott A. Schneeberger>: Okay. Thanks, guys. 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

Thank you. And our next question comes from Brad Zelnick from Macquarie. 

<Q - Brad A. Zelnick>: Brad, if I understand your answer to Jaimin's question, I take it the 4% to 5% Consumer Tax 
guidance assumes you're able to hold share in the digital category, while you're redesigning the franchise. But you've 
guided to a much more narrow range than in the past. Why would you have any greater precision? And how do you feel 
about your upside? And I guess, asked a little bit differently, if the range were more typical, should I assume the 
midpoint would remain what it is? 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Yeah. So, first and foremost, the changes in our model right now for fiscal year 2014 are total 
number of returns being filed with the IRS is a little more conservative than we would have typically put into the 
model. When unemployment starts to normalize, you see those returns grow at 1% to 2%. We saw trends all moving in 
a direction that would have had us all forecast that this year, and instead returns went down about 0.8%. So, we're just 
being very, basically pragmatic about how many returns people will actually file with the IRS. 

The second is the digital category itself. That digital category had been growing in the neighborhood of 6% to 8% when 
there were still some number of manual paper filers out there. And as those paper filers are now down to just a few 
million, we've seen that category moderate a little bit, category growth. And that's a big lever for us. Every point of 
category growth is about three points of growth for TurboTax, if we simply hold share. So, those are the two bigger 
drivers. 

Now we think it's up to us to accelerate the growth of the do-it-yourself software category. And we believe we have 
some plans in place that can re-imagine how people can get their taxes done to do that. Again, that's a multi-year effort. 
But in terms of holding share, we did it this year. We picked up a couple of points in retail software. We lost a little less 
than half a point in online. We never start the year planning to hold share; we plan actually to pick it up. But you can 
actually choose a 0%, which is holding share or a 1% next year, and it'll be in that guidance range that we gave you. 


<Q - Brad A. Zelnick>: Got it. And if I could ask just one more kind of bigger picture question. You've often talked 
about using data to delight customers. I remember getting excited a couple of years back looking at QuickBooks trends 
and haven't really seen that product, for example, blossom or at least become more material. But just a bigger picture 
question, how satisfied are you, Scott Cook, and the other leaders of the company with your progress in leveraging Big 
Data? 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: I would tell you it's been a heavier lift than we anticipated. At the same time, I would say that 
we are very pleased with the momentum we've now built. And we have some exciting things coming out that we'll be 
able to show you that are going to have a much more mainstream effect on our core customers this fall. When you get 
the chance to see the next version of QuickBooks Online, you're going to see something our team refers to as the 
business rainbow. And I want steal their thunder, but it basically leverages data to do something for customers we've 
never been able to do before. And it's literally we think going to simplify the new user experience in ways we could 
have never imagined. 

And we gave you an example of how we're getting SnapTax tax returns done in less than 15 minutes and that's being 
powered by data as well. So we have some neat things coming out. What we had to do over the last couple of years is 
get in and re-architect our products, make sure that we had the right data hygiene in place, and then began to teach our 
teams how to use this in a way that would do work for customers, in ways that we wouldn't have them do themselves. 

And so I would say our progress has been harder than we thought or our momentum has been harder than we 
anticipated, but I like where we are now. 

<Q - Brad A. Zelnick>: Thank you very much. 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

Thank you. And our next question comes from Kartik Mehta from Northcoast Research. 

<Q - Kartik Mehta>: Hey, good evening or afternoon, Brad. I think one of the statements you made is that you said 
you spent 25% more on marketing this year on tax, but didn't get the results you wanted. Would that imply that next 
season you'll go back to more of a normal base of spending and you'll cut some spending out? Or is it that you'll keep 
the same amount of spending, but just spend it differently? 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Yeah. Kartik, right now we're not breaking down all the details on the tax business for some of 
the obvious reasons, as we have a lot of time left between now and then. Let me give you a philosophical answer to the 
question. We think the best investment we can make right now in TurboTax is taking a big step forward and making the 
product drop-dead simple. And that's where all of our energy is going towards. We also made a decision over the 
off-season to move to a new agency, Wieden+Kennedy, you may be familiar with them. They do the Nike ads. They 
did the Procter & Gamble, I Love Moms ads in the Olympics. And they have really been helping us think differently 
about how to be much more effective with our advertising. 

So right now our energy is more on getting the product great and making sure we have the most effective advertising, 
and then our investment decisions will be driven from that. And we'll share a little more about that as we get a little bit 
closer to the starting gun. 

<Q - Kartik Mehta>: And then just, Brad, any thoughts on why tax filings were down this year? It seems to be 
something that's – that yet has been answered. And I just wanted your perspective on as you analyze the data, why you 
thought they were down? And maybe why you anticipate next year to be flat to maybe up 1%, compared to the normal? 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Kartik, I really wished that I had an answer. I think we're not alone here and we've being 
reaching out and having dialogue and conversations. I can tell you what we've seen. We have seen the number of tax 
filing extensions go up about 10% in our Consumer Tax business and about 20% in our ProTax business, so people 


went beyond April 15. But even if that were an industry-wide trend, that still doesn't bring the IRS returns back to the 
original forecasted level that people thought. That basically would mean they were flat year-over-year. So the real 
question is what happened to the typical 1% to 2% growth you would get when unemployment is at the levels it is now. 

And honestly, I don't have a good answer. We're looking for one. So what we're doing right now is putting our energy 
into controlling what we can control and hopefully with the IRS we can sort this out as we head into next season. 

<Q - Kartik Mehta>: Thank you very much. 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Walter Pritchard from Citi. 

<Q - Walter H. Pritchard>: Hi. Thanks. Just two product questions. First, on the Demandforce side, I'm wondering if 
you can talk about sort of your satisfaction with the performance of that business during fiscal 2013? And if that level 
of performance makes you want to double down there, because you do have a fairly small position in the front-end 
market versus things like payroll payments and core financial software? 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Yeah, Walter, we were delighted with our performance in Demandforce this year. You know it's 
no easy feat when you acquire a fast-growing company, and you bring two cultures together, and you try to get used to 
each other's acronyms and all the different things that happened. And at the end of the day, this team not only stayed 
laser focused, they taught us a ton. 

And what was – most importantly, they thought us how to be scrappy. They went in and worked with the QuickBooks 
data without having to interfere with QuickBooks. They used the APIs. They found a way to get the product integrated 
with QuickBooks. And as a result, they've been cross-selling into the QuickBooks base and now it's one of their fastest 
growing verticals. And so we've really been pleased with their performance. Their subscribers were up 40% again in 
the fourth quarter. 

In terms of the front office, you just put your finger on it. This is an area we think we now have a toehold in with 
Demandforce. And if there's an area that we want to continue to double-down in, it's expanding into the front office. 
They have some neat ideas that they're working on and building now and it may also include partnerships or even 
potential small acquisitions over time. But this is definitely a big important problem for small businesses and 
Demandforce now gives us a great foundation to build upon. 

<Q - Walter H. Pritchard>: And then just a product question on the tax side, last couple of years we've heard from 
you about pulling customers out of the assisted channel required you to provide some level of assistance yourself and 
you've tried the telephone assistance now for two years. And I'm wondering as we think about – I guess I don't feel like 
we've heard a lot about that on this call. And I'm wondering, Brad, if you've changed your philosophy there around 
what it requires to pull customers out of the assisted channel, if you still have to provide some level of support and sort 
of handholding to convince the customer to move over? 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Yeah, Walter, we are going to spend a little more time on this in September when we get 
together for Investor Day. But I would tell you that we still see the same data. There's a group of people out there that 
are what we call delegators. No matter what you do they're going to feel more comfortable going to someone else to do 
their taxes or they're just going to feel that that's what they want to do. They just don't want to waste any time on it. 

And the good news is their preferred method when they do that is to go to a CPA. That's the largest segment of the 
assisted category. It's the only one that actually grows a little bit year-over-year. And we happen to be the market share 
leader in the CPA-prepared segment with our ProSeries and Lacerte product. So we want to make sure for those people 
who want assistance, we've got the absolute best solutions for our CPAs. 


And then for the do-it-yourself category, you got a group of people out there that want this thing to be drop-dead simple 
and to get them the maximum refund at the best price. And so we're now taking big steps forward to continue our 
leadership position in TurboTax. 

In terms of this phone assistance model, I would tell you we learned a lot. It primarily helped people that are already 
using TurboTax to get their questions answered. So it had a little bit of an impact on retention, which was positive. It 
was not sufficient and not enough for us to convince people to change their method and come into the do-it-yourself 
segment. But we are now running a couple of other experiments that we've seen some promising results on. And that 
includes how do we connect customers that are going to a CPA today – or excuse me, using TurboTax today to 
potentially to a CPA. 

And so between our two product sets, we think we have an opportunity to begin to give customers choice. And that's 
what we'll spend a little more time talking about as we get closer to tax season. 

<Q - Walter H. Pritchard>: Great. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: All right. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Jim MacDonald from First Analysis. 

<Q - James MacDonald>: Yeah, guys, just one more on tax volume. What is your thinking now about any impact 
from the Affordable Care Act next year? 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Jim, this one's going to be a hard one to call. You see the news, and read the press, and hear the 
commentary just like we do. And there's still a lot of stuff evolving and a lot of open questions around how it's going to 
play out. Probably the best answer we can give you is we went back and looked at what happened in the State of 
Massachusetts when a similar program – now admittedly, it was not a national program. It didn't have all the press and 
the hoopla of what we're reading right now. 

But in State of Massachusetts it was a pretty important legislation and they implemented it through the tax code, just 
like they plan to do at the federal level. And we went back and looked and what did consumers do when faced with 
decision? And what were their tax preparation decisions? 

And what we saw was there was no shift away from tax software into a paid preparer. And we also did not see a 
significant increase in the number of people filing taxes. So we didn't see a cataclysmic or significant change in 
Massachusetts. 

Now I'll tell you what we're not doing, we're not taking that as fait accompli. We've got dedicated team on it. We have 
been working with partners in the industry. We have been working with the agencies. And we plan to have the absolute 
best set of answers for our customers that we'll talk a lot more about when we get closer to season. 

But we at least can fall back on answering your question with a set of facts. And those facts are if Massachusetts is any 
sort of a predictor of what happens at the national level, it didn't look like it drove a lot of people into the tax system 
and it didn't look like it changed a lot of peoples' preparation method decisions. 

<Q - James MacDonald>: Thanks. And as a follow-up, it seems like you've done several small or venture e-type 
investments lately. Is that a new strategy? Or just they all happened to come at once? Or could you talk about that? 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Do you want to talk about that one, Neil? 

<A - R. Neil Williams>: Sure. Jim, it's Neil. Again, it's kind of opportunistic. We have a – we have an organic – 
inorganic roadmap for each one of our business units. We know skills and attributes they're looking for, product 
enhancements they're looking for. And we've gotten fortunate lately to come – run into some people we think can really 
help us accelerate our growth. And we've made couple of small – couple of small deals, including some that are tied to 


some of the front office based things you're talking about. 

But these are a great way, we believe, to build our capability and to speed our time to market. But I wouldn't tell you 
that we're doing a Student Body Right to either one. It just takes – it's more opportunistic of what comes along that fits 
our need and that fits the inorganic roadmaps we have for each business unit. So we like those. We think they're going 
to be great for us. But that's kind of how they came about. 

<Q - James MacDonald>: So just to clarify, they're more strategic not just to kind of make money as a venture 
capitalist? 

<A - R. Neil Williams>: No. Correct. Yeah, we don't do anything just from a VC perspective. We're all looking – 
we're always looking for something that we either we think we'll learn from, something that we think we might have an 
interest in longer-term or some talent that's going to be able to help us – help us in the short run. We don't – we're not in 
the VC business and so, no, we don't make any investments along on those lines. 

<Q - James MacDonald>: Okay. Thanks very much. 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jennifer Lowe from Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Jennifer S. Lowe>: So just a one quick clarification question and I have a follow-up or another one. But relative 
to the discussion earlier about the extensions, the number of extensions being greater than what we've seen in the past 
and potentially that's one factor behind the tax growth being weaker this year at an IRS level. Does your guidance 
assume that any of that comes back when people need to file those extended taxes later this year? Or is that something 
that potentially could be a source of upside if you see a catch-up from underperformance last year? 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Yeah. Jennifer, our guidance today, we have our best assumptions in of what we think a 
normalized tax season would look like, if you didn't have late legislation or some of the anomalies that hit this year. We 
can't tell you that we've got digital precision on it, but we did our best to try to normalize what we thought would 
happen and put that into our guidance. The one thing I would tell you is the people filing taxes in consumer tax, we saw 
a year-over-year increase last year, too. And it was about 10%. 

The Pro segment's up a little bit more than we typically have seen, but the Consumer segment's been shifting a little 
more to filing later and even asking for extensions. So it really wasn't that big of an anomaly for TurboTax. It was a 
slightly larger one for our CPA-prepared segment. And we've done our very best in our forecast to at least capture what 
we think's going to happen next year. 

<Q - Jennifer S. Lowe>: Great. And then maybe just going back to some of the earlier questions. As you think about 
the next couple of tax seasons and the potential to better leverage the live assistance and things like that within your 
customer base, how do you – when you think about the prioritization of investments and strategic you could do in tax to 
reinvigorate the category and the share growth, how do you balance that against the potential profitability or margin 
attached to that business? So if you – is there sort of a nominal limit of how much you're willing to spend to 
reinvigorate the growth there? Is the priority margins? Or is the priority top line? 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Yeah. Jennifer, Neil, did you want to take this one? 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Well, I mean, I was just going to say – yeah, we're both jumping at this, Jennifer, just because 
the priority is always growing customers. And it's always growing the business. Margins are something that come to 
this business very well and very naturally when the business is growing. So huge focus on continuing to get more 
customers into the franchise and have a product offering that motivates that large group of people we know that go to 
assisted prep methods today, who have a relatively easy return to complete. And so, that's the big focus. 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: Yeah. And, Jennifer, just a case in point to illustrate Neil's answer there, this past year our 
Consumer Tax business, as you know, grew about 4%. And we still invested in an incremental 20% in marketing to try 
to get at that number and try to get it to grow faster and we still expanded the margins over 100 basis points in 
Consumer Tax. The marginal profit on every unit we sell is more profitable than the prior unit because the digital 
COGS are so low that this is a highly scalable business. And so we will always focus on driving customers and that in 


turn will give us the margin expansion. And we don't think we have to trade off one for the other. 

<Q - Jennifer S. Lowe>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Nandan Amladi from Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Jobin G. Mathew>: Hi, this is Jobin Mathew on behalf of Nandan. Thanks for taking my question. So I just had a 
question on QuickBooks international product. So it seems like growth in this business has kind of accelerated to 
around 20% growth sequentially, from about low teens last quarter. So is this a function of you expanding into new 
markets? Or is this a function of existing investments in your core markets really taking off and more customers 
adopting your product? Thanks. 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: You're welcome. So the international growth story for us is as we've narrowed in on Canada, the 
UK, Australia and India, we've gotten better lessons learned on how to improve the people who come in and go into a 
trial period and get them to convert into a paid subscriber. So by narrowing our focus on these four countries, we're 
getting a better yield on our marketing efforts and we're also making faster improvements to localizing the product. 

So it's really the result of us just getting much more narrow and having faster learnings and faster cycles in improving 
the product experience for the customer that is driving that growth. At the same time, as you know, we turned 
QuickBooks Online into a platform. So even though we're focused on these four countries, we currently have paying 
customers in over 100 countries. 

In those countries, they can download the products. They can go in and make changes to the language themselves. They 
can help us localize the taxes and it's much more of an organic process. And we've got our eye on the radar to say, 
which is the next country that seems to have the strongest demand? And that'll be the one we choose to add as the fifth 
priority. 

But right now the results you're seeing accelerating is primarily coming from a focus on these four countries and just 
making faster cycles to localize the product and improve the go-to-market experience. 

<Q - Jobin G. Mathew>: Got it. Okay. One final question if I may. In your initial fiscal 2014 guidance, what are your 
assumptions for unit growth versus pricing growth across the businesses? Thanks. 

<A - R. Neil Williams>: Units, units, units. Predominantly, most of the increase you see in revenue is coming from 
units. It's coming from customers. And it's coming from cross-sell. We look very carefully in our operating reviews and 
in our planned reviews for revenue growth that's being driven predominantly by price and that's something that we 
don't want to lean on for obvious reasons. And so the lion share of the revenue increase you see coming in is from new 
customers. 

<Q - Jobin G. Mathew>: Got it. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross MacMillan from Jefferies. 

<Q - Ross MacMillan>: ...taking my questions. Maybe the first one just to circle back on Consumer Tax, Brad. I had 
just a clarification, so this past season, you grew 4% and aggregate filers were down 70 basis points. And you also had 
a headwind on revenue per unit. This season forward, you're saying 4% to 5% and I think you commented that you 
would expect obviously to move past that revenue per unit headwind. And also you'd expect to see some better 
outcome on aggregate filers. And I'm just curious as to maybe why it isn't a little bit higher therefore rather than just 
one point? Or even actually half a point at the midpoint, if you will, given those two factors that could be better? Is 
there anything else that goes into that math for the guidance that I'm missing? 


<A - Brad D. Smith>: No. As you know, we're trying to provide ranges here. So, we've got those IRS filings in the 0% 
to 1% range. So that's either going to be no help to TurboTax or an extra point. We've got the digital category growing 
in that 4% to 5% range. That's a little bit faster than this year. And so, ultimately, what we see happening there is 
maybe picking up two or three points for TurboTax growth. We're going to hold share or pick up a point of share, so 
that's a 0% to 1% on the guidance. And ultimately, our goal here is focusing on growing customers. 

And so we may have more people opting into the free version or the very simple version. And that has a little bit of a 
headwind impact on our revenue per return and we're fine with that. Because as you know, we've been able to 
demonstrate that next year, we can get them go free to paid and we can actually have them be more profitable on a 
revenue per customer basis. 

So this is all about focusing on customer growth, market share and we're trying to be very prudent in the guidance that 
we're forecasting for Consumer Tax, as a result of that. 

<Q - Ross MacMillan>: That's helpful. And maybe just one other question. Actually, the way I look at your 
QuickBooks business, as I sum desktop units and the sub adds, and I think now for two quarters in a row that's been 
positive growth, which is very positive, because you're growing absolute units whether subscribers or desktop. Is that a 
function of this acceleration you're seeing on online? Or the subscription users? Or is it also do you think a function of 
improving end market dynamics? Are you seeing anything in your data that suggests new business creation is picking 
up? Or any other creation is picking up? Or any other dynamics from a macro cycle standpoint that look encouraging? 
Thanks. 

<Q - Ross MacMillan>: Yeah. Ross, a two-part answer, I'll start with the macro piece first. Unfortunately, we're not 
seeing a significant improvement in the macro. In fact, our own leading indicators and our own employment indices 
that we produce on a monthly basis suggest that it is very tough slogging out there for small businesses. They're not 
growing their revenue month-over-month. In fact, the employment index was down slightly in the last report we've put 
out. 

And so that's still a challenging environment. So, we can't tell you that we're seeing that sort of a positive improvement. 
What we are seeing is exactly what you highlighted. We've now crossed the tipping point in the small business 
QuickBooks base. We have a large base of almost a half a million people using QuickBooks Online, growing at 28%. 
We also have a group of people that are subscribing to the QuickBooks Desktop product, and that's growing 23%. And 
you put those together with our Enterprise, which is a subscription business, and you now have three-quarters of a 
million customers growing north of 20%. And they're more than offsetting that decline of QuickBooks Desktop, which 
has gone down about 6% quarter-over-quarter. 

So, we think that we now have enough critical mass. And we saw this happen in TurboTax in 2005, 2006, where we 
started seeing more people go the cloud and it outran the decline in the desktop side and basically continued to help us 
drive our unit growth. And we believe we're getting close that point now in QuickBooks. 

<Q - Ross MacMillan>: That's really helpful. Thank you. 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Millman from Millman Research. 

<Q - Michael Millman>: Thank you. Several tax questions. Units, units, units, so on TurboTax is there some price 
sensitivity that would get you more units? Is TaxSlayer and TaxAdvantage showing you something on pricing? Second 
question is maybe you can give us some breakdown of the growth of online, just online? How much of that is coming 
from desktop switching? How much may be coming from paper and pencil? How much of that may be coming from 
assisted? And maybe you can talk a little bit about GoodApril, where that's going to fit in? If that meets some particular 
inorganic need that you talked about? Thank you. 


<A - Brad D. Smith>: Okay. Thanks, Michael. I'll take these one at a time. First of all, on the price sensitivity 
question, all of us start with a free product. And so it's very difficult for anyone to get more aggressive on free. We do 
have some players out there – you just named a couple of them – that tend to have a low price point once you get into 
the paid segment. We have not seen our market share go in their direction. 

Our half a point or less a half a point of online share that we lost did not go to those smaller players. And so we don't 
view price sensitivity as an issue. We view making sure that we have such a compelling product experience that our 
Net Promoter Score has to be at least 10 points higher than our competition. And if we do that, we don't have to worry 
about whether or not someone is $5 or $10 cheaper. That's why we're putting all of our energy into having a great very 
simple product. 

The second one is the sources of growth for online. Manual has really pretty much gone down to zero now. It's just a 
handful of millions of customers. And those are benefiting us, tax stores and CPAs pretty much in an equal share. As 
we look at it, it looks like they all go about a third, a third and a third. So there really isn't a benefit there. 

Where we see growth coming in online is a combination of first-time filers who enter the category. These are 3 million 
to 5 million first-time filers, and they tend to have a digital orientation, because most things we do in our lives now are 
digital. The fact is we are seeing people shift away from desktop and into the online version because it's just the 
conveyance of doing it on a mobile phone, or a tablet or the internet. 

And the third is we continue to see that we take people out of assisted prep methods. Now – right now, we tend to get 
back about as many as we take away. And so our opportunity is how to retain them once we get them. But those are the 
sources of growth for online. It's first-time filers. It's the ability to get us to go from desktop to online customers. And 
the third is to take them away from assisted prep methods. The key is not to lose them once we have them. And that's 
what driving online. 

Your last question was Good April. For those who don't know, Good April was a very small acquisition we did, a talent 
and technology tuck-in for TurboTax. They had a very interesting concept they came to market with, which basically 
helps you today figure out what your potential refund could be next tax season. We felt this talent was highly 
entrepreneurial and they're not only going to help us begin to think about how to have people make better decisions 
today that will impact their tax refund, but they're going to work on our Affordable Care Act team. Because as you 
have to think about, well, what are the healthcare decisions they're making today that may have tax implications, there's 
no better team than a group of these entrepreneurs who are already thinking about how to do that today. So that's the 
role they fit into our TurboTax scheme of right now. 

<Q - Michael Millman>: Great. Thank you, Brad. 

<A - Brad D. Smith>: All right. Thank you, Michael. 

Operator 

Thank you. And our last question comes from Yun Kim from Janney Capital Markets. 

<Q - Yun S. Kim>: Thank you. So following-up on Jennifer's question, just wanted to get your view on the margins, 
along with your view on revenue growth between Small Business Group segment and Tax segment for next year, and 
for your multi-year outlook you put out? How should we think about which business segment is going to drive the 
margin expansion this year? And also over the next three to five years, given that you're likely to be more in a 
investment mode in the Small Business segment, while the Consumer Tax business is facing a lower revenue growth 
prospect? 

<A - R. Neil Williams>: Yeah, Yun, this is Neil. I think as you see our results that we'll report for the three reportable 
segments in 2014, my expectation is that you'll see margin expansion in Small Business, Consumer Tax and in the 
ProTax category. We're not going to get more specific than that right now and we don't want to be – pin ourselves too 
down – down too much in case we see additional opportunities. But if we put our guidance together, as we think about 


our plans for 2014, we see opportunity to grow revenue and our operating income best in revenue really in all three big 
segments. We'll wait and see how the year plays out, but that's our expectation at this point. 

<Q - Yun S. Kim>: Okay. And in terms of – in light of the margin impact that you guys saw with that Demandforce 
acquisition and your plan to be more acquisitive, does that really impact of how big of an acquisition that you could 
make going forward? 

<A - R. Neil Williams>: That's a great question, Yun. And thank you for giving me the opportunity to expand on my 
prior answer. We're not solving for margin percentage necessarily at the expense of growth. If we saw a great 
opportunity like Demandforce, we'd be very excited about that and I think we would focus more on the growth in 
customers, and the growth in revenue on the top line, and feel comfortable about our ability to manage the margin 
impacts over time. 

So I wouldn't – I don't see our margin goals or our margin guidance to be a restraint or a barrier at all to top-line 
growth. And if we saw a big opportunity to accelerate on that side, we would clearly prioritize customer growth and 
top-line growth. We can get margin expansion. We're pretty comfortable with that. 

<Q - Yun S. Kim>: Okay, great. Thanks, Neil. 

Operator 

Thank you. And I'm showing no further questions at this time. Would you like to close with any additional remarks? 

Brad D. Smith 

Yeah, I sure would, Sayid, thank you. Again, we really appreciate everyone's time today and the thoughtful questions. 
We realized there's been a lot of moving parts this past quarter and this past year. And I hope that we've helped to work 
through some of those answers today. I do want to encourage you, at the risk of being redundant, to try to make every 
effort to attend our Investor Day on September 24. This is going to be a little bit different. We plan to show you how it 
all fits together with some of the changes we've just gone through. And we also plan to share some meaningful news. 
So, hopefully, we'll see you at Investor Day on September 24. 

And with that, I hope everybody has a great reminder of the season. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference call. This concludes our program. You may all 
disconnect and have a wonderful day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


