Q3 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Calvin Darling, Investor Relations 
• Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Marshall L. Mohr, Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President 
• Aleks Cukic, Vice President, Strategy 
Other Participants 

• Ben Andrew 
• Tycho Peterson 
• Sameer Harish 
• David Roman 
• Frederick Wise 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Intuitive Surgical Q3 earnings conference call. At 
this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. You will have an opportunity to ask questions after the presentation. 
[Operator instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over 
to our host, Mr. Calvin Darling, director of financial planning and analysis for Intuitive Surgical. Please go ahead. 

Calvin Darling, Investor Relations 

Good afternoon, and welcome to Intuitive Surgical's third quarter conference call. with me today we have Gary 
Guthart, our president and CEO; Marshall Mohr, our chief financial officer; and Aleks Cukic, our vice president of 
strategic planning. 

Before we begin, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today's call may be deemed to contain 
forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied as a result of certain 
risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in the company's Securities and Exchange 
Commission filings. Prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking 
statements. Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website at 
intuitivesurgical.com on the audio archive section under our investor relations page. In addition, today's press release 
has been posted to our website. 

Today's format will consist providing you with the highlights of our third quarter results, as described in our press 
release, followed by a question-and-answer session. Gary will present the quarter's business and operational highlights, 
Marshall will provide a review of our third quarter financial results, Aleks will discuss marketing and clinical 
highlights, then I will provide an update to our forecast for 2010. And finally, we will host a question and answer 
session. With that, I'll turn it over to Gary. 


Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer 

Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us on the call today. In what is historically a seasonally challenging quarter, 
Q3 2010 provided some added macroeconomic headwinds. In the face of these challenges our Procedures showed 
slight growth sequentially from Q2 and 33% growth over Q3 2009. In Systems we sold 105 da Vinci systems in the 
quarter, up from 86 systems in Q3 2009, and acceptance our Si system and dual consoles was strong. In absolute 
numbers, gynecology continued to show strength, adding the most procedures in the quarter, with contributions from 
both benign and malignant conditions. 

While Q3 is seasonally slow in Europe, prior-year comparisons show relatively strength in European procedures. 
Pull-through procedures in gynecology and urology also reflect positive trends. Emerging procedures continue to 
expand, exhibiting strong sequential quarterly growth. Da Vinci Lobectomy, da Vinci Low Anterior Resection, and da 
Vinci TransOral Surgery are delivering strong patient value are being adopted well. On a relative basis, the procedure 
counts are still fairly small, however their early growth rates remain encouraging. 

Before summarizing Q3 highlights, I'd like to remind you that third quarter 2009 included a revenue deferral associated 
with an upgrade offer related to the introduction of our Si system. Comparisons that follow exclude the deferral. 
Operating highlights for the third quarter were as follows: Procedures grew 33% over the third quarter of 2009. We 
sold 105 da Vinci surgical systems, up from 86 during the third quarter of last year. Total revenue was 344 million, up 
26% over Q3 2009. Instrument and accessory revenue was 128 million, up 27% over last year. Total recurring revenue 
grew to 185 million, up 28% from prior year and comprising 54% of total revenue. Net income was 87 million, up 43% 
over last year. 

We generated an operating profit of 163 million before non-cash stock option expense, up 32% from the third quarter 
of last year. We ended the quarter with 1,621 million in cash and investments, up 33 million from last quarter and up 
597 million from third quarter of 2009. Significant cash outlays during the quarter included 50 million invested in 
intellectual property, related technologies and fixed assets, and 59 million in stock repurchases. Excluding the impact 
of these outlays, as well as 17 million from stock proceeds and 2 million returned from working capital, we generated 
126 million in gross cash flow from operations, which is 145% of our reported GAAP net income in the third quarter. 

We have been making substantive investments in our clinical sales force and in new product development throughout 
the year. We believe that close clinical sales support of emerging and high growth procedures is an important catalyst 
for achieving procedure adoption. However, reaching territory productivity for a new sales hire does not happen 
immediately. It is a multi-month process, so that hires made earlier in the year are just coming on-line in the field now. 
We will continue to measure the productivity of these investments, and we will adjust our spending as needed. 

This quarter we added an additional 92 people to our team, predominantly in sales, manufacturing and R&D, bringing 
our total team to 1,568 employees. In product development and research, our teams are driving advancements in our 
focus areas. Our instrument development teams are progressing in developing robotic stapling and energy instruments, 
as well as various specialty-specific instruments. We are improving and expanding our imaging capability through 
investments in image acquisition technologies and fluorescence imaging. We are developing patient-side technologies 
that allow for single-port robotic surgery. And finally, we are making substantial progress in bringing to market 
surgical simulation and networking. 

Lastly, we have seen a shift in the approach to new product approvals by the FDA. These changes appear to be 
extending timelines from past norms, and we cannot predict with certainty when a new product will receive approval. 
We are confident in the utility and the quality of our new products going through the approval process, and are focusing 
our regulatory teams on clean execution to meet the needs of FDA. We will announce the availability of new products 
as they are ready to ship. 

In summary, developing and expanding procedures with strong patient value and outstanding organizational execution 
remain our focus, with particular emphasis in execution in our clinical sales force and in our product development and 
regulatory teams. I will now pass the time over to Marshall, our chief financial officer. . 


Marshall L. Mohr, Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President 

Thank you, Gary. Prior to providing you with the details of our third quarter results, I would like to provide you with a 
quick review of the deferral accounting that took place in 2009, which sets into context the proper comparables. Last 
year we offered certain first-quarter 2009 customers with the opportunity to upgrade their da Vinci S systems to da 
Vinci Si systems at a discount to the otherwise list price for such an upgrade. We also offered those customers the 
opportunity to return da Vinci S accessories in exchange for da Vinci Si accessories. 

As a result, we deferred a total of 20 million of revenue in the first quarter of 2009, comprised of 18 million of System 
revenue associated with system upgrade offers and 2 million of Accessory revenue. We recognized 14 million of the 20 
million deferral in our second quarter of 2009, and the remaining 6 million in the third quarter of 2009. 

I will now walk you through our revenue results with comparisons to the third quarter of 2009 as though this deferral 
had not occurred. Our third quarter 2010 revenue was 344 million, up 26% compared with 274 million for the third 
quarter of 2009, and down 2% compared with 351 million for the second quarter of 2010. Third quarter revenues by 
product category were as follows. Third quarter instrument and accessory revenue was 128 million, up 27% compared 
with 100 million for the third quarter of 2009, and approximately equal to the 128 million in the second quarter of 
2010. 

The timing of customer stocking orders varies from customer to customer, and are regularly placed after the da Vinci 
robot is shipped or installed. Fewer stocking orders were completed and a higher carryover of stocking orders existed in 
the third quarter compared to the second quarter. Excluding stocking orders, growth in Instrument and Accessory 
revenue was slightly lower than the Procedure growth, as we would expect. Instrument and Accessory revenue realized 
per procedure, including initial stocking orders, was approximately $1,840 per procedure, which is lower than the third 
quarter of 2009 by approximately $80 and approximately $30 lower than the second quarter of 2010. 

The changes in instrument and accessory revenue per procedure primarily reflect changes in, and the impact of, 
stocking orders. We expect instruments and accessories per procedure to decline slowly over time, given that initial 
stocking orders have a lower impact on a larger installed base. 

Third quarter 2010 Systems revenue of 160 million increased 23% compared with 130 million of Systems revenue for 
the third quarter of 2009, and decreased 5% compared with 168 million of Systems revenue for the second quarter. We 
sold 105 systems in the third quarter of 2010 compared with 86 systems last year, and 108 systems last quarter. Our 
third-quarter average sales price per system, including all da Vinci models but excluding upgrades and the deferral 
revenue, was 1.43 million, an increase from the 1.39 million realized in the third quarter of 2009, and a decrease from 
the 1.48 million realized the in the second quarter. 

The increase compared to the prior year reflects an increase in the proportion of SI and SI dual console systems, which 
carry a higher ASP. The decrease in average sales price per system compared with the prior quarter is primarily the 
result of the mix of customers and the reduction in the value of our euro-to-dollar hedging position. As we indicated 
last quarter, the mix of systems and customers, and therefore, ASPs, in the first and second quarters of this year have 
been more favorable than we normally expect. We lock in hedges for most of our forecasted direct European system 
sales every six months. The rates locked in for July to December are lower than the rates recognized in the first six 
months of 2010 by approximately 15%. 

Third quarter systems revenue also included 10 million of upgrade revenue, compared to 10 million in the third quarter 
of 2009 and 8 million in the second quarter of 2010. Service revenue increased to 57 million, up 31% compared with 
44 million last year and up 3% compared with 55 million last quarter. The growth in Service revenue was primarily 
driven by a larger system installed base, and an increase in the mix of Si's, which carry higher annual service fees. 

Total third quarter recurring revenue, comprised of Instrument, Accessory, and Service revenue, increased to 185 
million, up 28% compared with the third quarter of 2009 and up 1% compared with the second quarter of 2010. 
Recurring revenue represented 54% of total third-quarter revenue, compared with 53% in the third quarter last year and 
52% last quarter. 


Revenue by geography was as follows: Non-U.S. revenue represented 17% of our total revenue in the quarter, 
compared with 19% of total revenue in the third quarter of 2009 and 18% of total revenue in the second quarter of 
2010. The decline in the proportion of non-U.S. revenue relative to total revenue reflects growth in the U.S. business. 
Non-U.S. procedures grew faster – at a faster pace than U.S. procedures on a year-to-year basis, although Q3 did reflect 
seasonality and a sequential decline. 

We sold 22 systems outside the U.S., compared with 14 in the third quarter of 2009 and 22 last quarter. Four of the 
systems sold in the third quarter and one of the systems sold in the second quarter of 2010 were to Japanese customers. 
We sold 16 systems in Europe this quarter, or two more than the past quarter and eight more than the last – than last 
year. However, the capital sales market in Europe continues to be challenging, reflecting the macroeconomic 
environment. 

Moving on to the remainder of the P&L, let me remind you that there were no costs deferred in conjunction with the 
2009 revenue deferral, and therefore the 20 million deferral and subsequent reversals had an equal impact on revenue, 
gross profit add operating income. Gross margin in the third quarter was 73%, compared with third quarter 2009 gross 
margin, excluding the impact of the deferral, of 70%, and compared with second quarter 2010 gross margin of 73%. 
The increase in gross margin compared to the prior year reflects increased system ASPs, material cost reductions, and 
absorption of fixed cots over a larger revenue base. Compared to the prior quarter, lower manufacturing costs were 
offset by lower system ASPs. 

Third quarter 2010 operating expenses of 119 million were up 25% compared with the third quarter of 2009, and up 1% 
compared with the second quarter. The quarter-over-quarter increase reflects costs associated with employees added 
during the quarter, partially offset by a decrease in R&D spending. The decrease in R&D spending reflects lower 
prototype costs, due to the lumpy nature of prototype purchasing which will likely be incurred in the fourth quarter. We 
added 92 employees in the quarter, including 77 employees in the sales and service organization as we continue to 
expand our clinical sales force, and 10 employees in operation. 

Third quarter 2010 operating income was 132 million or 38% of sales, compared with 98 million or 36% of sales for 
the third quarter of 2009, excluding the impact of the deferral, and 140 million or 40% of sales for the second quarter of 
2010. Third quarter 2010 operating income reflected 30 million of non-cash stock compensation expense, compared 
with 25 million for the third quarter of 2009 and 30 million last quarter. The growth in non-cash compensation reflects 
our annual grant, made February 15th of each year, and the increase in the number of employees. 

Our effective tax rate for the third quarter of 37% was lower than our 2009 rate of 41%, reflecting the implementation 
of our international tax structure. Our third quarter rate was lower than the rate for the second quarter of 39%. Our net 
income was 87 million, or $2.14 per share, compared with 61 million or $1.55 per share for the third quarter of 2009, 
excluding the impact of the deferral, and 89 million or $2.19 cents per share for the second quarter of 2010. 

Let me quickly summarize our results for the first nine months of 2010. The first quarter of 2009 deferrals did not have 
an impact on the nine-month 2009 information. Procedures grew by 35% for the first nine months of 2010. Total 
revenue for the first nine months of 2010 was 1.024 billion, up 40% compared with 729 million last year. This included 
recurring revenue growth of 35% and an increase in Systems revenue of 47%. Operating income for the first nine 
months of 2010 was 402 million, up 61% compared with 249 million last year. Operating income included 88 million 
of stock-based compensation charges in the first nine months of 2010, compared with 72 million in 2009. Net income 
for the first nine months of 2010 was 261 million, or $6.45 per share, compared with 155 million or $3.97 per share last 
year. 

Now moving to the balance sheet. We ended the third quarter of 2010 with cash and investments of 1.621 billion, up 33 
million compared with June 30, 2010. The increase during the quarter reflects 126 million of cash flows from operation 
and 17 million from the exercise of stock options, partially offset by 59 million of stock buy-backs and 50 million of 
capital and IP purchases. In July our board authorized 150 million to buy back shares. Considering the previous 
authorization and buyback activity, we currently have 241 million authorized to buy back shares. 


Our accounts receivable balance increased to 208 million at September 30th from 155 million at June 30th, reflecting 
the timing of revenue. Our net inventory increased to 85 million at September 30th from 74 million at June 30th. The 
increase reflects safety stock to ensure adequate supply of certain components and inventory associated with 
yet-to-be-released products. And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Aleks, who will go over our sales, marketing and 
clinical highlights. 

Aleks Cukic, Vice President, Strategy 

Thank you, Marshall. During the third quarter we sold 105 da Vinci systems, 83 in the United States, 16 in Europe, and 
6 into rest-of-world markets. As part of the 105 system sales, 15 standard da Vinci systems were traded if for credit 
against sales for new da Vinci SI systems. We had a net 90 system additions to the installed base during the quarter, 
which brings to 1,661 the cumulative number of da Vinci systems worldwide: 1,228 in the U.S., 292 in Europe, and 
141 in rest-of-world markets. 45 of the 105 systems installed represented repeat system sales to existing customers. 
Also during the quarter, 10 customers purchased upgrades to convert their da Vinci S systems into da Vinci SI systems. 
Internationally, we sold 5 da Vinci systems in Spain, 4 into the countries of Germany and Japan, and 3 into France. 

Clinically, we had a solid quarter with GYN, and more specifically benign dVH, contributing the greatest absolute 
growth. While dVH for malignant conditions showed very good sequential growth, benign dVH growth was stronger, 
both in actual procedure growth and in percentage growth. Additional categories of growth included ENT, colorectal, 
and thoracic surgery. As one would expect with dVP flattening in the U.S. and seasonality in O-U.S. Markets, our 
urology growth was tempered. On a year-over-year comparison, overall third quarter procedures grew by 
approximately 33%. Also during the quarter, over 250 da Vinci-related clinical publications and abstracts, representing 
multiple surgical specialties, appeared within the various peer review journals. 

DVH for benign conditions has become a significant driver of our overall business. And within this target, comparisons 
between dVH and traditional LAVH, and laparoscopic supracervical or LSH, are beginning to emerge. For background, 
in LSH is a less complete resection than a total hysterectomy, but an appropriate option for some patients. In LSH, the 
cervix is left in place and only the uterus is extracted. In some ways it can be thought of as a partial hysterectomy. 

A recent study comparing the three techniques was published in the Journal of Robotic Surgery. The survey was 
entitled "Comparison of minimally invasive surgical approaches for hysterectomy at a community hospital," and it 
emanated out of the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology at Spartanburg Regional Medical Center in Spartanburg, 
South Carolina. The study included patient cohorts comprised of the first 237 patients undergoing a dVH, the last 265 
patients undergoing an LAVH, and 87 patients undergoing an LSH. 

Among the dVH patients were cases of greater complexity, that included a higher prevalence of prior abdominal pelvic 
surgery than found among the LAVH patients, as well as an increased number of procedures for endometriosis and 
pelvic reconstruction. And finally, patients which had greater uterine weights, greater by an average of 35%. Despite 
added case complexity, operative time was significantly lower in dVH than LAVH: 90 minutes compared to 125 
minutes, and similar to that of LSH. Blood loss was also less in the dVH patients as compared to LAVH: 59 milliliters 
compared to 168 milliliters, and similar to LSH. And hospitalization was shorter for dVH than LAVH and LSH: 1.0 
days, compared to 1.2 days for the others. 

In their summary the authors stated the following, and I quote: "Our analysis of the learning curves suggest that 
operative time for robotic-assisted laparoscopic hysterectomy may continue to improve beyond the initial patient series 
despite the increased complexity of cases undergoing this procedure. The results of this study lend support to the small 
but growing body of literature describing the benefits of robotic-assisted laparoscopic hysterectomy over conventional 
laparoscopic-assisted vaginal hysterectomy." 

With dVP growth in the United States flattening, we look to Europe and other O-U.S. markets as fertile growth 
opportunities. In addition, clinical data comparing long term outcomes in patients undergoing prostatectomy versus 
alternative treatments for organ-confined disease is demonstrating the advantages of prostatectomy in long-term 
survival. In a recent publication of the journal Cancer, surgeons and researchers from the University of California at 


San Francisco, and Memorial Sloan-Kettering, working from the nation's largest prostate cancer registry, CaPSURE, 
compared cancer-specific mortality outcomes among men who underwent radical prostatectomy, men who received 
external beam radiation therapy, and men who received primary androgen deprivation therapy. 

In the current study, 7,538 men with localized disease were analyzed. Prostate cancer risk was assessed using two 
well-validated instruments that were calculated from clinical data at the time of diagnoses. Then, a parametric survival 
model was constructed to compare outcomes across treatments, adjusting for risk and age. The results: in total, 266 
men died of prostate cancer during the follow-up. Adjusting for risk and age, the hazard ratio for cancer-specific 
mortality relative to prostatectomy was 2.21 for radiation therapy and 3.22 for androgen deprivation. Said another way, 
the analysts report – the analysis reports that the risk of a man dying from prostate cancer after primary radiation 
therapy was more than twice as great when compared to radical prostatectomy, and the mortality risk for primary 
androgen deprivation therapy was reported to be three times as great. 

The authors concluded their report by stating, and I quote, "Prostatectomy for localized prostate cancer was associated 
with a significant and substantial reduction in mortality relative to radiation therapy and androgen deprivation 
monotherapy. Although this is not a randomized study, given the multiple adjustments and sensitivity analysis, it is 
unlikely that the unmeasured confounding would account for the large observed differences in survival." 

The successful adoption of any new procedure or technology is directly tied to the efficacy of the training pathway. 
We've done a pretty good job thus far in assisting our customer base with their initial da Vinci training experience. 
When you consider the scale associated with training surgeons across multiple surgical specialties on a global basis, 
you'll quickly see that it's a significant endeavor. 

It has been our belief that in time, initial da Vinci procedure experience will find its way into the formal processes of 
academic medicine through residency and fellowship programs. As several da Vinci procedures have gone mainstream, 
we have begun to see this transition take place. Researchers from the University of Alabama, Birmingham set out to 
define this developing trend within the GYN oncology fellowship programs around the country. UAB conducted a 
survey of GYN oncology fellows and fellowships directors, and summarized their findings in last month's edition of the 
International Journal of Medical Robotics and Computer Assisted Surgery. 

The survey was designed to determine the prevalence, application and acceptance of robotics in the 41 approved U.S. 
programs. Approximately half of the fellowship directors responded to the survey, with the following results: 95% of 
the respondents have a robotic system at their institution. And 94% have two or more gynecologic oncology faculty 
members who perform robotic surgery. 78% of the responding institutions do more than 5 robotic procedures per 
month, and 22% reported that they perform more than 12 procedures per month. 

All responding institutions have utilized the robotic system in the management of endometrial cancer, and all the 
respondents reported using the system for lymph node dissections. 89% reported utilization in treating cervical cancer, 
and 83% reported robotic usage in benign hysterectomy. Furthermore, 89% of the fellows responding to the survey 
have been involved in cases that utilize robotic systems, and 77% have worked from the da Vinci system console. 

Although it's the first time we've seen an analysis of this form published in a peer-reviewed journal, we are aware of 
parallel activity taking place within the American Urology Association and the Association of Advanced Gynecologic 
Laparoscopy, as well as in various international medical societies. The introduction of da Vinci surgery into residency 
and fellowship training speaks well to our product adoption thus far, but more importantly it speaks volumes as to what 
we can expect with future robotics training. That concludes my summary, and I will now turn the time over to Calvin. 

Calvin Darling, Investor Relations 

Thank you, Aleks. I will be providing an update to our financial forecast for 2010, including procedures, revenues, and 
the other elements of the income statement, on a GAAP basis. I will also provide estimates on significant non-cash 
expenses, to provide you with visibility of our expected future cash flows. 


Starting with procedures. We continue to project our 2010 procedures to grow approximately 35% for the year, from 
the base of approximately 205,000 procedures performed in 2009. Moving on to revenues, based on results through 
three quarters and our view into our fourth-quarter sales pipeline, we continue to expect revenue results to grow within 
the 30% to 33% range forecast last quarter. 

Regarding the Instrument and Accessory portion of revenue, we would expect full-year revenue growth in this category 
to come in slightly below the 35% forecasted procedure growth due to the diminishing impact of stocking orders on 
instrument and accessory revenue per procedure. As a reminder, our revenues can fluctuate quarter-to-quarter as the 
timing of placements, system placements, and instrument and accessory stocking orders may vary. 

With regard to gross margin, we reported a 73.2% margin in both Q1 and Q2 of this year, and a slightly lower rate of 
72.8% in Q3, primarily reflecting the impact of lower Q3 system ASPs. Going forward, we expect our Q4 margins to 
be near our Q3 level, resulting in a full-year 2010 gross margin percentage near the higher end of 72 to 73% range 
projected on our last call. 

Moving to operating expense, we have made and will continue to make significant investments across multiple areas of 
our business, particularly in our clinical sales force. We added 92 employees during the third quarter, and 305 so far 
this year, compared to 139 added through three quarters last year. 

While we continue to invest in our business, the timing of some of our expenses can be lumpy. We now expect our total 
GAAP operating expense to grow by 27% to 29% in 2010, compared with our previous forecast of 29% to 31% 
growth. In terms of non-cash expenses, we continue to expect to expect to record stock compensation charges of 
approximately $120 million in 2010. Our guidance for intellectual property amortization is now 17 million, compared 
to 15 million last quarter. This increase reflects additional amortization related to our Q3 IP investments. 

Other Income, which is mainly comprised of interest income, is expected to come in around 18.5 million for the year, 
just above the 18 million forecasted last quarter. With regard to income tax, our year-to-date tax rate now stands at 
37.2% of pre-tax income. We now expect to record income taxes at approximately that 37.2% rate for the rest of 2010. 

For calculating earnings per share, we ended the third quarter with 39.3 million common shares outstanding, and 
approximately 4.9 million option shares outstanding. Depending on our average stock price in Q4, a portion of the 4.9 
million option shares will be added to the fully diluted shares calculation. At present we estimated that our diluted share 
count for calculating EPS in Q4 will be approximately 40.3 million shares. Our estimate for the full year is 40.4 million 
shares. 

Finally, regarding our cash flows, since we are forecasting to report over 135 million in non-cash stock compensation 
and amortization expenses for the year, our cash flows will continue to be significantly higher than our reported net 
income. We believe cash flows generated from operations is a better measure of our actual performance than net 
income. And with that, we would like to open the call to your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Ben Andrew with William Blair. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Ben Andrew>: Good afternoon, guys. 

<A - Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Ben. 

<A>: Hi. 

<Q - Ben Andrew>: Maybe talk a little bit, Gary, about same-store procedure growth, and if you can isolate the effects 
of the unemployment situation from your efforts to penetrate new procedures, and give us a sense of the headway 
you're making with the additions to the sales force? 


<A - Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure, as you know, we track and plot our 
procedure trends pretty closely. What we saw in the beginning of the summer was an unusual pressure on existing 
procedures. And then we've seen a little bit of a return to strength at the end of the summer, the beginning of 
September. 

On the sales force side -- so we think there's some environmental pressure out there. It's hard to qualify exactly the 
number. On the clinical sales reps and the hiring there, as you know, it's a multi-month process. So the hires we made 
in Q1 and Q2 are just becoming active in the field at the end of Q3. And so our expectation is they'll become 
productive as we go into Q4, and that's something we're measuring pretty carefully and make sure we understand what 
the optimal loading looks like. There's a little bit of titration there. We'll have to watch it as it grows, but that's our 
thinking on it now. 

<Q - Ben Andrew>: Is your thought, Gary, to keep adding aggressively to the sales force for two or three more 
quarters to, again, try to get maximal penetration on the new procedures as well as keep driving the existing ones, so 
that maybe we could see op margin stay under a bit of pressure here before it returns to closer to the 40% level? 

<A - Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer>: We will – for the next couple of quarters 
we'll be continuing to invest in the sales force, as we watch the productivity of the first set go in. We think that the 
demand out there for da Vinci procedures is real and present, and that the investment in the sales force will help bring 
those into our hospitals, our customers. 

<Q - Ben Andrew>: Okay, great, thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Tycho Peterson>: Hey, thanks for taking the question. And maybe just to the first question Ben had on the 
underlying economic factors and taking it a step further, you talked about benign and malignant flip-flopping this 
quarter, with benign picking up a little bit. Can you just talk about how sustainable you think that trend is, or is it just – 
how much of that was driven by new reps being added, versus a slight up-tick in patient volumes or something else? 

<A - Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well if you look at, again, the overall 
hysterectomy target for us, we break it up, as you know, into malignant and into benign. But what we have found to be 
the case, not just in GYN but in other procedures, is the greater patient value seems to take place in the more complex 
procedures. And within the benign category, recognize that there is an underlying condition, or several underlying 
conditions, that range from, let's say, not very complex to very complex. The way we've been tracking the 
hysterectomy growth leads us to believe that we are making good penetration into the complex and probably picking up 
some of the less complex along the way. But when we look at where we are in our growth trajectories and what the 
opportunity is, we are in a pretty steep part of our growth curve. 

So is it sustainable? In our view, absolutely, in the procedures that we're targeting. And I don't think there was anything 
from a, let's say a favorable tailwind through Q3, between seasonality and high unemployment rates, that gave us any 
stimulus for the quarter. And if you recall, we returned to sort of the norm of benign growth happening at a faster or a 
larger percentage than malignant growth, last quarter as well as this quarter. So this isn't the first time we've restored 
that. 

<A - Aleks Cukic, Vice President, Strategy>: And just to color that up a little bit, malignant hysterectomy is further 
up on the adoption curve, and so we'd expect that – and benign is lower. We'd expect that the growth rate of benign 
should be higher than the growth rate of malignant, given where they are relative to what we think the total market is. 

<Q - Tycho Peterson>: Okay, that's helpful. And then, I think you talked about 45 of your placements were repeat 
customers. Any color you can give us in kind of hospital size and in terms of placement, your mix between larger, 
medium and smaller hospitals? 


<A - Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer>: There really isn't anything that is remarkable 
or different that comes to mind in this particular quarter. I think you'll find that all sizes and shapes of hospitals remain 
our customers, and this quarter was really nothing different. So we don't really track that as we once did in the past, for 
a number of reasons. But the bottom line is that large and small hospitals remain targets for us. 

<Q - Tycho Peterson>: Okay. And then on the sales front, have you looked to redeploy reps away from prostate into 
gynecology, or are you solely thinking about additions at this point? How do we think about that dynamic? 

<A - Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer>: We don't have prostate-specific reps, so 
there are reps that will cover both prostate and gynecology. We do have a secondary force of gynecology to reinforce 
the gynecologic procedures in certain regions of the country. So it's not so much a redeployment. We do think that reps 
are most effective, they have their greatest leverage when procedures are a lower part of the curve, where they're 
helping surgeons and they're helping hospitals build their programs around a new and emerging procedure. So that a 
percentage of their time they spend is probably highlighted on the emerging procedures versus the more mature ones. 

Having said that, we have pull-through procedures in urology that are growing, partial nephrectomy, and even a mature 
procedure requires some attention from the reps. So what the ideal mix of a rep's time is depends a lot on what their 
local area looks like, in terms of procedure mix. 

<Q - Tycho Peterson>: Okay. And then lastly, Gary, you touched on the FDA. Are you doing anything different from 
a regulatory standpoint on your end? 

<A - Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer>: In terms of the process we're using and the 
kinds of conversations we're having, there's not a big difference, nothing that I would really point out. I think that just 
the frequency of questions and the turn-around times and the type of engagement has just been extended a little bit, and 
we've seen that here as well as other parts of the industry. I think it's something we're hearing about as well. 

<Q - Tycho Peterson>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from the line of David Lewis with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 

<Q>: Good afternoon. This is actually James in for David. Maybe you could give us a little bit of color on how you're 
seeing the economic environment shape up in the EU and O-U.S. generally. Where do some of those geographies stand 
in the economic cycle versus the U.S.? And then also more broadly you've mentioned that at least in prostate, EU and 
other ROW markets are going to be offering greater opportunities for growth than the U.S., so how should we think 
about the ability of those procedures to ramp, especially to the extent that capital spending overseas remains pretty 
constrained? 

<A - Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer>: It's an excellent question. I think there's 
actually some connectivity between part A of your question and Part B, and it's really the following. In that – and we've 
said this over and over. It just becomes even more apparent every quarter that it's really a country-by-country market 
dynamic that's taking place within the EU and other markets and other parts of Asia. 

You know, an example of that is, we know what the macroeconomic headwinds were in the PIIGS countries over the 
last few quarters, but we sold five systems into Spain. Because there's a number of underlying variables that really 
drive those sales, and that is how many – what the demand is for the procedures, what is the installed base within that 
particular country, and what are the underlying economic conditions? And if you kind of go through that on a 
case-by-case basis or a country-by-country basis, you're just going to find different parts of those ingredients that will 
drive to success in any given quarter, or not. 

So I would say as a general statement, as far as Europe is concerned, it still remains less predictable and probably more 
challenging than we have seen in some years past. And how that projects on a go-forward basis is really not something 
we're going to really try to assess, in terms of being macroeconomists here. In terms of the O-U.S. procedure growth, 


again, you're seeing the same variables unfold on a country-by-country basis. In some countries it is absolutely on a 
very steep part of the curve, while in others it's on an earlier part, less steep. It is not going to be as predictable or 
homogenous as, if you will, the U.S. market, and we'll try to color it up as best we can. But it's difficult to try to lump it 
into one bucket and make a general comment about its growth rates. 

<Q>: Thanks, that's very helpful. Then, maybe could you give us any more granularity on the impact of FX in the 
quarter? Clearly that was a headwind. But from a financial perspective, any way to break that out? 

<A - Marshall L. Mohr, Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President>: So we sell product in Euro and British 
pounds, where we sell direct in Europe, and think of it as the core of Western Europe we sell direct. We sell through 
distributors to Spain, Italy, Greece, and rest-of-world. And so in those customers that we sell direct to, as I said earlier, 
we take out hedges for the majority of our estimated future sales at the beginning of every 6-month period. And those 
hedges that we took out for the second half of 2010 were at a lower rate by about 15% than the earlier part. 

Now mind you that about 10% or around that is the amount of our revenue that is designated in those currencies. We 
also have, obviously, costs that are incurred in those foreign currencies, and then we also have INA revenue and service 
revenue that's designated in those currencies, and those pretty much offset. So we think we're hedging the majority of 
the exposure, and therefore the currencies don't have a lot of impact other than when we lock in the hedges. 

<Q>: Okay, great. Very helpful. 

Operator 

Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Sameer Harish with Needham & Company. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Sameer Harish>: Hi guys, thanks for taking the question. Just to follow up on the FX question there, was the FX 
impact also translating onto procedures as well, or was it mostly on the systems side? 

<A - Calvin Darling, Investor Relations>: It really doesn't have any – when you say procedures, you mean the 
instruments and accessories? 

<Q - Sameer Harish>: Yeah. The instruments. 

<A - Calvin Darling, Investor Relations>: It does have some impact on instruments and accessories, because we don't 
hedge instruments and accessories. But again, when you get down to the bottom line of our financial statements, that's 
offset by the costs that are designated in those currencies. 

<A - Sameer Harish>: Okay. Got it. And I think last quarter you mentioned the pipeline for the Si's was notably lower 
than you'd seen in the first half of the year, and it seemed like you didn't have the tail-off this quarter. Can you talk 
about what you're seeing in the pipeline for Si going forward, and what that means in terms of sales cycle, if it's 
changing within the quarters than what you're seeing in the onset? 

<A - Aleks Cukic, Vice President, Strategy>: You know, honestly I'm not sure of the commentary that led you to 
think that we had a slowdown in Si's last quarter. Si's have actually been showing growth quarter over quarter over 
quarter. And it was, again, pretty substantive in the most recent quarter. And so, when you look at pipeline and you 
look at the deals that we've done or we work on, I think the trends show pretty clearly that customers are really looking 
at the Si system as the predominant system to purchase, and I don't see anything that's changed in that, or even on a 
go-forward basis. 

<A - Sameer Harish>: Okay, and just last question. In terms of the long-term trajectory on R&D, in terms of both 
where the dollars are being spent and leveraged, can you talk about how you think about, over the next two or three 
years, do you have specific R&D targets based on development programs, or are you thinking about it in terms of 
percentage of revenues and seeing what you're able to do? And maybe talk about the R&D mix as you go forward, do 
you expect that to change in terms of investment in systems, instruments, and perhaps clinical data going forward?. 


<A - Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer>: Just from the point of view of how much 
money we think we have for R&D, just kind of starting on that front, usually what we do is make sure that we're 
matching – we're not – our R&D growth is not exceeding that which we can bring in with regard to revenue growth. So 
we're not looking to deleverage with regard to R&D. 

Having said that, once we say okay, we know what we can fund, and we believe we're still in the early phases of 
robotic surgeries and we want to fund R&D, then we look out and we're really asking, what's going to drive patient 
value and what's going to drive the adoption of procedures? And in that bucket there are always a set of instruments 
and accessories that, as you look out and think about how to make new procedures happen on systems, instruments and 
accessories come in. It's a pretty – it's a given. 

The next step is really imaging visualization. What can you provide to the surgeon to have a better understanding of 
what's happening in the tissue? So that bucket is usually filled as well. From there we look at the patient-side robotics. 
What can we be doing in the robotic space that makes for a better customer experience? And then of late, the next 
bucket has really been training technologies, those things that ease training and ease of use. And so that's how we think 
about it. And I think for the next couple years, that's the way it will play out. 

<A - Sameer Harish>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of David Roman with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 

<Q - David Roman>: Good evening everyone, thank you for taking my question. I just wanted to start on the 
procedure volume side. Obviously this quarter came in somewhat below where the consensus expectation was in terms 
of growth, but you've reiterated your guidance for the full year. Can you just talk about what the conversations or 
feedback you're getting from your sales force are like with respect to timing of procedures, deferrals, et cetera, that 
would support a strong fourth quarter to get to the full-year numbers?. 

<A - Aleks Cukic, Vice President, Strategy>: Again, David, when we look at the guidance in any given quarter, we – 
we're in our planning horizon and we're taking a look at what we want to drive or base the budget off of, we'll track and 
plot the procedure trends pretty closely, both on a tops-down and from a bottoms-up, from a sales manager's 
perspective that rolls up the individual sales territories, and we'll triangulate around what we believe are the best 
estimates for that particular period in which we're projecting. And so when we go through that process, again, not 
getting into the granularity of each individual discussion, but when we go through that process, we have a level of 
comfort with the 35% that we reiterated. 

And so the -- again, the difference in some of the INA expectations versus the procedure expectations and so on and so 
forth, with the 33% growth in the procedures, looking at what we believe we saw in later August and September, plus 
the addition of the sales force expansion and some of those people coming on, and the tops-down and bottoms-up build 
up, 35% is the number that we were comfortable with. 

<A - Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer>: I'll just color that up a little bit. I think one 
easy way to look at it is, as we look out at our adoption curves, for us that's an estimation of what we think the demand 
is out there for the procedures. And then you look at rep productivity, and that's what we can do about it. And so as 
Aleks said, those are the two things that we're trying to match up. On the one hand, so we look out and we think the 
demand for procedures is there. The macroeconomic pressures about whether there's some influence of unemployment 
or headwinds against that demand, and then our product -- rep productivity is the bottoms-up side. And so we look at 
those two things, and that's how we build our estimates. But they're estimates. 

<Q - David Roman>: Okay, that's helpful. Maybe you talked about this on the call, but can you maybe just elaborate a 
little bit on the $85 million increase in the inventory balance in the quarter, and how we should – is anything specific in 
there with pending product launches, et cetera, and how that number should track going forward? 


<A - Calvin Darling, Investor Relations>: What we said is, we've built inventory. A good part of that build has to do 
with components that, earlier in the year, we started to experience some shortages, specifically in some semiconductor 
components as semiconductor supplies became tight in the industry. And so we actually have built our inventory to 
contain some of those components so we don't run into shortages as we go forward. Those components, by the way, are 
used in da Vinci systems. 

<Q - David Roman>: Okay. 

<A - Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer>: The harder part is, they're also used in cell 
phones. 

<A - Calvin Darling, Investor Relations>: That's right. 

<A - Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hence the safety. 

<A - Calvin Darling, Investor Relations>: Our volumes are much smaller than a lot of others'. And then the second 
element that I made comment to is that we do have some inventory associated with new product introduction, and as 
Gary alluded to, some of the introductions through the FDA are a little slower than we had anticipated, and therefore 
we're still carrying that inventory. 

<Q - David Roman>: Okay. But that – there's no signaling in that inventory number that there is a pending product 
launch on the horizon, that either your conversations with the FDA have improved and that there's nothing more 
significant coming? It's more the result of a delay in product approvals? 

<A - Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer>: To Marshall's point now, just to be clear on 
one thing, the inventory level has risen to – not, we didn't rise by 85. 

<A>: No, no, no. They grew to 85. 

<Q - David Roman>: Right, right. 

<A - Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer>: And the mix is largely safety stock on 
electronic components, in which we're a small player in the global market. And then there's some in there for products 
that we're building up in anticipation of FDA approval, and when we get that approval, that we'll release that inventory. 
And that happens, by the way, all the time. T build a little bit ahead of an approval, and then the approval timing is 
uncertain. 

<Q - David Roman>: Okay. 

<A - Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer>: Time for two more questions. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rick Wise with Leerink Swann. Go ahead. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Good afternoon, Gary, Marshall, Aleks. Couple questions. First, can you give us any update on 
the timing or any perspective on when you'll have full ability to launch in Japan? 

<A - Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer>: We are approved for the system, and what 
we're really working on now are reimbursements. It looks like reimbursements are going to be procedure-by-procedure. 
The first one through that's being negotiated is prostatectomy. There are some others behind it. And right now they're 
basically in – the customers, hospitals and government are in negotiation of, kind of what the boundaries are for 
approvals. The first reimbursements that have gone through have been on a hospital-by-hospital basis, which is a 
reasonable way to start. And then over time we'll see how that generalizes. I can't give you a specific timeframe in 
which a broad blanket of reimbursement approval will be granted. 


<Q - Frederick Wise>: But just – I appreciate the uncertainties, and I appreciate it's unknowable. But should we think 
about it that, as you say, the blanket approval coming in the next 12 months, in the next 3 to 5 years? I mean, how 
should we think about it just broadly or directionally? 

<A - Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer>: I don't think you're going to see broad 
reimbursements in the next 6 to 12 months, I think that's unlikely. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Okay. I appreciate that there's a lot of ways to calculate utilization and a lot of numbers that go 
into it, but just my rough back-of-the-envelope, utilization per instrument declined sequentially, in my calculation, to 

3.6 per system, versus 3.8 in the second quarter. But whatever the right numbers are, is this all seasonality? Was it the 
procedure slowdown? How do we think about that? 
<A - Calvin Darling, Investor Relations>: I'll take a shot at that, RIck. This is Calvin. I think this really reflects the 
seasonality that we see typically every year around the summer months. We continue to see increases in utilization 
when making the year-over-year comparisons to third quarter, last year. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Two last questions that are sort of followups to some of the topics you discussed earlier. The 
comment on the FDA's slower to approve. I wanted to make sure I understood, did you expect some kind of approval 
for some instruments that didn't happen in the third quarter? I mean, was that the message, or was it just a more general 
message? And last, just a little more color if you would be so kind. I understand the stocking order issue, I think. But 
the carryover from the second quarter, did that imply that people sort of over-bought disposables and didn't use them? 
And that was a factor related to the slowing procedures? Just to make sure I understand that point. Thanks. 

<A - Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer>: Marshall will answer the second one first, 
and then I'll... 

<A - Marshall L. Mohr, Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President>: Stocking orders, no. When someone 
buys a da Vinci system, they typically buy a bolus of instruments and accessories. And there were a number of those, I 
think, that fall over from quarter to quarter in any quarter. And it happened to be a little higher amount in Q3. But it's 
not as though they built up a bunch of inventory in one quarter and now they're bleeding that into the next quarter. It's 
just strictly the magnitude of the number of stocking orders that get done in any one quarter. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Okay. And the FDA question? 

<A - Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer>: On the FDA, we're working with them now 
on single site. I don't know that I'd say we had an expectation prior, but the general comment that we're seeing, as a 
whole, a greater number of questions and kind of a slower turnaround time, and that point of view has been shared 
around the industry. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: So if I... 

<A - Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer>: That was our last question. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Thank you. 

Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer 

While we focus on financial metrics during these conference calls, our organizational focus remains on increasing 
patient value by improving surgical outcomes and reducing surgical trauma. I hope the following da Vinci surgical 
experience gives you some sense of what this means in the lives of our patients. 

Stephanie from California writes, "I silently suffered from excessive menstrual bleeding and cramping for years, which 
seems only to get worse as each month passed. At one of my quarterly repeat PAPs I finally decided to speak up to the 
nurse practitioner in Dr. Swanson's office because I felt my periods were running my life, and I couldn't handle it any 
more. I have two teenagers and two toddlers and couldn't be limited to the bathroom for days out of the month. The 


nurse practitioner gave me literature to read about my different options and suggested that I make an appointment with 
Dr. Swanson, who has been my doctor for over 13 years, to discuss my concerns. 

"I read all the literature and did much research on my own. I then saw Dr. Swanson three weeks later and described my 
issues. He basically said my options to do nothing, which hadn't been working out well for me; hormone pills; ablation; 
or hysterectomy. I had been on several different birth control pills in the past and they all made me nauseated. Dr. 
Swanson informed me that I would need a pretty strong dose, so that was an option for me either. As for an ablation, I 
had read many complaints about women that had had the procedure done and stated that their cramping was now 
worse. I already had bad cramps and spotting, so I didn't want to risk that. 

"Dr. Swanson agreed that it was a possibility that cramping could worsen, and suggested I was a perfect candidate for a 
hysterectomy. Not only would it relieve my of me excessive bleeding and cramps, it would free me from my abnormal 
PAPs every three months. Dr. Swanson explained the procedure to me, and thoroughly answered all my questions. 
Finally I felt some resolution was coming. 

"In the weeks prior to my scheduled surgery, I did much research on line, and actually found many videos of 
hysterectomies done by da Vinci robot on YouTube. I felt very prepared when my surgery day rolled around, and on 
August 3rd 2010 at St. Agnes Medical Center in Fresno, Dr. Swanson and the staff were fantastic. Everyone made me 
feel relaxed and cared for. The surgery went very well. I very little blood loss. I was able to get up and walk around to 
the bathroom and around the hospital room within hours after the surgery. My pain was minimal, and really no more 
than some discomfort rather than real pain. I stayed only one night in the hospital and was discharged the next morning. 

My recovery at home was very quick. I was back to my normal self within the same week as my surgery. No pain, no 
cramps, no bleeding. My only regret is not speaking to my doctor and having the da Vinci hysterectomy done sooner." 

Patients like Stephanie are the strongest advocates for da Vinci surgery and form the very foundation of our operating 
performance. We have built our company to take surgery beyond the limits of the human hand, and I assure you that we 
remain committed to driving the vital few things that truly makes a difference. This concludes today's call. We thank 
you for your participation and support on this extraordinary journey to improve surgery, and we look forward to talking 
with you again in three months. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation, and for using 
AT&T Executive Teleconference service. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


