Q3 2008 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Benjamin B. Gong, Vice President, Finance 
• Lonnie M. Smith, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
• Marshall L. Mohr, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Aleks Cukic, Vice President, Strategy 
Other Participants 

• Sean Levin 
• Gary Guthart 
• Tao Levy 
• Jerry McNamara 
• David Lewis 
• Frederick Wise 
• Mimi Pham 
• Ed Shenkan 
• Amit Hazan 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Welcome and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions]. I'd now like to introduce your host for today's call, 
Mr. Ben Gong, Vice President of Finance. Sir, you may begin. 

Benjamin B. Gong, Vice President, Finance 

Good afternoon and welcome to Intuitive Surgical's Third Quarter Conference Call. With me today, we have Lonnie 
Smith, our Chairman and CEO; Gary Guthart, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Marshall Mohr, our Chief 
Financial Officer; Aleks Cukic, our Vice President of Strategic Planning; and Jerry McNamara, our Executive Vice 
President of Sales and Marketing. 

Before we begin, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today's call may be deemed to contain 
forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied, as a result of certain 
risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in the company's Securities and Exchange 
Commission filings. Prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking 
statements. 

Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website, at www.intuitivesurgical.com on 
the audio archives section under our Investor Relations page. In addition, today's press release has been posted to our 
website. 

Today's format will consist of providing you with highlights of our third quarter as described in our press release 
announced earlier today, followed by a question-and-answer session. First, Lonnie will present the quarter's business 
highlights. Marshall will follow with a review of our third quarter's financial results. Next, Aleks will discuss sales and 


marketing highlights. Then I will provide an update of our financial forecast for 2008. And finally, we will host a 
question-and-answer session. 

With that, I would like to introduce Lonnie Smith, our Chairman and CEO. 

Lonnie M. Smith, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you for joining us today. This past quarter we continued to drive and broaden the adoption of robotically assisted 
surgery, resulting in significant top and bottom line growth. Operating highlights for the third quarter are as follows. 
We sold 91 da Vinci Surgical Systems, up from 63 sold during the third quarter of last year. 20 of the systems were 
sold to existing customers. 

Our international team contributed 20 of the 91 systems sold, up from 17 last year. We passed through two significant 
milestones during the third quarter. We exceeded 1,000 da Vinci systems installed worldwide, and we installed systems 
in Missoula, Montana, Casper, Wyoming, and Albuquerque, New Mexico, and now have at least one system in each of 
the United States. Procedure adoption continues to be procedure specific, patient driven and a primary growth driver of 
our business. In what has historically been a seasonally slow quarter, we had solid quarter-over-quarter procedure 
growth led by GYN with strong growth in the United States and a pronounced seasonal drop in Europe. 

Among our fastest-growing procedures in terms of percent, sequential quarter-to-quarter growth were nephrectomy and 
partial nephrectomy for kidney cancer, radical cystectomy for bladder cancer, hysterectomy, sacral colpopexy and 
colon resection. 

Total revenue grew to 236 million, up 50% from last year. Instrument and accessory revenue increased to 76 million, 
up 53%. Total recurring revenue including service grew to 110 million, up 54% from the prior year, comprising 46% of 
total revenue. We generated an operating profit of 106 million, 45% of revenue before non-cash 123R stock-option 
expense, up 69% from the third quarter of last year. 

GAAP net income grew to 58 million, 24% of revenue, up 41% from last year. We ended the quarter with 821 million 
in cash and investments, up 82 million from last quarter and up 288 million in the last 12 months. After subtracting 19 
million in cash received from exercise of stock options, and added back 28 million invested in fixed assets, purchased 
intellectual property and working capital during the quarter, our gross operating cash flow in the third quarter amounted 
to 158% of our reported GAAP net income. 

We ramped up production in our new instrument plant in Mexicali, Mexico, and we are pleased with operating 
performance of this new production facility. And finally, we grew our Intuitive team by 78 members to 1,013. 

With that, I'll pass the time over to Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer. 

Marshall L. Mohr, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Lonnie. Total third quarter revenue of 236 million increased 50% compared with 156.9 million for the third 
quarter of 2007, and increased 8% compared with 219.2 million for the second quarter of 2008. Third quarter revenues 
by product category were as follows. Instrument and accessory revenue increased 76 million, up 53% compared with 

49.5 million last year and up 3% compared with 73.6 million last quarter. The growth rate in instruments and 
accessories is a direct result of our procedure growth rates. Procedure growth rates increased slightly more than 
instrument and accessory revenue, reflecting procedure mix and hospital efficiency. Overall, as expected, procedure 
and instrument accessory growth rates reflect seasonality, particularly in our European business. 
The amount of instrument and accessory revenue we earned per procedure declined slightly, but remains in a range of 
between 1,500 and $2,000 per procedure for established da Vinci accounts and at between 2,000 and $2,300 per 
procedure, including initial stocking orders. 


Systems revenue of 126.3 million increased 48% compared with the 85.6 million last year, and increased 9% compared 
with 116.2 million last quarter. The increase in systems revenue compared with the second quarter of 2008 reflects 
increased unit sales as well as an increase in the average revenue per system. 

Third quarter da Vinci Surgical System revenue reflects the sale of 91 systems compared with 63 systems sold during 
the third quarter of last year and 85 systems sold in the second quarter of this year. 

76 of the systems sold during the quarter were our latest S model, incorporating high-definition vision capabilities. 11 
were 4-arm S models incorporating standard vision capabilities. Two were 3-arm S models, and two were refurbished 
standard systems. 20 of the system sales were outside of the U.S. compared with 19 in the second quarter of 2008 and 
17 in the third quarter of 2007. Five of the systems sales in the quarter involved trade-ins. 

Our third quarter average revenue per system, including all da Vinci models, but excluding upgrades, was 1.37 million, 
which is 20,000 more than the average revenue per system in the second quarter of 2008. The higher average revenue 
per system primarily reflects favorable product mix. 

Service and training revenue increased to 33.7 million, up 54% compared with 21.9 million last year and up 15% 
compared with 29.4 million last quarter. The growth in service and training revenues primarily driven by a larger 
system install base and non-contract revenue. 

Total third quarter recurring revenue comprised of instrument, accessory and service revenue increased to 109.7 
million, up 54% compared with the third quarter of 2007 and up 6% compared with the second quarter of 2008. 

Recurring revenue reflects – represented 46% of total revenue in the third quarter compared with 47% in the second 
quarter of 2008. Revenue outside the United States represented 19% of total third quarter revenue compared with 20% 
last quarter, reflecting the strength in our U.S. business coupled with seasonal slowdown overseas. 

Our third quarter 2008 gross margin of 71.9% was higher than the 71.2% realized in the second quarter, primarily 
reflecting lower costs of service. Total operating expenses for the third quarter of 2008 were 84.5 million compared 
with 77.9 million in the second quarter of 2008. The sequential operating expense increase of 6.6 million reflects 
increased surgeon training activities, increased R&D activities, increased non-cash 123R stock compensation expense, 
commissions on increased revenue, and costs associated with increased head count. We added 78 employees during the 
third quarter ending the period with 1,013 regular employees. The majority of the additions were to our worldwide 
sales and support and manufacturing organizations. 

Third quarter 2008 operating income was 85 million, or 36% of sales compared with 78.2 million or 35.7% of sales for 
the second quarter of 2008. Third quarter operating income included 21 million of 123R stock compensation expenses 
compared with 19.7 million in the second quarter. The increase of 1.3 million reflects options granted to new hires. 

Our third quarter 2008 other income was 4.6 million, which is lower than the 5.7 million realized in the second quarter, 
reflecting exchange losses on euro accounts as the euro weakened against the dollar during the quarter and lower 
interest rates on our investment portfolio. 

Our effective tax rate for the third quarter was 35.7%, which is lower than the rate of 39% recorded for the first six 
months of the year. The decrease in our rate reflects 3.1 million of 2007 R&D credits recorded in association with our 
2007 tax return, which was filed in September. I should note that in October, Congress renewed the federal R&D credit 
for 2008. We will quantify and record the benefit of this new law change in the fourth quarter. 

We continue to utilize carry-forward tax benefits and stock – and employee stock-related tax benefits in 2008 and 
expect that our cash outlay for income taxes will be approximately 20% of pre-tax income for 2008. 

Our net income of 57.6 million or $1.44 per share increased 41% compared with 40.9 million or $1.04 per share for the 
third quarter of 2007 and increased 13% compared with 51.2 million or $1.28 per share for the second quarter of 2008. 
Let me quickly summarize our results for the first nine months of 2008. Total revenue for the first nine months of 2008 
was 643.4 million, up 56% compared with 411.4 million last year. 


Operating income for the first nine months of 2008 was 228.1 million, up 71% compared with 133.4 million last year. 
Operating income included 55.2 million of stock-based compensation charges in the first nine months of 2008 
compared with 26.2 million in 2007. Net income for the first nine months of 2008 was 153.6 million or $3.84 per share, 
up 61% compared with 95.4 million or $2.46 per share last year. 

Now turning our attention to the balance sheet. We ended the second quarter of 2008 with cash, cash equivalents and 
investments of 821 million, up 82 million from June 30, 2008. 18.7 million of the cash generated in the quarter was 
associated with stock purchase activities. The remaining cash generated is primarily related to operating activities. 

Capital expenditures for the third quarter included 13.5 million payment associated with the purchase of intellectual 
property from Power Medical Interventions Inc. and 7.5 million of expenditures associated with facilities and 
information technology infrastructure to support our growth. The total cost of the Power Medical Interventions 
purchase of 20 million will be amortized over a five-year period. 

At September 30, we held 87 million of student loan backed auction rate securities. Earlier this week, UBS offered to 
purchase the auction rate securities held by them at their par value of approximately 71 million any time during the 
two-year period beginning in June 30, 2010. If we accept their offer, we would likely have to take charge to other 
income in the fourth quarter for the difference in value of the auction and the unrealized loss on these securities, which 
was approximately 6 million at September 30, 2008. 

Our accounts receivable balance increased to 173.7 million at September 30 compared with 162.1 million at June 30, 
2008. The change in receivables reflects higher revenue in the third quarter. 

Our net inventory increased to 52.5 million at September 30, compared with 42.6 million at June 30. Our inventory 
turns at September 30, decreased to 4.8 times, compared with 5.7 turns at the end of the previous quarter. The increase 
in inventory reflects a planned increase for future growth. 

And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Aleks, who will go over our sales, marketing and clinical highlights. 

Aleks Cukic, Vice President, Strategy 

Thank you, Marshall. During the third quarter, we sold 91 da Vinci Systems, 71 in the United States, 12 in Europe and 
eight in to rest of world markets. A total of five system sales were part of trade-up transactions. The net 86 new 
installations brings to 1,032 the cumulative number of da Vinci Systems worldwide. 776 in the United States, 171 in 
Europe, and 85 in rest of world markets. 15 of the 86 net systems installed during the quarter represented repeat system 
sales to existing customers, which brings to 122 the total number of customers which own two or more da Vinci 
Systems. Also as of Q3, we have placed at least one da Vinci into all 50 states. International sales included two more da 
Vinci placements into the countries of Korea, China, the Czech Republic, and Greece. 

Clinically, we had another good quarter in what is a seasonally slow quarter we delivered solid procedure growth 
within several of our targeted surgical specialties. Procedure growth was led by da Vinci Hysterectomy, both for benign 
and malignant conditions, but most notably within dVH for benign conditions. Sacral colpopexy and myomectomy also 
showed excellent growth. 

Within our urology business, notably our kidney and bladder business, da Vinci Nephrectomy and Partial Nephrectomy 
and da Vinci Cystectomy showed excellent growth. Our U.S. dVP growth was steady, while our international dVP 
business was seasonally slower and lagged behind. Our cardiothoracic business remains steady. 

In Q3, there were over 180 da Vinci-related clinical papers published within various peer-reviewed journals throughout 
several surgical specialties. And within the limited Q3 medical conferences that took place during the quarter, several 
scientific abstracts, clinical posters and podium presentations highlighted da Vinci's clinical benefits. There were a 
number of favorable highlights from these various sources, but I'll limit my review to a few. 

In the September edition of the Journal of Clinical Oncology, Dr. Ash Tewari, Professor of Urology at Cornell 
University Medical Center provided a rebuttal to a comparative analysis of various surgical approaches to radical 


prostatectomy that was published in an earlier edition. Dr. Tewari took issue with the previous study's design and lack 
of clarity between traditional laparoscopic prostatectomy and dVP results, which for this particular study were blended 
into a single minimally invasive radical prostatectomy category. To address this misleading results, Dr. Tewari 
published his data on 1,173 dVP patients collected between 2005 and 2008. The results provided absolute transparency 
between the previously reported results for open prostatectomy, minimally invasive radical prostatectomy and dVP. 

The comparison was striking. Comparing peri-operative complications between the three cohorts showed open 
prostatectomy with a rate of 36.4%, minimally invasive radical prostatectomy 29.8%, and dVP 1.64%. Hospital length 
of stay was 4.35 days for open, 1.42 days for minimally invasive radical prostatectomy compared to 1.3 days for dVP. 

And finally, anastomotic strictures, where the open prostatectomy rate was 12%, minimally invasive radical 
prostatectomy 15.2%, compared to a 0.54% with dVP. The significant of which has direct implications to desired 
urinary function. The two take-aways for me from this study are as follows. First, the addition of the recently issued 
robotic specific DRG code will help to erase the misleading element of blending and reporting laparoscopic and robotic 
outcomes as similar. And second, the clinical outcomes between open prostatectomy and dVP are perhaps greater than 
we previously thought. 

The second study appeared in the August edition of Gynecologic Oncology and was authored by doctors Gehrig and 
Bagas University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill. The author's aim was to access the most effective minimally invasive 
surgical treatment for endometrial cancer operations for obese and morbidly obese patients. Within this cohort, they 
compare traditional laproscopic outcomes performed by laproscopically skilled surgeons to their da Vinci outcomes. 
Obese and morbidly obese women are at a much higher risk of developing endometrial cancer, and according to this 
study, represent 33% of all U.S. women. The result of this study were as follows. 

For both the obese and morbidly obese patients, robotic surgery was associated with shorter operative times, 189 versus 
215 minutes, less blood loss, 50 versus 150-milliliters, increased lymph node retrieval 31.4 versus 24 and shorter 
hospitalization. The author's conclusion and I quote, "Robotic surgery is a useful tool for comprehensive surgical 
staging for obese and morbidly obese women with endometrial cancer." As this patient population is at increased risk 
of death from all causes, including postoperative complications, all efforts should be made to improve their outcomes. 

The same University of North Carolina Group also published a comparative 322-patient study on endometrial cancer 
treatments, which appeared in the October edition of the American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology. The purpose 
of this study was to compare total abdominal hysterectomy or TAH, total laparoscopic hysterectomy or TLH, and da 
Vinci Hysterectomy, or dVH, within all clinical areas. When comparing peri-aortic node retrieval between the three 
groups, they reported an average yield of three nodes within their TAHs or total abdominal hysterectomies, 6.3 nodes 
within their TLHs compared to 12 peri-aortic lymph nodes within their da Vinci patients. When they compare total 
lymph node retrievals. They reported 14.9 within their TAHs, 23.1 within their TLHs, and 32.9 within their da Vinci 
Hysterectomies. 

Estimated blood loss between the three groups was as follows. 266 milliliters for their TAH patients, 145 for their TLH 
patients compared to 74 milliliters for their da Vinci Hysterectomy patients. Length of hospitalization was reduced 
from an average of 4.4 days for their TAH patients to 1.2 days for their TLH patients, to 1.0 days for their da Vinci 
Hysterectomy patients, which led to the author's conclusion, and I quote, "Total robotic hysterectomy with staging is 
feasible and preferable over total abdominal hysterectomy and may be preferable over total laparoscopic 
hysterectomy." This is a very strong endorsement, especially so when you consider that the overwhelming majority of 
these procedures are performed through open incisions. 

My final reference is also specific to da Vinci's value within GYN Oncology and was authored by Dr. Lombandu and 
Harvingale from the Institute of Paoli Calmai in Marseilles, France, and it appeared in the August edition of the 
surgical endoscopy. The aim of this prospective study was to evaluate the feasibility and outcomes of GYN cancer 
surgery with the da Vinci S System. The patients underwent procedures consisting of total hysterectomy, bilateral 
oopherectomy and/or lumbo-aortic lymphadenectomy for endometrial, cervical or ovarian cancer. 


Following the analysis of their data, the authors concluded by saying, and I quote, "As suggested in the literature, the 
use of robotic laparoscopy leads to less blood loss, less postoperative pain and shorter hospitalization stays compared 
with those treated by more traditional surgical approaches. Despite the need for extensive studies, robotic assisted 
surgery seems to represent a similar technological evolution as the laparoscopic approach 50 years ago" close quote. 

All of these studies discussed da Vinci Hysterectomy cancer outcomes. I think it's important to reiterate that our fastest 
growing GYN procedure, both in terms of absolute growth, as well as percentage growth, is dVH for benign conditions. 

That concludes my update and I'll now turn the time over to Ben. 

Benjamin B. Gong, Vice President, Finance 

Thank you, Aleks. I will be providing our updated 2008 financial forecast on a GAAP reporting basis, including 
non-cash FAS 123R stock compensation expenses. I will also provide an estimate of our stock compensation charges 
separately, so you can calculate meaningful comparisons that exclude these non-cash expenses. 

Based on our third quarter results, we are increasing our previous guidance for revenue and profits for 2008. Starting 
with procedures, our dVH procedures are the greatest contributor to our overall procedure growth. We continue to 
expect our dVH procedures to grow approximately 150% in 2008 over 2007. With regard to dVP procedures, as Aleks 
mentioned, our growth in dVP lagged behind our expectations, particularly in Europe. We continue to see dVP growth, 
but lower than our previous forecast. We expect our worldwide dVP growth for 2008 to be greater than 30% over 2007. 

Other procedures such as nephrectomies, partial nephrectomies, cystectomies, and sacral colpopexies are growing 
much faster. And as a result, our Q3 procedures in total were in line with our expectations and we continue to expect 
our total procedures to grow 57 to 58% this year from a base of approximately 85,000 total procedures performed in 
2007. This is a reiteration of our forecast from the previous earnings call. 

Our instrument and accessory revenues are driven by procedures performed, and typically grow in unison procedures. 
As Marshall mentioned earlier, our revenues per procedure have come down slightly. This was caused by two factors. 
First, initial stocking orders continue to comprise a lower proportion of total instrument and accessory revenues, as our 
installed base continues to grow. Secondly, as customers increase their utilization rates, they become more efficient in 
their use of consumable supplies. As a result, while procedures are expected to grow 57 to 58% this year, we are 
forecasting our instrument and accessory revenues to grow 55 to 56%, which is down slightly from our previous 
forecast of 57 to 58%. 

System revenues in Q3 were stronger than we previously expected. We are now forecasting our system revenues to 
grow 45 to 46% over 2007, which is up from our previous forecast of 38 to 40% growth. Our system ASP was 
approximately 1.37 million in Q3 compared with 1.35 million in Q2 and 1.32 million in Q1. As we have mentioned in 
previous calls, our system ASP fluctuates quarter-to-quarter as a result of geographic and product mix. On a 
year-to-date basis, our system ASP has averaged 1.35 million and we expect it to remain at approximately this level for 
the remainder of the year. 

Service revenues in Q3 were higher than we expected due to service and training fees generated outside of annual 
contracts. We expect total service revenues to grow 49 to 50% above 2007 levels. Our previous estimate was 45 to 
46%. Our average annual service revenue per installed system, including fees outside of annual contracts, is 
approximately $140,000 per year. 

In summary, we are increasing our top line revenue forecast for 2008. We now expect revenues to grow 49 to 50% over 
2007, which is up from our previous estimate of 45 to 47%. With regard to gross profit margin, our Q3 margins were 
sequentially higher than Q2 due to better gross margins on service revenue. We expect our total gross margin to be 
approximately 71% for the year. This is up from our previous forecast of 70%. 

Moving to operating expense, and starting with R&D, we expect total R&D expense to come in at approximately $82 
million for the year, up approximately 68% from 49 million spent in R&D expense last year. 


With regard to SG&A expense, we expect total SG&A expense to grow 49 to 50%, which is up from our previous 
forecast of 48 to 49% growth due to higher variable costs associated with higher revenue forecasts. We expect total 
operating expense to grow 53 and 54%. We expect operating income to grow 53 to 54% for the year. Last quarter, we 
were forecasting operating income to grow 42 to 44% for the year. The improvement in our operating income is being 
driven by higher revenue forecasts and higher gross margins, coupled with only a modest increase in SG&A expense. 

These forecasts include the impact of FAS 123R stock compensation expense. We expect to record approximately 76 
million in stock compensation charges for the year, broken down as follows: 11 million in cost of goods sold, 17 
million in R&D expense, and 48 million in SG&A expense. We are forecasting other income to come in between 24 
and $25 million. This is down slightly from our previous estimate of approximately 26 million due to foreign exchange 
losses we recorded in the third quarter. This forecast does not assume any foreign exchange gains or losses in the fourth 
quarter, nor does it include any potential charges associated with the UBS auction rate security offer that Marshall 
mentioned earlier. 

With regard to income tax, we reported a GAAP tax rate of approximately 36% for the third quarter, down from 
previous quarters of 39%, due to R&D tax credits realized on our 2007 tax return. Earlier this month, the U.S. 
Government approved an extension on R&D tax credits for 2008. 

As Marshall mentioned, we expect to record a benefit in Q4 associated with this tax credit, though we do not have a 
specific estimate of the amount at this time. Excluding this benefit, we expect to record a tax rate of approximately 39% 
in Q4. And once again, we expect our effective cash tax expense to be approximately 20% for 2008. 

And finally, regarding shares outstanding for calculating EPS for Q4, we expect the share count to be between 40 and 

40.5 million shares. 
That concludes our prepared remarks, and we will now open the call to your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Today's first question comes from Sean Levin [Lazard Capital]. Sir, your line is open. 

<Q - Sean Levin>: Thank you. Congratulations on another strong quarter. 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: Thanks, Sean. 

<Q - Sean Levin>: Sure. My first question has to do with hysterectomies. We've done a lot of survey work here and it 
seems that the simple procedures as you said seem to be picking up quite a bit of steam here. In the past, you've mainly 
talked about malignant or complex procedures. We're wondering if you could give a little more detail on what you are 
seeing on the benign or simple arena? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: Well, I think I would even make a different distinction, I don't think benign by definition means 
simple. There are complex benign and we're seeing a lot of traction within both complex benign and I think by 
definition all malignant, which is also complex. 

That remains our initial target. There's no question about it. We have the highest value to add within those complex 
surgeries. We have, however, seen centers that have flipped the majority and in some cases all of their hysterectomies 
to da Vinci. But in terms of where we are targeting, where we believe the highest value is, it really boils down to our 
patient value equation, and that really is in the complex hysterectomy, which by our definition is probably over around 
a quarter of a million procedures U.S. 

<Q - Sean Levin>: Okay. And then just one other question. On the paramedical deal that you announced during the 
quarter, could you give us some timeline on products on this and what procedures might benefit? 


<A - Aleks Cukic>: I'll take the second part and then I'll turn the first part over to Gary Guthart, the second part in 
terms of the procedures that might benefit from it. If you look at the tools that are used throughout surgery – surgical 
stapling is found in many surgical specialties. And you will find general surgery, thoracic surgery, GYN, GYN 
oncology, urology and so on and so forth. 

So many of those procedures and many of those specialties have da Vinci within them. However, it is just not a perfect 
choreography between the stapling application and the general dissection and reconstruction and visualization. So the 
answer is, we think it will potentially have a place in multiple specialties. Colorectal is an area where there is a lot of 
stapling. Lung resections, a lot of stapling. And we will see ultimately when we get it. But there are plenty of targets we 
believe. Now as far as the actual development, I'll let Gary comment on that. 

<A - Gary Guthart>: Now on the development side, it's not a simple integration. It's a fairly complex product. And so 
we're – we don't have a ship date to share with you, but don't anticipate it in the next 12 to 18 months. 

<Q - Sean Levin>: All right. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Tao Levy [Deutsche Bank]. Your line is open. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Good afternoon. 

<A>: Hi, Tao. 

<A>: Hi. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: So I guess obviously the prerequisite question, obviously a great quarter here. But with the economic 
crisis, credit environment, how do we factor – or do how you guys factor that into your fourth quarter and 2008 
thinking, seeing much or any impact? Thanks. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: Tao, I wish I had a crystal ball. I'm sure you do too. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Me too. Yes, exactly. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: You guys probably more than we do. Clearly it's not a positive for anyone. We haven't seen a 
significant impact yet. And that's all I can say, is yet. We are in some ways – we are in an excellent position in that our 
procedures are not procedures that you just casually do. These are procedures that people need to have. 

I think we offer a compelling value to the patient, and therefore they will seek this, especially – in any time. And I 
guess the other point I think is that this is the time when I'm delighted that we're not a levered company. We don't have 
a bunch of debt. We have a lot of cash. And I think that gives us flexibility. I think that in this – in ugly times, and this 
is certainly one of them – there are also opportunities. And so – and those will – I can't get specific, and I'm not sure 
that we've seen them yet. 

But we are certainly – we'll be thoughtful to the things that will help us to build our franchise in robotically assisted 
surgery. So the answer is, I don't know any better than you do. I mean I look at the volatility of the market, incredible 
highs and incredible lows. Clearly, the market isn't valuing fundamentals much any more, but running on emotion. 

And so until that settles down, and the market settles down, we'll see. But I think that we are – in most of our hospitals, 
we haven't seen a ton of them. And Ben and Aleks can deal with this better than I can in terms of doing leases. But I 
suspect that that may increase, our leasing companies still have an appetite for these devices. And so we'll see how it 
plays out. 

In the meantime, we will manage the business in as prudent and thoughtful a way as we can. And be in a position to do 
as well as we can during these times, and hopefully very well, and be in position long-term to continue to build this 
franchise in the marketplace. 


<A - Benjamin Gong>: Tao, just a comment on the last part of your question. From what we see today, we expect Q4 
to be again a sequentially higher quarter than we had in Q3. Again, Q4 tends to be our strongest quarter of the year. 
And that is reflected in our guidance. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: And in terms of feedback from the sales force, and in terms of like cancellations or delays in orders, 
anything that's different than what you may have seen, call it three months ago, or it's always challenging? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: I'll ask Jerry to give you his thoughts on that. 

<A - Jerry McNamara>: Well, we're reservedly optimistic, we came off a good quarter of pipeline closing and 
pipeline development. And the reports back from the field suggest that that's continuing. We're in a dynamic time, 
we're just going to work through it. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Great. And just – I have one question also and my final question on procedures. Now that you're 
adding more systems, and it seems like the procedure number came in line with expectations maybe little bit slower 
internationally, it seemed like maybe that's seasonally adjusted. As you place more systems – and this quarter obviously 
exceeded expectations there. Is the idea that you'll see – obviously as these hospitals have more systems, more cases 
being done robotically, is that kind of the right way to think about it? That you'll see automatic growth on the procedure 
front because there are more systems out there? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: What I would say there is, generally speaking, yes. But in terms of following some linearity, I 
think that's where it becomes difficult. To say that a system is placed here, therefore procedures should grow by some 
fixed percentage, is just an algorithm. It doesn't work out. And there is a lot of – as you know, in our key procedures, 
the patients are very important in terms of determining where they're going to have their surgery done. So how things 
happen in a particular market is just not a perfect science yet. 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: One other thing I'd just point out, Tao. And I think I've mentioned this to a couple of people 
before. You got to remember, we have over a thousand systems out there, 1,030 or so. And if we place two or three 
more than what somebody thought, that mathematically does not turn into a significantly different metric that you're 
going to calculate in terms of procedures, you know what I mean? 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Yeah, no. Great. Thanks a lot, guys. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: Thanks, Tao. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Mr. David Lewis [Morgan Stanley]. Sir, your line is open. 

<Q - David Lewis>: Good afternoon. One question here. Just strategically, we think about the last couple of quarters, I 
don't know if you broke it out specifically, but this quarter was around 50 greenfield aversion systems, is that about 
right, Aleks? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: Actually, it'll be higher than that. 15 out of 86 went to individual customers, so it was probably 
closer to 70. 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: Yeah. So there was a lot. For whatever reason... 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: Globally speaking. 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: Yeah. 

<Q - David Lewis>: Oh, globally, I was saying just U.S. but the point is two straight quarters in the U.S. market, we're 
seeing 40 to 50 new systems. I'm trying to understand this reacceleration which is exciting and positive. Can you give 
me a sense of the size of these hospitals, these last sort of 90 U.S. boxes versus kind of the repeat customers? Give me a 
flavor for what transition is happening in your business? Is this is a proxy for the sales force additions you made back 


half of '07, new business strategy, or just simply going down market? Or there were just sort of a lot of under 
penetrated customers that are roughly the same size as your old customers? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: Well, it's interesting. We do as you know look at those statistics. And I can say within the United 
States market, we had 71 placements. So if you backed out the 15 – and I believe all of the repeats were U.S. 
denominated. So that would give you 56 greenfields. Now... 

<Q - David Lewis>: 51. 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: 51? 

<Q - David Lewis>: Yeah, because if you take 20 out... 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: 51, I'm sorry. And so when you look at the make up of those hospitals, we had 33 of them that 
were over 325 beds. We had 28 of them which were in what we call a middle tier, which is 200 to 325 beds, and we 
had 10 that were in hospitals below 200 beds. 

So again, I think it falls in line with our thinking that as da Vinci will find the procedures. And as you expand GYN, 
you tend to see procedures, those procedures that are done in smaller hospitals. So it might surprise some people that 10 
of those placements went to hospitals less than 200 beds. It's a dynamic situation, but I think across the board that 
spread is pretty good. And I think it speaks to its value – da Vinci's value – in hospitals regardless of size. 

<Q - David Lewis>: Okay. So clearly the technology is broadening, maybe the second inflection point. In terms of 
downstream implications here, I mean number one, should we expect that utilization for these new systems is slightly 
lower than old systems just by sheer hospital size? And do we think these new hospital customers are more or less 
insulated from any type of credit cycle crunch if it would have materialized? 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: I'll take a shot at utilization. So far, we haven't seen any difference in utilization. On average 
worldwide, it's about 150 procedures per system, and everyone who's buying a system has a clinical plan for utilization 
of that system. So it's not looking – as far as we can tell so far – that the new buyers are using it any less than let's say 
the average buyers from before. 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: And I would also just remind you of the fact that the hospital size does not directly correlate to our 
utilization numbers. I can think of two hospitals – one being City of Hope Cancer Center, which is one of the busiest in 
the handful of hospitals we have, it's one of the busiest we have anywhere in the world – as is the hospital in 
Celebration, Florida. Which is also about 130 beds. So it doesn't directly relate, but it is something we again continually 
go through the data. 

<Q - David Lewis>: Okay. That's very helpful. And just one last question and I'll hop. At the risk of being sort of 
globally insensitive here, I wonder, the European slowdown – not slowdown, but the European traction that looks like 
it's a little less active that what we've expected. Is this simply a European thing where we're seeing classic medical 
device laggard effect overseas? Or is there something that you did not anticipate that's happening? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: Do you want to answer it, Jerry? 

<A - Jerry McNamara>: Yes. We manage a pipeline and we have slight variability quarter-to-quarter. We have a very 
strong pipeline in Europe. And our quarter was what it was, and we still have strong expectations going forward. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: I guess my comment is that Europe is impacted, both in procedures and just getting deals done 
during the summer, because they take so much time off during the summer. I think we saw most – more of it directly in 
Europe, not the rest of the world. 

And it – so I really looking at the pipeline, as Jerry says. Now we'll see, we also find that we're a little less capable of 
predicting the exact time of a close in Europe than we are here. It tends to be a little more bureaucratic in the process – 
and I don't want to be insensitive here either – but it does tend to be a little bit more bureaucratic in the process. And so 
you can get snagged and moved over to next quarter pretty easily. And so that's kind of a nature of the beast. 


<A - Aleks Cukic>: And I will say from a procedure adoption standpoint, what we have experienced in some of our 
procedures, and this continues also within GYN, is that that it does trail the United States in terms of its uptick of 
steepness on adoption curves. We saw it in dVP, we saw it in some of the other procedures, we're seeing it in GYN. 
The U.S. uptick of GYN is significantly steeper than the European. 

Now, that isn't alarming and probably for someone like yourself who has followed these things over the years, that's 
almost to be expected. So I think the combination of all of that in a pretty slow summer in Europe led to a little lagging 
behind. 

<Q - David Lewis>: Great. Well, thanks for the color. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Rick Wise [Leerink Swann]. Your line is open, sir. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: Hi, Rick. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Hi. How are you doing? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: Good. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Just wanted to touch on utilization. Maybe you can you expand a little more on the dVP 
weakness in Europe, and just beyond seasonality – and I'm not sure I remember seasonality in the past, can you help... 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: We always had seasonality in the past. Always. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Okay, so that's not unusual. But utilization per instrument still seemed a little – a tad lighter. 
Any other color or anything else we should understand? 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: I think if you take a look back at the third quarter of last year, you would probably calculate 
that the utilization per system also was flattish if not slightly down. So what we saw in third quarter of this year is 
actually pretty similar to what we saw in third quarter of last year. That said, we are watching it. And particularly in 
Europe, as Lonnie mentioned, not in other parts of the world, we saw a somewhat pronounced seasonality. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Yes. Although not in terms of placements, clearly? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: No. But – in fact I would say that the seasonality in the United States was less this year than it 
was last year. 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: Yes. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: But strong – but clearly stronger in Europe. 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: And it always becomes harder for us to use international as a single body of land. I mean so within 
countries, we saw it more pronounced and in others, we saw it less pronounced. So it's – and we saw some pretty good 
strength in non-European, specifically some of the Asian markets. So it's hard to lump into one – into sort of one 
stereotype. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Okay. And again, maybe just reflect a little more, Lonnie or Aleks, the whole capital spending 
trends just – where do you think we are over the next 6 to 12 months, and we keep – I keep reading The Times, we're 
doing surveys and we're really getting a lot of conflicting messages. Just again, your larger picture. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: Well as I said, as I started out when I talked to Tao, I wish we had a crystal ball. We don't. I 
think this thing is from day to day, whether it will – I mean the one thing we have is we have a very – the governments 
throughout the world are taking very aggressive interventional action as you saw today in Switzerland. And trying to 
learn from what went wrong in prior situations like this. And I think that the exact timing of how this will play out over 
the next few months, I guess, Rick you once asked me, you came here and you said, what's the next quarter look like? 


And you remember my response? If you're buying this stock for the next quarter, don't. And my point is – I understand, 
I don't know that this is a one-quarter deal or it's a two-quarter deal or it's a year or two. But we will come out stronger 
and we'll deal with the performance near term as best we can, and in the long term we will come out stronger. That's – 
but I just don't – I wish I knew, I just don't know. I mean I think it's just – it's so situation-specific. 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: Rick, specific to the hospitals rather than sort of the macro space... 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Sure. 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: I mean, even listening to the debates last night in listening to two candidates that were talking 
about healthcare and healthcare spending and reducing systemwide costs. When you look at our value proposition, 
which is in directed capital expenditures, I think from a hospital standpoint and microeconomics, we sit in a pretty good 
position. 

And that the procedures that we're focused on are necessary, they're not elective procedures. And for the most part, 
very complex and a lot of our business is cancer specific. The value proposition for the hospital I think is pretty well 
documented on being able to increase flow, and in many instances, decrease cost of the procedure and overall cost and 
their expenses. 

So when it comes to how they're going to allocate their capital dollars, I think we're pretty good positioned. But as far 
as really taking a guess of what the macroeconomics look like, your economists and your resources are going to the 
better at that than we are. 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: Hey, Rick, there's one other thing I'll mention. I'm putting this in because you and others have 
asked me this and Lonnie touch on it. This is a question about leasing. And it's connected with the availability of capital 
to buy systems. 

And there is something that we can probably shed some light on is historically we said about 15% of our systems have 
been leased. That has actually increased a little bit over the past couple of quarters to closer to 20%. And according to 
our leasing partners it appears that the credit crunch is causing an increase in financed system purchases, because 
hospitals are turning to these leasing companies more since there are other sources of funding have gotten a little bit 
tighter. Those leasing companies, they tell us, have plenty of capacity and we get calls from them all the time. So just to 
address the series of questions we had about financing and availability of capital, I just want to say that there is 
certainly from our perspective availability from a leasing standpoint. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Thank you for that very thorough response. I appreciate it. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Mimi Pham [JMP Securities]. Your line is open. 

<Q - Mimi Pham>: Hi, good afternoon. I guess you sort of touched on this already. But would say that 100% or what 
percentage of your total procedures done on this year-to-date would you consider as elected procedures? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: I wouldn't say that it's 100. I think the way I would think about it is if – let's take a non-cancer 
procedure like hysterectomy, benign hysterectomy. So if a woman is suffering from multiple fibroids, endometriosis, 
some combination thereof, and she's going through some very severe pain, theoretically could she put up with that pain 
longer? Probably. I mean she's making some election that she could push it out a little bit. But it isn't as, let's say on the 
other side of the coin, elective in the context of cosmetic procedures. So there is some variability to when it absolutely 
has to be done. But by and large, most of them are of that serious condition. And the cancer operations I think speak for 
themselves. So I wouldn't say that it's 100% but it's the lion's share of our business plan. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: Mimi, just one comment. This is an observation, not a statement. But in prior lives, I can 
remember that when we went through significant recessions and people had potentially – were going to be laid off their 
jobs, we actually saw an acceleration of where people were moving things forward while they were still insured. And I 


don't know that will be the case this time. But we did in terms of hospital space and specific treatment. So we'll just 
kind of have to see how this plays out. 

<Q - Mimi Pham>: Okay. And then in terms of CapEx spending potentially being tougher decision for the hospitals, 
are you expecting longer lead times and generally more people and administration being involved in the purchase 
decision going forward? 

<A - Marshall Mohr>: At the present time, we don't have any indicators that tell us that that's the case or that anything 
has changed. But we're early into this. 

<Q - Mimi Pham>: At then last I guess, I know we have to wait till next quarter to get 2009 guidance. But just looking 
at how you're approaching it, do you think you'll be using sort of a – when you look at your systems pipeline, would 
you be using a little more conservative Conversion Rater or – than you've done in past years, just given the economy? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: No, no. there is too much uncertainty at this point for us to predict that. 

<Q - Mimi Pham>: Okay. 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: I think the base of our business – the core of our business is procedures. And that's very 
healthy, as Aleks was coloring up what's going on in dVH, it's pretty clear that we're on a growth path on dVH. 

<Q - Mimi Pham>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Ben Andrew [William Blair & Company, L.L.C.]. Your line is open sir. 

<Q>: Good afternoon. It's actually Matt for Ben. All I have is just two real quick ones. The services gross margin in the 
quarter was obviously very good, on an absolute basis in terms of the cost over the last three quarters, it's been coming 
down. Should we expect that they catch up in Q4, or can you just give us a little color on what's going on there? 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: Yeah. You are right. You've noticed in the past two quarters we've had better leverage, if you 
will, on our service. So, a couple of things are going on there. We've got higher service revenues and we've been 
keeping our fixed costs pretty stable there. So we've had better leverage on our fixed costs. And the other thing is we're 
seeing the benefits of reliability improvements that we've been working on pretty much continuously. So, what 
reliability improvements translates into is a reduced number of spare parts we need for repairs, a reduced number of 
service calls we have to make, and that's all being reflected in that better gross margin line. 

<Q>: Okay. And then on your sales force expansion, can you just – real quick housekeeping, tell me the number again, 
I missed that when you gave it in terms of the field sales force increases in the quarter? 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: So, roughly speaking, I think we added about 20 people to the field. And there's a few metrics 
that I think we report on for you guys, and there's about a total of 340 people now in the field, and roughly speaking 
about 60 of those folks are focused in on selling systems. We've got over 210 people that are focused in on procedure 
growth. We've got about I think 65 people that are service engineers and about 15 people that are in field training. 

<Q>: Okay. Would you say that the allocation between the two in terms of pricing systems and driving utilization has 
been changing recently or is that pretty much steady state? 

<A - Marshall Mohr>: No, we've run that by a set of metrics, it's pretty much steady state. 

<Q>: Okay. And then just lastly, given the scare that we saw in the stock with MIRO recently, is there any update on 
the competitive front? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: I'll let Gary answer the question on any changes in the competitive front. 


<A - Gary Guthart>: Nothing – nothing really big on that front. We continue to watch companies in Asia and in 
Europe. But I think nothing that really looks imminent. 

<Q>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Ed Shenkan [Needham & Co]. Your line is open. 

<Q - Ed Shenkan>: Thanks. We recently surveyed 60 CEO and CFOs of hospitals about the da Vinci, and one thing 
they were anxious for is incremental reimbursement when they use da Vinci. Just wondering where we stand with 
insurers and CMS to get incremental reimbursement? 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: Yeah, Ed, so as a reminder I think we might have mentioned this before. So CMS starting 
October 1, so literally about 15 days ago, they've implemented these new ICD-9 codes, and what that does is now allow 
hospitals to now record specifically when a robotic procedure has been performed. Because remember, before the DRG 
codes were pretty much the same for – whether it was done open or da Vinci or laparoscopic, or laproscopic and da 
Vinci would be using the same code. So the idea here is for them to capture that data on robotic surgery, and what we 
expect is going to happen is over the next two years they are going to collect data and then after that we'll see what they 
do with that data. 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: Now, I think those administrators that you're referring to, I suspect, and in fact we've already 
seeing some signs of this where, aside from Medicare patients, they will use that – this data to try to seek higher 
reimbursement from some of their third-party payers. And now they have a vehicle to do that. Whether, and how 
successful they are going to be is going to depend on the various plans, but at least we are in the point now where they 
can literally give pure transparent data and make a case for why they may deserve higher reimbursement. So that's the 
first step. 

<Q - Ed Shenkan>: And with regard to mitral valve repair, da Vinci is getting used more here and makes – as we are 
talking to docs, repairs easier, when will we get closer to an inflection point when we'll start to see even more 
utilization in mitral valve? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: That's a little harder to predict, and specifically I think if you would ask me about – you would ask 
me that same question with any cardiac procedure, I think it is just difficult for us to say. I think you're right on, in that 
there are a lot of doctors who are now aware of the patient value and the physician sort of friendliness of da Vinci 
within those complex operations. Mitral valve, it's not just that they are becoming easier, they're able to do more 
complex repairs and are seeing fewer replacements required. So, that word is really starting to get out. It's been a slow 
steady growth for us, and there is some really key centers and we've talked about them in the past, places like the Mayo 
Clinic and the Cleveland Clinic, very generally speaking, conservative places that have really adopted this, and we will 
expect that to continue. But to predict what the inflection point looks like is really hard for us to do. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: But this is, again, viral. Places like the Cleveland Clinic and others that are doing it, really do 
help that. And we currently find situations where patients and we just – there is a fellow who just wrote a book, I 
picked up it on the Internet that was on his mitral valve, he is asymptomatic, a runner, a real athletic guy, and we've 
connected with him and already patients have come to him – they go to their first cardiologist and they tell him they 
don't know anything about it and their first response is kind of, well, you're not a candidate for this rather than saying I 
don't know much about it. But as that awareness grows, I think we will see it – and I think I'll be true to also with 
ReVasc as – especially with some of the data that's coming out and both for stents and the data that's coming out for 
ReVasc. We have time for one more question. 

Operator 

Yes sir. Our last question today comes from Amit Hazan [Oppenheimer & Co.]. Your line is open, sir. 


<Q - Amit Hazan>: Thanks very much. I just have a couple, if you'll bear with me. First of all, on prostate, just on 
prostate, both questions. I'll ask my first one. I think – you were talking about, if I recall, in the second quarter, 35% 
growth during the first half of the year for prostate procedures. And so, now, if we look at the 30%, that implies, of 
course a much bigger slowdown than we anticipated. If, in fact, if we run the numbers, that's about 3 to 5,000 
procedures decline versus the last time that you gave guidance. And so, I'm wondering if you can focus on the U.S. in 
particular, because I'm guessing that it has to come at least a little bit from the U.S., and let us know what is going on 
there that's coming in below you're expectations. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: Let me make a comment on that. I mean, and you're right, as we plot adoption curve, we clearly 
are now on the upper quadrant of the adoption curve. If you assume kind of the open procedures that – we're taking all 
open procedures. And so, with that growth was slow. I mean, it's just the nature of an adoption curve, is it slows as you 
reach into it. Now, as we penetrate – or the next phase of DVP will largely dependent on how successful we are at 
penetrating alternative treatment modalities, and those will be tougher. The adoption will be slower because you have 
French competitors who are going to fight hard to resist. You don't have an organized competitor in open to resist. So, I 
think that will slow a bit. But I think it's – that it is a function and I've just recently updated all of our adoption curves 
and we're not – we always have a seasonal drop in the third quarter and we'll see what the fourth quarter looks like, but 
if it comes back onto the line it will be – and which I suspect it will, because every third quarter it's off the line, it 
comes right back. We've got a very, I mean a very consistent adoption curve going. Now, that said, that is I believe is 
primarily for the open procedures, and the next segment we'll be penetrating I think will be slower and higher 
resistance. But time will tell. 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: The other thing I'd throw in there is we've always talked about international, and we've 
probably fallen into this ourselves, is that we tend to characterize international as one big group. It's really not, it's a lot 
of difference places. And so it's kind of hard to predict what that growth rate is country-to-country. It's still definitely 
growing. So, we're again forecasting over a 30% growth year-over-year on the 55,000 procedures we did last year. So, 
it's still a significant growth. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: Well, I'll tell you another thing, another point is that we've got such growth in GYN that the field 
resources are being sucked right into GYN, and quite frankly it's part our strategy. As we look at the adoption curve, on 
the lower portion of the adoption curve, the lower half, that is primarily pushed, it's sales driven. I mean sales – we've 
got to get the systems placed, we've got to get the surgeon's trained, we've got to build the infrastructure that can 
support the procedure. In the latter part of the adoption curve, we believe that it's marketing driven, because it's – we 
now have hospitals with the system, we have surgeons who are trained, and now we need to help continue to build 
awareness and to help them draw patients into – to be – for the surgeon to perform surgery on them. So, I think that it's 
also a shift, and this is dVP is our maiden voyage in many ways in terms of the first major procedure to drive to a 
standard of care. 

<Q - Amit Hazan>: Thanks. And if I can ask actually the question in a different – from a different angle just to kind of 
get your thoughts on it. With regard to your clinical sales force, and if you can remind us how much you've in fact 
increased them by this year, but if you're not hitting the procedure number and you've increased them by as much as 
you have, and the dVH guidance that you've given for procedures hasn't really increased this year, how do we think 
about the clinical sales force or the procedure for sales force or how you think about that, and is there something there 
that you're thinking about doing differently or – just color around that would be great. 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: A couple of classifications for you Amit. So one is actually from a total procedure standpoint; 
from the beginning of the year we've increased our guidance. So in fact when we started off the year we thought we 
might be growing somewhere around 50 or so percent on total procedures. We now think we're going 57 to 58%, and 
the clinical sales force that you're talking about and Lonnie was talking about, they go after all procedures, not just 
dVPs. So, anyway, we have been adding people in the field and in terms of the metrics that Jerry was talking about 
before, we're pleased with the productivity of those clinical sales people. 

<Q - Amit Hazan>: Okay. Thanks very much guys. 


Lonnie M. Smith, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you. That's our last question for today. As I've said in – on prior calls that we believe the adoption is driven by a 
significant shift in patient value, which is a function of improved surgical outcomes and reduced surgical trauma. It is 
our goal to deliver value in the following order. First to the patient we discussed, second to the surgeon, third to the 
hospital, fourth to our employees; and if we do these four things, we believe we'll bring value to our shareholders. And 
by the way every one of our employees is a shareholder. 

Two weeks ago I met with surgeons in several large East Coast university medical centers, and during this trip I spoke 
with two chiefs of gynecology that have become major da Vinci users. I mention these two because of their contrasting 
perspectives. One is in his mid-40s and a highly skilled laparoscopic surgeon. He said that he had converted to da Vinci 
surgery for two reasons. First, he had seen – he said that he had seen a dramatic reduction in pain and improvement in 
the speedy recovery of his patients. Even patients he operated on at the very end of the day and early evening, he said 
were ready to go home at 11 o'clock the next morning. The second reason he said is his experience of major reduction 
in his own muscular and skeletal pain associated with performing surgery day after day with conventional laparoscopic 
instruments. The second surgeon is in his mid-to late 50s, probably closer to late 50s. He describes himself as a very 
fast and effective large incision surgeon with no interest in laparoscopy. 

At least that was the case until he was diagnosed with prostate cancer, which he had removed with the da Vinci system. 
He was so amazed with the speed of his recovery that he began to reconsider the benefits that da Vinci might bring to 
his own patients. And he says he is now a very fast and affective small incision robotic surgeon. The last story kind of 
relates to the question that was raised about cardiac and mitral valve adoption. The last story is a sister of one of our 
engineers who was diagnosed with asymptomatic mitral valve disease. She is a physically fit runner living in Southern 
California. She asked her cardiologist about the possibility of a robotic repair and was told that she was not a candidate 
and sent to a surgeon who planned to perform the surgery through a large incision, a sternotomy. Her brother suggested 
that she get a second opinion. So, she spoke with Alfredo Trento who is the Director of the Division of Cardiothoracic 
Surgery at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles. He repaired the mitral valve with the da Vinci system. She had 
a great outcome and returned to her cardiologist a few weeks later. He was surprised to learn that she had already had a 
surgery. He was so impressed with the result that he said he would refer all future patients to Dr. Trento at 
Cedars-Sinai. It's always great to hear these patients' stories, but even better when it's someone close to a member of 
our Intuitive family. 

In closing, we remain committed to delivering exceptional value in terms of improved surgical outcomes and reduced 
surgical trauma for our patients, and exceptional operating performance for our shareholders. We are committed to 
focusing on the vital few things that really make a difference as we strive to take surgery beyond the limits of the 
human hand. 

That concludes today's call. We thank you for your participation and support in this extraordinary journey. We look 
forward to talking with you again in three months. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 


© COPYRIGHT 2008, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


