Company Name: Intuitive Surgical 
Company Ticker: ISRG US 
Date: 2007-04-19 
Event Description: Q1 2007 Earnings Call 

Q1 2007 Earnings Call 

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

...thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. 

[Operator Instructions] 

I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Sarah Norton. Ma'am, you may begin. 

Sarah Norton, Investor Relations 

Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to Intuitive Surgical's First Quarter Conference Call. With me today, we have 
Lonnie Smith, our President and CEO; Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer; Ben Gong, our Vice President of 
Finance and Treasurer; and Aleks Cukic, our Vice President of Business Development and Strategic Planning. 

Before we begin, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today's call maybe deemed to contain 
forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied as a result of certain 
risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in the Company's Securities and Exchange 
Commission filings. Prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking 
statements. 

Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website at IntuitiveSurgical.com on the 
audio archive section under our investor relations page. In addition, today's press release has been posted to our 
website. Today's format will consist of providing you with highlights of our first quarter as described in our press 
release announced earlier today, followed by a question and answer session. First, Lonnie will present the quarter's 
business highlights, Marshall will follow with a review of our first quarters' financial results; next, Aleks will discuss 
sales and marketing highlights, then Ben will provide our updated financial forecast for 2007; and finally, we will host 
a question and answer session. With that, I would like to introduce Lonnie Smith, our President and CEO. 

Lonnie M. Smith, President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you for joining us today. As you can see from our press release, we had another strong, solid quarter. We 
continue to drive the adoption curve for robotically assisted surgery delivering top-line and bottom-line growth. 
Highlights for the first quarter are as follows. 

Total revenue grew to a 114 million, up 48% from last year. Instrument and accessory revenue increased to 40 million, 
up 73%. Total reoccurring revenue, including service, grew to 58 million, up 66% from prior year comprising 51% of 
total revenue. We sold 44 da Vinci surgical systems, up from 35 during the first quarter of last year; 33 of the 44 
systems were in the United States. We ended the first quarter with 602 da Vinci systems installed worldwide. We 
generated an operating profit of 42 million, 37% of revenue before non-cash 123R stock option expense, up 58% from 
the first quarter of last year. 

GAAP net income grew to 24 million, 21% of revenue, up 65% from last year. We ended the quarter with 385 million 
in cash and investments, up 163 million from last year and 55 million from last quarter. Because of the significant 
non-cash stock option and statutory tax expenses reflected in our GAAP net income, we sincerely believe that operating 
profit before non-cash 123R stock option expense is a better measure of our actual financial performance. 


While we reported 24 million in GAAP net income for the quarter, we grew cash and marketable securities by 55 
million. That included 10 million in cash receipts from stock option exercise – stock options exercised during the 
quarter. 

Some of our operating accomplishments in the first quarter include excellent sequential quarter-to-quarter procedure 
growth, led by gynecology and followed by urology. We believe the procedure growth continues to be the primary 
driver of all revenue components of our business and the best lead indicator of future performance. It indicates the rate 
of procedure adoption and drives new systems sales to both new and existing customers. Procedure growth drove 
additional system sales at 12 existing customers in the first quarter. Four of those medical centers bought their fourth da 
Vinci System during the quarter. The da Vinci S continued to dominate our systems mix and we will launch a 
three-arm da Vinci S System this quarter. 

We launched da Vinci S High-Definition Vision System in the United States this quarter and 21 or two-thirds of the 33 
systems sold in the United States were High-Definition. We intend to launch the High-Definition Vision System in 
Europe at the end of this quarter. We launched the suture cut needle driver, made significant progress in the move of 
our European headquarters from France to Switzerland and grew our Intuitive team to 615 from 563 at the end of the 
year. 

With that, I will pass the time over to Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer. 

Marshall L. Mohr, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Lonnie. Total first quarter revenue increased to $114.2 million, up 48% from 77.3 million for the first 
quarter of 2006 and up 1% from the 112.6 million for the fourth quarter of 2006. Our revenue growth is driven by 
procedure adoption and we experienced growth in all of our targeted procedures during the quarter. da Vinci 
hysterectomy and prostatectomy continue to be our fastest-growing procedures, and based on our first quarter results 
we continue to believe that da Vinci prostatectomy procedures will grow by more than 50% in 2007 compared with 
2006 and that da Vinci hysterectomy procedures will grow over 150%. 

First quarter revenues by product category were as follows. Instrument and accessory revenue increased to 40.3 
million, up 73% compared with 23.3 million last year and 21% compared with 33.3 million last quarter. The growth 
rates in instruments and accessories is comparable to, and a direct result of, our procedure growth rates. The amount of 
instrument and accessory revenue we earned per procedure remained relatively unchanged, between 1500 and 2000 per 
procedure for established da Vinci accounts. Including the impact of initial orders completed with new system 
purchases, instrument and accessory revenue continues to be between 2000 and $2500 per procedure. 

Systems revenue increased to 56.1 million, up 32% compared with 42.4 million last year and decreased 11% compared 
with 62.9 million last quarter. The sequential decrease in systems revenue reflects expected seasonal trends in system 
sales, partially offset by an increase in average revenue per system. First quarter da Vinci Surgical System revenue 
reflects the sale of 44 systems compared with 35 sold during the first quarter of last year and 50 systems sold in the 
fourth quarter. Twenty one of the systems sold during the quarter were our latest S model, incorporating high-definition 
vision capabilities. 17 were S models incorporating standard vision capabilities, three were four-arm standard systems 
and three were three-arm standard systems. 13 of the systems sold were to repeat customers compared to 16 systems 
sold to repeat customers in the previous quarter. We believe that repeat customers represent a significant element of our 
potential market opportunity and validate increased usage trends. 

Our first quarter average revenue per system, including all da Vinci models but excluding upgrades, was 1.25 million, 
which is 50,000 more than the average revenue per system in the fourth quarter of 2006. The higher average revenue 
per system primarily reflects sales of our new HD model, which have a list price of 120,000 more than our da Vinci S 
standard vision model. Upgrades, including fourth arms and HD, accounted for 1 million of the current quarter systems' 
revenue compared to 2.6 million last quarter. 

Service and training revenue increased to 17.8 million, up 53% compared with 11.6 million last year and up 9% 
compared with 16.3 million last quarter. The growth in service and training revenue is primarily driven by larger 
system install base as well as higher annual contract prices associated with da Vinci S models. Total recurring revenue, 
comprised of instrument, accessory, service and training revenue increased to 58.1 million, up 66% compared with the 
first quarter of 2006 and up 17% compared with the fourth quarter of 2006. Recurring revenue represented 51% of total 
first quarter revenue. 


Our first quarter 2007 gross margin of 67% was higher than the 66.6% realized in the fourth quarter. The increase in 
our gross margin is primarily due to improvements in the cost of service and lower instrument costs, partially offset by 
lower margins on our HD product. Total operating expenses for the first quarter of 2007 were 42.2 million compared 
with 39.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2006. 

Operating expenses included 7 million of non-cash stock option expense in the first quarter compared with 5.8 million 
of stock option expense in the fourth quarter. The sequential increase in stock option expense primarily reflects the 
annual grant to employees made in February. Excluding the effect of stock option expense, the sequential operating 
expense increase of 1.5 million reflects costs associated with increased head count and the move of our international 
operations from France to Switzerland. We added 52 employees during the first quarter, ending the period with 615 
regular employees, the majority of the additions, which were worldwide sales and support and manufacturing 
organizations. 

First quarter 2007 operating income was 34.3 million, or 30.1% of sales, compared with 35.4 million, or 31.5% of sales 
for the fourth quarter of 2006. Our first quarter 2007 other income of 4.6 million increased compared with 4.2 million 
in the fourth quarter of 2006. The increase is primarily the result of increased interest earned on greater cash and 
investment balances. Our effective tax rate for the first quarter was 38.9%, which is lower than the 40% we provided in 
our guidance call in February. The decrease reflects R&D credits computed under the IRS renewed regulations and 
other manufacturing credits. We continued to utilize net loss carryforwards in 2007 and expect our cash outlay as a 
percentage of pre-tax income for 2007 will be between 15 and 20% of pre-tax income. The implementation timetable 
for our new tax structure, which includes the move of our European headquarters from France to Switzerland, is on 
target, but will not generate a reduction in our global tax rate until after 2008. 

Our net income increased to 23.8 million, or 62 cents per share, up 65% compared with 14.5 million, or 38 cents per 
share for the first quarter of 2006, and up 1% compared with 23.6 million, or 62 cents per share for the fourth quarter of 
2006. Now turning our attention to the balance sheet. 

We ended the first quarter of 2007 with cash, cash equivalents and investments of 385 million, up 55 million from the 
previous quarter end. 9.7 million of the cash generated in the quarter was associated with stock purchase activities. The 
remaining cash is generated primarily related to operating activities. Our accounts receivable balance decreased to 90.5 
million at March 31, 2007 from 94.7 million at December 31, 2006. 

Accounts receivable continued to fluctuate with the timing of systems revenue while we continue to realize good 
collection results. Our net inventory increased to 26.3 million at March 31, 2007 from 24.3 million at December 31, 
2006. Our inventory turns at March 31, 2007 of 5.6 times per year declined slightly relative to the six turns at the end of 
the previous quarter. And with that, I would like to turn it over to Aleks, who will go over our sales, marketing and 
clinical highlights. 

Aleks Cukic, Vice President, Business Development and Strategic Planning 

Thank you Marshall. During the first quarter, we shipped 44 da Vinci systems. 33 systems were placed in the US, nine 
into Europe and two in rest world markets. 38 of the 44 system shipments were da Vinci S Systems. Three were 
standard four-arm systems and three were standard three-arm da Vinci systems. Of the 38 S systems sold, 21 were HD 
systems. The 44 systems sold during the quarter brings to 602 the cumulative number of da Vinci systems worldwide; 
461 in North America, 101 in Europe and 40 in rest of world markets. 13 of the 44 systems sold during the quarter were 
sold as second, third or fourth system sales. Four hospitals, St. Joseph's Atlanta, City of Hope National Cancer Center 
in Los Angeles, Hackensack Medical Center in New Jersey and Centennial Medical Center in Nashville all purchased 
their fourth da Vinci Systems during the quarter. 

The University of Michigan in Ann Arbor purchased their second and third systems, and the University of California, 
Irvine purchased their third da Vinci system. Outside the US we had an excellent quarter with 11 system sales, which 
included our second da Vinci to Lund University Hospital in Lund, Sweden, as well as our second system to 
Onze-Lieve-Vrouw Medical Center in Aalst, Belgium. Clinically, we had another strong quarter with excellent 
sequential procedure growth, both US and internationally. We launched two new products, the da Vinci HD vision 
system, which we have talked about, and the da Vinci suture cut needle driver. The suture cut needle driver is a 
multifunction instrument which will streamline procedures and reduce OR time. We participated in several key 
conferences in the quarter and had 36 da Vinci related clinical papers published in various peer reviewed journals. 


Gynecology, paced by da Vinci hysterectomy and sacral colpopexy, showed the largest sequential procedure growth, 
followed by urology, most notably dVP. 

Our general surgery procedure business, led by da Vinci gastric bypass, also showed very strong growth, and general 
surgery is now approximately the same size as our cardiothoracic business. All of the targeted surgical categories 
showed sequential procedure growth. 

We've participated in eight conferences within urology, gynecology and cardiothoracic surgery. However, our review 
highlights from only three, beginning with the European Association of Urology, or EAU. At this year's EAU, where 
attendance was estimated at 12,000, our presence was stronger than ever. For the first time, the EAU featured live da 
Vinci surgery in its plenary program. In fact, the EAU featured three live nerve-sparing dVP broadcasts. 

In addition, there were 20 da Vinci-related presentations and abstracts, which represented twice as many as last year. 
But, the strongest endorsement probably came out of the distinguished plenary lecture entitled The Future of Robotics 
in Urology. The distinguished plenary lecture was delivered by Dr. Mani Menon, Chairman of the Vattikuti Urology 
Institute at Henry Ford Hospital. Dr. Menon's group has performed over 3000 da Vinci operations to date and are active 
publishers of da Vinci-based outcomes research. In his lecture, Dr. Menon showed data supporting a decrease in overall 
complication rates and a significant decrease in medical complication rates when comparing dVP to both laparoscopic 
radical prostatectomy and open radical prostatectomy. 

The literature reports medical complication rates following open radical prostatectomy to be between 13 and 20%. For 
traditional laparoscopic radical prostactectomy, 11%; and Henry Ford's dVP medical complication rates, 0.9%. He 
concluded, and I quote – 'the less invasive the surgery, the greater the physiologic benefit, the fewer the medical 
complications. The future of robotics may be in making complex, minimally invasive surgery safer across multiple 
surgical disciplines'. 

At the EAU, the Journal of Robotics Surgery was launched by Springer Publishing. The Journal of Robotics Surgery is 
a peer-reviewed journal that will issue quarterly and focus specifically on robotics surgery within adult and pediatric 
urology, gynecology, cardiac surgery, general surgery and ENT. We are pleased that the critical mass of robotics 
surgery has reached a point to support its own peer-reviewed journal. 

At the Society of Gynecologic Oncology, or SGO Conference, da Vinci was prominently featured in several venues. 
The SGO conducted robotic didactic sessions, robotic postgraduate courses and several da Vinci podium and poster 
presentations. In addition, the Intuitive booth featured clinical speakers and da Vinci HD test drives. Early data 
comparing da Vinci hysterectomy to open hysterectomy and laparoscopic hysterectomy was superior when comparing 
lymph node retrieval counts, blood loss, hospital length of stay, complications and operating time. 

The presentations given by doctors John Boggess and Schaefer, from the University of North Carolina, showed that 
when comparing dVH to traditional laparoscopic hysterectomy for endometrial cancer staging in their first 61 patients, 
lymph node counts were up nearly 30% within the robotic cohort. Blood loss was cut in half, OR time was 50 minutes 
less, and complications were approximately a third. A comparison of obese patients undergoing dVH versus open 
surgery for cancer showed lymph node counts of 38.4 versus 22.3, blood loss of 119 versus 562 milliliters, length of 
stay of one day versus 3.5 days, all while reducing complications. We are pleased to see that these early results are 
getting attention at the various society meetings. 

At the World Robotic GYN Symposium, which took place last week at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, the 
presentations and procedures focused on da Vinci hysterectomy, myomectomy and sacral colpopexy. One of the most 
telling presentations was delivered by Dr. Thomas Payne from the Ochsner Clinic. Dr. Payne compared his last 100 
consecutive hysterectomies prior to robotics to his first 100 da Vinci hysterectomies. He compared the overall 
laparotomy, or open incision rate, blood loss, hospital stay and operative times. Dr. Payne reported that his overall 
laparotomy rate dropped significantly from 20% to 4%, as did blood loss, hospital stay and operative times. In his 
conclusion when asked why adopt robotics in GYN, he listed a number of compelling reasons, which could be 
summarized as follows. 

Regardless of the pathology found intraoperatively, surgeons can successfully complete the case with robotics, which 
he believes has the potential to lead to fully endoscopic or vaginal practices that minimize or eliminate the need for 
total abdominal hysterectomies. This is a pretty powerful conclusion with the potential to reshape the GYN's clinicians' 
practices. Lastly, I would like to give you a second-quarter product note. We will begin shipping the three-arm da Vinci 
S System later this quarter. The three-arm S System will have a list price of $1.29 million and will be configured with a 


standard 3-D vision system. The three-arm S System will accept a fourth arm or HD Vision system upgrade. That 
concludes my update and I will now turn the time over to Ben. 

Benjamin B. Gong, Vice President, Finance and Treasurer 

Thank you, Aleks. As mentioned on last quarter's call, we're now providing guidance on a GAAP reporting basis, 
including stock compensation expenses. We will provide an estimate of the stock compensation expenses separately so 
that you can calculate meaningful comparisons that exclude these non-cash expenses. Based on our first quarter results, 
we are increasing our previous guidance for both revenue and profits for 2007. 

Starting with revenue, in our previous call, we estimated our instrument and accessory revenue to grow between 50 and 
55% over 2006. Now based upon stronger procedure growth led by dVP and dVH, we expect 2007 instrument and 
accessory revenue to grow between 65 and 70% over 2006. We continue to expect system revenue to grow between 20 
and 25% over 2006. We expect the majority of this growth to come from an increase in unit shipments. As Marshall 
mentioned, our system average selling price was approximately $1.25 million for the first quarter. For the balance of 
the year, we expect our higher priced HD systems to compose a majority of overall systems. However, we are 
launching the lower-priced three-arm da Vinci S System this quarter, which will temper any further growth in ASP. As 
a result, we expect system ASPs for the balance of the year to vary between 1.2 million and 1.25 million. This is up 
from the 1.15 million to $1.25 million range we had previously forecast. 

We continue to expect service revenues to grow approximately 45% above 2006 levels. Overall, we now expect our 
total 2007 revenues to grow approximately 40% over 2006 compared to 35% previously forecast. With regard to gross 
profit margin, on our previous call we estimated our full-year gross profit margin to be between 65 and 66%. We are 
increasing our forecast by one percentage point and we now expect to achieve 2007 gross profit margin of 66 to 67%, 
which is about the same gross margin percentage we reported for 2006. 

Moving to operating expense. On our last call, we had forecast to increase our annual operating expenses by 32 to 36% 
over 2006. Based upon higher variable selling costs associated with our higher revenue forecast, we expect to finish the 
year in the higher end of this range, namely 35 to 36%. Included in this forecast are the costs associated with moving 
our international sales office to Switzerland. 

We incurred approximately $600,000 of costs associated with those activities in the first quarter and continue to expect 
to incur an additional 1 to $1.5 million this year. Again, these forecasts for gross margin and operating expense include 
the impact of FAS 123R stock compensation expense. Our first quarter operating income included $8.1 million of 
non-cash stock compensation expenses, 1.2 million in cost of sales and 6.9 million in operating expense. 

We continue to anticipate the full-year impact of FAS 123R to be approximately $36 million with a percentage 
allocation to P&L lines consistent with Q1. Other income expense, which is mainly comprised of interest income, is 
expected to be approximately $20 million for the year compared with the 19 million to $20 million range we had 
previously forecast. 

With regard to income tax, based upon the impact of R&D tax credits and manufacturing credits that Marshall 
described earlier, our Q1 tax rate was 38.9%. We believe the impact of these factors will continue through 2007, and 
therefore, we expect the full-year 2007 tax rate to be approximately 39% compared to the 40% forecast previously. We 
expect our effective cash tax expense to be between 15% and 20% for 2007. As Marshall mentioned, we do not expect 
to realize any of the tax rate benefit related to our international reorganization during 2007. Regarding shares 
outstanding, we currently have 37.5 million common shares outstanding and we also have approximately 4 million 
option shares outstanding. 

Depending upon our average stock price during the second quarter, a portion of the 4 million option shares will be 
added to the fully diluted shares calculation. For calculating EPS in Q2, we expect the share count to be between 38.5 
and 38.7 million shares. That concludes our prepared remarks and we will now open the call to your questions. 

Sarah Norton, Investor Relations 

Operator? 


Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our first questions comes from Michael Matson with Wachovia. Your line is open sir. 

<Q - Vincent Ricci>: Hi. Yes, this actually Vincent Ricci in for Michael. How are you guys doing. 

<A>: Okay. 

<Q - Vincent Ricci>: Just a couple of quick questions for you. You mentioned sacral colpopexy. Could you give us the 
size of that market? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: The overall market for the suspension procedures is in the couple-hundred-thousand, about 
200-some-odd-thousand. However, the actual complex sacral colpopexies by our estimates is probably somewhere in 
the order of 60 to 100,000. 

<Q - Vincent Ricci>: Okay. And when you're talking about your general procedures that you're targeting, obviously 
you mentioned bariatric surgery. Are there any others that you're targeting? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: That's the one that's probably receiving the most attention from general surgery and is one that has 
shown the most growth, but we certainly have a really good value proposition in a number of esophageal procedures, 
Heller myotomies, and even some of the complex biliary procedures. But I think the one that really presents some 
materiality at this point is gastric bypass. 

<Q - Vincent Ricci>: Okay. And when you're saying that, are you referring to all bariatric surgeries, or just the Y 
procedure? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: Right now, we're used in a number of them, but the one I think that has the strongest value 
proposition, or at least we're being told is, the double-layered suture anastomosis versus a stapled anastomosis in the 
anastomosis in the Roux-en-Y procedures. But there's – in fact, this week, the SAGES conference is taking place and I 
think there are a number of presentations that actually address that too. 

<Q - Vincent Ricci>: Okay. And then just a last quick question. What's the philosophy behind having a three-arm S 
System? 

<A>: Will you take that. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: I think that we're selling the three arm standard today and this gives an upgrade path for those 
that come in at a little lower price point to be able to move up to all the features of the S and move up to, also able to 
upgrade into HD and to a fourth arm. So this provides a path that if you buy a standard three-arm, you can move to a 
fourth arm, but you don't have the other options of moving to HD and all of the features that the S will promise longer 
term. 

<Q - Vincent Ricci>: Okay. Great. Thanks for taking my questions. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Tao Levy with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Good afternoon. A couple of questions from me. It was an interesting quarter, because this is one of 
the first quarters where we have seen sort of the recurring part of the business come above the systems sales. Do you 
think going forward and based on the growth rates that you're providing, that this is going to be a continuing trend 
going forward? 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: Tao, this is Ben. If we continue to see this trend in instruments and accessories grow by 65 to 
70%, then yes, we believe that it will continue to be more than 50% of our sales for recurring versus the capital. And 
we had predicted that there was going to be a crossover at some point in time and what's really driving this it seems at 
this point is the procedure growth which was actually very, very good this past quarter. 


<A - Lonnie Smith>: Tao, we have always – our models have always anticipated that procedures will outgrow systems 
because – actually, our model we have growing procedures per system and if we are growing procedures per system at 
the same time we are adding systems, we will build strengthen and continue to build the recurring revenue stream. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: And Ben, I think in the last – in the fourth quarter call, you had mentioned just on utilization again 
two to three per week per system, I think that was the metric you provided. It seems like – are you guys slightly ahead 
of that in this quarter, or is it difficult to back into the sales number? 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: So we continued to make progress on the utilization. We are still within that range of two to 
three procedures per system per week. As you can imagine, you can make incremental changes, and it has a pretty 
dramatic impact on the business when you take that across the 600 systems that are installed worldwide. So yes, we 
continue to make gradual improvements in that metric. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Perfect. And just, lastly, on the HD contribution, and maybe I am not understanding the technology 
properly, but is it easy to upgrade the standard S system to the HD? Because I didn't hear that number called out in the 
call? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: No, and in fact, it's not possible to upgrade it to HD without... 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Yes, the standard S system? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: Talking about the standard S System, it's not – we do not have an upgrade pathway from a 
standard S System to HD. 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: So let me – so you can't... 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: ...standard S, sorry. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Sorry – da Vinci S, not the standard... 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: Wrong answer. 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: So, yes, there's an upgrade pathway, and in fact, we upgraded two existing customers from a 
normal Vision System to an HD Vision System this past quarter. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Do you think that's – was that on the lower end of your expectations in the quarter, just given how 
well the gross margins trended? Again, you had highlighted the fact that HD would have brought the gross margins 
down, and in fact the gross margins went up. 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: I think the – it's always going to be not a large number. Upgrades in general was about 1% of 
our revenues this quarter, and probably that's the right order of magnitude that we will expect on both fourth-arm 
upgrades and HD upgrades perhaps the rest of this year. The thing to remember is that for people to make that 
purchase, there's still a capital acquisition process, and so it's just not an automatic thing for them to go ahead and 
spend that money and make that upgrade. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: And we also have some capacity – we're not pushing upgrades at this point in time because we 
need the HD systems we have for new shipments. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Tim Nelson with Piper Jaffray. 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: Hi guys. You just were talking about upgrades, so let's finish that. How many fourth-arm 
upgrades were there in the quarter? 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: There were five this past quarter. 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: And that was down sequentially from a pretty big number last quarter? 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: Yes, the fourth quarter was probably, of all of the quarters, the most unusual quarter. I think 
five is probably more consistent with what we have seen in other quarters. 


<Q - Timothy Nelson>: In your experience, when you get an upgrade like this, is it an old third-arm customer that 
maybe wasn't as active getting more active? Or is it a very active system just trying to increase their capacity and get 
more – be able to do more procedures? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: From a third to a fourth arm? 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: Yes. 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: I think what you're starting to see, and you have seen it actually for some time now, is that the 
different clinical presentations that are given really highlight the value of a fourth arm in reduced need for patient-side 
assistance, better retraction and so on and so forth. I think it's just becoming more of a standard issue and its just people 
taking the necessary steps through their capital acquisition process to get to the fourth arm. I think it makes a lot of 
sense in a lot of operations, and I think the broader public now sees that. 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: Great. And the new three-arm S System – did you give a price point on that? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: The list price of 1.29 million, and again, that is without an HD System. It's a standard 3-D Vision 
System and they can upgrade to that later and they can upgrade to a fourth arm at anytime. 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: Okay. And you provided on the procedures now – I'm back on hysterectomy and dVP – so 
50% growth in prostatectomies and 150% in gynecologic procedures. Would you care to give kind of a range of the 
baseline on that? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: Well, when you look at the growth part of the instrument and accessory guidance where we're 
giving you updated guidance, I think it's pretty safe to assume that we are growing all of our procedures, including 
dVH and dVP. I don't think we're looking to update that guidance every quarter, but I think if you just do the math, you 
will see that we're probably safely within that range. 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Eli Kammerman with Cowen. 

<Q - Eli Kammerman>: Thanks very much. First a tax question. Did you say the tax rate for this year is going to be 
38 to 39, and is it reasonable to expect it to begin to drop off in the second half of '08? 

<A - Marshall Mohr>: Just to clarify, we said it would be 39% for this year, which is consistent with what we saw in 
the first quarter. And we don't – we said we do not expect the revised tax structure we're establishing in Europe to have 
impact until after 2008. 

<Q - Eli Kammerman>: Okay. 

<A - Marshall Mohr>: Eli, one thing that we'll point out is, we will get benefits from a cash tax basis from this 
restructuring earlier than we will be reporting that in the P&L. So we will have gained benefits from this even as early 
as this year from a cash standpoint. 

<Q - Eli Kammerman>: That's from the Switzerland-France manufacturing? 

<A - Marshall Mohr>: It's not manufacturing. We're basically moving our international headquarters and the 
responsibility for customers, systems sales and relationships from France to Switzerland – actually, from the US to 
Switzerland. 

<Q - Eli Kammerman>: Okay. My next question is, what is the list price for the highest-priced version of the S 
System with HD and four arms? 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: The list price of that is 1.65 million. 

<Q - Eli Kammerman>: Okay. And then my last question is, which procedure uses the highest-cost instrument 
package? 


<A - Aleks Cukic>: It's hard to say with absolute consistency, because there's even differences between doctors and 
procedures. But if you wanted to look at, let's say, da Vinci mitral valve repair, it's pretty high and some of the 
revascularization. But again, it can vary from center to center, doctor to doctor. But I think the cardiac procedures 
probably have a little higher piece. 

<Q - Eli Kammerman>: All right. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Rick Wise, Bear Stearns. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Good afternoon everybody. Going back to Tao's question, again, ask it a little differently, do 
you all feel like we were at an inflection point in terms of procedure growth? It sounded like you all – I don't know 
whether you were pleasantly surprised or pleased or actually you're pleased – to see the huge uptick, but we saw a 
really dramatic sequential increase in the instrument use procedures. Are we actually at an inflection point in your 
view, not just as a mix of your sales? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: Well, Rick, that is a good question and I think that these inflection points are different by 
procedure, as we have said, the adoptionally, procedure by procedure. But I do believe that as we get more established 
in multiple procedures that the cumulative effect is that there is broader acceptance of the technology. Geoffrey Moore 
wrote in 'Inside the Tornado' describes that pretty accurately and we're kind of experiencing that. I don't know – what 
we see in patterns is that our – that systems are strongest in the fourth quarter, drop in the first quarter, up in the second 
quarter, it's a little soft in the third quarter, strong in the fourth quarter again. And our procedures tend to be strong in 
the first and second, soften in the summer in the third quarter, and then are strong again in the fourth quarter. So, again, 
measuring quarter-to-quarter sequentially, we will see some variation. I think when we see year-over-year, we will 
continue to see very strong differences. I don't know whether we're at an inflection point at this point in time that is 
significantly different than what we've experienced in the past. I suspect it will be. We will continue to build each 
procedure and we are feeling pretty good about some procedures that if they can – well, I think mitral valve is about to 
give us – it's a smaller segment, but it's an important one in terms of visibility and acceptance of the technology. So, I 
wouldn't count on a major shift here yet. I think we expect to continue to drive it and I don't see a – we are very pleased 
with what happened in this quarter. Give us a few more quarters, we'll tell you whether there's an inflection point or 
not. One data point is not an inflection point, I don't think. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Right. As long as we're on philosophical issues, one more larger picture one. Clearly, some of 
the papers and comments that Aleks was telling us about from medical meetings this quarter suggest that robotic 
therapy truly is helping patients – there are clinical benefits to society. Where are we in the march toward robotic 
therapy being the standard of care in your view, Lonnie, and...? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: Again, I think it depends on the procedure. I do think that we're getting close in prostotectomy 
surgery. I find people calling that I talk to that – they are not – it's not a question whether it's going to be robotic, now 
it's just a question of who they are going to go to. And I think we are getting to that point. I think we are a long way 
away from it in the others. I think it depends on the region and the market where it's being offered. I think in some 
centers, it's – the other procedures are becoming pretty much standard of care. If you went down to Atlanta, you're 
going to have a mitral valve, you are probably going to have it done with a robot at St. Joe's. But we are – so these 
things, they are a little messy in terms of how they happen, but I think that we are – as prostatectomy becomes standard 
of care, then that – then people start looking around saying, well gee, if it can happen there, it can happen in our area, 
and there's the cumulative base of knowledge and data, supports it. You start to move from early adaptors to your early 
majority and then to the majority. It's just a consistent process. We now have at least a model with prostatectomy, and 
we are seeing the pattern follow in other procedures. 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: I think, Rick, the important note there is that we have seen tremendous growth – let's just stay with 
prostatectomy for a second – from literally 2001 on, and every year it has been tremendous growth. One of the lagging 
effects; it can grow without it, but it's certainly a lagging effect, is this peer-reviewed data and the debates that go both 
directions. I think before you can be emboldened to call something truly standard of care, I think the medical 
community certainly weighs in on that. Not to say that the patients aren't going to weigh in with their desires as to how 
they are going to have it done, but I think it's more than just a mathematical number. I think to really be standard of 
care in any of these operations is a huge, huge thing, and we are moving very, very rapidly in prostatectomy and the 


others are showing really nice growth. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Okay. Couple of more questions. Can you just – did I miss it, did you comment on DSOs, 
Marshall, first quarter versus fourth quarter – any change in sales cycles, shorter or longer, anything – did I miss that? 

<A - Marshall Mohr>: I didn't give a specific DSO number, but generally it fluctuates in a range of about 10 days, and 
it has to do with the pattern of systems sales. But what I did say was that accounts receivable were down and that 
collections were good. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Last, we attended the SGO meeting and we certainly sensed there was a lot of excitement. 
Aleks, can you talk a little bit about sort of training and adoption, or time to adoption? We sensed that the docs are 
ready to go, but it might take longer to train their staff than maybe we had appreciated. Is that a correct perception? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: I don't know, longer to train their staffs. I think, again, a lot of that is just an algorithm, how many 
people you are trying to train and how many training centers do you have. The pathway is pretty well laid out, and I 
think perhaps reaching all of the GYNs in a training event is going to take longer just because the numbers are bigger. 
But I think in general, a good leading indicator for us are people who are looking to be trained, who are requesting 
proctors to be there for their first or second case and all of those things remain very positive. So I am not sure in terms 
of a metric on longer, shorter is – give you a clean answer. We have a pathway, it's working and we have a lot of 
people who want to get into that pathway. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Mimi Pham, HSBC. 

<Q - Mimi Pham>: Hi, good afternoon. For the four centers that bought their fourth system, could you give us more 
color on what prompted those purchase decisions? Did they all reach capacity with their current systems? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: If you look at them, they are interesting in that they are – you could classify them or stratify them 
a little bit differently. So for example, City of Hope is a national cancer hospital, St. Joe's Atlanta is a large community 
hospital, Hackensack has a University and residence and a medical school associated with it, and the fourth one, 
Centennial, is a premier HCA sort of flagship hospital, so a for-profit center. I think what you can say consistently is 
that they have very comprehensive programs, they have a lot of demand for system coming from multiple specialties 
and it's becoming clearer that the ability to treat those patients has value if you can treat them immediately, as opposed 
to trying to schedule them over a longer period of time and potentially losing those patients. So, yes, I would say 
capacity is a big part of it. I think the growth of some of the other procedures we've talked about it a big part of creating 
that capacity issue. 

<Q - Mimi Pham>: Thanks. And given the 21 high-def systems sold in the first quarter, does this mean that most new 
accounts are looking at high-def as a must-have versus a nice-to-have? And for technical reasons, do some divisions or 
surgeons value high-def more than others? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: I thank that it's too early for us to say what's a must-have, because it – literally, it's the first 
quarter that we've had it out. I would say that the people who have at least to this point noticed it the most are the 
people who are doing very, very delicate dissection or tissue identification. We see it a lot and we hear it a lot from the 
mitral valve side, from the revascularization and around the nerve identification for dVP. So to say it's a must-have, it 
would be hard for us to say that because we've done tens of – well, over hundreds of thousands of procedures without it 
up to this point. So people have been able to do it pretty well. But I think it's an improvement and it will help them do 
what they already do well, perhaps a little bit better. 

<Q - Mimi Pham>: Thanks. And then the last question, across your 600-system installed base, can you give us a rough 
estimate of what percentage used your system for prostatectomies and for hysterectomies in the first quarter? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: It's not a number that we have. I would just say that it's – you will find that prostatectomies are 
done across a very large percent of that number and hysterectomies across a fast-growing piece of that number. But we 
don't have a number specifically that we're sharing at this stage. 


<Q - Mimi Pham>: But for a prostatectomy, something maybe near 100, and for hysterectomy, something less than a 
quarter? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: It's hard to say this point, Mimi. 

<Q - Mimi Pham>: Okay. All right. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Charles Olsziewski with Oppenheimer. 

<Q - Charles Olsziewski>: Quick question. Quick question Ben, regarding gross margins. You had been expecting and 
forecasting a sequential decline of 100 to 150 basis points in the quarter. Did that not transpire largely because there 
were less HD upgrades than you expected and the fact that instrumentation was so strong? 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: Well, I think those were definitely factors. There's a few moving parts that impact gross 
margin. Cost reductions were pretty good this quarter. Marshall mentioned, in particular in the service area, we did 
pretty well there. We did have some HD sales which are at lower gross margin than others, and then you always have 
the mix of where you're selling the systems and when you sell direct in Europe, you have a higher ASP and the cost 
isn't that different. So, we know that the gross margin and ASPs have the capability of moving around by a point here 
or there, and we were pleased with how it came out in Q1 and that's why we went ahead and upgraded our forecast for 
the year to be – not a decline from last year, but actually equivalent to last year. 

<Q - Charles Olsziewski>: Okay. And then Aleks, two quick questions. Obviously it's great to see the pickup in the 
instrumentation side and I am wondering if that's a function of just the fact that you have been obviously shipping a lot 
of boxes over the last several quarters, or are you seeing an appreciable difference in initial uptake or utilization at a 
new account today relative to a year ago? And my second question is – just how many OB/GYNs have you trained so 
far? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: Yes. The answer to the first question, we look at a lot of metrics as I think you know, and I think 
one very important one is the number of procedures done per system, per week, per month, per quarter, and that is a 
number that, as Ben has indicated, is going up. And so a small tick-up has a – there's a lot of leverage from a small 
tick-up across the broader base. So that does imply that there is an increase, not just a couple of sites or region, but it's 
happening US, O-US equally. And so I think if you look at the second part of that first question with the uptick, another 
metric that we look at is the first case, if you will metric as to somebody buys it, when they're doing their first cases, 
how fast they're moving up, and we follow all of that, and that is a metric that we've put some resources on and are 
always trying to improve. So I think we're pleased with the way that's been going over the past few quarters. As far as 
the GYNs, I don't think that that again is a number that we have managed – we put in the public domain. It is 
something that we track, but again in the past, we used to give the overall number of people trained in any given quarter 
and it became hard to reconcile back to anything. There would be some quarters where it might be 80 and the revenue 
would be X, then there would be some quarters where it would be 100 and the revenue would be look a little less than 

X. So it's not something that we think is a number that we're going to put out there in the public domain. But I can say 
that the – it's a very busy part of our training regimen and the people getting into that or desiring to get into that 
continues to go up. 
<A - Lonnie Smith>: You know, I think there's another dynamic as we sell second and other third systems into a 
hospital, there's already pent-up demand there, there are people who have been trained and their time to first procedure 
is shortened. And so that probably gives us a little bit of a boost. 

<Q - Charles Olsziewski>: Okay. Super thanks. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: We have time for one more question. 

Operator 

Our final questions comes from Mark Richter with Jeffries & Company. 


<Q - Mark Richter>: Good afternoon guys. A couple of quick questions. First, how many total clinics O-US have 
purchased multiple units to date. And how does that compare to US in terms of total numbers and ramp? 

<A - Marshall Mohr>: Outside the United States, there's eight accounts that have two systems, and in total, we have – 
I think we have got five sites that have four, 12 sites that have three, and including those eight internationally, we have 
got 44 that have two. And then the second part of your question, can you remind me? 

<Q - Mark Richter>: Yes, it was just in terms of just ramp and uptick O-US versus US in multi-unit purchases? 

<A - Marshall Mohr>: I think we're at an earlier stage with the international market and people tend to think of the 
international market as one cohesive market, but it really isn't. There's a lot of different markets. And if you kind of 
take a look at what we have in Italy, it would be quite different than what we have in Korea as an example where in 
Italy, we have 30 systems and in Korea we have two. So I think, again, we're at the earlier stages of international 
business. We have certain pockets where we have a lot of utilization, in particular in these places where we have sold 
the second systems, in Sweden and in Belgium. They have programs that are really active, especially with 
prostotectomy, and that's what drove some of these second-system sales. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: And I think that always, and this really hasn't changed since we've been in business, certainly is 
the availability of cash for capital purchases is going to vary even more so between the United States, which is fairly 
homogenous, and Europe where if you get into a tender process for a €1 million acquisition, it could take some time. 

<Q - Mark Richter>: Perfect. Thanks. And I guess this is a question asked – I mean a question has been asked 
multiple times, this is yet another way of asking it, but what is the main driver in your view of new multiple unit 
purchases? Is it overflow of prostotectomy, is it hysterectomy? Just a little insight there would be helpful. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: I think the answer is yes to all that. I think you have, again, it becomes access to the system 
balanced with multiple people's surgical schedules. So if somebody is operating Tuesdays and Thursdays and their 
particular specialty only gets the da Vinci on Wednesdays and Fridays, then you're going to have a log jam. And as you 
build more and more demand for new procedures and more people wanting to do those procedures, it just becomes very 
difficult to make sure that you capture the patient in your system without having these long waiting lists. And so I think 
people have recognized that the sooner they can break up that log jam, the more profitable it will be for them by 
keeping those patients in their system. 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: Sites that have four systems and to some extent the sites that have three, they really are trying 
to dedicate certain systems to those specialties to be more efficient in the scheduling of their patients for those 
specialties. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: I think on an even broader sense that these centers, after they – when they have clinical success 
and economic success and they look forward to where things are going to go, and there are very few hospitals that 
won't tell you that one of their strategic initiatives is minimally invasive surgery. As they see that occur and they see 
the benefits, the confirmation of the data, then they move forward more aggressively and with greater confidence, as 
we all do. 

<Q - Mark Richter>: Perfect, thanks. And then last question. Any data releases, papers or anything else of 
significance that we should keep our eyes out for in the current quarter? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: Again, I think there will be – in the current quarter, you have a lot of I think favorable events for – 
that have been historically favorable events for us, and the biggest is AUA. So at the AUA, you're going to have a lot of 
different podium presentations. I haven't counted up the accepted papers and presentations and the like, but that in and 
of itself is a really powerful driver, it has been. As I said, going on as we speak, I am headed there later tonight, is the 
SAGES conference within general surgery, we have the AATS, we have ACOG – it's going to be a really busy second 
quarter, and so we'll take a look at those presentations and we'll certainly report on what we think is very material. 

<Q - Mark Richter>: Perfect. Thanks guys, and nice quarter. 

<A>: Thank you. 

Lonnie M. Smith, President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 


That was our last question. We have always said that our goal is to enable surgeons to perform complex surgery 
through small incisions. And Dr. Menon's evidence-based analysis, which was presented at EAU, at that meeting in 
Berlin and mentioned earlier by Aleks supports the medical validity of that goal. Dr. Menon concluded, as Aleks 
mentioned, that less invasive the surgery, the greater the physiological benefit and the less the medical complications, 
and we see that over and over and over again. And physiological benefits, he goes onto say – if physiological benefits 
are more evident for complex procedures than simple procedures; therefore, his conclusion is the future of robotics may 
be in making complex MIS safer across multiple surgical disciplines. We believe that that is true and that was what 
drives the answers to many of the questions that have been asked today. 

As I said last quarter, when we focus on – in these meetings we focus on the financial metrics, such as revenues, 
profits, cash flow during these conference calls, however, our organizational focus remains on bringing superior 
surgical outcomes, reduced complications and reduced surgical trauma to surgical patients. As I also said, I wish that 
we could somehow measure and communicate the difference our products make in the daily lives of thousands of 
people facing serious medical problems. I would prefer metrics to reflect the stories and faces of our patients. To that 
end let me share one of the stores with you. A couple of weeks ago, Usha Kreaden who is our Senior Director of 
Clinical Affairs, had stopped at a stoplight. When a man got out of his car, walked over and started knocking on the 
window of her car. She was surprised and more than a little frightened. But opened the window just slightly to hear 
what he was saying, and the first thing he said is he assured her that he was not a nut. He said that he had seen her 
ISRG license plate and just had to tell her that his wife had recently had a myomectomy performed with da Vinci at the 
Stanford Medical Center, and that she was now pregnant. He said, I just had to thank you. As we strive to take surgery 
beyond the limits of the human hand, I assure you that we remain committed to focusing on the vital few things that 
truly make a difference. That concludes today's call. We thank you for your participation, support and support on this 
extraordinary journey. We will talk with you again in three months. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may disconnect at this time. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


