Q2 2006 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Sarah Norton, Investor Relations 
• Lonnie M. Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Marshall L. Mohr, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Aleks Cukic, Vice President of Business Development and Strategic Planning 
• Benjamin Gong, Vice President of Finance and Treasurer 
Other Participants 

• Thomas Gunderson 
• Tao Levy 
• Frederick Wise 
• Ryan Rauch 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon and welcome to The Intuitive Surgical's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator 
Instructions] I will turn the meeting over to Ms. Sarah Norton, Investor Relations. Ma'am you may begin. 

Sarah Norton, Investor Relations 

Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to Intuitive Surgical's second quarter conference call. With me today we have 
Lonnie Smith, our President and CEO; Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer; Ben Gong, our Vice President of 
Finance and Treasurer; and Aleks Cukic, our Vice President of Business Development and Strategic Planning. 

Before we begin, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today's call maybe deemed to contain 
forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied as a result of certain 
risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in the Company's Securities and Exchange 
Commission filings. Prospective investors are cautioned to not place undue reliance on such forward-looking 
statements. 

Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website at www.intuitivesurgical.com on 
the Audio Archive section under our Investor Relations page. In addition, today's press release has been posted to our 
website. 

Today's format will consist of providing you with highlights of our second quarter as described in our press release 
announced earlier today, followed by a question and answer session. First, Lonnie will present the quarter's business 
highlights. Marshall will follow with a review of our second quarter's financial results, next Aleks will discuss sales 
and marketing highlights, then Ben will review our updated financial forecast for 2006 and finally we'll host 
question-and-answer session. 

With that I would like to introduce our President and CEO, Lonnie Smith. 


Lonnie M. Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you for joining us today. As you can see from our press release, we had another strong quarter. Highlights for 
the second quarter are as follows. Total revenue grew to $87 million, up 65% from the prior year. Recurring revenue 
grew to 39 million, up 60% from the prior year, comprising 45% of total revenue. We shipped 39 da Vinci Surgical 
Systems, 32 of those systems were in the United States. We ended the second quarter with 467 da Vinci Surgical 
Systems installed worldwide. 

Our gross profit margin before non-cash 123R option expense improved to 68.9% from 67.5% in the second quarter of 
2005. We generated an operating profit before stock option expense of 31 million, up 102% from 2005. Our net income 
for the quarter before stock option expense was 21 million or $0.55 per share, up 110% using a full tax rate for both 
years. 

EBITDA for the quarter grew to 33 million or 38% of revenue up from 17 million in the second quarter of 2005. For 
clarity, the definition we now use for EBITDA excludes non-cash stock option expense. We ended the quarter with 244 
million in cash and investments, up 22 million from the first quarter. We continue to see excellent procedure growth in 
urology, exceptionally strong growth in gynecology, and strong procedure growth overall. The da Vinci Prostatectomy 
procedure continues to follow the adoption curve. And while it's still very early, the first procedure volume data points 
where da Vinci Hysterectomy almost precisely match those predicted by our adoption curve model. 

We launched a new sealing instrument in partnership with Gyrus ACMI and a new mega needle driver. We 
successfully took our new SAP ERP system live on May 1st with minimal operational disruption. Those of you who've 
been personally involved in the implementation of a major software system will understand the magnitude of that 
accomplishment. We moved our finance, customer service, sales ops, business development, and legal teams to our 
offices at 1266, Kifer Road in Sunnyvale, California just down the street from our 950, Kifer Road operations. We are 
currently in the process of expanding our manufacturing operations into the vacated space at 950, Kifer Road. Our new 
customer training facility at 1266, Kifer Road will be completed by the end of this quarter. 

The efficiency of our operating model continues to generate significant free cash flow while funding exceptionally high 
revenue growth. Our exceptional performance is a result of the dedication and hard work of an extraordinary team of 
highly talented, motivated, and principled individuals, and our commitment to our operating priorities, which include 
first superior products, customer service, and patient value. We define patient value as surgical efficacy divided by 
surgical invasiveness or trauma. Second, consistent revenue, operating income, and cash flow growth. And third, a 
results-driven company culture in which we measure ourselves by our accomplishments. 

With that, I will pass the time over to Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer. 

Marshall L. Mohr, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Lonnie. Our financial results exceeded our expectations for the second quarter. Total second quarter 
revenue increased to $87 million, up 65% from 52.8 million for the second quarter of 2005 and up 13% from 77.3 
million for the first quarter of 2006. Our second quarter revenue results were driven by continued adoption of da Vinci 
surgery across all of our targeted procedures. Second quarter 2006 revenue increased in all product categories, Systems 
revenue increased to 48.1 million, up 69% compared with 28.5 million last year and up 14% compared with 42.4 
million last quarter. Instrument and accessory revenue increased to 26.1 million, up 61% compared with 16.2 million 
last year and 12% compared with 23.3 million last quarter. Service and training revenue increased to 12.8 million, up 
58% compared with 8.1 million last year and up 11% compared with 11.6 million last quarter. Second quarter demand 
for da Vinci Surgical Systems was strong as we sold 39 systems during the quarter, up 13 compared with 26 systems 
sold during the second quarter of last year, and up 4 systems compared with the 35 sold last quarter. 35 of the 39 
systems sold during the quarter were S models and the remainder were 4-Arm standard systems. 

Systems revenue increased on a sequential basis by 5.8 million reflecting both the four additional system sales, as well 
as higher average revenue per system as the mix of da Vinci S versus da Vinci Standard Systems increased. Our second 


quarter average revenue per system including all da Vinci models but excluding 4th Arm upgrades was 1.2 million, 
which is 20,000 more than the average revenue per system in the first quarter of 2006. 

We also sold six 4th Arm upgrades compared to 2 in the previous quarter. The average revenue for a 4th Arm upgrade 
is approximately $175,000. Instrument and accessory revenue increased on a sequential basis by 12%, driven by higher 
installed base of da Vinci Systems and a continued increase in the number of procedures performed per system. We 
continue to realize between 1500 and 2000 per procedure for established da Vinci accounts. While total instrument and 
accessory revenue per procedure continues to be 2000 to 2500 per procedure reflecting initial instrument and accessory 
purchases for newly installed systems. 

Total service and training revenue increased on a sequential basis by 11%. This growth is primarily driven by 
additional service contract revenue associated with additional system sales, as well as higher annual contract prices 
associated with da Vinci S Systems. Total second quarter recurring revenue comprised of instrument, accessory, 
service, and training revenue increased to 32.9 million, up 60% compared with the second quarter of 2005 and up 11% 
compared with the first quarter of 2006. 

Recurring revenue represented 45% of total second quarter revenue. During the first quarter in accordance with 
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No.123R, we began to record stock compensation expense for the 
estimated value of employee stock options and stock purchases. The resulting second quarter stock compensation 
expense was 6.5 million, compared with 5 million in the first quarter. The increase reflects the full impact of our annual 
option grant, which was completed in February. 1 million of the current quarter expense was charged to cost of goods 
sold, 4.1 million was charged to SG&A expense, and 1.4 million was charged to R&D. 

The stock compensation expense recorded to date is entirely non-cash in nature. In addition to our income statement 
prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, we provide non-GAAP or pro forma income 
statement information that excludes the impact of stock option expenses. We believe that pro forma information 
enhances the user's overall understanding of our financial performance as it better reflects the economic performance of 
our business and provides investors with tool to compare our results to prior period. Throughout this call we make 
comparisons to both GAAP and pro forma results. 

Our pro forma second quarter 2006 gross margin at 68.9% was higher than the 67.5% realized in the second quarter of 
2005 and the 67.9% realized in the first quarter. The increases primarily reflect additional leverage obtained through 
higher volumes. Total pro forma operating expenses for the second quarter of 2006 were 29 million, up 43% compared 
with the second quarter of 2005 and up 13% compared with the first quarter of 2006. The increases compared with 
prior periods reflect increased head count, infrastructure costs, and direct selling costs associated with higher sales 
volumes. We added 29 employees during the second quarter ending the period with 486 regular employees, a majority 
of the additions were to our worldwide sales and support and manufacturing organizations. Second quarter pro forma 
operating income was 31 million or 35.6% of sales, compared with 15.3 million or 29.1% of sales in the second quarter 
of 2005 and 26.8 million or 34.7% of sales for the first quarter of 2006. 

On a GAAP basis, including the 6.5 million of stock compensation expense, second quarter 2006 operating income was 

24.5 million or 28.2% of sales. Our second quarter 2006 other income of 3.3 million increased compared with 1 million 
in the second quarter of 2005 and 2.2 million in the first quarter of 2006. The increases compared with prior periods 
reflect interest earned on higher cash and investment balances and approximately $700,000 of foreign exchange gain. 
During the first quarter of 2006, we began reporting income taxes on a fully taxed basis. We recorded income tax at an 
effective rate of 39.9% for the second quarter, compared with an effective rate of 9.3% for the second quarter of 2005. 
Our tax provision in 2005 reflected the utilization of net loss carry forwards. We continued to utilize net loss carry 
forwards in 2006 and expect our cash outlay as a percentage of pre-tax income for 2006 will be less than 6%. Our pro 
forma net income on a fully taxed basis was 21.1 million or $0.55 per share, compared with 17.5 million or $0.46 per 
share for the first quarter of 2006. Our GAAP net income, fully taxed and including stock compensation expenses, were 

16.7 million or $0.44 per share compared with 14.5 million or $0.38 per share for the first quarter of 2006. GAAP net 
income for the second quarter of 2005 was 14.8 million or $0.40 a share, which excluded stock compensation expense 
and reflected the utilization of tax benefits. 

Let me quickly summarize our results for the first six months of 2006. Total revenue for the first half of this year was 

164.3 million, up 74% compared with the 94.4 million in the first half of last year. Pro forma operating income for the 
first half of this year was 57.8 million, up 138% compared with 24.3 million last year. Pro forma net income for the 
first half of this year was 38.6 million or $1.02 per share, up 61.5% compared with 23.9 million or $0.64 per share last 
year. As indicated earlier, this year's pro forma results include a full tax rate. 
And finally, GAAP net income for the first half of this year was 31.1 million or $0.82 per share compared to 23.9 
million or $0.64 per share last year. Also as indicated earlier, this year's GAAP results include stock compensation 
charges amounting to 11.5 million and a full tax rate. 

Now turning our attention to the balance sheet. We ended the second quarter of 2006 with cash, cash equivalents, and 
investments of 243.8 million, up 22.3 million from the previous quarter end. We continued to generate significant cash 
flow throughout this period of rapid growth. Cash provided by second quarter 2006 operations was 19.7 million, which 
is net of 5.7 million utilized during the quarter to fund working capital requirements. We continue to invest in the 
infrastructure to support our future growth. During this second quarter we invested 6.8 million in capital additions, for 
improvements to our 210,000 square foot Sunnyvale, California facility purchased in December last year and for 
implementation of our new SAP ERP system, and for systems for training centers. We moved a portion of our 
administrative functions into our new facilities in June and went live with SAP in the beginning of May. Our accounts 
receivable balance increased to 70.5 million at June 30, 2006 from 57 million at March 31st, 2006. The increase was 
primarily due to higher revenue in the second quarter of 2006 compared with the first quarter of 2006 and increased 
number of system sales being completed in the last month of the quarter. 

Our average day sales outstanding utilizing account back methodology at June 30, 2006 were 51 days, compared with 
49 days at the end of the prior quarter. Our net inventory increased to 24.6 million at June 30, 2006 from 20.4 million at 
March 31st, 2006, reflecting inventory growth necessary to support the introduction of the second product line. Our 
inventory turns at June 30, 2006 were 4.4 compared with 4.9 turns at the end of the previous quarter. 

And with that, I would like to turn it over to Aleks who will go over our sales, marketing, and clinical highlights. 

Aleks Cukic, Vice President of Business Development and Strategic Planning 

Thank you, Marshall. During the second quarter we shipped 39 da Vinci Systems, 35 were da Vinci S Systems and 4 
were standard 4 Arm da Vinci Systems. 32 systems were placed in the US, 1 into Mexico, our first ever, 4 into Europe, 
and 2 in rest of world markets. This brings to 467 the cumulative number of da Vinci systems world wide, 356 in North 
America, 81 in Europe and 30 in rest of world markets. 6 customers purchased second da Vinci Systems, which brings 
to 43, the number of hospitals with multiple da Vinci Systems. Clinically we had another excellent quarter. We 
experienced strong sequential procedure growth both within the US and abroad, all four of our surgical specialties were 
up sequentially with gynecology and specifically da Vinci Hysterectomy showing the largest percent growth. 

During the quarter we released two new instruments, established a key European training center, attended several trade 
shows and medical conferences, and had a number of da Vinci clinical series published within various journals. New 
instrument releases consisted of the da Vinci Endo PK dissector and the da Vinci mega needle driver. The Endo PK 
dissector was developed in cooperation with Gyrus ACMI, an industry leader in both tissue management technology 
and Endoscopy. The Endo PK dissectors are fully articulating coagulator and dissector which is patterned after Gyrus' 
successful lines dissector. The Endo PK dissector addresses several needs for da Vinci user within a single instrument. 
As a dissector it allows for highly precise dissection, while delivering excellent coagulation performance as well as 
providing grasping capabilities. 

Multiple functions within the same da Vinci instrument should lead to fewer instrument exchanges while providing 
greater clinical value to the surgeon and the patient. The Endo PK dissector is targeted for use within gynecology, 
urology, and general surgery. The da Vinci mega needle driver was designed specifically to handle larger needles 
which are often required in GYN surgery, specifically da Vinci hysterectomy as well as in general surgery. A 


combination of these new instruments should serve our customers well within our targeted procedures. 

In May, the American Urology Association, AUA, held their annual conference in Atlanta, which was attended by 
nearly 15,000 urologists. The AUA program included nearly three dozen da Vinci presentations which consisted of da 
Vinci prostatectomy, phalloplasty, cystectomy, and bladder reconstruction. In addition, the AUA offered four separate 
accredited da Vinci postgraduate courses, attracted approximately 320 fee-paying participants. Participants reviewed 
surgical techniques, reviewed data, and received general instruction regarding da Vinci Surgery. At the Intuitive booth 
we hosted hundreds of urologists during the three live da Vinci prostatectomy broadcasts. The operations all took 
between 70 minutes and 2 hours, but perhaps what resonated most with the viewers was the sixth minute anastomosis, 
which Dr. V. Patel performed during his 90-minute bilateral nerve-sparing dVP. In the past, the anastomosis phase of a 
dVP had always been considered one of the more challenging aspects of the operation. What was once challenging has 
now become routine. We had 28 new da Vinci related papers published in urology journals during the second quarter. 
The focus within the urology community is now more than ever about refining dVP techniques to deliver more 
effective patient outcomes. More effective than was ever available through previous surgical techniques. 

We are also beginning to see more attention aimed at specific patient subsets such as overweight or obese patients. Dr. 
Arieh Shalhav and his team from the University of Chicago conducted a 150 patients study to assess the outcomes of da 
Vinci prostatectomy in overweight and obese patients. The study was published in the May edition of the Gold journal 
and the authors concluded and I quote "robotic laparoscopic radical prostatectomy is safe in overweight and obese 
patients and might be the surgical management of choice in this subset of patients." Also for those of you interested in 
attending the Advanced Robotic Techniques for Prostatectomy or the ART conference will take place next week 
August 4th and 5th at the Weill Medical College of Cornell University in New York City. The ART conference will 
feature several of the most experienced da Vinci users from around the world who will be presenting their latest 
technique advances in da Vinci prostatectomy as well as their current clinical data. Within GYN, we continue to see 
rapid adoption for the da Vinci hysterectomy and on a percentage basis it was our fastest growing procedure in Q2. 

As a category, GYN was our second largest segment. For the first time we saw second system placements which were 
largely motivated by the GYN department and specifically the GYN oncology department. We are encouraged by the 
early inclusion of da Vinci procedures within our hospital customers' women's health initiatives. Providing women with 
minimally invasive surgical alternative to traditional surgical approaches provides tremendous patient value and fits 
very well within the hospital's broader women's health strategy. We also experienced strong growth within da Vinci 
hysterectomy for benign conditions. At the American College of Obstetrics and Gynecology or ACOG which held its 
annual meeting in Washington DC, a one-day post graduate course on advanced laparoscopy feature da Vinci in both 
the didactic sessions and the hands-on portion of the course. During the general session presentation, ACOG featured a 
live da Vinci hysterectomy transmission from the University of Michigan. Dr. Arnold Advincula performed the da 
Vinci hysterectomy on a postmenopausal patient for benign disease, which was viewed by an audience estimated at 

400. We are pleased with da Vinci's expanding visibility within this large professional society. 
At the American Association of Thoracic Surgery or AATS held in Philadelphia, Dr. Michel Smith from Samaritan 
Hospital, Cincinnati presented a study entitled robotic versus open mitral valve surgery, a comparison of outcomes. He 
compared his first 51 da Vinci mitral valve procedures to his group's last 70 open mitral valve procedures. Even 
through the initial learning curve, da Vinci mitral valve repair was accomplished in 50 of the 51 patients or 98% versus 
61%, 43 out of 70 patients with the open technique. Dr. Smith was able to conclude and I quote "despite the learning 
curve with the robotic procedure patients with the robotic mitral valve procedure had a higher percentage of repairs, 
experienced shorter length of hospital stay with similar operating time and cross-clamp time." Substituting a minimally 
invasive mitral valve repair for an open chested mitral valve replacement provides tremendous patient value. In 
addition to the reduction in hospitalization, pain, and recuperation, a repair is most often a permanent solution, which 
leaves no foreign bodies or requirement for post surgical blood thinner medication, which is why it's preferred to 
replacement. 

At the International Society for Minimally Invasive Cardiac Surgery meeting, ISMICS, held in San Francisco, the 
agenda was filled with da Vinci presentations, including da Vinci mitral valve repair and revascularization operations. 
For the first time outside of the initial FDA mitral valve repair trial, we had a multi-center experience presented at a 


society meeting. Doctors Doug Murphy from Saint Joseph Atlanta, Michael Smith from Samaritan, Cincinnati and 
Leland Siwek from Sacred Hearts, Spokane pooled their data and presented results from 201 patients incorporating a 
lateral da Vinci approach. They also showed an increase in percentage of mitral valve repair while reducing the number 
of replacements within their practices. We are delighted to see multi-center co-operation aimed at improving patient 
outcomes. 

And in closing, I'd like to comment on Intuitive's new European training center, which will be housed at IRCAD in 
Strasbourg, France. IRCAD is among the world leaders for multispecialty training in minimally invasive surgery, 
training several thousand surgeons each year in traditional laparoscopic procedures. In addition to providing da Vinci 
demonstrations to all of IRCAD's visitors and training participants, we will begin training to both new and existing 
customers at this impressive facility, providing system and procedure training within IRCAD's world-class facility 
should serve our European and rest of world customers very well. 

That concludes my summary and I'll now turn the time back over to Ben. 

Benjamin Gong, Vice President of Finance and Treasurer 

Thank you, Aleks. I will now provide our updated financial outlook for the balance of 2006. Consistent with the format 
of our previous call, I will first present our forecasts for pro forma results, excluding the impact of FAS 123R and then 
give you our estimate of stock compensation expenses separately. 

Based on our recent second quarter results, we are increasing our previous guidance for revenue and profits for 2006. 
Regarding revenue, on our last call we indicated that we expected 2006 annual revenue to grow between 45 and 50% 
over 2005. We are now targeting our total 2006 revenues to grow between 50 and 55% over 2005. We expect each of 
our revenue segments to grow more than we had previously forecasted. In the area of system sales, we had previously 
forecasted our revenues to grow between 40 and 45% above 2005 levels. We now estimate that system revenue will 
grow between 48 and 52% above the 2005 total. As Marshall mentioned, we realized a blended average selling price on 
systems of $1.2 million during the second quarter excluding the 4th Arm upgrades. As a remainder, our blended 
average selling price can vary based on the mix of standard versus da Vinci S Systems, 3-Arm versus 4-Arm Systems 
and regional mix. We believe our second quarter average selling price was a little higher than we had forecasted, and 
going forward we expect our blended average selling price for systems to be in the range of 1.15 and $1.2 million for 
the balance of 2006. 

Now, with regard to our recurring revenues, in our last call, we had forecasted our instrument and accessory revenues 
to grow between 55 and 60% above our 2005 total. We are increasing our forecast for this revenue segment to grow 
between 58 and 62% above 2005. Likewise, we are also raising our estimate for 2006 service revenue. We are now 
estimating our service and training revenue to grow between 48 and 52% above 2005 levels, compared with our 
previous forecasts of 40 to 45%. Once again we expect our total year 2006 revenues to grow between 50 and 55% 
above 2005. 

Now a brief comment regarding the seasonality of our revenues. In previous years our fourth quarter has always been 
our strongest quarter and our third quarter has been lighter in system sales activities and system utilization tempered 
somewhat by the overall growth in our business. We expect these general trends to continue. However, we still expect 
to see modest sequential growth in revenue in the third quarter, followed by larger sales growth in the fourth quarter. 

With regard to gross profit margin, our second quarter gross margins were right inline with our previous expectations. 
During the second quarter and continuing into the third quarter we've been making significant investments in our 
manufacturing and training areas such as doubling our manufacturing space, expanding our training center in 
Sunnyvale, and establishing a new European training facility. This may cause our gross margins to decrease slightly in 
the third quarter, but it should recover in the fourth quarter. For the year, we expect overall gross margin to be between 
68 and 69%. 


Moving to operating expense, on our last call we forecasted 2006 operating expenses to grow between 35 and 40% 
above 2005 levels. We now anticipate growing operating expenses by 38 to 42% above 2005 levels. This expense 
increase is driven by the following factors: first, based on our higher revenue forecast, we expect to incur additional 
variable selling expenses. In addition, we have made significant investments recently such as our new building and 
ERP system, which will drive higher operating expenses starting in Q3. Finally, we are continuing to make investments 
in our R&D and support functions. Since some of these investments are made in steps, we expect our operating margins 
in the third quarter to decrease slightly from the second quarter but should recover in the fourth quarter. Once again the 
forecast I just reviewed excludes the impact of FAS 123R. 

I will now provide our forecast for stock compensation expense for 2006. On our last call we estimated total stock 
compensation expense to fall between 21 million and $25 million. We are now adjusting that range to 25 million to $27 
million. We expect the break out to specific P&L line to be about the same as what we reported for Q2. Other income 
and expense, which is primarily comprised of interest income and foreign exchange gain or loss was higher than 
expected in the second quarter due to FX gains tied to the stronger Euro. We don't try to predict FX gains or losses 
going forward. Based on interest income we expect our total other income for the year to come in between 11 million 
and $12 million. 

With regard to income tax, we continue to expect our reported tax rate will fall between 38 and 42% for the balance of 
the year. Regarding shares outstanding for EPS calculation purposes, we currently have approximately 36.8 million 
common shares outstanding. We also have approximately 3.7 million option and warrant shares outstanding. 
Depending upon our average stock price during the third quarter, a portion of the 3.7 million option and warrant shares 
will be added to the fully diluted shares calculation. To provide you with a range on what the diluted share count for 
EPS calculations may be in Q3, a 25% change in our current stock price would result in a diluted share count as low as 

37.9 million shares or as high as 38.7 million shares. That concludes our prepared remarks and we will now open the 
call to your questions. Operator? 
Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. And our first question is coming from Mr. Tim Nelson of Piper Jaffray, sir your line is open. 

<Q - Thomas Gunderson>: Hi, it's actually Tom Gunderson filling in for Tim, how are you guys? 

<A>: Great Tom. 

<Q - Thomas Gunderson>: You ended your prepared remarks on shares so I'll start with what seems to be on the 
news a lot and that's the pricing of options and you mentioned that you did this in February for your annual options, can 
you give us a little bit more color since there is quite a bit of variability of your stock price quarter to quarter, how 
options are priced? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: Well I'll take a shot at it and we are very consistent in our process. We actually touch our 
employees twice a year in terms of reviews and performance. The first of the year, we review them and give both 
bonuses and stock options. The stock options are granted when the Board approves them, which is the day of our board 
meeting and I think the price as of the day before that. And we have been consistent about that. And then of course we 
touch them again mid-year when we do our annual salary reviews. It is just a – our process has been very consistent. 
That's a lot in the news but it doesn't affect us. 

<A - Marshall Mohr>: And so we've evaluated our policy and practices and leave it there, consistent with what 
expectations would be in other words that there are no issues. 

<Q - Thomas Gunderson>: Okay, thanks. And then Ben, I think you hinted at this but I just wanted to get at it. The 
training center systems, the new ones that went in the US, and are going in in Europe, those are cost of goods sold? 


<A - Benjamin Gong>: Actually they do get depreciated into cost of goods sold. 

<Q - Thomas Gunderson>: Okay. Over what period of time? 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: Over a five-year period. 

<Q - Thomas Gunderson>: Okay. And can you tell us how many systems were added to training in Q2. 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: It was on the order of three. 

<Q - Thomas Gunderson>: Okay. And Aleks maybe you are the best on this, but I'll leave that up to the group to 
decide, but there were some of the doctors in the state universities in Germany were on strike earlier this year and 
settled in June, now the municipal doctors are doing some work stoppages in Germany, and France is threatening to do 
the same. Are you seeing any impact to your elective surgeries in Europe or is that just too small a percentage of the 
overall demand? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: You know, I am aware of that but I think that if you look at our segments, US, OUS, and ROW 
they were all up so I would say that it has not affected us in any material way. 

<Q - Thomas Gunderson>: Okay. And then lastly and I'll get back in line. Lonnie I ask you this the, every opportunity 
I get, so I want to keep my record consistent here. Cash, you guys have done a tremendous job of getting return on 
investment and yet I would argue that 240 something million dollars of cash is going to give you those same kinds of 
returns, use of cash going forward, when do you have too much? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: You know I don't have a specific answer to that except for that – I don't see us – we are a high 
growth company, I don't see us paying out a dividend at this point in time, and nor do I see us going out and buying 
things because we have money. We will stay focused on robotics and those technologies that will enhance our robotic 
capabilities, that's primarily deals with everything associated with the robotic system and its vision and instrumentation. 
We are obviously very circumspect about intellectual property and new technologies that will – can support us and if 
that takes investment, we obviously do it. But, I think just because you are capable of generating cash I think it's a very 
dangerous thing for a management to think that they've got out and spend it some way and we won't do it either to build 
unnecessary overhead or if we plan to – we'll spend it very strategically and when we believe that we are at point that it 
ought to be given back to shareholders, that's what we will do. 

<Q - Thomas Gunderson>: And just to push a little bit on one category you didn't mention is, stock buybacks, is that 
an agenda item on your Board of Directors meetings? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: It has not been to date. 

<Q - Thomas Gunderson>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from Tao Levy with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Hi good afternoon. I was wondering if I could just clarify, the three systems related to the training, 
were those part of the 37, I'm sorry, the 39 number sold? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: No, no we sold 39 systems to customers, Tao, and I think what Tom was referring to is, when we 
talked about our capital expenditures for the quarter, we had about 6 or $7 million in total CapEx for the quarter that 
Marshall mentioned. And part of that was us investing in some systems to enhance our training capabilities. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Okay. So, they were separate from the 39? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: Absolutely. 


<Q - Tao Levy>: Okay, perfect. Another topic, you haven't touched and maybe it was in maybe three quarters, on your 
efforts in endovascular, the endovascular approach. Remember a year ago you signed that deal with Hansen Medical 
and I just wonder if anything had come out of that program yet? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: Well, we don't have a – I mean Hansen is focused on intravascular, endovascular disease; we are 
not focused on that at this point in time. We do have some other development projects that we are talking about a lot at 
this point in time, but Hansen is, you know, we still have – we retain the rights to do it ourselves if we wanted to, but 
we do not have any programs right now focused on endovascular. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: And, Aleks, maybe you, now you have a little bit more time and experience with gynecology, maybe 
give us a sense of, do we have, do you have a good procedure number that's applicable for da Vinci? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: In terms of a total available market? 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Yeah, I mean, you know, there are big procedure numbers out there, but obviously not all of them are 
applicable for da Vinci or require robotics, you know, like for example you do throughout, you know, 80,000 
prostatectomies here in the US. Is there any sort of number that you can start to throw out now in terms of gynecology? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: What we've said in the past publicly is that if you look at hysterectomies in general there about 
600,000 or so performed each year in the United States. If you go to the center of our target you will find the oncologic 
operations of which we estimate to be about 50,000. If you go then to the next ring around the target, you've got 
complex hysterectomy for a benign disease and we estimate that the combination of those is probably, our guess at this 
point perhaps around a quarter of a million, 250,000. That is not to say that some of the others won't fall into our total 
available market but the way we look at the market today, we size it at about 250,000, it may prove to be larger but 
that's the best number that we have today. And also as a reminder, of the 600,000 total somewhere on the order of 65% 
to 70% are still being performed open. So, there is minimally invasive surgery that's already in the hysterectomy 
business and we are primarily focusing on those that are open and perhaps even somewhat of a subset of that. So, 
around 250,000. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: And how about myomectomies? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: The myomectomy number appears to be somewhere between 50,000 to 60,000, that's the number 
that we are working with. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Okay. 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: And so we think that's – again these are just US numbers; there is a worldwide demand for these 
operations. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Okay, perfect thanks. And if I can ask your financial guys maybe a sense of what are target margins 
we should be looking for to as we start to exit the year. I know the third quarter maybe a little bit seasonality you 
mentioned some of those issues on the call, but you know, as we exit the year, what are some good targets to think 
longer-term? And again you guys, I think a year ago, used to have your long-term targets and we no longer hear about 
those because you have clearly surpassed them, I'm just wondering if there are some new targets out there? 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: We don't have a, lets say a different target out there for long-term. For this year we think the 
68 to 69% in gross margins is where we are headed. And in terms of operating margins, it's probably on the 34 to 35%, 
which is what you've seen in the past couple of quarters. Again, third quarter you're going to see some seasonality and 
we might end up being lower but then it's going to recover in the fourth quarter as we've seen in the past. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Okay, and then last question. Just on the same topic, margins for the systems used to be 60 to 65% 
and then disposals were 65 to 70, any change there? 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: Actually what we have been saying recently is our gross margins on systems have been about 
the same as they are on our instrumentation, and our margins on products in total is about 70% and so likewise for both 
systems and instruments it's about 70%. 


<Q - Tao Levy>: Perfect, great. Thank you, very much. 

Operator 

Our next question is coming from Rick Wise with Bear Stearns. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Good afternoon everybody. Can we talk or sort drill a little deeper on the instrument 
disposable front. Obviously you had a good quarter growing 12% sequentially, but given how do we think – how do we 
lineup the growth rates that you reported given the strong language you are using about growing penetration and 
procedures and more placements, to put a bottom line on it, shouldn't we be seeing even stronger sequential growth in 
instruments or am I not thinking about it correctly? 

<A - Marshall Mohr>: Well, I think – I'll take a shot at that. You know, that's just quarter-to-quarter but you know, 
year over year we have a forecast of growing that segment 58 to 62%. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: But I guess I'm looking back to the fourth quarter, if I just heard, if I looked at it correctly, I 
think you were up 13%, this is up 12% – we are not seeing actually acceleration on that side, is it not the right way to 
think about it? 

<A - Marshall Mohr>: So, accelerated -


<Q - Frederick Wise>: Sequentially. 

<A - Marshall Mohr>: Sequentially. Well, I guess maybe we can answer it this way. We grew instruments and 
accessories by 80% from 2004 to 2005 and we've given guidance that we will be growing our instruments business by, 
let's call it 60% from 2005 to 2006. In terms of dollars, it's a much bigger growth but it's on a much larger base as well 
so from a percentage standpoint we are not giving any guidance that we are increasing the percentage growth on 
instruments and accessories. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: But your comment, your point in terms of, that we are seeing strong procedure growth and why 
are we not seeing more instrument growth, that's the question right? 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: You know, I don't want to sound ungrateful. But, you know, what I am driving at. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: It is all right, it is a comment, and the fact is what we are seeing is and managing I suppose, 
actually there – we are not trying to slow down any, the stocking orders. We have no desire to have a lot of inventory 
out in the hospital. So, we would prefer that, you know, that they are buying, as they need and not in anticipation of 
need, and so that we will get overtime a more direct correlation to our procedure growth. So, I think that we have – 
we've seen a slowdown in stocking orders and which we have encouraged. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Right. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: When they buy a system and maybe they buy a basic supply of instruments, but not you know, 
let's not – we would rather than buy them kind of keep it lean. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Right. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: Because that then avoids other kind of problems that can come with having a lot of inventory in 
the field. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Okay, that's very helpful. The ERP system going alive, I might have thought that you'll be 
talking about maybe a little lower expense as in the some of the cost of making it go live with expensive training, 
implementation. So, why aren't we seeing a little more second half benefit and what benefits do you hope to derive 
from it? 

<A - Marshall Mohr>: I will take the first shot on just how it comes out on the P&L. So, as you are developing the 
SAP ERP system you capitalize those expenses, and so part of that 6 to $7 million in capital expense that you saw in 


the second quarter was a work toward turning on that system. And then afterwards you're going to get the depreciation 
on that. So, from a P&L standpoint you will have the deprecation and some ongoing maintenance in support of that 
system. So, that's the – you know, the P&L standpoint in terms of the benefit that we expect to go forward. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: I mean we are in a high-growth period of time, right adding a lot of new employees trying to, 
you know, and what this does is it starts to centralize our data bases and rationalize them. The benefit will be over time, 
will be in accuracy and the elimination of redundant effort and those things and we will see those benefits but they 
don't occur instantaneously. We've got, these things will occur over time and it's necessary for us to build that 
infrastructure to support the size of company we anticipate being versus, you know, where we are coming from and we 
will move into that process I guess more quickly than most companies, medical device companies just because of the 
rate of growth that we are experiencing. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Okay. I may have missed it I apologize if I did. Can you update your thoughts on urology 
procedure penetration; I don't think I heard you said, I think recently you indicated as you exit the year I think you hope 
for 35% penetration if I remember correctly Aleks? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: Yes, what – as a general reminder, we exited 2005 at a 20% run rate and we've given an estimate 
that we'll exit 2006 at a 35% run rate and that is based off of a estimated prostatectomy market of 90,000 US cases. 
And as far as our progress against that, we remain solid in that projection. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: I think the comment I would make is, you know, there are great numbers on – there is numbers 
in terms of the size of the number of newly diagnosed prostate cancer patients. How that splits between surgery, seeds, 
hormonal treatment, all the treatment options including watchful waiting is unclear. I mean people say a third, a third, a 
third. And there is lots of cuts at that. We actually believe that there is a patient who looks at their options and we 
certainly see a lot of it, where they examine all options and we believe that, I'll just speak for myself, I believe that we 
are seeing expansion of the surgical market in a sense that, you know, now there is a highly effective surgical option 
that has very low invasiveness and that's when we talk about patient value and when patients are looking at these 
options, that many of them are opting for da Vinci prostatectomy as opposed to other treatment options. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: All right. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: I wish we had a really more precise number but there are just not good data. We do know that 
certainly the parameters that Aleks has given you that we are highly confident and as I stated in my statement am a 
quant coming from Boston Consulting Group and we run adoption curves and we are tracking. We predict what we are 
going to hit and we're pretty darn close. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Good. 

<A>: Following year-to-year for sure. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: If I can – my last question, if I could ask, just a conceptual question, one of the challenging 
aspects of following Intuitive and making projection for Intuitive is the quarterly da Vinci system placements, I'm sure 
it's challenging for you all too. You know, I look back at '04 you sort of were doing in the neighborhood of 15 to 20 a 
quarter, yeah the fourth quarter was the best. This year it seems like we're in the 35 to 40 a quarter, I'm guessing the 
fourth quarter might be above that. As we look ahead, and I'm not looking really truly for a precise prediction but how 
do we – you know, when do we settle into a sort of a steadier state quarterly placement that obviously has a long way to 
run as the market evolves over time, or should we be thinking that when you look over at '07, '08 and beyond that we're 
going to see these kinds of significant steps or is it going to be more gradual from here, I mean is it clear, what I'm 
asking Lonnie? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: Yeah, it is. I understand the question, I don't – again this is uncharted territory, this is not – we're 
not in a mature market where we can say 'oh, the average life of this divided by that and that's the recurring market. We 
are in a market that we are trying to penetrate and expand. So, we believe we're a long way from maturity or even any 
very deep penetration. I mean, and the challenge for us is again, as I say procedure by procedure, we've got to drive this 
procedure by procedure, the size of the market, the number of procedures done will drive the number of system 


placements. Do I think it will come in steps? I think it always does. It doesn't come, it's never a smooth process because 
as each procedure gains credibility and adoption and it hits that kind of upward part of the curve, then we see a lot of 
placements. So, I think that this will be, I think we're a long way from where this will be in terms of system placements, 
you know, in 5 – 10 years. I think that it will occur, it will be a function of both the capability of the systems we 
develop as well as the penetration of – which will drive the penetration because of the capability, procedure by 
procedure. So, we don't have a crystal ball, it's a time and effort but I fully anticipate that different versions and 
different models and these things that will expand deeper and deeper. And when it hits maturity, then we'll be able to 
give you a nice number – I hope that doesn't happen for a very long time. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: I suspect you won't. So, steps probably ahead more than gradual. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: I think you'll see steps and then gradual growth within those steps. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Okay. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: But that's my opinion. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: I agree. Ben promised that you were going to give us the quarterly placement number for next 
quarter, you know, is that with you said Ben? Oh, well. I tried, thank you. 

<A>: All right, Operator, I think we have time for one more call. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: Yeah, one more question. 

Operator 

Thank you sir. Our last question is coming from Ryan Rauch with Jefferies & Company. 

<Q - Ryan Rauch>: Just a couple quick questions. I mean, Aleks, I think the gynecology revenues were up somewhere 
over 80% in the first quarter, was it similar to that growth rate in the second quarter? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: You know, I'm not sure we've ever disclosed what those numbers are I would just say, that as I 
said in my script that it did become the second largest, GYN became the second largest surgical segment for us and 
hysterectomy was the fastest growing procedure, so the trend there is very strong. 

<Q - Ryan Rauch>: Got you and then I mean, Ben I haven't pulled out the abacus, so can you give us what the EPS 
guidance is now for the year, both on a GAAP and cash basis, and then do you expect system placements to be up 
sequentially? They've been up the last couple of years sequentially but only by like two or three or if you won't give 
that, just sort of anecdotally what you think for the third quarter? 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: Yes, on the EPS, we haven't given an actual EPS number in the past, but I think all those 
numbers when you add them together it's certainly going to be up incrementally from our previous guidance and of 
course driven by the higher revenues that we've given in terms of guidance. So, we'll let you go ahead and make that 
calculation yourself. Just keep in mind that the difference between the GAAP and the pro forma is probably on the 
order of $0.40 because that is a number that you can actually get your hands around based off of the 25 to $27 million 
of expense and then just our number of shares and the tax rate. 

<Q - Ryan Rauch>: Okay, and then Aleks, when do you expect any hysterectomy data, is that a year-end event or it's 
just unclear at this point? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: You know, it's hard to say when – I mean, as far as data there is data that gets presented at 
different meetings and that's typically the leading indicator before something gets published in a peer review journal. 
The process of getting published in a peer review journal as you know, is just not a point and click process, it requires 
submission and review etcetera, etcetera. I can say that there is data being accumulated, I think there is data being 
discussed at the different various meetings, we continue to see that and we'll continue to see that, but it would be hard 
for me to speculate in which month or which quarter you will see something presented in a peer reviewed format in a 


peer review journal. 

<Q - Ryan Rauch>: And then Ben I mean, do you care to say if you expect systems, I mean maybe instead of – I mean 
will you answer the question, do you think systems will be up sequentially and then – how is your pipeline Aleks or 
Lonnie, I mean, is it – I think some might have expected, you had a good quarter, but maybe even a stronger system 
placement quarter for Q2. Did anything happen, did any units get pushed into the third quarter and if not, how is your 
pipeline? I mean, is it as strong as ever is the question? 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: You know, we – sure there are systems moving back and forth all the time in our pipeline, we 
feel good about it. That's what we're going to say about it. And we're running this business and we run the business to 
build the business, and build it effectively and competitively and financially, responsibly. So, we feel very good about 
things. You know, we can't – we cannot control what people who have nothing to do with the business anticipate or 
dream that might happen. We will build the business and it continues to build very well and we are pleased with the 
rate of growth we are going, and as we can manage well and is what we will continue to manage well. And that's – so 
that was the last question for today. 

Lonnie M. Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer 

We had a strong second quarter. We anticipate that this will be a very strong year. In fact if you look at it we did in this 
quarter approximately what we did in all of 2003. Total revenue grew to $87 million, up 65% from the prior year. 
Recurring revenue grew to 39 million comprising 45% of total revenue. We shipped 39 da Vinci surgical systems. Our 
net income for the quarter from before non-cash 123R options expense was 21 million or $0.55 a share, up a 110% 
using a full tax rate for both years. EBITDA for the quarter grew to 33 million or up 95% from 2005. We ended the 
quarter with 244 million in cash. 

And as I previously stated and we discussed just with Rauch now, we believe that the adoption of our technology will 
be driven surgical procedure by surgical procedure. Starting with those procedures where it currently provides 
compelling surgical capability and patient value. We certainly see that in prostatectomy, in hysterectomy, as well as in 
mitral valve. We continue to work with our surgeons to identify and drive those procedures; we are expanding the 
surgical capability of our products, so that their use becomes compelling for the patients, surgeon, and hospital in an 
every increasing number of surgical procedures. We are dedicated to taking surgery beyond the limits of the human 
hands. We are committed to delivering significantly superior patient value by improving surgical outcomes and 
reducing surgical trauma. We do this by providing surgeons with superior surgical access, surgical vision, instrument 
articulation and surgical precision through unparalleled state-of-the-art robotics, vision, and instrument technology. We 
strive to exceed our customers' expectations every day. We seek to delight our customers, and that's surgeons, surgical 
staff, and hospital administration with extraordinary products and exceptional service and support. 

It is our goal to be the highest quality and the lowest cost provider of robotic surgical products, accessories, and 
instruments. We are committed to delivering superior value through highly effective lean and disciplined operating 
processes. We are dedicated to being better today than we were yesterday and better tomorrow than we are today. We 
remain committed to managing within realistic financial constraints, focusing on the vital few things that will truly 
make a difference in driving future investment priorities based upon clinical needs, patient value, and economic return. 
That concludes today's call, we thank you for joining us and we will talk to again in three months. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 


© COPYRIGHT 2016, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


