Company Name: Intuitive Surgical 
Company Ticker: ISRG US 
Date: 2007-02-01 
Event Description: Q4 2006 Earnings Call 

Q4 2006 Earnings Call 

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Welcome. Thank you all for standing by. I would like to inform you that you are on listen-only during today's 
conference until the question-and-answer session. The call is also being recorded and if you have any objections, you 
may disconnect at this time. I would like to turn the call over to Sarah Norton. Ma'am, you may begin. 

Sarah Norton, Investor Relations 

Good afternoon and welcome to Intuitive Surgical's fourth quarter conference call. With me today we have Lonnie 
Smith, our President and CEO; Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer; Ben Gong, our Vice President of Finance 
and Treasurer, and Aleks Cukic, our Vice President of Business Development and Strategic Planning. 

Before we begin, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today's call may be deemed to contain 
forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied as a result of certain 
risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in the Company's Securities and Exchange 
Commission filings. Prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking 
statements. 

Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website at www.intuitivesurgical.com on 
the Audio Archive section under our Investor Relations page. In addition, today's press release has been posted to our 
website. 

Today's format will consist of providing you with highlights of our fourth quarter as described in our press release 
announced earlier today, followed by question and answer session. First, Lonnie will present the quarter's business 
highlights, Marshall will follow with a review of fourth quarter's financial results, next Aleks will discuss sales and 
marketing highlights, then Ben will provide our financial forecast for 2007 and finally we'll host a question-and-answer 
session. 

With that, I would like to introduce Lonnie Smith, our President and CEO. 

Lonnie M. Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you for joining us today. As you can see from our press release, we had another strong quarter and year. We 
continued to drive the adoption curve for robotically-assisted surgery, delivering strong top-line and bottom-line 
growth. Highlights for the fourth quarter are as follows. We sold 50 da Vinci Surgical Systems up from 40 during the 
fourth quarter of last year. 39 of the 50 systems were in the United States. We ended the fourth quarter with 559 da 
Vinci Surgical Systems installed worldwide. 

Total revenue grew to 113 million, up 56% from last year. Recurring revenue grew to 50 million, up 61% from the 
prior year, comprising 44% of total revenue. We generated an operating profit of 42 million, 37.5% of revenue before 
non-cash 123R stock option expense, up 80% from the fourth quarter last year. EBITDA for the quarter grew to 45 
million from 25 million in the fourth quarter of 2005. 

For the full year, we sold 170 da Vinci Surgical Systems, up 48% from last year. Total revenue grew to 337 million, up 
64% from last year. Recurring revenue grew 167 million, up 62% from the prior year comprising 45% of total revenue. 
We generated 133 million in operating profit, 35.6% of revenue before non-cash 123R stock option expense, up 93% 
from last year. EBITDA grew to approximately 142 million from 75 million last year. We ended the year with 330 


million in cash and investments, up from 203 million last year and 292 million last quarter. 

One last footnote on our financials. It appears that the new accounting treatment for stock option and tax expense has 
made alchemists of us all. Under the new accounting rules, we reported 72 million in GAAP net income for 2006. We 
generated 127 million in cash, after funding nearly 50 million in working capital and property, plant and equipment to 
support 64% revenue growth. Our net cash flow for the year was 176% of our GAAP net income. From my point of 
view, it appears that GAAP accounting rules now do more to obscure than to reflect actual economic performance. 

Some of our operating accomplishments in 2006 include; we drove strong procedure growth in every surgical specialty 
that we serve with exceptional growth in gynecology. We successfully launched the new da Vinci S Surgical System, 
which has become the new standard in less than a year, accounting for 87% of the 170 systems sold in 2006 and 94% of 
the 50 systems sold in the fourth quarter. Procedure growth drove new systems sales worldwide. Strong clinical 
benefits and patient demand drove multiple system sales in a number of current da Vinci medical centers. Aleks will 
discuss this in more detail later. 

Some of the new instruments launched during the year include; the Gyrus PK dissector, atrial retractor, tenaculum, 
five-millimeter instruments for the da Vinci S and the Mega Needle driver. We completed the development of a new 
3D high-definition vision system for da Vinci S, which was introduced at STS earlier this week. We completed our 
customer training center, a new service support facility and the move of the significant part of our corporate 
organization to our new 1266 Kifer facilities. We grew our worldwide field sales, service and training team to 205 from 
143 at the end of 2005. 

Our Intuitive team ended the year 563 strong compared to 419 at the end of 2005. We successfully took our new SAP 
ERP system live with minimal operational disruption. We strengthened our executive team with the addition of several 
new executives to our management team. In the spirit of real-time information, Rick Epstein joined us yesterday as our 
new Senior VP of Marketing. Rick is an insightful and seasoned executive and an excellent fit with our values and our 
culture and has over fifteen years of executive leadership experience. 

With that I'll pass the time over to Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer. 

Marshall L. Mohr, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Lonnie. Total fourth quarter revenue increased to $112.6 million, up 56% from 72.1 million for the fourth 
quarter of 2005, and up 17% from the 95.8 million for the third quarter of 2006. 

Fourth quarter revenues by product category were as follows: Instrument and accessory revenue increased to 33.3 
million, up 62% compared with 20.6 million last year, and 15% compared with 29 million last quarter. Instrument and 
accessory revenue growth is the direct result of increased procedure adoption. We experienced growth in all of our 
targeted procedures during 2006. 

da Vinci prostatectomy procedures grew worldwide by over 75% in 2006, and represented over half of our 2006 
procedure count. da Vinci hysterectomy is our second largest and fastest growing procedure. 

Overall, procedures grew by a greater percentage than instruments and accessory revenue, reflecting the fact that initial 
instrument and accessory purchases for newly installed systems or stocking orders are a smaller percentage of overall 
instrument and accessory revenue. We continue to realize between 1500 and $2000 per procedure for established da 
Vinci accounts, while total instrument and accessory revenue per procedure continues to be between 2000 and 2500 per 
procedure reflecting stocking orders. 

Systems revenue increased to 62.9 million, up 52.5% compared with 41.3 million last year, and up 20% compared with 

52.4 million last quarter. The sequential increase in systems revenue reflects an increase in the number of systems sold, 
an increase in the average revenue per system, and an increase in the number of 4th Arm upgrades sold. 
Fourth quarter da Vinci Surgical System revenue reflects the sale of 50 compared to a net of 42 systems sold in the 
third quarter and 40 systems sold during the fourth quarter of last year. 47 of the 50 systems sold during the quarter 
were S models, one was a 4-Arm standard system and two were 3-Arm standard systems. 16 of the systems sold were 
to repeat customers compared to 12 systems sold to repeat customers in the previous quarter. We believe that repeat 
sales are an indication of increased da Vinci adoption and that repeat customers represent a significant element of our 
potential market opportunity. Two of the standard systems sold during the fourth quarter represented refurbished units 


compared to 3 in the previous quarter. There were no trade-in transactions in the fourth quarter. 

Our fourth quarter average revenue per system including all da Vinci models, but excluding 4th Arm upgrades was 1.2 
million which is 80,000 more than the average revenue per system in the third quarter of 2006. The higher average 
revenue per system primarily reflects the upgrade transactions completed in the third quarter. We sold 15 4th Arm 
upgrades compared to 3 in the previous quarter. The average revenue for a 4th Arm upgrade is approximately 
$175,000. 

Service and training revenue increased to 16.3 million, up 60% compared with 10.2 million last year and up 13% 
compared with 14.4 million last quarter. The growth in service and training revenue is primarily driven by a larger 
system install base, as well as higher annual contract prices associated with da Vinci S System. 

Total fourth quarter recurring revenue comprised of instrument, accessory, service, and training revenue increased to 

49.6 million, up 61% compared with fourth quarter of 2005, and up 14% compared with the third quarter of 2006. 
Recurring revenue represented 44% of total fourth quarter revenue. 
During the first quarter of 2006, in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards Number 123R, we 
began to record stock compensation expense for the estimated value of employee stock options and stock purchases. 
The resulting fourth quarter stock compensation expense was 6.8 million, compared to 7 million in the third quarter. 1 
million of the current quarter expense was charged to cost of sales and 5.8 million was charged to operating expense. 

Stock compensation expense recorded to-date is entirely non-cash in nature. In addition to our income statement 
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, we provide non-GAAP information in the form 
of pro forma income statement information that excludes the impact of stock option expenses, as well as EBITDA data. 
We believe the pro forma income statement and information and EBITDA data enhances the users overall 
understanding of our financial performance as they better reflect the economic performance of our business and provide 
investors with a tool to compare our results to prior periods. Throughout this call, we make references and comparisons 
to GAAP, pro forma and EBITDA results. 

Our pro forma fourth quarter 2006 gross margin of 67.5% was higher than the 66% realized in the third quarter. Our 
fourth quarter gross margin improved compared to the third quarter primarily due to the impact of upgrades completed 
in the third quarter and the 700,000 of inventory charges recorded in the third quarter. 

Total pro forma operating expenses for the fourth quarter of 2006 were 33.7 million, up 10% compared with the third 
quarter of 2006. The increase reflects increased head count and direct selling costs associated with higher sales 
volumes. We added 42 employees during the fourth quarter ending the period with 563 regular employees. The 
majority of the additions were to our worldwide sales and support and manufacturing organizations. 

Also, given our growth overseas, we are in the process of moving our international headquarters from France to 
Switzerland. In conjunction with that move, we are implementing a tax structure that we believe will reduce our global 
income tax rate to the mid-30s over time. However, the benefit of these lower tax rates will not be realized in our P&L 
for at least another year. The majority of the cost associated with these moves and structuring activities will be incurred 
in the first half of 2007. 

Fourth quarter 2006 pro forma operating income was 42.2 million or 37.5% of sales compared with 32.6 million or 
34% of sales for the third quarter of 2006. On a GAAP basis, including the 6.8 million of stock compensation expense, 
fourth quarter 2006 operating income was 35.4 million or 31.5% of sales. 

Our fourth quarter 2006 other income of 4.2 million increased compared with 3.1 million in the third quarter of 2006. 
The increase is primarily the result of higher interest rates earned on greater cash and investment balances. Our 
effective pro forma tax rate for the fourth quarter was 39.5%, which is consistent with the rate we recorded in previous 
quarters. We continued to utilize net loss carry forwards in 2006 and expect our cash outlay as a percentage of pre-tax 
income for 2006 will be less than 5%. 

Our pro forma net income on a fully taxed basis was 28.1 million or $0.73 per share compared with 21.7 million or 
$0.57 per share for the third quarter of 2006. Our GAAP net income fully taxed and including stock compensation 
expense was 23.6 million or $0.62 per share compared with 17.3 million or $0.45 per share for the third quarter of 
2006. 


Let me quickly summarize our results for 2006. Total revenue for 2006 was 372.7 million, up 64% compared with 

227.3 million last year. Pro forma operating income for 2006 was 132.6 million, up 93% compared with 68.8 million 
last year. Pro forma net income for 2006 was 88.3 million or $2.32 per share, down 8% compared with 94.1 million or 
$2.51 per share last year. Note that the results for 2005 included a one-time benefit of 22.2 million to recognize certain 
deferred tax assets. And that this year's pro forma results include a full tax rate. 
Now turning our attention to the balance sheet. We ended the fourth quarter of 2006 with cash, cash equivalents and 
investments of 330.3 million, up 38 million from the previous quarter end. We continued to generate significant cash 
flow throughout this period of rapid growth. EBITDA excluding stock option expense was 45.1 million for the fourth 
quarter and 142.4 million for the year. 

Our accounts receivable balance increased to 94.7 million at December 31st, 2006 from 71.7 million at September 30, 
2006. Accounts receivable continue to fluctuate with the timing of systems revenue, while we continue to realize good 
collection results. Our net inventory increased to 24.3 million at December 31st, 2006 from 22.3 million at September 
30, 2006. Our inventory turns at December 31, 2006 of 6 times per year exceeded the 5.8 turns at the end of the 
previous quarter. 

And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Aleks, who will go over our sales, marketing and clinical highlights. 

Aleks Cukic, Vice President of Business Development and Strategic Planning 

Thank you, Marshall. During the fourth quarter we shipped 50 da Vinci Systems, 47 of the 50 total system shipments 
were da Vinci S Systems, 1 was the standard 4-Arm da Vinci Systems and 2 were standard 3-Arm da Vinci Systems. 
39 systems were placed in the US, 6 into Europe, and 5 in rest of world markets. There were zero trade-ins during the 
quarter. The 50 systems sold during the quarter brings to 559 is the cumulative number of da Vinci Systems worldwide, 
429 in North America, 92 in Europe and 38 in rest of world markets. 16 of the 50 systems sold during the quarter were 
sold as second, third, fourth or fifth system sales. 

Good Samaritan Hospital in Cincinnati, Ohio purchased their third, fourth and fifth da Vinci System during the quarter, 
establishing it as the first hospital with 5 da Vinci Systems. The Ochsner Clinic in New Orleans and the University of 
California, San Diego both purchased their second and third da Vinci Systems and Henry Ford Hospital in Detroit 
purchased their third system. These centers have laid out plans to become major multispecialty robotic centers on a 
regional level, with programs in urology, GYN, cardiothoracic and general surgery. 

Outside the US, we had an excellent quarter, with 11 systems shipped, which included our second da Vinci to Yong Se 
Hospital in Seoul, Korea, our fifth system into Taiwan and our third into China. 

Clinically we had another strong quarter, with excellent sequential procedure growth, both US and internationally. We 
participated in several key conferences and had 47 da Vinci related clinical papers published in various peer reviewed 
journals. Of the conferences in which we participated, four were devoted exclusively to robotics surgery. Once again, 
gynecology led by da Vinci Hysterectomy showed the largest sequential procedure growth, followed by urology and 
specifically dVP. 

Growth in procedure volume is a key driver for multiple da Vinci System placements. And in the past few quarters, 
we've seen this trend expand, particularly so in Q4. We've always believed that multiple da Vinci placements would be 
key to the success of our long-term business model and we are pleased with the rate at which it's taking place. 

Within urology, there were three conferences devoted solely to robotics: the International Robotic Urology Symposium 
or IRUS, Fundació Puigvert in Spain, and the UK Robotic Urology Symposium in London. IRUS which took place in 
Detroit featured several live da Vinci prostatectomies, nephrectomy and for the first broadcast – and for the first time 
ever, a broadcast of da Vinci extended pyelolithotomy procedure performed for a failed percutaneous nephrolithotomy. 

In Barcelona, Spain, 750 urologists attended the 51st urology course at Fundació Puigvert, which has the largest 
urologic case volume of any hospital in Spain. Attendees were primarily from Europe, Asia and Latin America. The 
course was devoted exclusively to robotic surgery and included six live 3D da Vinci broadcasts. In addition to the three 
live dVPs, the audience observed a da Vinci pelvic lymph node dissection for testicular cancer, da Vinci pyeloplasty 
and da Vinci extended pyelolithotomy. 


At the UK Robotic Symposium sponsored by Guy's Hospital, participants reviewed several dVP presentations as well 
as da Vinci nephrectomy, cystectomy, pyeloplasty and pyelolithotomy. The repeating theme we have here is that 
urologic societies and symposia are expanding on a global scale. The programs are very well attended, full of quality 
content and the procedure presentations are beginning to expand beyond just da Vinci Prostatectomy. Procedurally, 
global growth of dVP continues to be strong and the pull through of other urologic applications is increasing. And, 
within the US, we are pleased to report that exiting 2006, we achieved our objective of capturing at least 35% of the 
estimated 90,000 prostatectomies. 

Earlier I noted that 47 da Vinci related papers were published in peer-reviewed journals during the quarter. However, 
what might be the most significant paper published this quarter, at least in our view was not among these 47. The paper 
I am referring to appeared in December's edition of the Gold Journal of Urology and never directly referenced da Vinci. 
Dr. Ash Tewari from Cornell University Hospital, New York along with the group from Henry Ford Hospital in Detroit 
published a study comparing the long-term survival rates for prostate cancer patients undergoing radical prostatectomy, 
radiotherapy and conservative therapy; also know as 'watchful waiting.' The study looked at 3159 patients with a 
biopsy-confirmed localized prostate cancer. The groups were adjusted for age, race, tumor grade, comorbid disease, 
income status and year of diagnosis. 

The overall survival rate at 15 years was reported as follows; conservative therapy 35%, radiotherapy 50% and for 
radical prostatectomy 65%. The correspondent prostate specific cancer related survival rates were 79%, 87% and 92% 
respectively. The increase in survival duration for radiotherapy over conservative management was reported to be 4.6 
years. The increase in survival duration for radical prostatectomy over conservative management, 8.6 years. 

This is significant. Several of our customers have reported large shifts of their practice away from radiotherapy toward 
dVP. The magnitude is difficult to quantify and will always be difficult to quantify, but with healthcare trends 
supporting earlier diagnosis, we believe it will continue. 

As I noted earlier, da Vinci Hysterectomy was once again the fastest growing procedure and GYN was our fastest 
growing surgical specialty. Earlier in the year, we estimated that our da Vinci Hysterectomy run rate in the US exiting 
2006 would exceed 2% of our estimated target market 250,000 patients. I am pleased to report that we achieved this 
objective. 

At the recent AAGL Meeting in Las Vegas, attended by over 3500 clinicians, da Vinci GYN procedures reports were 
featured frequently. There were da Vinci presentations in several scientific sessions, including the General Program, an 
AAGL Robotic Tutorial, an AAGL Robotic Dinner Symposium as well as a live dVH broadcast. These sessions were 
very well attended, while our da Vinci test drive schedule full. Better visualization leading to more precise dissection, 
reduced blood loss and quicker recovery were the common themes throughout the scientific presentations. The 
procedure topics within these sessions included dVH, da Vinci sacrocolpopexy and da Vinci myomectomy. Dr. Javier 
Magrina from the Mayo Clinic performed a live da Vinci Hysterectomy with the parametrial urethral dissection for 
early-stage cervical cancer which was broadcast into the general session. 

This is only the second time we've attended an AAGL conference with a da Vinci System. So we don't have a lot to 
compare it to. But with all of the AAGL sponsored robotic presentations and activity at this year's program, it's safe to 
say that the AAGL has begun to embrace robotics. Next month we will take part in the Society of Gynecologic 
Oncology Annual Conference which will take place in San Diego. The members of the SGO represent our strongest 
GYN target profile, so we would expect this to be a strong conference for us. 

Our cardiac business continues to expand. We had a strong quarter procedurally as well as a good showing at the 
Society of Thoracic Surgery or STS conference which took place in San Diego earlier this week. The focus of the 
robotic discussions continues to be da Vinci mitral valve repair and da Vinci revascularization procedures. The da 
Vinci test drive schedule and booth traffic was busier than in years passed. The demand for da Vinci cardiac proctors 
and procedure training continues to be strong which serves as a good leading indicator for the strength of the business. 

In Q1, we began offering for sale the da Vinci 3D high-definition vision system. We believe this to be the medical 
industry's first commercially available 3D HD vision system. The new 3D HD system will acquire and display an 
image with approximately twice the pixel count as the current system. We've always believed that improved 
visualization leads to improved surgical outcomes and with that as our objective we have set out to improve upon an 
already exceptional vision system. 


All da Vinci S Systems are upgradeable to the new da Vinci 3D HD System. And all future customers will have the 
option of purchasing it as part of their da Vinci S System or upgrading to it at a later time. The new 3D HD vision 
system upgrade will have a list price of $120,000. Ben will provide you with the forward looking assumptions as it 
pertains to this exciting new product offering. 

This concludes my update, and I will now turn the time over to Ben. 

Benjamin Gong, Vice President, Finance & Treasurer 

Thank you, Aleks. As previously mentioned, we recorded excellent financial results in 2006, and we expect to carry 
this momentum into 2007. I will now provide our guidance for the full year 2007 financial results and provide 
additional comments on our first quarter. 

Beginning with 2007, we will provide our guidance on a GAAP reporting basis including stock compensation expenses 
and we will provide comparisons to our prior periods also on a GAAP basis. In addition, we will provide an estimate of 
the stock compensation expenses separately, so you can calculate meaningful comparisons that exclude these non-cash 
expenses. 

Starting with revenue, we expect significant growth driven by the continued adoption of da Vinci surgical procedures. 
The largest impact to our growth in 2007 will continue to come from da Vinci Prostatectomy and da Vinci 
Hysterectomy. In 2007, we expect dVP procedures to grow at least 50% worldwide and we expect dVH procedures to 
grow at least 150% worldwide. 

Our instrument and accessory revenues which correlate with procedures performed are expected to grow between 50 
and 55% above our 2006 total. We expect this growth to result from procedures performed on new system placements, 
as well as increased utilization for existing installed systems. System utilization has steadily increased and currently 
averages between two and three procedures per system per week across the installed base. 

We expect year-over-year systems revenue growth of 20 to 25%. System sales are also driven by procedure adoption. 
However, our growth in system placements is somewhat tempered by our expectation that system utilization across 
installed base will also increase. Overall, we expect higher unit sales, while realizing a modest increase in average sales 
price, due to the introduction of the 3D HD vision system. On average, we expect system ASPs for the year to be 
approximately $1.2 million and will vary between 1.15 and 1.25 million on a quarterly basis. As a reminder, our system 
ASP includes all da Vinci System sales, but excludes 4th Arm upgrade sales. 

Our service revenues continue to build from our growth and system placements, and modestly higher average annual 
fees from service contracts. As a result, we expect service revenues to grow approximately 45% above 2006 levels. 
Overall, we expect our total 2007 revenues to grow approximately 35% over 2006, which would bring us to 
approximately $500 million in revenues. We expect Q1 revenues to come in slightly lower than Q4 2006 revenues, then 
grow sequentially each quarter throughout 2007. 

With regard to gross profit margin, we expect a small decline in gross margin percentage in the early part of the year 
related to the introduction of the 3D HD vision system. Our initial purchases of HD product are at higher cost and 
therefore our initial sales of HD systems will be at lower margin. As a result, we expect gross margins to decrease 
sequentially in Q1 by 1 to 1.5 percentage points from Q4 2006. By the end of the year, we expect our cost on HD 
components to decrease and our gross margin should recover back to similar levels as we saw in Q4 2006. For the year, 
we expect average gross margin to be between 65 and 66%. As a reminder, this includes the impact of stock option 
expense. Without the FAS 123 stock option expense, our gross margins in 2007 would be higher by approximately 1 
percentage point. 

Moving to operating expense, we plan to increase our annual operating expenses by 32 to 36% over 2006. This 
includes certain expenses which are worth pointing out. As Marshall mentioned earlier, we have initiated moving our 
international sales office to Switzerland and implementing a tax strategy designed to reduce our income tax rate from 
40% in 2007 to the mid 30s over the following several years. We expect to incur approximately $2 million in expense 
related to these activities. We also expect to record approximately $30 million in the operating expense line for 
non-cash FAS 123R stock compensation expense in 2007, as compared with 21.4 million in 2006. Finally, we expect to 
incur higher legal expenses in the area of intellectual property protection. 


For the year, we expect operating expense as a percent of revenue to be between 37 and 38% of revenue, which is 
similar to what it was in 2006. However, in the first quarter, we expect it to between 39 and 40% of revenue due to the 
nature of the expenses I just mentioned. For example, most of the $2 million expense related to the international office 
move and the implementation of the tax strategy will occur in the first quarter. Also, we expect to record approximately 
$6.8 million in the operating expense line for stock option expense in the first quarter, which is up from approximately 

5.8 million in Q4 2006. 
EBITDA, which excludes the impact of stock option expense, is expected to come in between the 185 and 195 million 
for the year, up from 142 million in 2006. We expect to report total 123R non-cash stock compensation expense of 
approximately $36 million in 2007, 6 million of which will be recorded in the cost of goods sold line and 30 million in 
the operating expense line as compared with the total of $25 million in 2006. 

Other income and expense which is mainly comprised of interest income will grow during 2007, as our cash and 
investment balances increase. We are earning approximately 5% on our cash balances and we expect interest income 
for the year to come in between 19 and $20 million. 

Regarding income tax, we expect that our recorded tax rate will remain at about 40% for the year, while our effective 
cash tax expense will be less than 20%. 

Regarding shares outstanding, we currently have 37.1 million common shares outstanding. We also have approximately 

3.5 million option and warrant shares outstanding. Depending upon the average stock price during the first quarter, a 
portion of the 3.5 million option and warrant shares will be added to the fully diluted shares calculation. For calculating 
EPS in Q1, we expect the share count to be between 38.3 and 38.7 million shares. 
That concludes our prepared remarks, we will now open the call to your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] First question comes from Mimi Pham. Your line is open, state your affiliation 
please. 

<Q - Mimi Pham>: Hi, HSBC. On your high-definition system upgrades, the 150 or so hospitals that have a da Vinci 
S, can they immediately upgrade to the system during the first quarter? 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: The answer is anybody with a da Vinci S can upgrade to an HD vision system. Will they all 
upgrade in the first quarter, probably not. As you might imagine there is a capital expenditure involved, so that over 
time we may expect some upgrades that probably happen over a period of time. 

<Q - Mimi Pham>: And for those that don't have – I'm sorry. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: We also don't have the resources at this point in time in terms of HD System, so we could not, if 
they all want to be upgraded today, we could not do so. 

<Q - Mimi Pham>: And so any one who has one of your older system, which is I guess with the rest of the 150 out 
there, they can't – they don't have high-D unless they do a trade-in, your trade-in program or some sort of trade-in? 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: Yeah, that's a good clarification. The standard da Vinci System is not upgradeable to HD, only 
the da Vinci S is upgradeable to HD. 

<Q - Mimi Pham>: Okay. And on the gynecology side or for hysterectomies, the thousand or so procedures you did, 
da Vinci Hysterectomy procedures you did during the quarter, can you give us the breakout of what percent was for 
cancer and what percent was for complex benign procedures? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: You know, it's very difficult for us to get that data that specifically. What we are trying to get 
better information on is the surgeons who were GYN oncologist versus GYN surgeons. We are getting better 
information on that, but we don't have a clear view of that. So, as you remember, GYN oncologists do some operations 
which are not for cancer, they do some that are benign. But I would say that as a general matter, the GYN oncologist is 
our target market, our primary target market and there are procedures in both the oncologic as well as non-oncologic 


that have been done. 

<Q - Mimi Pham>: And then last question on your guidance for systems, I guess it translates to about somewhere over 
north of 200 system sales. Should we be thinking about it in terms of 30 to 35 new accounts per quarter and then the 
balance coming from hospitals that want to order a multiple system? 

<A - Marshall Mohr>: That's a good question Mimi. I am not sure what mix of new placements versus VP sales we 
will have. Certainly there has been a trend of having quite a few repeat sales which we are excited about and we'll 
continue to see those. But, I think we'll definitely continue to see a combination of new placements and repeat sales. 

<Q - Mimi Pham>: Okay, thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Tao Levy and your line is open. State your affiliation please, sir. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Yeah, hi, Deutsche Bank. Thank you very much for taking the questions. Couple of quick ones, any 
reason why you guys saw so many 4th Arm upgrades this quarter? 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: Yeah. You know the truth is we think everybody who has a 3-Arm system would benefit from 
having a 4th Arm upgrade. In fact a lot of the procedures like dVP and dVH benefit significantly from the 4th Arm. But 
honestly speaking, we think that just due to the fourth quarter being typically a high capital quarter for us, it translated 
into those higher number of 4th Arm sales. 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: Hey Tao, I think as time goes on, surgeons with 3-Arm systems are seeing more and more 
presentations and reports of the value of the 4th Arm and I think it's just taken some accounts longer to see that and the 
combination of it being the fourth quarter probably set up pretty well for us. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Okay, great. And, I noticed that you are steering away from or maybe just forgot to provide sort of an 
outlook on the penetration of robotic prostatectomy and hysterectomies like you have done in the past. But if I do the 
math and I use the same numbers that you guys have used in the past, you know, so it basically means about 5% 
penetration in hysterectomies and about 50% of prostatectomy assuming using the same denominators as you used to 
use in the past, is that right? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: You know, Tao what we have looked at is and it's our belief that a number that is probably more 
representative of the business is a number that expands beyond just the US. And secondly, when you look at, for 
example, prostatectomy, there is a lot of shifting that's going on between the different categories of watchful waiting, 
radiotherapy, prostatectomy. And so, rather than trying to take a number and fix it and base the number off of the US 
number, we thought it was probably more appropriate to give you an overall growth rate that represented both US and 
overseas. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Okay. 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: So, and I think and that's what we attempted to do there. So, it just becomes more difficult to 
balance that number over time. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Great. And just last question, any – as we look at 2007, any big sort of upcoming milestones, data 
releases, important papers like the one from Dr. Tewari in December, anything of that nature we should pay attention to 
as the year progresses? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: You know, again, some of those things are outside of our control and as you know the process, 
there is a manuscript that's written, it's submitted, it's reviewed and sometimes, we really don't know until it actually 
hits the wire. But then there are other times when we know that people are collecting data and we would expect 
something in time. So, I think in '07, we are aware of people that are doing work within the gynecologic area, some 
series that are starting to get a little more substantive, dVP, I mean, there is a constant flow every quarter in dVP and 
there is a nice flow in cardiac. So, as far as any milestone papers, I can't point you to a month or to a number and tell 
you what it's going to look like, but we would expect more in those areas in '07. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Great. Thanks a lot, and very good quarter. Thanks. 


Operator 

Next question will come from Timothy Nelson. Your line is open. State your affiliation sir. 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: Piper Jaffray. Nice quarter guys. Lonnie you mentioned that you couldn't supply, you may be 
a little bit supply-constrained on the high-definition vision systems, if demand for all installed S's were instantaneous 
and they all wanted to upgrade, how long would it take you to do it? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: Well, you know, there is a pipeline here in terms of our source of the high-definition camera 
heads. And it would take us – it would take us I would say through somewhere in the first six to nine months. I mean, 
we want to provide them on the new systems and we will be in capacity-constrained for a little while as we ramp up our 
supplier on those. And so, you know, we want to manage this well and so we will be very quality conscious here early 
on. 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: Tim, I think it's also important just as a general reminder is, you know, we introduced the 4th Arm 
upgrade, I think it was the fourth quarter of 2002 and here we are in 2007 and there's still a pretty substantial number of 
upgradeable accounts that are still on 3-Arms. You know, things like this don't tend to move overnight, so I don't think 
you want to set an expectation for yourself that that's the case. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: And I think that it's important to note, I mean we really have an incredible vision system without 
HD. HD does take it to a new level, there's no question about it. But, for many surgeons, they are going to say, hey 
what we have is good enough and for others they say, this takes me to a new level and I want to move there quickly. 
And so, I think it will be the process that Aleks describes, others will buy into it little more slowly and some will just be 
satisfied with where they are at. 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: Just to be clear on the pricing, new S's there is an up charge for, with the HD System there is 
an up charge, and it is the same up charge whether you upgrade or whether you order de novo? 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: Yeah, that's correct Tim. There is an up charge for that. 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: Okay. And the margin I would assume is about the same either way. What's the gross margin 
on these upgrades, it is 150,000 is it? 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: So, further clarification on that, it's 120,000 is the upgrade price. 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: Okay. 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: Our gross margins on the HD upgrade are lower than our gross margins on our product in 
general. And that's what I was trying to point out in terms of the potential impact to our gross margins at least in the 
first half of the year. 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: Okay. All right. 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: Keep in mind that we do make money when we sell it, it's just in a lower gross margin 
percentage. 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: And it is field upgradeable, right? I mean you don't have to take your system down for...? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: Yes, it's field upgradeable. 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: Correct. 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: Okay. Any sense on the capital purchase cycle of your pipeline, is that lengthening or 
shortening, still around nine months or so from start to... 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: The last quarter, Tim, we did mention that it seemed like it was less than nine months, United 
States in fact is trying to approach six months and we still feel that way. That generally speaking it has been shortening 
in the United States. Internationally, it's still longer. But generally speaking, it is shorter than it was let's say, a year or 
two ago. 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: Okay, great. And then, just a follow-up on the paper question, specifically at the SGO 
meeting. Anything on hysterectomy coming out in terms of new data series? 


<A - Aleks Cukic>: You know, I know that there are some presentations that are being given, I don't know the day 
which that they are going to be presented, but I believe Dr Boggess from UNC, University of North Carolina has an 
accepted presentation. I think there is a few other things, but I'll be honest with you, I don't have all the details of that as 
to what's being presented other than the few that I have mentioned. 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: Okay. And then finally a financial question, on the tax rate you say your cash tax rate is going 
to 20% next year or 2007. Can you see at this point when the NOLs will finally be gone and your cash tax rates will 
approximate your true tax rates? 

<A - Marshall Mohr>: Well, the NOLs are a combination of net operating losses from years past as well as benefits 
from stock option exercises. So, the amount of NOL actually will fluctuate because as over time when people exercise 
options you get additional benefits. At this point, you know, the reason we are projecting a 20% cash rate is that we do 
think that we'll have some limitations next year on utilization of some of those benefits. 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: Okay. So, but in subsequent years there is probably also going to be a delta between your true 
tax rates and your cash tax rates? 

<A - Marshall Mohr>: There would be some difference, yes. 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: Yes, theoretically all the benefits you get from the stock compensation expense is always 
going to be a difference. 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: Yeah. 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: A permanent difference. 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: Right. Okay, great. I will go back in queue, good quarter. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from Rick Wise [Bear Stearns]. Your line is open, state your affiliation please. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Hi, good afternoon everybody. Maybe let's turn to the sales guidance, if I remember you are 
saying 35% for '07 versus '06. While appreciating that you all have a history of being conservative in your guidance, 
perhaps you could share with us your thoughts about why that number, I mean, given your excitement, given the 
momentum, one could certainly imagine a larger number, why you are comfortable with that number as opposed to 
whatever higher or lower? But maybe as well, help us understand where the upside could come from. Being better, is it 
procedures, is it the 3D HDV, just take us through that as well so we can just get a little flavor? 

<A - Marshall Mohr>: I think what we have given is our best estimate at this time. We look at a number of factors and 
come up with that. I am not – I don't think we are in a position to speculate where upside is coming from. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: I am not asking you to speculate, that'd be very foolish of me to do. But, I mean, clearly that 
procedure growth is strong, the market seems to be barely penetrated. What might drive upside, I mean, you know, 
clearly there is a range around any single number, maybe you could talk about is it marketing initiatives, is it adding 
more sales, what's the limiting factor, maybe is another way to approach it? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: Rick, this will be driven as we have said before, procedure by procedure. And as – and the 
upstarts is that we will have stronger growth in procedures than we estimate, and we'll sell more systems. But, to get 
more specific than that, I think isn't prudent. I know you'd love to know more information and as I have set out before, 
if I had a crystal ball I would be happy to tell you. But, we take our best shot. Our goal is to give you our best guess, 
and if we can do better we will sure do better. But, you know, it seem to me the market – and you are so concerned 
about projecting what people might do, and we could make all kinds of promises. We will promise what we can deliver 
and if we can do more we will do more. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: That I trust and of course that's what my job is, to ask these kind of things. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: I understand. You never stop. And I appreciate it, that's your job. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Okay, turning to utilization, again it'd be great if we could understand a little better, maybe 
excluding systems placed in the last 12 months, can you give us any flavor of utilization per instrument or again in 


more established accounts, any updates there. Again your – its all bases growing, I keep wondering whether we are 
going to, you know, as training goes on as you see all these papers when we might see, again an explosion in 
procedures at some point? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: You know, Rick, I don't think we are seeing an explosion of procedures. I mean, the constraints 
are – a couple of things drive it. One, we have got to have surgeons that are trained and capable of delivering a very 
quality procedure, and two, it's really driven more by patient demand. And patients coming – actually the medical 
community is often very conservative. And, you know, the few surgeons – the surgeons that start out, you know, have a 
few that start out, they start building demand, other surgeons start to follow. You know, it follows an adoption curve 
very predictably, and it's different by procedure. 

So, I don't expect all of a sudden that it's going to explode. I think it's growing at one incredible rate and we will work 
hard to continue to do that and over time, and the last thing we would like to see happen is all of a sudden, people who 
are doing it are who are ill prepared, and have bad outcomes. That would be a disaster for us. And so, you know, we are 
going to manage this business – don't expect, I know what an explosion is. If you looked at our growth curve I guess 
some people could call that an explosion. It's very high, but consistent growth, and that's what we will manage for. 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: The only thing I would add Rick, the first part of your question was on utilization and pretty 
much every quarter – you go back many quarters, and we've had increased utilization per system per week, and that's 
part of the metric that we put out there between two and three procedures per week. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Right. 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: And we do expect that to continue to increase over time, and that's embedded in our guidance 
for 2007. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Great. Two last quick ones, gross margins on the 3D HDV, I understand the initial comments. 
Then, do they get to the corporate average at some point or is that always because of the OEM purchase, always going 
to be a bit below? 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: Yeah. The point that, I was trying to make is by the end of the year, we expect our gross 
margins for HD to be in line with the rest of the product and the gross margin in total should get back to what we've 
seen in the past. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Okay. Last, it was New England Journal article, embolization versus surgery and I didn't – I 
wasn't sure whether that related to Intuitive, if it does, it seems to, you know, there were arguments on both sides, just 
wonder if there are implications there for Intuitive? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: You know, there are number of reasons, number of conditions that lead to a hysterectomy, some 
benign, some malignant. Embolizing fibroids is something that's been talked about and been done for sometime. You 
know, the implication to Intuitive is again, if you look at the reasons why someone does a dVH and you look at 
endometrial cancer, cervical cancer, potentially ovarian malignancies, they do difficult abnormal uterine bleeding, 
when there is presence of endometriosis and so on and so forth. There are some sub-segment of procedures that are 
obviously fibroid-related and myomectomy specifically. But, the implication right now, I don't think we can say 
clearly, what it might be or what it is in the future. There are many procedures to be done surgically and we think that 
will be the case for a long time. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Next question will come from Michael Matson. Your line is open sir. State your affiliation please. 

<Q>: Wachovia. This is Vincent Ritchie on for Mike Matson. Thanks for taking our questions. First question just kind 
of following on to what Rick was talking about, the embolization, does that affect more of like a myomectomy situation 
than a hysterectomy situation or that's at least our understanding? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: Yeah. Probably so, I mean, if you are looking at it, I mean, myomectomy is the removal of a 
fibroid and the preservation of the uterus. So, in that, again – if there is a hysterectomy done for fibroids as opposed to 
embolizing them, they can take the entire unit out or rather just embolizing them for myomectomy. So, there would be 


some implication there. But again, I don't know that I can put my arms around it and size it for you. 

<Q>: Okay. You guys usually target a certain number of procedures in an overall procedure volume like 250 out of the 
600,000 hysterectomies done, that you think are attainable. In terms of the myomectomy, can you kind of give that to 
us or have you given to us in the past? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: You know, again I think the numbers that have been estimated our there myomectomy are on the 
order of 40 to 50,000, that's the number that we look at. And, that's about is close of a estimated available market forces 
we have US. 

<Q>: Okay. 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: And, all the numbers that you have mentioned is the 250 is obviously US based as well. 

<Q>: Also, we have saw in a presentation you have done that, you had suggested, even though 90,000 is your target 
market for prostatectomy, that it could be as high as 120. Could you a talk to us a little bit about that? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: Yeah, and this is part of the reason for getting away from a fixed number of US prostatectomy 
market. If you look at the incidents of prostate cancer in the United States in 2006, it was around 235,000. You know, 
the best guess of those patients 90,000 would have been prostatectomy, 90,000 are so in the radiotherapy area, and then 
some remainder of 55,000 or so watchful waiting. It's our belief based on our customer's comments and what they are 
seeing in the changes from the patient that, that patients are moving out – moving at some level out of the categories of 
either watchful waiting or radiotherapy into prostatectomy. And, in support of that, I think our papers like Dr. Tewari 
and his group, as well as the Henry Ford Group have brought to light that people are getting diagnosed earlier. 

There is some data that suggesting that long-term survival rates favor prostatectomy. And, we think that that 
combination with a minimally invasive radical prostatectomy lead to a very nice story for minimally invasive 
prostatectomy to take over some of that market. We think that will take place. We know it is taking place. We don't 
know how big it will grow to. But, the 120,000 was an estimate that we'd used in the past. And, we will judge it on a 
real-time basis and see what it looks like going forward. 

<Q>: Okay. So, then just to clarify, the 50% you gave us for dVP was a growth rate and not a penetration rate? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: That's right. That was a growth rate and that was a – and that included a worldwide number. That 
was no longer a US-based number. 

<Q>: Okay, great. And then, just one last question, with your sales force additions, can you kind give us a little bit 
more detail on were they skewed more towards domestic or international, and if in international, Europe or Asia? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: I would say that they are pretty well balanced actually. We've had excellent growth in Europe 
and the rest of that. And we have – with that, we've encouraged and invested more. So, I think, while there is a slight 
difference, the percentage growth is not dramatically different between Europe and the US or even some of their adds 
we are making in rest of world. 

<Q - Michael Matson>: Okay, great. And this is Mike Matson. I have one quick question that kind of relate to that 
question. Just the dynamics of the market and the procedures that the robot is being used for and all that. I mean, are 
there any real differences out of the – in the international market, kind of versus what – the trends you are seeing in the 
US market? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: I was going to say not in terms of the procedures themselves. The rate of adoption is going to vary. 
Europe varies – even within Europe country-to-country will vary. Outside of Europe and you look into the Asian 
market, it will vary. There are a lot of – we have a lot of FDA clearances already in the US. So, it really hasn't been an 
issue as of late of what can be done outside the US versus within the US. So, I would say in general, just the rate of 
adoption and market specifics. I think, we have time for two more calls. 

<Q - Michael Matson>: Okay, thanks. I will follow-up. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Eli Kammerman. Your line is open. State your affiliation please. 


<Q - Eli Kammerman>: Yes, Cowen & Company. Thank you. My first question is, have you been tracking the length 
of time between purchase of a first unit and purchase of a second unit and how has that time changed between last year 
and this year? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: Well, I would say that it is significantly different between billings – we have hospitals who still 
have their first system. And, we have others that have had such success and see this as a differentiator to build volume. 
As we've mentioned many times before, that hospitals tend to be very fixed cost based and incremental volume, patient 
volume either incremental growth or incremental decline, have a huge effect on their bottom-line. Those that have seen 
the growth and have more visionary leadership both clinically and administratively are the ones that seem to say, okay, 
I've had the experience, the experience is good and I want to build on that. But, I don't know that we can tell you that 
there is a time from first to second system. Some have been – results have been fairly quick and others, as we just 
mentioned, you are seeing some that we've added, that have been going at this for a long time and added very 
incrementally. 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: And, some will invest in their patient awareness campaigns more than others which drive volume. 
The volume tends to be the driver of the necessity for second and the third system. And so, you see it very 
market-to-market so, it's hard for us to give much more detail on that. 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: Yeah. Once it's beyond one year, I am not sure that there is a differentiation between someone 
who has had it for one year or two or three years. 

<Q - Eli Kammerman>: Okay. Can you tell us how many hospitals now have three systems or more? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: I believe, the number now is we have 13 hospitals that have three systems, one that has five. Last 
quarter, we announced that one hospital was UPenn had purchased their third and fourth system and during the quarter, 
they had moved one of those systems to a sister hospital which they own. So, they moved some of their practice over to 
that hospital, so the da Vinci followed. So, the answer is 14 that have three or more right now. 

<Q - Eli Kammerman>: Okay. Thanks for that. And then, as you look out over the opportunity for hysterectomy, do 
you expect that procedure to be driven more by physician decision making or by patient request? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: You know, I think the answer is probably some of both. And, I think when you look at 
hysterectomy, again it's a little bit more complex, because there a number of reasons to do a hysterectomy. You know, 
hysterectomies for cancer will follow and those patients will follow a certain regimen and a certain path whereas, for 
benign conditions, it may be a little bit less predicted. But, at the end of the day, I think the answer is both. We are 
already hearing that from customers. You are seeing patient awareness campaigns that they are putting on within their 
local markets. You are seeing more on the internet. There is just more awareness of it, so probably both. 

<Q - Eli Kammerman>: All right. Thanks very much. 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Mark Richter. State your affiliation. Your line is open sir. 

<Q - Mark Richter>: Hi, Jefferies & Company. Hi, guys good evening and nice quarter. Most of my questions have 
been answered. I guess, my last two are just on the potential Caltech litigation. First, is there any thing new to report on 
that front? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: Mark, no. I think, we said it all in the press release and I have nothing else to say at this point in 
time. 

<Q - Mark Richter>: Do you have any – I mean, maybe can you give us some sense of why or your hypothesis of why 
they chose now to do this? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: You know, there was a quote in the press release, I still feel that way. It's better I don't say 
anything else. 

<Q - Mark Richter>: Okay, I understand. Thanks guys and good quarter. 


<A>: Thank you. 

<A>: Thanks. 

Lonnie M. Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer 

That's our last question for the day. We appreciate your joining us. While these calls focus on financial and operating 
numbers, I just want you to know that our organizational focus is on bringing superior surgical outcomes, with reduced 
complications, and reduced surgical trauma to surgical patients worldwide. 

On this conference call, as we discussed financial metrics such as, revenues, profits, and cash flow, but I wish we could 
somehow measure and communicate the difference our products are making in the daily lives of thousands of people 
facing serious medical problems and physical and emotional trauma that accompanies them. I would prefer metrics to 
reflect the faces of the patients whose stories I have the fortunate opportunity to hear in my course of daily activities. 
Few people have the opportunity to experience the kind of growth that we've enjoyed these past few years. Even fewer 
have the opportunity to do so while doing something that clearly benefits the quality of people's lives and often touches 
our own lives and the lives of those we love in a very personal way. 

I think I can say that I speak for nearly every individual at Intuitive when I say that I feel very fortunate to be part of 
this great team, as we take surgical precision and surgery beyond the limits of the human hand. In doing so, we've 
remained committed to focus on the vital few things that truly make a difference. Our priorities remain first, superior 
products, customer service, and mostly patient outcomes, consistent revenue and operating income growth, and 
results-driven company culture in which we measure ourselves by our accomplishments. 

That concludes today's call. We thank you for your participation and support on this extraordinary journey. 

Operator 

At this time, that would conclude today's conference. You may disconnect. Thank you for your attendance. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


