Q4 2005 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Sarah Norton, Investor Relations 
• Lonnie M. Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Calvin Darling, Director of Financial Planning 
• Aleks Cukic, Vice President, Business Development and Strategic Planning 
• Benjamin B. Gong, Vice President of Finance and Treasurer 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Welcome and good afternoon to the Intuitive Surgical Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time all lines 
have been placed on a listen only mode until the question and answer session of today's conference. I would like to 
inform everyone that the conference call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. 

Now at this time I would like to turn the conference call over to your speaker, Ms. Sarah Norton of Investor Relations. 
Thank you ma'am. You may begin. 

Sarah Norton, Investor Relations 

Good afternoon and welcome to Intuitive Surgical's Fourth Quarter Conference Call. With me today we have Lonnie 
Smith, our President and CEO; Ben Gong, our Vice President of Finance and Treasurer; Calvin Darling, our Director of 
Financial Planning; Aleks Cukic, our Vice President of Business Development and Strategic Planning; and Rick 
Runkel, our Senior Vice President and General Counsel. 

Before we began, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today's call may be deemed to contain 
forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied as a result of certain 
risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in the Company's Security and Exchange 
Commission filings. Prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking 
statements. 

Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website at www.intuitivesurgical.com on 
the Audio Archive section under our Investor Relations page. In addition, today's press release has been posted to our 
website. 

Today's format will consist of providing you with highlights of our fourth quarter as described in our press release 
announced earlier today, followed by a question and answer session. First, Lonnie will present the quarter's business 
highlights. Calvin will follow with review of fourth quarter's financial results. Next, Aleks will discuss sales and 
marketing highlights. Then Ben will review our financial forecast for 2006. And finally we will host a 
question-and-answer session. 

With that I would like to introduce Lonnie Smith, our President and CEO. 

Lonnie M. Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer 


Thank you for joining us today. As you can see from our press release, we had another strong quarter. 2005 has been an 
extraordinary year for Intuitive Surgical. Highlights for the fourth quarter are as follows. We sold 40 da Vinci Surgical 
Systems, up from 25 in the fourth quarter of last year. 31 of those of systems were in the United States. We ended the 
fourth quarter with 394 cumulative da Vinci systems installed worldwide. 

Total revenue grew to 72.1 million, up 69% – or 60% from Q4 last year. Recurring revenue grew to 30.8 million, up 
70% from the prior year, comprising 43% of total revenue. We generated an operating profit of 23.5 million, 32.6% of 
revenue, up 116% from 10,900,000 in the fourth quarter of last year. EBITDA for the quarter grew to 25.3 million from 

12.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2004. 
For the full year, we sold 115 da Vinci Surgical Systems, up from 76 last year. Total revenue grew to 227 million, up 
64% from 139 million last year. Recurring revenue grew to 103 million, up 70% from the prior year, comprising 45% 
of total revenue. We generated 69 million in operating profits, up 225% from 21 million last year. 

EBITDA grew to approximately 75 million from 25 million last year. We ended the year with 203 million in cash and 
short term investments, up from a 132 million last year and 89 million last quarter. The 14 million increase from last 
quarter was after a cash outlay of 20 million to purchase a nearby three building complex comprising 210,000 square 
feet from Hewlett-Packard. 

In 2005 we continued to drive the adoption curve for Robotically-assisted surgery, delivering strong top line and 
bottom line growth. Significant advancement and accomplishments for the year include: continued strong procedure 
growth, most notably in urology, gynecology, and general surgery; strong momentum in system sales worldwide; FDA 
clearance for gynecology; development and launch of new enabling instruments and accessories; significant progress in 
the development of our operating and information systems infrastructure; license of IBM patents related to image 
registration for image-guided surgery; continued growth and development of the Intuitive team ending the year with a 
team of 419 compared to 321 at year end 2004; completion of the development, testing, validation, and shakedown of 
the new da Vinci S system. And finally, we tripled our operating space with the purchase of the 210,000 square feet of 
additional space in anticipation of our future manufacturing and organizational growth requirements. 

Some recent additions to our team include, as mentioned earlier, Rick Runkel, as Senior Vice President and General 
Counsel. Rick received his law degree from UCLA. He was the managing partner of the San Francisco office of 
Sheppard, Mullin, Richter and Hampton, and the General Counsel for VISX for the last four and half years. Heather 
Hand has joined us as Vice President of Human Resources. Heather has headed Human Resources at City of Hope 
Hospital, a healthcare provider with 2,700 employees and multiple labor unions. She served as Vice President of HR 
for Biosense Wester, a J&J company, and until a few days ago was Senior Vice President, Global Human Resources at 
Sunrise Medical. Myriam Curet, Dr. Myriam Curet, Assistant Professor of Surgery at Stanford, who has joined our 
team on a part time basis as Chief Medical Advisor. Myriam received her medical degree from Harvard, her surgical 
training at the University at Chicago and the University of New Mexico. 

With that I will pass the time over Calvin Darling, our Director of Financial Planning. 

Calvin Darling, Director of Financial Planning 

Thank you Lonnie. We again enjoyed excellent financial results this fourth quarter. Total fourth quarter revenue 
increased to $72.1 million, up 60% from 45.2 million for the fourth quarter of 2004. Higher fourth quarter sales were 
driven by higher da Vinci Surgical System and 4th Arm unit sales as well as continued recurring revenue growth. 

Fourth quarter 2005 sales increased in all product categories. Compared to last year, systems revenue increased 52% to 
$41.3 million from 27.1 million. Instrument and accessories sales increased 77% to $20.6 million from 11.6 million, 
and service and training revenue increased 58% to 10.2 million from 6.4 million. Fourth quarter demand for da Vinci 
Surgical Systems exceeded our expectations as we sold 40 systems during the quarter, up 15 compared to 25 sold 
during the fourth quarter last year. We sold 33 da Vinci 4th Arms during the quarter, compared to 24 during the first 
quarter of last year. Our base da Vinci System average selling price was about $890,000 for the fourth quarter, which 


was less than the $950,000 realized last quarter, but about the same as what we had in the second quarter 2005. Our 
pricing remains steady with our ASP fluctuating within this range reflecting primarily changes in regional mix. Net 
revenue realized on 4th Arm sales has remained fairly constant, averaging around $170,000 per unit. Instrument and 
accessory revenue grew 77% for the quarter, driven by higher da Vinci surgery volume at our customer sites. 

We continue to realize between $1,500 and $2,000 per procedure for established da Vinci accounts. However, keep in 
mind that when customers are early on in their robotics programs, they tend to make their initial instrument and 
accessory purchases prior to completing many procedures. This has had a more recent impact of increasing our average 
revenue per procedure to a range from between $2,000 and $2,500. 

Our full year 2005 sales totaled $227.3 million, up 64%, compared to 138.8 million for 2004. We sold 115 systems and 
106 4th Arms in 2005, compared to 76 systems and 65 4th Arms in 2004. For the year, recurring revenue increased 
70% to 102.8 million from 60 million in 2004, growing to 45% of total revenue compared to 43% in 2004 and 33% in 
2003. 

Our fourth quarter 2005 gross profit percentage of 67.4% was 1.5 points higher than the fourth quarter 2004, primarily 
due to leveraging manufacturing overhead costs across higher sales volume and lower material cost. Our gross profit 
margin was 1.8 points sequentially lower, primarily due to the lower base da Vinci system ASP I previously mentioned, 
and the impact of some additional costs related to the da Vinci S. For the full year 2005, gross profit percentage was 
67.6% compared to 63.4% last year, primarily reflecting again the leverage of manufacturing overhead costs across 
higher sales volume and material cost reductions. 

Total operating expenses for the fourth quarter 2005 were $25.1 million, up 6.2 million or 33% compared to the fourth 
quarter of 2004. Selling, general, and administrative expenses for the fourth quarter 2005 were $20.8 million compared 
to 14.6 million for the fourth quarter last year. The increase was driven by sales organization head count growth to 
support higher sales and higher commissions as our sales compensation plan commissioned sales at a higher rate once 
annual targets are met. Based on our higher than plan 2005 sales, much of the fourth quarter sales were commissioned 
at the higher rates. 

Research and development expenses for the fourth quarter 2005 were $4.3 million, roughly equal to the fourth quarter 
last year as higher 2005 personnel costs were offset by lower prototyping and other project related costs. We added 22 
employees during the fourth quarter, ending the period with 419 regular employees. For the year, we grew total head 
count by 30%, adding about 100 employees to our organization, including 54 to worldwide sales and service, and 24 to 
manufacturing. On a full year basis, total operating expenses grew 27% to $84.8 million in 2005, compared to 66.8 
million in 2004. Operating expenses were significantly leveraged in 2005, as we were able to hold operating expense 
growth to 27% as we grew sales 64%. 

Fourth quarter 2005 operating income was $23.5 million, or 32.6% of sales, compared to 10.9 million or 24.2% last 
year. Full year 2005 operating income grew 225% to $68.8 million, or 30.3% of sales, compared to 21.2 million, or 
15.3% of sales, in 2004. Our fourth quarter 2005 other income of $1.9 million, comprised mostly of interest income, 
increased by 800,000 compared to the fourth quarter of 2004, primarily due to higher interest earned from higher 2005 
cash and investment balances and higher 2005 interest rates. 

As anticipated, during the fourth quarter 2005, the company reversed a valuation allowance on its deferred tax asset, 
resulting in a negative income tax expense of $24.1 million for the quarter and a negative income tax expense of $20.3 
million to the full year. Ben will provide more detail regarding our tax status later in the call. 

Including the impact of the tax event that I just described, our fourth quarter 2005 net income was $49.5 million or 
$1.31 per diluted share, compared to 11.7 million or $0.32 per diluted share in the fourth quarter 2004. We reported 

37.7 million diluted shares outstanding for our fourth quarter EPS calculation. This quarter, the number of shares added 
into our diluted share count was reduced by nearly 1 million as a result of the reversing of the valuation allowance on a 
deferred tax asset. 
Our full year 2005 net income was $94.1 million or $2.51 per diluted share compared to 23.5 million or $0.67 per share 
in 2004. 


This quarter, we again strengthened our balance sheet while investing in additional facilities, IT infrastructure, and 
intellectual property to support future growth. As Lonnie mentioned, in late December we invested approximately $20 
million to acquire an additional 210,000 square foot facility, which is located about 1 mile from our current Sunnyvale 
site on the same road. We will continue to maintain operations in our existing Sunnyvale site. This acquisition of this 
property triples our square footage in Sunnyvale and provides us with the necessary capacity to maintain all of our 
corporate functions, including manufacturing, together here in Sunnyvale for several years to come. 

We are also investing in IT infrastructure as we have embarked on a project to upgrade our general ledger and 
manufacturing systems to a new SAP system. We anticipate to complete implementation of this new system around the 
middle of 2006. Total capital expenditures for 2005, including the purchase of the new facility, was nearly $30 million. 

Even as we made these significant investments in our future, we were $13.3 million cash flow positive during the 
quarter and 71 million cash flow positive for the year, ending the year with 203 million in cash and investments. Our 
positive fourth quarter cash flow was driven by our $25.4 million net income, excluding the tax events, $12.2 million of 
options and warrant exercise proceeds, offset primarily by our capital investments that I just described. 

Our accounts receivable balance increased to $52.8 million from 43.8 million ending the third quarter. The increase 
was due to higher fourth quarter 2005 sales compared to the third quarter. Our average days sales outstanding was 66 
days compared to 65 ending the prior quarter. 

Our net inventory increased to $15.2 million from 12.2 million ending the previous quarter, reflecting the growth in our 
business and the build up for the da Vinci S launch. Our annual inventory turns now stand at 6.3 compared to 6.1 
ending the previous quarter. Finally, we ended the fourth quarter with $25.3 million of total deferred revenue compared 
to 20.9 million ending the previous quarter. This continued build up is an indication of the growth in our service 
contract business and the ongoing expansion of our installed base. 

And with that I would like to turn it over to Aleks, who will go over our sales, marketing and clinical highlights. 

Aleks Cukic, Vice President, Business Development and Strategic Planning 

Thank you Calvin. As mentioned earlier, during the fourth quarter we sold 40 da Vinci Systems, 3 of which were da 
Vinci S Systems placed into US training centers. 31 systems were placed in North America, seven into Europe and two 
in rest-of-world markets. This brings to 394 the cumulative number of da Vinci systems worldwide: 296 in North 
America, 71 in Europe, and 27 to rest-of-world markets. Of the 40 systems placed this quarter, five were to existing da 
Vinci customers as second or third systems, which brings to 31 the number of hospitals with multiple da Vinci systems. 
Our 4th Arm sales continue to be strong. During the quarter we shipped 33 4th Arms: 30 as initial 4-arm da Vinci 
systems and three as upgrades to existing da Vinci customers. This brings to 208 the overall number of 4th Arm 
systems within our installed base. 

Clinically we had an excellent quarter. We experienced solid procedure growth, both within the US and abroad, with 
urology and gynecology showing the largest sequential growth. We participated in several tradeshows and medical 
conferences. We completed the development of the da Vinci S System. In addition, we have several da Vinci 
publications presented within peer-review journals. 

This past month, we took part in the combined ART and PACRIM conferences, which was held in Anaheim, 
California. ART, or Advanced Robotic Techniques, is a urology specific conference, which focuses on the latest 
clinical advancements in the field of robotic urologic surgery, whereas PACRIM, a multi-specialty conference, featured 
robotic cardiac surgery, general surgery, gynecology and urology. Over 300 participants representing 13 countries 
attended the combined robotic conferences, which was chaired by Dr. Ralph Clayman, Chairman of the Department of 
Urology at the University of California Irvine. There were several highlights from these conferences, specifically 
relating to outcomes data. 


At the ART Conference, several physicians presented dVP outcomes data on cancer control, continence, and potency 
rates. Included was a presentation by Dr. Ash Tewari, an Associate Professor of Urology at Cornell Medical Center. 
Dr. Tewari presented his cancer control data for his last 100 dVP patients, which showed a T2 positive margin rate of 
only 2%. This is a significant improvement over the best-in-class open prostatectomy outcomes reported to date. 

Then Dr. Tom Ahlering from the University of California Irvine reported his dVP continence outcomes, continence as 
defined by zero pads required. He showed a continence rate of 50% at one month, 75% at three months and 95% at 12 
months. These outcomes compared very well against the best-in-class open prostatectomy results. 

And finally, Dr. Mani Menon from Henry Ford Hospital presented potency data from his recent study, which was also 
published in the December edition of the Gold Journal of Urology. Dr. Menon studied two specific endpoints for 
patients undergoing a prostatic fascia-preserving da Vinci prostatectomy which were, first, the ability to perform 
intercourse at 12 months post-op; and second, the ability to achieve a normal pre-op quality erection. Regarding the 
first endpoint, Dr. Menon reported a 97% success rate, and with the second endpoint an 86% success rate. Dr. Menon 
stated, and I quote, "Patients undergoing a prostatic fascia-preserving prostatectomy had significantly better erectile 
function outcomes than patients undergoing a traditional bilateral nerve-sparing surgery without compromising cancer 
control. To our knowledge, our potency outcomes with this technique are the highest recorded to date." Close quote. 

The PACRIM conference was comprised of robotic surgery presentations, specialty specific workshops for cardiac, 
urologic, gynecologic, and general surgery, as well as six live da Vinci surgical transmissions. The live surgeries 
consisted of two da Vinci general surgery procedures, two urologic procedures, a da Vinci microvalve repair, and from 
the Mayo Clinic in Scottsdale, a da Vinci hysterectomy. I could go into great detail about all of these live cases but I 
will just summarize by saying, our surgeon customers have advanced their techniques and their clinical outcomes a 
great deal in a very short period of time. The techniques displayed in the microvalve repair, gastric bypass, da Vinci 
prostatectomy, and da Vinci hysterectomy were all state of the art and very impressive. 

In Q4 we participated in our first two GYN conferences: AAGL, which took place in Chicago; and the Mayo Clinic 
GYN Symposium which took place in Maui. As we have stated in the past the da Vinci's role in gynecology is early 
since we have received FDA clearance less than nine months ago. But we are pleased with our momentum and the 
progress we are making in addressing this large market opportunity. Dr. Javier Magrina, from the Mayo Clinic 
Scottsdale, delivered a presentation at AAGL, where he concluded that da Vinci is a better surgical tool for lymph node 
dissection for cancer related hysterectomies, providing better access to and removal of more lymph nodes compared to 
open and laparoscopic techniques. The two end points for cancer based hysterectomies are margins and the number of 
lymph nodes removed. Lymph node dissections are integral to hysterectomies for endometrial cancer, in order to 
accurately stage the disease; as well as in radical hysterectomies for cervical cancer, in order to remove the spread of 
cervical cancer into the pelvic lymph nodes. In addition, Dr. Magrina reported that his da Vinci patients leave the 
hospital the day following the surgery as compared to a three or four day length of stay for patients undergoing a 
traditional open cancer operation. 

At the Mayo Clinic GYN course in Maui, nearly one full day of a three and a half day program was devoted to da Vinci 
procedures for complex benign hysterectomies, oncologic hysterectomies, myomectomies, and pelvic floor 
reconstructions. And for those of you interested in observing a da Vinci hysterectomy, Dr. John Boggess, Program 
Director for the Division of GYN Oncology at the University of North Carolina Chapel Hill, will be performing a da 
Vinci hysterectomy for cancer live on the web on February 22 at 4 p.m. Eastern Time. And also of note, we will be 
attending the Annual Society of Gynecologic Oncology Conference, which will be held in Palm Springs, California on 
March 22 through the 26th. 

Earlier this week we attended the joint conference of the Society of Thoracic Surgery, or STS, and TechCon, which 
was held in Chicago. During Sunday's general session at TechCon, Dr. Wiley Nifong from East Carolina University 
presented the results of ECU's first 250 da Vinci mitral valve repairs. There were several favorable findings in that 
review, but perhaps the most favorable was the relationship between mitral valve repairs versus replacements within 
their practice. ECU has been known for their experience in valve surgery for a long time, but over the past few years 
their repair versus replacement rate has moved up tremendously. In 2002 ECU was repairing approximately 65% of 


their mitral valves and replacing 35%. In 2005 their repair rate was nearly 90%. 62 of the 250 repairs were either 
bileaflet or anterior leaflet repairs which are considered to be very difficult repairs and often result in replacements. Dr. 
Nifong concluded by saying, quote, "Robotic mitral valve repair may become the standard way to repair mitral valves 
in the future." Close quote. 

This concludes my update and I'll now turn the time over to Ben. 

Benjamin B. Gong, Vice President of Finance and Treasurer 

Thank you Aleks. I will be giving you guidance for our full year 2006 financial results as well as some indications for 
what we expect in the first quarter. Our 2006 financial results will be impacted by our implementation of FAS 123(R), 
or option expensing, which will make comparisons to previous years more challenging. I will first provide a forecast 
which excludes the impact of FAS 123(R) and then give you our estimate of stock option expenses separately. 

Starting with revenue, we continue to see growth in overall demand for our products driven by the growth in 
procedures performed with the da Vinci system. We expect total revenue to grow 25 to 35% above our 2005 revenue. 
Recurring revenues are expected to grow faster with instrument and accessory revenues increasing 45 to 55% above 
2005 levels. Service revenues are expected to grow 35% to 37%. System revenues are the most difficult to predict. 
However, we are estimating that system revenues will grow 15 to 25%. With regard to the first quarter, total revenues 
are expected to be seasonally lower than the fourth quarter of 2005 as it has been in previous years. Furthermore, with 
the introduction of the new da Vinci S System, we expect some delays in purchasing decisions among our customers 
leading to lower system sales. Nevertheless, we continue to expect sequential growth in recurring revenues driven by 
procedure growth and growth in service revenues. 

Moving on to gross profit margin, we expect our gross margins to decrease in the near term as we've not yet produced 
our da Vinci S systems and instruments in volume and we need to invest in service parts for the da Vinci S line. Overall 
gross margin percentage is expected to come in at 64% to 65% in Q1 and steadily increase throughout the year 
recovering to the high 60s by the end of the year. For the year in total we expect gross margins to average between 65% 
and 67%. 

With regard to operating expense, we are continuing to build the organization in all areas, emphasizing growth in our 
sales and support functions. For the year, we are planning to grow total operating expenses 30% to 35%. As we have 
done in the past, we will modulate our operating expense growth depending on how our revenues grow during the 
course of the year. For the first quarter we expect total operating expenses to be about the same as they were in the 
fourth quarter of 2005, with increases in R&D spending offset by decreases in SG&A expense. 

Once again, the forecast I have just reviewed excludes the impact of stock option expenses. Starting in Q1, we will be 
reporting stock option expenses within our income statement. Based on our current stock price, we estimate our 2006 
stock option expense to be between 21 million and $28 million, which is broken down as follows: 4 to $5.5 million of 
this expense will be booked as cost of sales, decreasing our gross profit margin by 1 to 2%. 4 to 5.5 million of this 
expense is expected to be booked in R&D expense; and 13 to 17 million is expected to be booked as SG&A expense. 
As a reminder, these will all be non-cash expenses. As we report our results in 2006, we will break out the stock option 
expense from the rest of our income statement. 

With regard to income tax we recognized a large gain related to our deferred tax asset in the fourth quarter which 
resulted in a negative tax rate for 2005. I would like to remind you that this $24 million benefit is a non-recurring, 
non-cash accounting entry. Going forward we anticipate reporting a tax rate between 36% and 42% on our income 
statement. It is important to note that our reported tax rate for 2006 will be significantly different than our actual cash 
tax expenditures. For tax payment purposes, we will continue to use our previous net operating loss carry forwards to 
offset the majority of our income taxes incurred in 2006. The difference between what we report on our income 
statement and what we actually pay will be reflected on our balance sheet and cash flow statements. 


Regarding shares outstanding, we currently have 36.2 million shares outstanding and 4 million shares that could be 
added to the diluted share formula depending on our average stock price. To provide you with a range of what the 
diluted share count for EPS calculations may be in Q1, a 25% change in our current stock price would result in a 
diluted share count as low as 38.7 million shares or as high as 39.1 million shares. 

With regard to certain cash flow items, we expect depreciation and amortization to be approximately $10 million in 
2006, and capital expenditures to be approximately $15 million. In addition, all FAS 123(R) stock option expense will 
be added back in our cash flow statement. 

Finally, I would like to update you on one additional item, our goal for the da Vinci prostatectomy penetration going 
into 2005 was to exit the year with a penetration run rate of at least 20% of all prostatectomies performed in United 
States, based on our estimate of 90,000 prostatectomies in the US. We did in fact meet this goal. Our objective for 2006 
is to exit the year at a run rate of at least 35%. 

That concludes my update and I will now turn the time back over to Lonnie. 

Lonnie M. Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer 

That concludes our prepared remarks and we will now open the call to your specific questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Tom Gunderson of Piper Jaffray. 

<Q - Thomas Gunderson>: Hi, I guess the first question is on da Vinci and da Vinci S. I understand, I believe I 
understand how this is working out in the near term, but Lonnie, do you expect that you would have dual inventories 
two to three years from now or does everything switch over to da Vinci S over time? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: It's the current plan to produce both systems and we have a very large installed base out there of 
the standard da Vinci and I suspect that both demand for that product as well as our need to support it will exist for a 
long time and we continue and plan to continue to develop and provide enhancements to that system to our current 
installed base as well as new customers. 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: Yeah, I think also, Thomas, it is important to point out that our installed base is nearly 400 
systems in da Vinci. So the majority of our recurring revenues are going to be derived from this system for at least the 
next few years and with respect to instrument development and continued enhancements, it's very important for us to 
continue to make those operations as surgeon and patient friendly as we can. So our plans are to continue to do that. 

<Q - Thomas Gunderson>: And – I am sorry, every instrument is different for the S – from the standard? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: The instrument endo-factors in terms of the actual grasping, cutting, etcetera, are the same. But 
one of the features of the new system is it has longer instrumentation which should provide for a better access to hard to 
reach places. But in terms of the instruments themselves, in terms of their functionality, they will be very similar 
between one system and the other. 

<Q - Thomas Gunderson>: Okay. And then Aleks, you mentioned gynecology along with urology to the exclusion of 
a lot of the others. Is gynecology – are we at a position now where gynecology is the next big app or is it still too early 
to tell? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: It's still too early to tell. What we can say is that we are increasing the user base within 
gynecology and learning a great deal about it. It is a very attractive market in terms of its size and we are starting to get 
some early reports on, especially from the oncology groups in terms of da Vinci's benefits to serve cancer operations so 


we will continue to support and follow that very closely but it's too early to tell what that overall size will be. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: But today we – since approval we've seen excellent growth in that area. 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: Absolutely. 

<Q - Thomas Gunderson>: Okay and then last question in this group. Cash, you've told us about CapEx and some of 
the other but do you have any sense of the use of cash going forward as you start to generate more and more, short of 
buying a share of AOL or something? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: Well, I think that we'll continue to use the cash to build the business and we're not ready to run 
out and buy something that will divert us from what is a huge market opportunity in terms of penetrating and building 
in this space. But as we mentioned, we licensed some new patents from IBM. We will continue to do licensing, and we 
bought the building that gives us expansion room for both manufacturing, engineering as well as the rest of our 
operations and so right now our focus is totally on developing robotic surgery and penetrating each of the specific 
applications as deeply as we can. So, we are very circumspect in terms of what technology will assist in doing that, and 
that's the way we use the money. 

<Q - Thomas Gunderson>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Your next question comes from Rick Wise of Bear Stearns. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Good afternoon. Lonnie, a couple of things. First of all, can you talk a little bit more about 
your guidance for '06? You guys have done a good job of being conservative over the years and I would assume that it 
still is the case. Maybe especially in terms of systems placements which I suspect some will be disappointed that it's not 
even more aggressive. Can you talk a little bit about your more restrained growth guidance there? Is this – do you think 
it's going to take three to six months for folks to make a decision or push out decisions on da Vinci S? Is this, just you 
have a larger base out. Just help us understand where the numbers came from. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: I'll let Ben answer that, but we don't have as I have said on other calls and I'll say on this call 
again, we don't have a perfect crystal ball. We didn't anticipate the kind of growth we had last quarter. Demand is – the 
pipeline is strong, we feel good about things but when it happens we will be fully comfortable describing it, but right 
now we would rather guide you to what we think is a realistic number rather than promise pie in the sky. So I will let 
Ben go further on this. 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: Yeah, my comment on that Rick is, as we have said in the past the recurring revenues are 
something that we are very comfortable in predicting and so those ranges are much more solid. As you've already 
singled out, what's harder for us to predict is the system revenue growth and as I mentioned there is going to be some 
delays on some purchasing decisions in the near term, because as a reminder, a lot of our buyers have a six to nine 
month buying cycle and by inserting now a new system that they potentially now want to buy at a higher price, it could 
delay some of those purchasing decisions. But as Lonnie said, we set expectations based off of what we realistically 
think we can achieve. And as a reminder, I think at this time last year we had predicted a 20 to 30% growth, and now 
we certainly recognize that we've come off a pretty high growth year and are forecasting a 25 to 35% growth for this 
year. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Okay. And in terms of, Ben, gross margins; again, can you give us a little more color on the 
mix factors, both in the quarter and in going forward, and the role in your guidance that the da Vinci S plays? I mean, it 
is higher prices, is it just manufacturing, initial from optimal manufacturing issues that are part of the variance here? 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: Yeah, I guess there's two things to point out. One is, as Calvin was mentioning, the ASPs are 
mix dependent and we try to explain as best as we could that it was 890,000 ASP this quarter versus 950 in the prior 
quarter, but it was also 890 in the second quarter and pricing was pretty constant throughout that time period. Regional 
mix can also have some impact on it. But in terms of da Vinci S, the gross margin percentage on da Vinci S, not 


surprisingly, is going to be lower than the standard da Vinci system at least in the near term, and as we are ramping up 
volume, we have not yet been buying materials in large quantities, and also we have not been producing in large 
quantities. So it's going to take us a little while to get those efficiencies that you saw us achieve with the standard da 
Vinci system. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Okay. And just one last one, maybe this is for Aleks. Can you give us some flavor of what the 
number of gynecology procedures in the quarter or what kind of mix gynecology represented as a percentage of the 
whole? How do we think about the contribution, also the new indications generally, perhaps Aleks? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: Yeah, if you look at the overall mix, urology remains the largest segment followed by 
cardiothoracic and general surgery and then gynecology but if you look at the growth rates, gynecology is coming up 
pretty quickly. So it is something that we're watching very closely but it is as we speak the fourth segment but the 
fastest growing in terms of percentage. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Your next question comes from Tao Levy of Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Hey, good afternoon everyone. Just a couple of quick questions here. I was wondering if you could 
help me understand how you get the sales force motivated. You just came off a monster quarter and a monster year and 
you guys just made a lot of money in the fourth quarter. How do you get them excited to go and attack a new year with 
probably higher targets especially heading into the first quarter? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: Well, I think there are two aspects, there is a system side and there is a procedure side. But the 
primary motivation is the same thing that motivated them this year and that is it's both a motivation to really take 
something forward that is – that changes surgery and changes people's lives and the other one is significant financial 
reward. One of the things that we have done this year is that we have, in sales we had MAX World, which a lot of 
Porsches around and those that are in the top categories will get a Porsche, at leased Porsche for a year. So it is a very 
visible, these are highly motivated people, highly goal oriented, but I don't want to ever diminish just how strongly this 
entire organization feels about what we are doing in terms of improving the surgical outcomes for patients, and that 
motivation has nothing to do with – we are coming off a great year, or I mean clearly – it makes them feel great that we 
are making huge progress, but they are motivated to serve their customers and to serve the patients that our customers 
care for. So I think that we don't have a problem with motivation around this organization. The other way is that if you 
don't perform, you won't be here very long. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Fair enough. And Aleks, I was wondering if you can maybe again touch on gynecology. I mean if we 
go back a couple of years ago when prostate was just, when the dVP was just developing, I mean how, and you look 
back and looking at gynecology now, are there similarities that you're seeing in terms of enthusiasm by the folks that 
are just recently getting trained on the system in gynecology? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: This is what I can say. As a reminder, the urology approval from the FDA came in May of 2001 
and it wasn't really until the middle of 2003 where we really hit a growth spurt, and why that day, or why that period 
and it was really the peer review data that was just starting to come out and a couple of seminal papers and probably 
Dr. Menon's paper of note. And so when you look at the similarities, you see a lot of people that have been operating 
with a similar technique for a long time that are looking to take this procedure minimally invasive. And then you start 
to dissect down the endpoints that they are trying to manage and in the case of oncology, it might be margins or total 
lymph nodes, and as people start to build case experience these things tend to present themselves in a favorable light 
and then they start collecting data and move it toward peer review journals etcetera, etcetera. We are aware of people 
who are working on these things, but it's too early to say what the overall comparison will be between the specialty and 
urology. But there are some similarities and there are some of the same challenges, optimizing instruments, making 
sure we have the procedure in a teachable, repeatable manner at our training centers, and the great proctor network. We 


have been through it before, we learned a lot and I think it will be very helpful this time too. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Okay. And Ben on the R&D side, this fourth quarter it came actually a tad lower than what we were 
looking for. Going forward, I know you guys want to spend a little bit more in R&D and there is a lot of neat projects 
that you guys can do. But is this – between the four and five, is that the right level? I mean, I don't how easy it is to 
really ramp up R&D. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: Let me address that a little bit first. You can measure R&D by the amount of money you spend 
or you measure it by what you accomplish. And I think we talked about this before. We run at – I mean a lot of 
companies spend a lot of money in R&D and nothing comes out. We run small teams; there is no place to hide all those 
teams. We have exceptional people. We prioritize the things we do and the things we focus on and we I think had 
extraordinary efficiency and extraordinary performance out of our engineering and R&D group. And so I don't measure 
it out on what we spend ex-percentage of revenue. I really don't believe in averages of industry because we're not an 
average company nor do we ever intend to become one. 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: The only thing I would like to add to that Tao is I did indicate earlier that there is going to be 
some additional investments in R&D and so we are definitely going to be making some investments there. So, you can 
expect that those expenses will increase in 2006. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Okay, great. Thank you very much guys, great quarter. 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: Okay. 

Operator 

Thank you. Your next question comes from Ryan Rauch of Jefferies and Company. 

<Q - Ryan Rauch>: Yeah, good afternoon. Great quarter. Just a handful of quick questions. Maybe Aleks, did you sell 
any units to any sub specialty group outside of urology, meaning that actually made the purchase decision themselves? 
I know you do a lot of joint decisions between urology and cardiology, but was there any sub specialty that made a 
decision outside of urology and do you expect more of that going forward? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: You know Ryan, I think the challenge there is to really dissect out the influencers. In other words, 
I would answer it this way: that we continue to have different groups as the leaders of the purchase but it is very hard to 
exclude any of the groups these days because there is so much interest from other groups. And so yes, we did have 
cardiac groups that were the leaders and call it urology perhaps as a supporting group, and you have had the reciprocal 
of that. And now with gynecology and even some of the general surgery people weighing in heavier, that mix continues 
to be the way we want it and that's the multi-system sale, a multi-specialty sale. 

<Q - Ryan Rauch>: What has been the initial feedback on the da Vinci S? I mean, we have talked to a few cardiac 
surgeons who seem really excited about it based predominantly on the range of motion. We have spoken to few smaller 
hospitals who think that it could actually help them purchase the device where they couldn't before because the set up 
time is greatly reduced and they think it will be more cost effective. Just generally or anecdotally, what's the feedback 
from the field you are getting from the da Vinci S? Are they similar to those couple of comments that I made? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: You know it's really early. We have limited experience since we only have a few systems in our 
training centers, but I can say that the early results of the features that were reviewed by the surgeons, let's say at STS 
last week where we really featured it, were favorable, for many the reasons you called out. There is an easier set up, 
there is instrument exchange advantages, and the multi-quadrant access seems to be important to certain groups as does 
the interactive video displays. But it's really early with respect to anything concrete that we can add to that. We will be 
watching it and are watching it very closely and are very encouraged about what we've seen thus far. 

<Q - Ryan Rauch>: Okay great and then, usually you don't give a specific number, but what was the ASP per 
procedure? I think, I mean was it roughly in that 1700 range again or how should we look at that? 


<A - Calvin Darling>: Yeah this is Calvin. We don't give a specific numbers on that, but we have seen that steadily 
growing through the course of the year and as we have placed a large number of systems this year, when you throw in 
the initial orders related to the system purchases, we are in the 2000 to 2500 range all in at this stage. 

<Q - Ryan Rauch>: Okay, great, congratulations again. Have a good afternoon. 

<A>: Thanks. 

<Q - Ryan Rauch>: You are welcome. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from David Kim of Citadel Group. 

<Q - David Kim>: Hi, good afternoon guys. Congratulations on a nice quarter. I just wanted to clarify the da Vinci S 
placements. If I heard you correctly, I think you mentioned that three systems were placed in training centers. Can you 
just – what kind of training systems were those and how are those revenues recognized? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: From the training centers, those were to my knowledge multi-specialty training. But in terms of 
the revenue I will defer that to Ben. But – Ben, with regard to the revenue recognition on da Vinci S... 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: There is actually nothing special about revenue recognition on da Vinci S. By and large it's 
treated the same way as the standard da Vinci System. The installation is actually no different. 

<Q - David Kim>: Okay. But specifically the fact that they were sold to training centers, what does that mean exactly? 
And how are those selling prices or sales treated differently, if it all? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: The thing you want to keep in mind, David, is when you go into a launch, which we are doing this 
quarter with the da Vinci S, you need to get a few placements out there to help in the training that is going to be 
required after this quarter. And so getting those out there was our objective in a very limited base to build that 
experience base so we can have some assistance in the training of more customers after we get into a full launch. So 
aside from that, there is really nothing different to note on this one. 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: Yeah. And we don't actually – just for confidentiality reasons expose the sales price of any of 
our particular sales. 

<Q - David Kim>: Okay. Thanks guys. 

Lonnie M. Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer 

That's the last question for today. We thank you for joining us. As I said before, we had a strong quarter. We shipped 
40 da Vinci surgical systems, up from 25 in the last year. Total revenue grew to 72.1 million, up 60% from the fourth 
quarter of 2004. Recurring revenue grew to 30.8 million, up 70% from the prior year, and we've generated an operating 
profit of 23.5 million, up 116% from the fourth quarter of last year. EBITDA for the quarter grew to 25.3 million or 
35.1% of total revenue and we ended the quarter with 203 million in cash. 

As I have previously stated we believe that the adoption of our technology will be driven by surgical procedure, starting 
with those procedures where you currently provide compelling surgical capability and patient value. We continue to 
work with our surgeon customers to identify and drive those procedures while expanding the surgical capability of our 
products, so that their use is compelling for the patient, surgeon, and hospital in an ever increasing number of surgical 
procedures. We believe that the da Vinci S is a significant step in that process. We are dedicated to taking surgical 
precision and technique beyond the limits for human hands. We remain committed, managing within realistic financial 
constraints, focusing on the vital few things that will truly make a difference, and driving future investment priorities 
based upon clinical need and economic return. Our priorities remain first superior products, customer service and 


patient outcomes; second, consistent revenue and operating income growth, and third and finally, a results driven 
company culture in which we measure ourselves by our accomplishments. 

That concludes today's call. We thank you for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


