Q3 2006 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Sarah Norton, Investor Relations 
• Lonnie M. Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Marshall L. Mohr, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Aleks Cukic, Vice President, Business Development and Strategic Planning 
• Benjamin Gong, Vice President, Finance and Treasurer 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Hello and welcome to the Intuitive Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Today's 
teleconference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, you may disconnect at this time. 

I would now like to turn the meeting over to today's host, Ms. Sarah Norton of Investor Relations. Ma'am you may 
begin. 

Sarah Norton, Investor Relations 

Good afternoon and welcome to Intuitive Surgical's Third Quarter Conference Call. With me today we have Lonnie 
Smith, our President and CEO; Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer; Ben Gong, our Vice President of Finance 
and Treasurer; and Aleks Cukic, our Vice President of Business Development and Strategic Planning. 

Before we begin, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today's call may be deemed to contain 
forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied as a result of certain 
risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in the Company's Securities and Exchange 
Commission filings. Prospective investors are cautioned to not place undue reliance on such forward-looking 
statements. 

Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website at www.intuitivesurgical.com on 
the Audio Archives section under our Investor Relations page. In addition, today's press release has been posted to our 
website. 

Today's format will consist of providing you with highlights of our third quarter, as described in our press release 
announced earlier today, followed by a question and answer session. First, Lonnie will present the quarter's business 
highlights. Marshall will follow with a review of our third quarter's financial results. Next, Aleks will discuss sales and 
marketing highlights. Then, Ben will review our updated financial forecast for 2006, and finally we will host a question 
and answer session. 

With that, I would like to introduce Lonnie Smith, our President and CEO. 

Lonnie M. Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you for joining us today. Highlights for the third quarter are as follows. Total revenue grew to $96 million, up 
57% from the prior year. Recurring revenue grew to 43 million, up 59% from the prior year, comprising 45% of total 
revenue. We shipped 46 da Vinci Surgical Systems. Four of those sales involved an upgrade from a Standard da Vinci 


to a da Vinci S, for a net of 42 systems added to our worldwide installed base. We ended the third quarter with 509 da 
Vinci systems installed worldwide. 

Our gross profit margin, before non-cash 123R stock option expenses, declined to 66%, from 69.2% in the third quarter 
of 2005, as a result of: (1) a write-off of obsolete instrument inventory; (2) a step-up in overhead expenses associated 
with expansion of our manufacturing facility and added head count; and (3) the system upgrade transactions. 

We generated an operating profit, before stock option expense, of 33 million, up 55% from 2005. Our net income for 
the quarter, before stock-option expense, was 22 million or $0.57 per share, up 59% using a full tax rate for both years. 

EBITDA grew to 35 million for the third quarter, and 97 million year-to-date, or 37% of revenue. EBITDA excludes 
non-cash stock option expense. We believe that EBITDA is the best indicator of our actual economic performance. We 
ended the third quarter with 292 million in cash and investments, up 48 million from last quarter and 90 million 
year-to-date. 

Urology and gynecology continue to be our primary growth drivers, with the growth of the da Vinci Hysterectomy 
procedures continuing to demonstrate a high correlation with our adoption curve model. Our international team 
continued to deliver excellent performance, with nine systems shipped to customers outside the United States. 12 of the 
42 incremental system shipments went to existing da Vinci accounts as second, third or fourth systems. 

We completed the expansion of our manufacturing operations at 950 Kifer Road, and are now in the process of 
expanding our product development and engineering space at that facility. Our new customer training facility at 1266 
Kifer will become operational this quarter. 

The true economic horsepower of our business is demonstrated by our ability to increase cash by $90 million while 
funding 68% revenue growth year-to-date. 

With that, I'll pass the time over to Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer. 

Marshall L. Mohr, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Lonnie. Total third quarter revenue increased to $95.8 million, up 57% from 60.9 million for the third 
quarter of 2005, and up 10% from 87 million for the second quarter of 2006. Third quarter revenues by product 
category were as follows. System revenues increased to 52.4 million, up 56% compared with 33.6 million last year, and 
up 9% compared with 48.1 million last quarter. Instrument and accessory revenue increased to 29 million, up 60% 
compared with 18.1 million last year and 11% compared with 26.1 million last quarter. Service and training revenue 
increased to 14.4 million, up 57% compared with 9.2 million last year, and up 13% compared with 12.8 million last 
quarter. 

Third quarter da Vinci Surgical System revenue reflected 46 total systems placed, including four da Vinci S Systems 
upgraded from da Vinci Standard Systems. Net of the upgrades, the 42 systems sold in the quarter compares with 30 
systems sold during the third quarter of last year, and compares with 39 systems sold last quarter. 41 of the 46 systems 
placed during the quarter were S models, and the remainder were 4-arm standard systems. 12 of the systems were to 
repeat customers, compared to 6 to repeat customers in the previous quarter. Three of the 4-arm standard systems sold 
during the quarter represented refurbished units. 

The upgrade transactions were individually negotiated as an accommodation to our customers and provide incremental 
revenue to the Company. We also have been able to sell refurbished standard systems to price-sensitive customers 
without sacrificing new product revenue. We continue to see demand for da Vinci Standard Systems, and some repeat 
customers utilize both Standard and S systems. 

Systems revenue increased on a sequential basis by 4.3 million, reflecting the increase in the number of systems placed. 
Our third quarter average revenue per system, including all da Vinci models, but excluding 4th arm upgrades, was 1.12 
million, which is approximately 80,000 less than the average revenue per system in the second quarter of 2006. The 
lower average revenue per system reflects the upgrade transactions and refurbished units sold. We also sold three 4th 


arm upgrades, compared to six in the previous quarter. The average revenue for our 4th arm upgrade is approximately 
$175,000. 

Instrument and accessory revenue increased on a sequential basis by 11%, driven by a higher installed base of da Vinci 
Systems and a continued increase in the number of procedures performed per system. Growth in procedures masked 
what is otherwise a seasonally slow quarter. We continue to realize between 1500 and 2000 per procedure for 
established da Vinci accounts, while total instrument and accessory revenue per procedure continues to be between 
2000 and 2500 per procedure, reflecting initial instrument and accessory purchases for newly installed systems. 

Total service and training revenue increased on a sequential basis by 13%. This growth was primarily driven by 
additional service contract revenue associated with additional system sales, as well as higher contract prices associated 
with da Vinci S Systems. 

Total third quarter recurring revenue, comprised of instrument, accessory, service and training revenue, increased to 

43.4 million, up 59% compared with the third quarter of 2005, and up 12% compared with the second quarter of 2006. 
Recurring revenue represented 45% of total third quarter revenue. 
During the first quarter, in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No.123R, we began to record 
stock compensation expense for the estimated value of employee stock options and stock purchases. The resulting third 
quarter compensation expense was 7 million, compared with 6.5 million in the second quarter. 1.1 million of the 
current quarter expense was charged to cost of goods sold, 4.4 million was charged to SG&A expense, and 1.5 million 
was charged to R&D. The stock compensation expense recorded to date is entirely non-cash in nature. 

In addition to our income statement prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, we 
provide non-GAAP information in the form of pro forma income statement information that excludes the impact of 
stock option expenses as well as EBITDA data. We believe that pro forma income statement information and EBITDA 
data enhances the user's overall understanding of our financial performance, as they better reflect the economic 
performance of our business and provide investors with a tool to compare our results to prior periods. Throughout this 
call, we make references in comparisons to GAAP, pro forma and EBITDA results. 

Our pro forma third quarter 2006 gross margin of 66% is lower than the 68.9% realized in the second quarter. The 
decrease primarily reflects: a $700,000 charge for obsolete inventory, as we continued to improve our instruments; the 
step-up in fixed costs which we predicted in our previous earnings call; and the impact of upgrades previously 
mentioned. 

Total pro forma operating expenses for the third quarter of 2006 were 30.7 million, up 6% compared with the second 
quarter of 2006. The increase reflects increased head count, infrastructure costs, and direct selling costs associated with 
higher sales volumes. We added 35 employees during the quarter, ending the period with 521 regular employees; a 
majority of the additions were to our worldwide sales and support and manufacturing organizations. 

Third quarter 2006 pro forma operating income was 32.6 million, or 34% of sales, compared with 31 million, or 35.6% 
of sales, for the second quarter of 2006. On a GAAP basis, including the 7 million of stock compensation expense, third 
quarter 2006 operating income was 25.7 million, or 26.8% of sales. 

Our third quarter 2006 other income of 3.1 million decreased compared with 3.3 million in the second quarter of 2006, 
as the second quarter included approximately $700,000 of foreign exchange gains, which are partially offset by interest 
earned on higher cash and investment balances. 

Our effective pro forma tax rate for the third quarter was 39.4%, which is consistent with the rate recorded to date in 
2006. However, we continued to utilize net loss carryforwards in 2006, and expect our cash outlay as a percentage of 
pre-tax income for 2006 will be less than 6%. 

Our pro forma net income, on a fully taxed basis, was 21.7 million, or $0.57 per share, compared with 21.1 million, or 
$0.55 per share, for the second quarter of 2006. Our GAAP net income, fully taxed and including stock compensation 
expense, was 17.3 million, or $0.45 per share, compared with 16.7 million, or $0.44 per share, for the second quarter of 
2006. 


Let me quickly summarize the results for the first nine months of 2006. Total revenue for the first nine months of this 
year was 260.1 million, up 68% compared with 155.2 million last year. Pro forma operating income for the first 9 
months of this year was 90.4 million, up 100% compared with 45.3 million last year. Pro forma net income for the first 
nine months of this year was 60.3 million, or $1.58 per share, up 35.2% compared with 44.6 million, or $1.19 per share, 
last year. As indicated earlier, this year's pro forma results include a full tax rate. 

And finally, GAAP net income for the first nine months of this year was 48.4 million, or $1.27 per share, compared to 

44.6 million, or $1.19 per share, last year. Also as indicated earlier, this year's GAAP results include stock 
compensation charges amounting to 18.5 million at a full tax rate. 
Now turning our attention to the balance sheet. We ended the third quarter of 2006 with cash, cash equivalents and 
investments of 292.3 million, up 48.5 million from the previous quarter-end. We continued to generate significant cash 
flow throughout this period of rapid growth. EBITDA, excluding stock option expense, was 35.2 million and 97.3 
million for the third quarter and nine months ended September 30, respectively. Our accounts receivable balance 
increased to 71.7 million at September 30, 2006, from 70.5 million at June 30, 2006. The increase was primarily due to 
higher revenue, partially offset by increased collections. Our net inventory decreased to 22.3 million at September 30, 
2006, from 24.6 million at June 30, 2006, reflecting improvements in inventory management. Our inventory turns at 
September 30, 2006 were 5.8, compared with 4.4 turns at the end of the previous quarter. 

And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Aleks, who will go over our sales, marketing and clinical highlights. 

Aleks Cukic, Vice President, Business Development and Strategic Planning 

Thank you, Marshall. During the third quarter, we shipped 46 da Vinci Systems. Four of these were customer upgrades 
from Standard da Vinci to da Vinci S Systems. 41 of the 46 total shipments were da Vinci S Systems, and five were 
standard 4-arm da Vinci Systems. 37 systems were placed in the US, 6 into Europe, and 3 into rest of world markets. 
The 42 net new systems sold during the quarter brings to 509 the cumulative number of da Vinci Systems worldwide: 
390 in North America, 86 in Europe, and 33 in rest of world markets. 12 of the 42 new systems sold during the quarter 
were sold as second, third or fourth system sales. This brings to 52 the number of hospitals with multiple da Vinci 
systems. 

The University of Pennsylvania, an existing da Vinci customer, purchased its second, third and fourth da Vinci Systems 
during the quarter to become the first hospital with four da Vinci Systems. The University of Pennsylvania has laid out 
plans to become a major multi-specialty Robotics Center, with programs in urology, GYN, cardiac, thoracic and 
general surgery. They will also explore new surgical areas which are today outside of our target area. William 
Beaumont Medical Center, located outside of Detroit, purchased their second and third da Vinci systems, to become 
our 10th customer with three or more systems. Outside the US, we had an excellent quarter, with nine system sales, 
which included our seventh da Vinci in the UK and our first into both mainland China and Greece. 

Clinically, we had another strong quarter. In what is seasonally a slow quarter, we showed solid sequential procedure 
growth. Once again, gynecology, led by da Vinci Hysterectomy, showed the largest sequential percentage growth, 
followed by urology, led by dVP. 

Adding to our clinical success in Q3 were 53 da Vinci-related clinical publications, which appeared in various journals 
within all targeted specialties. We took part in seven important conferences during the quarter, including four which 
were devoted exclusively to robotic surgery. These new robotic surgical societies and conferences are a great venue 
from which to share clinical advancements and procedure enhancements. The rapid expansion of these robotic societies 
has been impressive. 

The World Congress of Endourology, which took place in August, featured 150 da Vinci-related presentation, 
compared to 40 last year. Presentations this year included: da Vinci Prostatectomy, nephrectomy, cystectomy, 
pyeloplasty, and ureter reimplantation. 


Singling out one presentation that best captures today's dVP trend is difficult, but I'll try. The group from Rochester 
General Hospital delivered a presentation entitled "Conversion from Open to Robotic-Assisted Radical Prostatectomy 
is Associated With a Reduction of Positive Surgical Margins Amongst Private Practice-Based Urologists." The title 
may give away the conclusion, but the result of the clinical series was impressive nonetheless. Two surgeons from 
RGH compared positive margins rates between their last 50 open prostatectomies to their last 50 dVPs. Surgeon 1 
reported a reduction in positive T2 margins from 36.6% in open prostatectomy to 5.7% with his dVPs. Surgeon 2 
reported a reduction in his series from 27.5% for his open prostatectomy to 8% for his dVPs. The significant 
improvement in reported cancer control within the private practice community hospital setting is a large contributor to 
dVP's overall success. Our da Vinci customers continue to deliver tremendous patient value to this rapidly growing 
base of cancer patients. 

At the Advanced Robotic Techniques Conference, Drs. Michael Cook and J. Smith reported a significant decline in 
positive T2 margin rates within their large academic practices. Dr. Cook, Professor and Chairman of the Department of 
Urology at Indiana University, reported that in a comparison of his last 50 open prostatectomies to his last 50 dVPs, 
positive T2 margins decreased from 10.7% to 3.5%. Dr. Smith, Professor and Chairman of the Department of Urology 
at Vanderbilt University, compared his last 100 dVPs to his reported series of nearly 3,000 open prostatectomies, and 
reported a positive T2 margin rate improvement from 14% to 4.9%. Consistency in reported cancer control outcomes 
between academic and community hospital settings bodes very well for da Vinci's and dVP's continued expansion 
within all urology practice segments. 

Our GYN platform continues to grow stronger each quarter. da Vinci Hysterectomy, Myomectomy and Sacral 
Colpopexy have displayed excellent early momentum. Leading indicators, such as training requests, physician case 
observations, and proctored first cases remain high. We now estimate that our da Vinci Hysterectomy run rate, exiting 
2006, within our US target market of 250,000, will exceed 2%. 

New GYN case volume at our existing da Vinci accounts leads to greater system utilization, which in turn accelerates 
the need for second system purchases. This was certainly the case surrounding our strong second system sales in Q3. 

We have also seen an increase in the number of women's health initiatives and GYN patient awareness campaigns that 
prominently feature da Vinci procedures. Hospitals are beginning to recognize that minimally invasive therapies for 
complex GYN operations can be a powerful tool for attracting new patients. We would expect this trend to continue 
and even accelerate in the future. 

The Association of Advanced Gynecologic Laparoscopy, or AAGL, will be holding their annual conference in Las 
Vegas from November 7th through the 9th. We are encouraged by the fact that the scientific presentations will feature 
several which are da Vinci related. In the general session, the AAGL will be presenting a live da Vinci Hysterectomy 
with parametrial uretal dissection. Dr. Javier Magrina from the Mayo Clinic will be the operating surgeon. We will also 
have a da Vinci System at our booth for surgeon test drives. 

Within the area of cardiothoracic surgery, we continue to make progress, specifically with da Vinci Mitral Valve 
Repair and da Vinci Revascularization procedures. Dr. Doug Murphy, Chief of Cardiac Surgery at Atlanta's St. 
Joseph's Hospital, authored a paper entitled "Endoscopic Mitral Valve Surgery", which was published in the October 
edition of the Journal of Thoracic and Cardiovascular Surgery, and in it, he reported on his retrospective analysis of 
127 da Vinci Mitral Valve patients with varying degrees of mitral valve disease. In his series, he reported a 95% repair 
rate versus a 5% replacement rate, which is pretty impressive when you consider that the national average for open 
surgery is approximately 50/50. Dr. Murphy attributes a large part of his success to da Vinci, which provides him with: 
improved surgical access, enhanced dexterity, and his ability to see better than he could using traditional technique. 
"The lateral technique", he describes in his peer-reviewed paper, "has now made its way into most of our da Vinci 
Mitral Valve Repair programs". 

da Vinci revascularization has also been refined. Some of you may have seen the OR-Live episode where Dr. Sudhir 
Srivastava from Odessa, Texas completed a da Vinci LIMA-to-LAD revascularization procedure. Dr. Srivastava has 
developed a technique which includes the use of the Medtronic U-Clips during his anastamosis. The da Vinci – U-Clip 
combination has simplified the operation immensely, while shortening the OR time. This technique has caught the 


attention of several leading centers around the world, which are evaluating the concept of a hybrid revascularization 
procedure. There is a growing population of cardiac specialists, which include both cardiologists and cardiac surgeons, 
that believe a combination of an MIS LIMA-to-LAD bypass, combined with an intravascular cardiac stenting regimen, 
may provide the patient with the most efficacious MIS coronary revascularization procedure. 

At the European Association for Cardio-thoracic Surgery in September, our booth was especially active with requests 
for da Vinci test drives as well as information surrounding Dr. Srivastava's revascularization technique. Although this 
procedure concept is not new, we are pleased by the growing clinical interest that surrounds it. 

That concludes my update, and I'll now turn the time over to Ben. 

Benjamin Gong, Vice President, Finance and Treasurer 

Thank you, Aleks. I will now provide our updated financial outlook for the balance of 2006. Consistent with the format 
of our previous calls, I will first present our forecast for pro forma results, excluding the impact of FAS 123R, and then 
give you our estimate of stock compensation expenses separately. 

Based on our recent third quarter results, we are increasing our previous guidance for revenue and profits for 2006. 
Regarding revenue, on our last call, we indicated that we expected 2006 annual revenue to grow between 50 and 55% 
over 2005. We are now targeting our total 2006 revenues to grow between 58 and 60% over 2005. We expect all of our 
revenue segments to grow more than we had previously forecast. 

In the area of system sales, we had previously forecasted our revenues to grow between 48 and 52% above 2005 levels. 
We now estimate that system revenue will grow between 57 and 60% above 2005. 

As Marshall mentioned, we realized a blended average selling price on systems of $1.12 million during the third 
quarter, excluding the 4th arm upgrades. The impact of upgrade transactions and the sale of refurbished systems caused 
our average selling price per system to decrease from earlier quarters this year. Our ASP has fluctuated in the past, and 
will likely continue to fluctuate in the future quarters, due to regional and systems mix. For the purpose of giving our 
forecast, we have assumed that the average selling price stays about the same as it was in the third quarter. 

Now with regard to our recurring revenues, in our last earnings call, we had forecasted our instrument and accessory 
revenues to grow between 58 and 62% above our 2005 total. We are increasing our forecast for this revenue segment to 
grow between 62 and 64% above 2005. Likewise, we are also raising our estimate for 2006 service revenue. We are 
now estimating our service and training revenue to grow approximately 55% above 2005, compared with our previous 
forecast of 48 to 52%. 

With regard to gross profit margin, our third quarter gross margin percentage was lower than in previous quarters due 
to a few factors, including: a one-time write-off of obsolete instrument inventory; the lower ASPs from upgrade 
transactions; and finally, the addition of fixed costs in our manufacturing and training areas, which we had mentioned 
in our previous calls. 

We do not expect additional inventory write-offs this year, and as our revenues increase, we expect to leverage some of 
the fixed cost additions we made in the third quarter. As a result, we expect a sequential improvement in gross margin 
percentage of approximately 1% during the fourth quarter. For the year, we expect overall pro forma gross margin to be 
between 67 and 68%. As a reminder, this excludes the impact of stock option expense. The FAS 123 stock option 
expense reduces our reported gross margins for GAAP purposes by approximately 1%. 

Moving to operating expense, on our last call, we forecasted pro forma 2006 operating expenses to grow between 38 
and 42% above 2005. With just one quarter left in the year, we are able to refine this estimate. We now expect our pro 
forma 2006 annual operating expense to grow between 40 and 41% above 2005. 

Based on the figures I have just reviewed, we expect pro forma operating income to increase from the third quarter and 
come in between 34 and 35% of revenues for the year. EBITDA, excluding the impact of stock option expense, is 
expected to come in between 134 and 136 million for the year, up from 75 million in 2005. Once again, the forecast I 


have just reviewed excludes the impact of FAS 123R. We continue to expect to record total stock compensation 
expense of approximately $26 million for the year, which is in line with our previous forecast for stock compensation 
expense. 

Other income and expense was 3.1 million in Q3, which was in line with our previous expectations for the third 
quarter. We expect modest growth in interest income for the fourth quarter, bringing our total other income for the year 
to approximately $12 million. 

With regard to income tax, we expect that our total reported tax rate will fall between 39 and 41% for the year. 

Regarding shares outstanding, we currently have approximately 36.9 million common shares outstanding. We also have 
approximately 3.6 million option and warrant shares outstanding. Depending upon our average stock price during the 
fourth quarter, a portion of the 3.6 million option and warrant shares will be added to the fully-diluted shares 
calculation. To provide you with a range on what the diluted share count for EPS calculations may be in Q4, a 25% 
change in our current stock price will result in a diluted share count as low as 38 million shares or as high as 38.5 
million shares. 

That concludes our prepared remarks, and we will now open the call to your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Tim Nelson with Piper Jaffray. 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: Hi, guys, another good one. 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: Thanks, Tim. 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: The system sales is obviously confusing me with the upgrades. Could you go through for us 
the average upgrade transaction – how does that look, how does that – we will you be continuing to do those, or how 
should we think about that potential in the next couple quarters? 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: Sure. I'll give you a little more color on that. So, we had four customers this past quarter who 
upgraded their Standard da Vinci to a da Vinci S. By the way, three of those were in the United States and one was 
international. And, we don't give any specific pricing on the transactions, but we definitely do generate positive 
margins on the trade-ins, but it is lower than a sale that's without a trade in, so there is a lower gross margin percentage 
on that, even though there is positive gross margin dollars associated with it. Then, in terms of going forward, we don't 
have a broad-based trade-in program, but we are going to try to be responsive to our customers' need. And there may be 
some more in the future, but probably not that many at this time. You've got to keep in mind that for someone to trade 
in, there still a price to it, and so it's going to be tempered somewhat by the need to upgrade their Standard to a da Vinci 
S at a higher price. 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: Okay. So, all the upgrades were Ss, and you took back either 4th or 3-arm systems, and 
generated a little incremental positive margin out of it? 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: Yeah, and what's important to note is that it does not add an incremental system to the 
installed base. So, even though we sold 46 systems, with the four upgrade transactions, only 42 were added to the 
installed base. 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: All right. Okay. How many of the new 42 systems, I guess, as you think about it, were 
gynecologically driven? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: It's hard to say exactly, but I think the trend – last quarter, I believe we culled out two that were 
specifically gynecology-dominated; in other words, gynecologic oncology or gynecology stood up and said "get us a 
system" and they were purchased. What we are seeing now is that the added volume from gynecologic operations is 


really – is bringing the existing system closer to capacity, and helps stimulate a second system purchase. Exactly what 
percentage, or how many, it's hard to say, but it's a positive trend that we see going forward. 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: So, they weren't necessarily de novo accounts that you can identify that were buying 
gynecologic systems, if you saw, it was probably at the most 12 incremental systems that went to existing customers? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: Again, if you look at the 12, the second system purchases certainly applies to that. And then, what 
the – how heavy gynecology weighed in on the remaining 30 systems is hard say, but they are definitely a part of the 
buying decision on whether it's a new system or a first system, and they are a big contributor of using up excess 
capacity in the other systems. 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: Okay, great. On hysterectomy procedures, was there any clinical results, any papers, any 
journal articles that you can point to at this point that would highlight how well the da Vinci is doing? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: There were three papers that showed up in journals, but I would not point to them necessarily in 
the same way that I would point to a Manny Menon paper on prostatectomy. They were people that were describing 
something that they did, but it is not necessarily a – call it a seminal, data-driven large series. When that's going to take 
place is hard for us to say. We know there are some lead centers that are collecting data and case reviews, but when that 
happens, we will certainly let you know. But, I think we are encouraged by the fact that the AAGL has several da 
Vinci-related presentations that will be reported on. There will be a live da Vinci Hysterectomy. And so, even though it 
doesn't show up in the journals, the communication is definitely taking place in that specialty. 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: And you are predicting 2% exit rate market share of the 250 target market. Is that an average 
rate for the quarter, or monthly rate, or ...? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: The run rate exiting the year, about [inaudible] percent. 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: December rate? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: I am sorry? 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: The December rate or the fourth quarter rate? 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: Fourth quarter rate. Yeah. 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: Fourth quarter rate, okay, great. And, any idea how many accounts that would average over? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: No, it's not something that we have at our disposal, but it's a growing number. 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: Okay, great. All right – I will get back in the queue. Nice quarter. 

<A>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Mimi Pham with HSBC. 

<Q - Mimi Pham>: Good afternoon. The 12 centers that ordered a either second, third or fourth system – do you have 
visibility into what the utilization was of their first system? Was it already hitting two cases a week or 100 cases per 
year before they decided to order their second or multiple systems? 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: Yeah, Mimi, this is Ben. It varied a bit, but consistent with what we've seen in the past, once 
they start getting close to one per operating day, which is 250 a year, that's when they start seeing pressure on the 
capacity of the system. And depending on how much they share the system across different specialties, their capacity is 
actually lower than if it's dedicated to one specialty. 


<Q - Mimi Pham>: Okay. And the third quarter systems seemed to be better then your expectations, given your 
comments about third quarter seasonality. Were some of the third quarter system sales things that you expected to 
realize in the fourth quarter? Did the pipeline just come in a little earlier, or those were maybe new centers that you 
didn't see coming your way? 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: Yeah, that's always a hard thing to judge. And we've said before that the sales cycle, at least in 
the United States, has been getting a big shorter of late, and maybe it's around six months or so, but we also have some 
that sell somewhat quickly. So, there are some sales that actually happen within the quarter. 

<Q - Mimi Pham>: Do you mean that some of the sales that you thought would have come in the fourth quarter that 
occurred in third quarter? 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: I guess what I mean by that is, some sales that are within a three month lead time, if you will. 

<Q - Mimi Pham>: Okay. And then lastly, how many da Vinci gynecology – or Hysterectomy proctors do you have to 
date, and how does that compare to how many proctors you have for prostatectomy? 

<A>: Well, I can say that how it compares is we have fewer, as you might imagine, because it is not as developed a 
procedure and the base is not as high. I don't have the number, and it's, I don't think a number we have ever shared, but 
I can say that it is a number that is growing, and the demand for their services continues to grow, but I can't give you a 
raw number. 

<Q - Mimi Pham>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Tao Levy with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Hi, good afternoon. 

<A>: Hi, Tao. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Just a couple quick questions. Can you remind us when – and I'm sure I could look it up, but if you 
have it handy, when you exited the year at 2% with prostate? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: It would have been – as we've said, we were cleared in 2001, in May of 2001, and we exited 2002 
at 1%, and exited 2003 at 3%. So, it would have been some point in there. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Somewhere in the middle? So, if I do the same math with gynecology, and I think you have said 
previously that this should ramp up, maybe, a little bit quicker than prostate, is that what you are modeling or sensing? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: I don't know that we have ever said that this should ramp up any quicker than anything else. I 
think what we have taken the time to do is sort of point out some of the differences between the two specialties, and 
why it's difficult to really gauge one off of the other; those being, certainly, the ovarian – or, I should say, cervical 
cancer and endometrial cancer and benign conditions certainly have different patterns for the patient to do their 
evaluation than does, let's say, prostatectomy. There is a gynecologist that is, in many cases, a primary caregiver for the 
women. There is just a number of different things to consider, so I don't think we are trying to set the expectation that 
one should mimic the other. We just don't have enough reason to think that's the case. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Okay. But also, or that that could not not happen. 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: Yeah, exactly. I mean we just can't tell you at this stage. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Okay. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: Tao, adoption curves, you know, there is a lot of things that go into them, and they do have 
different slopes. Almost every procedure that we track has a little bit different slope, and how sustainable that slope is 


when you are early early in the data points, it's a little hard to – if your confidence level is not as high. But, we are – we 
do try to track them and compare them and try to anticipate that in terms of our planning, both for staff and how we 
support the procedure. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Okay, perfect. And maybe, I think, the purchase by Penn – sounds like it's probably one of the more 
exciting things in the quarter. How did that go about, and is that something that you feel could start to happen in other 
regions where you kind of develop a center of excellence with three, four, five, maybe six different systems? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: Well, again, in terms of how many systems will ultimately be in a center of excellence, we are not 
really, I think, in a position to say what that might look like. But if you think of ten centers today that have three or 
more, I think it's easy to come to a conclusion that that's already taking place in some form. Penn certainly is a very 
preeminent center that has very strong opinions and plans to make a supercenter, which will include all the specialties 
that we are currently in. They have the staff for it; they have a Chairman of Department of Surgery who has the vision, 
as do they have the support with all the other services required. So, we are pleased. I don't know that we are projecting 
anything that looks exactly like Penn anywhere else, but I think that the consolidation will lead to centers like this. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Okay. And then the last question is on just, again, maybe a little bit of clarity on the upgrades? So, 
just so that I understand, so basically they are extra systems that were out – I think, what did you say – four? Yeah, four 
systems that were bought back and then resold in the quarter? Is that just the easy way to look at it? 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: Actually, Tao, we sold three refurbished systems during the quarter. So, three sales of those 
five Standard da Vincis that we had in the quarter were refurbished systems. So they were systems that we had taken 
back from customers; and we refurbished them and then resold them. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: So, essentially, three out of the four, if you wanted to look at it that way, were sold in the quarter 

– resold in the quarter. 
<Q - Tao Levy>: And the one left? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: That will probably be resold, too. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Okay. So, that's in house, and then... 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: Didn't happen in the quarter. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Okay. And if I look at the ASP that you are talking about for the fourth quarter staying roughly 
where it was in the third quarter – and, again, the third quarter was impacted by these sales – should we think that 
maybe that's going to happen in the quarter? Is there any reason why ASPs shouldn't be trending up again? 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: There is a lot of things that impact the ASP. And if you kind of go back over the last, I don't 
know, seven or eight quarters, you would see that our ASP will move around based off of the system, product mix and 
regional mix. There is a bunch of factors in there, so rather than us trying to come up with something at this point 
without enough visibility, we thought it would be simplest just to assume a similar ASP that we've seen before to give 
our projections. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Perfect. And just lastly, and the gross margin on one of these refurbished systems, roughly? Before – 
I think the new system's in the 60-65% range; is this half of that? 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: The gross margin dollars are going to be smaller, but, in fact, the percentage is not materially 
different, because the cost is also lower. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Got you, perfect, great. Thanks a lot, great quarter. 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: Thanks. 

Operator 


Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Matson with Wachovia. 

<Q>: Hi, this is Vincent; I am on the call for Mike. Two quick questions: one, on your driving procedures, and I think 
you said that now hysterectomy is growing faster than prostatectomy, is that correct? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: That's correct; we actually said that last quarter as well. 

<Q>: That's what I thought. Now, you had listed three other procedures that were starting to gain some traction behind 
that; I think you said one was myomectomy, one was pyeloplasty, what was the third one? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: Actually no, within the GYN space, the three procedures which I mentioned were da Vinci 
Hysterectomy, Myomectomy, and Sacral Colpopexy, which is a suspension procedure for prolapse. 

<Q>: Okay, great. What about in cardiology? What are we seeing in terms of traction there? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: Again, the two procedures that we talk about, and we continue to talk about, are developing a little 
bit more each quarter, and that is mitral valve repair and revascularization. And so, as I touched on the call, you are 
seeing more information that's available in both areas. There seems to be refinements that are going on from the clinical 
side that is creating some new interest in these operations, and we continue to move the ball forward. It's just a different 

– it's a different slope, it's a different challenge and it's a much more difficult procedure. 
<Q>: Definitely. Which leads me to a question that came from our channel checks. As opposed to prostatectomy, or 
urology, I should say, there seems to be, I guess, concern that there is not as much training time for cardiothoracic, 
because a lot of these training programs that are done at ECU and whatnot are two-day programs, and these procedures 
take a lot longer to get down, as opposed to, say, bariatric surgery, which takes five procedures and you seem to be 
ready to go. How do you see attacking that problem? Is having a center of excellence like Penn a solution to that, or do 
you guys have a plan towards that? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: Well, I think what you touched on is that each procedure is going to look a little bit different, and 
so, too, will its training path. And if you think of cardiothoracic procedures, and you mentioned one program that's out 
there, I think it's misleading for you to think of them as ending at that point. There is a proctor network. There are 
observations that continue to go on, there is typically more cadaver and animal work that goes on. But, you are 
outlining a fact which is that cardiac procedures are more complex and will require a more complex training pathway, 
and we think we will continue to evolve it. We have done, I think, a pretty good job thus far, but we've got room to go. 
Whereas certain procedures within, let's say, gynecology, or let's say all gynecology procedures, already bring with it a 
surgeon that is trained laparoscopically. And, there is a lot of discussion now about the training-readiness, if you will, 
for a da Vinci surgeon that came through a gynecologic training program, because of their initial skills going in. So, 
each one is going to look different, and we think we got a pretty good handle on them, but we will continue to evolve 
them. 

<Q>: Okay, great. 

<Q - Michael Matson>: This is Mike Matson. I have a quick question for you as well. Just on the bariatric surgery 
area, I haven't heard a lot of comments on that. Just curious if there was any kind of update you can give us there? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: It's a procedure that we think da Vinci brings a lot of value to, and it's been reported, in fact, at the 
recent American College of Surgery Conference. There was a fair amount of discussion around da Vinci gastric bypass, 
especially around the double-layered sutured anastamosis rather than a stapled anastamosis. At the International 
Society of Robotic Surgery, which preceded ACS, there was a fair amount of discussion there. There is interest there. 
Our procedure is – the procedure has been growing for some time, and we think that we bring a lot of value there. It's 
just on a different slope, and perhaps it's because there is a lot of laparoscopy already infiltrated in that specialty, and 
it's just going to move at a little slower pace. 

<Q - Michael Matson>: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: We will take one more question. 


<A - Benjamin Gong>: Operator, we'll take one more question, please. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Rick Wise with Bear Stearns. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Good afternoon, everybody. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: Hi, Rick. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Couple things. If I am doing my back of the envelope math correctly here, Ben, you are 
suggesting that the system sales for the year could be in the 196 to 200 million range, if I am doing the up 57 to up 60% 
for the year, which implies that – a fourth quarter in the 53 to 57 million range for system sales; i.e., at the low-end, flat 
sequentially to up nicely, but maybe, one could say, modestly, given the strong sequential growth we've seen 
throughout the year. Why so cautious, or maybe help us understand what the variables are that are going into your 
thinking, other than your normal conservative, thoughtful approach? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: You said like normal – that's the answer. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: I didn't ask you, Lonnie, I was asking Ben. 

<A - Benjamin Gong>: Yeah. To be honest, Rick, we are giving it our best shot, in terms of our forecast. Today, this is 
our forecast. You know we don't go into any quarter with a backlog on systems. And, we have said in the past, this is 
our hardest category to forecast, to be honest with you, and from our perspective, we think this is what we can deliver; 
so that's our best guess. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Thank you. Since I got such a good laugh with the last one, I'll say that Ben told me last week 
that Lonnie was going to tell me what you can do with the cash, and that Aleks was going to break down the growth 
rate by procedure for your recurring revenues. Any chance of either one? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: Well, the categories in terms of the percentage of procedures – the ranking hasn't changed. In 
other words, it's still urology, led by – urology, followed by gynecology, and cardiothoracic and general surgery. But as 
far as the individual growth rates, yeah, we haven't published that. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: And relative to the market cap, cash isn't that much, and frankly, we would just like to maintain 
the flexibility we have, so... 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: I just feel like I have to ask it every quarter. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: And we want to be in a position, if there is a strategic opportunity, that really makes sense and 
fits with what we are doing, that we can – we have the means and resources to take advantage of that. And so, we are 
not burning a hole in our pocket; we'll continue to build it, especially when you build a company from scratch, and 
you've been living on other people's money, it's kind of nice to have some of your own. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Right. And then, just a last question, I'm not quite sure how to approach it. On the one hand, 
it's really fabulous to hear that hospitals are buying a third and fourth system, and I think real, obviously, a testament to 
the commitment and what you guys are doing. On the other hand, what it was, 29% of the units you sold this quarter 
were to repeat customers. Should we think – do you anticipate that – I guess two questions: (1) that most hospitals are 
going to end up with three or four, is that – should that be our thought process? Are you – should we be concerned at all 

– and I don't want say this is in a negative way, but that we are not seeing more new costumers with new units, sort of 
greenfield customers as part of the mix? 
<A - Lonnie Smith>: I think that's a good question, Rick. I think what happens here – is happening – is that hospitals 
have bought a system. You know, like, there's a – lots of people out there who say, "Oh, that's really expensive, and 
how do we make a return on investment?" But, the hospitals that have made the investment, and then are having an 
excellent return on it, both in terms of incremental patients, in terms of the outcomes of their patients – and better 


outcomes, shorter length of stay, and all that. Then they have the confidence and the willingness to invest in the second 
system. And so, those that have got out front and are having good experiences with it are going to drive ahead, and 
they'll also see it as an opportunity to preempt the market. And so, we will see that. I think we will continue to see – the 
adoption curve is all about people with various profiles in terms of when they are ready to take a step into new 
technology. 

And so, I think we'll see both – I think it – actually, for us, it's a very good thing, and sends a signal to the market, to 
those that have not invested yet, that they ought to be thinking about it. And the question that was asked earlier, as you 
know, on the systems, and how – we don't have total visibility. In fact, we know the ones we are working on; what we 
don't know is those hospitals out there that have – are already budgeting, that we may not even be aware of, that are 
planning to buy a system for the first time, and all of a sudden they emerge. And sometimes, they emerge and they are a 
lot further down the path than we thought, because they have been anticipating this move, or some surgeons have 
gotten highly inspired, probably because they have lost business, to get involved. And so, it will be a combination – 
adoption of a disruptive technology like this is not a very clean process. It tends to be a lot of things going on at the 
same time, and what we've got to do is being flexible enough, and smart enough, to respond to that. 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: You know, Rick, I would just, as a – I'd be remiss not to just put this out as a reminder, is that 
there were 30 new stores that opened this quarter as well. So, you had 12, which is 29%, but 71% were in those new 
greenfields. And so, I guess, in some ways you're damned if you do, you're damned if you don't. But, we like what – we 
like the mix, and we like the greenfields that are still out there. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: That's good. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: And we want those hospitals to have a great experience and want to buy a second system. That 
sends – that is a huge reference for us. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Very helpful perspective. Thanks so much. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: Okay, thank you. That's our last question for today. 

Lonnie M. Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer 

In summary, during the third quarter, total revenue grow to 96 million, up 57% from the prior year. Recurring revenue 
grew to 43 million, comprising 45% of total revenue. We shipped 46 da Vinci Surgical Systems, 42 net of upgrades, 
ending the third quarter with 509 systems installed worldwide. Our net income for the quarter, before non-cash 123R 
option expense, was 22 million, or $0.57 per share, up 59% using a full tax rate for both years. EBITDA for the quarter 
grew to 35 million, or 37% of revenue. We ended the quarter with 292 million in cash and investments, up 48 million 
from the last quarter and 90 million year-to-date. 

And, as I have previously stated, the adoption of our technology is driven, surgical procedure by surgical procedure, 
starting with those procedures where it currently provides compelling surgical capability and patient value. We 
continue to work with surgeons to identify and drive these procedures, while expanding the surgical capability of our 
products, so their use is compelling for the patient, surgeon and hospital in an ever-increasing number of surgical 
procedures. We are committed to delivering significantly superior patient value by improving surgical outcomes and 
reducing surgical trauma. We do this by providing the surgeons with superior surgical access, vision, dexterity and 
precision through unparalleled state-of-the-art robotics, vision, and instrument technology. We strive to exceed our 
customers' expectations everyday. We seek to delight our customers – surgeons, surgical staff, and hospital 
administration – with extraordinary products and exceptional service and support. It is our goal to be the highest-quality 
and low-cost provider of robotic surgical products, accessories and instruments. We are committed to delivering 
superior value through highly effective lean and disciplined operating processes. 

We are focused on the vital few things that will truly make a difference in building a results-driven culture in which we 
measure ourselves by our accomplishments. We are dedicated to taking surgery beyond the limits of the human hands, 
and are committed to being better today than we were yesterday and better tomorrow than we are today. 


That includes today's call – concludes today's call. We thank you for joining us, and we'll talk to you again in three 
months. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. This conference is now ended. 
You may disconnect at this time. Thank you. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


