Q1 2006 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Sarah Norton, Investor Relations 
• Lonnie M. Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Marshall L. Mohr, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Aleks Cukic, Vice President of Business Development and Strategic Planning 
• Benjamin Gong, Vice President of Finance and Treasurer 
• <A > 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon and welcome to The Intuitive Surgical's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time I'd like to 
turn the call over to Sarah Norton, Investor Relations. 

Sarah Norton, Investor Relations 

Good afternoon and welcome to Intuitive Surgical's first quarter conference call. With me today we have Lonnie Smith, 
our President and CEO; Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer; Ben Gong, our Vice President of Finance and 
Treasurer; Aleks Cukic, our Vice President of Business Development and Strategic Planning; and Calvin Darling, our 
Director of Financial Planning and Analysis. 

Before we begin, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today's call may be deemed to contain 
forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied as a result of certain 
risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in the Company's Security and Exchange 
Commission filings. Prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking 
statements. 

Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website at www.intuitivesurgical.com on 
the Audio Archive section under our Investor Relations page. In addition, today's press release has been posted to our 
website. 

Today's format will consist of providing you with highlights of our first quarter as described in our press release 
announced earlier today, followed by a question and answer session. First, Lonnie will present the quarter's business 
highlights. Marshall will follow with a review of our first quarter's financial results, next Aleks will discuss sales and 
marketing highlights, then Ben will review our updated financial forecast for 2006 and finally we we'll host a 
question-and-answer session. 

With that I would like to introduce Lonnie Smith, our President and CEO. 

Lonnie M. Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you for joining us today. As you can see from our press release, we started the year with a strong first quarter. 
Highlights for the first quarter are as follows. Total revenue grew to 77 million up 86% from the prior year. Recurring 
revenue grew to 35 million up 72% from the prior year, comprising 45% of total revenue. We shipped 35 da Vinci 
Surgical Systems and 32 4th Arms. 27 of those systems were in the United States. We ended the first quarter with 428 


cumulative da Vinci Systems installed worldwide. 

Our gross profit margin before non-cash 123R stock option expense improved to 67.9% from 65.5% in the first quarter 
of 2005. We generated an operating profit before stock option expense of 26.8 million up 200% from 2005. Our net 
income for the quarter before stock option expense was 17.5 million or 46 cents per share up over 200% using a 39.6% 
tax rate for both years. 

EBITDA for the quarter grew to 29 million or 37.5% of revenue, up from 10.6 million in the first quarter of 2005. For 
clarity, the definition we now use for EBITDA excludes non-cash stock option expense. We ended the quarter with 221 
million in cash and investments, up 19 million from last quarter. We continued to grow our top-line, improve our 
operating margins and effectively manage our fixed cost growth. In operations we have many successes, but I will 
mention only two. 

First quarter procedure growth; we had excellent sequential quarter-to-quarter procedure growth in all specialties 
including urology, gynecology, cardiac and general surgery. In fact, it was the highest quarter-to-quarter growth we 
have achieved in the past 12 quarters. Second, the da Vinci S System. The launch of the da Vinci S System was 
flawless from engineering, manufacturing to sales, service and training. Response of our customers to this new product 
has been outstanding. We are pleased with our ability to consistently generate significant cash while funding 
exceptional growth. With that I'll pass the time over to Marshall Mohr, who joined us in March, as our new Chief 
Financial Officer. 

Marshall L. Mohr, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Lonnie. We enjoyed excellent financial results this first quarter. Total first quarter revenue increased to 

77.3 million, up 86% from 41.6 million for the first quarter of 2005 and up 7% from 72.1 million for the fourth quarter 
of 2005. Our outstanding first quarter revenue results were driven by a very positive market response to our new da 
Vinci S System and by continued recurring revenue growth. 
First quarter of 2006 revenue increased in all product categories. Systems revenue nearly doubled to 42.4 million from 

21.3 million last year. Instrument and accessory revenue increased to 23.3 million, up 81% compared with 12.9 million 
last year and up 13% sequentially, from 20.6 million last quarter. Service and training revenue increased to 11.6 
million, up 56% compared with 7.4 million last year and up 14% sequentially, from 10.2 million last quarter. 
First quarter demand for da Vinci Surgical Systems exceeded our expectations, as we sold 35 systems during the 
quarter, up 16 compared with the 19 systems sold during the first quarter of last year. As you may recall, entering this 
quarter we were concerned about the potential for a slowdown in system revenue as we anticipated that customers 
already in the system purchase process may have to take more time to evaluate the new da Vinci S System offering. We 
are pleased to report that market acceptance of the da Vinci S was outstanding and that our customers were able to 
complete their system purchases within the first quarter. 25 of the 35 systems sold during the quarter were S models. Of 
the remaining 10 standard da Vincis, 5 were 3-Arm systems and 5 were 4-Arm systems. One of the 4-Arm systems was 
a European unit that we repurchased, refurbished and then sold in Europe. We ended the quarter with 428 systems 
installed worldwide. 

We also grew systems revenue on a sequential basis by 1.1 million despite the fact that we sold 35 systems during the 
first quarter compared with 40 systems during the fourth quarter. The increase in system revenue was primarily due to 
higher first quarter average system selling prices, resulting from the introduction of the higher priced da Vinci S 
system. Our first quarter average revenue per system including all da Vinci models plus 4th Arm upgrades was 1.19 
million which is 120,000 more than the average revenue per system in 2005. 

Instrument and accessory revenue of 22.3 million for the first quarter was up 81% compared with the first quarter of 
2005, and up 13% compared with the fourth quarter of 2005. Higher instrument and accessory revenue was driven by a 
larger da Vinci System installed base and continued increase in the number of procedures performed per system. We 
continue to realize between 1,500 and 2000 per procedure for established da Vinci accounts. As we mentioned in our 


previous earnings call, initial instrument and accessory purchases for newly installed systems increases our total 
revenue per procedure. While total revenue per procedure remained between 2,000 and 2,500 during the first quarter, it 
declined relative to the previous quarter since the number of new system installations represented a lower percent of 
our expanded installed base of systems. 

Total service and training revenue grew to 11.6 million this first quarter, up 56% year-over-year and 14% sequentially. 
Our growth in this area was primarily driven by service contract revenue associated with additional system sales, as 
well as higher contract prices associated with the 4-Arm and da Vinci S systems. 

Total first quarter recurring revenue comprised of instrument, accessory, service and training revenue increased to 34.9 
million, up 72% over the first quarter of 2005, and up 13% over the fourth quarter of 2005. Recurring revenue 
represented 45% of total first quarter revenue. 

In accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No.123R, this quarter we began to record stock 
compensation expense for the estimated value of employee stock options and stock purchases. The first quarter stock 
compensation expense was 5.1 million, of which 800,000 was charged to cost of sales, 3.2 million was charged to 
SG&A expense, and 1.1 million was charged to R&D. The stock compensation expense recorded in the first quarter is 
entirely non-cash in nature. 

In this quarter's earnings release, in addition to our income statement prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted 
Accounting Principles, we provided non-GAAP or pro forma income statement information that excludes the impact of 
stock option expenses. We believe that the pro forma information enhances the users overall understanding of our 
financial performance, as it better reflects the economic performance of our business, and provides investors with a tool 
to compare our results to prior period. Throughout this call, we will make comparisons to both the GAAP and pro 
forma results. 

Our pro forma first quarter 2006 gross margin of 67.9% was equal to the fourth quarter as well as the full year of 2005. 
In our last earnings call, we indicated that we anticipated a slight decline in gross margin percentage due to the higher 
cost associated with a launch of the da Vinci S System. We are pleased to report that we were able to maintain our 
gross margin percentage during the quarter in large part due to the excellent execution of our operations team in 
ramping production of the da Vinci S Systems and instruments. First quarter 2006 gross margins also benefited from a 
favorable regional mix of system sales. 

Total pro forma operating expenses for the first quarter of 2006 were 25.7 million, up 40% compared with the first 
quarter of 2005, and up 2% compared with the fourth quarter of 2005. The increase compared to the first quarter of 
2005 reflects increased head count and direct selling costs associated with higher sales volume. The increase compared 
with the fourth quarter of 2005, reflects increased head count and infrastructure costs partially offset by lower 
commission rates. 

We added 38 employees during the first quarter ending the period with 457 regular employees. 18 of the additions were 
to our worldwide sales and support organization. 

First quarter of 2006 pro forma operating income was 26.8 million or 34.7% of sales, compared with 8.9 million or 
21.4% of sales last year. On a GAAP basis, including the 5.1 million of stock compensation expense, first quarter 2006 
operating income was 21.7 million or 28.1% of sales. Our first quarter 2006 other income of 2.2 million comprised 
primarily of interest income, increased 300,000 compared with the fourth quarter of 2005, primarily due to higher cash 
and investment balances, and slightly higher interest rate. 

As anticipated during the first quarter of 2006, we began reporting income taxes on a fully taxed basis. We recorded 
income tax at an effective rate of 39.6% for the quarter, compared with an effective rate of 5.5% for the first quarter of 
2005. Our tax provision in 2005 reflected the utilization of net loss carry forward. We continue to utilize net loss carry 
forwards in 2006, and expect our cash outlay as a percentage of pre-tax income will be less than 6%. Our pro forma net 
income on a fully taxed basis was 17.5 million or 46 cents per share, compared with 9.1 million or 25 cents per share 
on a lower tax rate for the first quarter of 2005. Our GAAP net income fully taxed and including stock compensation 
expenses was 14.5 million or 38 cents per share. 


Now turning our attention to the balance sheet; we ended the first quarter of 2006 with cash and investments of 221.5 
million up 18.8 million from the previous quarter end. We continued to generate significant cash flow throughout this 
period of rapid growth. Cash provided by first quarter of 2006 operations was 16.1 million, which is net of 13.5 million 
utilized during the quarter to fund working capital requirements. We continue to invest in the infrastructure to support 
our future growth. 

During this first quarter we invested 3.2 million in the capital additions, primarily for improvements to our 210,000 
square foot facility purchased in December and for implementation of our new ERP system. We will begin moving into 
our new facility and go live with our ERP system during the second quarter. 

Our accounts receivable balance increased 57 million at March 31, 2006 from 52.8 million at December 31, 2005. The 
increase was primarily due to higher revenue in the first quarter of 2006, compared with the fourth quarter of 2005. Our 
average day sales outstanding at March 31, 2006 were 67 days, compared with 66 days at the end of the prior quarter. 

Our net inventory increased to 20.4 million at March 31, 2006 from 15.2 million at December 31, 2005, reflecting 
inventory growth necessary to support two product lines; the da Vinci and da Vinci S. Our inventory turns at March 31, 
2006 were 4.9 compared with 5.4 at the end of the previous quarter. We ended the first quarter with 27.8 million of the 
total deferred revenue, compared with 25.5 million at the end of the previous quarter. The increase in deferred revenue 
is the direct effect of service contracts associated with our expanded installed base. 

And with that, I would like to turn it over to Aleks, who will go over our sales, marketing, and clinical highlights. 

Aleks Cukic, Vice President of Business Development and Strategic Planning 

Thank you Marshall. During the first quarter we shipped 35 da Vinci Systems, 25 were da Vinci S Systems, 5 were 
standard 4 Arm da Vinci Systems, and 5 were standard 3 Arm systems. 27 systems were placed in North America, 7 
into Europe, which included 3 S systems and one in the rest of the world market. This brings to 428 accumulative 
number of da Vinci Systems worldwide; 323 in North America, 77 in Europe, and 28 in the rest of world markets. 6 
customers purchased either second or third da Vinci Systems during the quarter, which bring to 37 the number of 
hospitals with multiple da Vinci System. 

Clinically, we had an excellent quarter. We experienced solid sequential procedure growth both within the US and 
abroad, within all of our surgical specialties with urology and gynecology showing the largest sequential growth. 
During the quarter, we launched the da Vinci S System, attended several trade shows and medical conferences, in 
addition we had a number of da Vinci publications presented within various peer-reviewed journals. 

This past month, the first annual World Robotic Urology Symposium was held at Ohio State University in Columbus. 
The Symposium attracted over 225 surgeons with varying levels of da Vinci experience, representing 31 states and 6 
countries. During the two day Symposium, the participants observed four live da Vinci operations, comprised of two da 
Vinci prostatectomies, a radical cystectomy and neobladder construction and a da Vinci pyeloplasty. In addition, Dr. V. 
Patel the Symposia Chairman from Ohio State conducted two day dVP training courses, which took place before and 
after the main Symposium, which were both very well attended. The combination of new intermediate and advanced da 
Vinci participants made for a very successful educational program. The opening remarks were given by Dr. Joseph 
Smith, Professor and Chairman of the Department of Urology at Vanderbilt University and the past President of the 
American Board of Urology. Dr. Smith was widely respected as a conservative academic surgeon in the field of 
urologic oncology stated and "that when compared to open prostatectomy, dVP is at least as good as in every single 
clinical outcomes measurement and is better in some of these measurements". He confessed to the group that he never 
believed he would utter those words to a large audience of his peers. 

Also at the World Robotic Symposium, Dr. Inderbir Gill from the Cleveland Clinic, a former dVP clinic said "we've 
heard the man versus the machine open versus robotic prostatectomy debate for the last time. That debate is over. The 
new focus must now be on man plus machine to see how far this combination can take patient care." We introduced the 
da Vinci S System to European customers at the European Association of Urology Conference, which took place in 


Paris attended by over 10,000 urologists. In addition to the several da Vinci related scientific abstracts posters and 
podium presentations, our booth traffic and test drive schedule was busier than ever. 

In the past, we've commented on a slower dVP adoption rate outside of the United States, particularly in Europe. 
However, over the past few quarters, we have experienced a strong pick up in the adoption of dVP outside of the 
United States and particularly in Europe. And, we would expect this trend to continue as more European centers 
increased their dVP volumes. 

We featured the da Vinci S at the Annual Society of Gynecologic Oncology or SGO Conference in Palm Springs, 
which is attended by over a 1000 clinicians. And, for the first time, we participated in both the Didactic and Wet Lab 
portions of the SGO advanced laparoscopy post graduate course. During a general session presentation, Dr. John 
Boggess, Program Director of GYN Oncology at the University in North Carolina, Chapel Hill, presented his initial 
series for da Vinci type 3 radical hysterectomies as compared to open radical hysterectomies. The end points that he 
measured were; number of pelvic lymph nodes retrieved, OR Time, estimated blood loss, transfusion rate and hospital 
length of stay. 

Regarding lymph node retrievable; Dr. Boggess retrieved an average of 37 nodes in a da Vinci cohort versus 23.4 with 
open technique. Blood loss was reduced by 67% with da Vinci, leading to zero blood transfusions versus an 8.3% 
transfusion rate within his open technique. OR Time it was shorter using da Vinci and the length of stay was reduced 
from an average of 3.17 days open to one day for the da Vinci group. Dr. Boggess concluded by saying "da Vinci 
radical hysterectomy is feasible, reproducible, and has some distinct advantages over open radical prostatectomy." 
Though this series represented a single center experience, it is being viewed as a very favorable initial study. In the 
post-presentation commentary, Dr. Javier Magrina from the Mayo Clinic presented similar results within his series with 
even shorter operating times. 

During the quarter, we launched a new GYN instrument; the da Vinci Tenaculum. The Tenaculum is a device used to 
manipulate and control the uterus during a hysterectomy, or control the fibroid during myomectomy. It has better 
grasping capabilities than other da Vinci instruments in large bulky tissue, and should serve as a very useful tool for 
GYNs performing da Vinci operations. We will continue to focus development efforts toward products which will 
optimize GYN operations. 

Within cardiac surgery, and particularly the da Vinci mitral valve repair, we experienced strong sequential procedure 
growth. The current mitral valve technique provides patients with not only the least invasive approach, but also 
reportedly better outcomes; both from a repair versus replacement standpoint, and shorter patient recovery. This past 
quarter, we introduced the da Vinci atrial retractor. The da Vinci atrial retractor is an 8 millimeter port access device 
that provides the surgeon with controlled dynamic retraction during mitral valve repair procedures. The initial feedback 
has been very favorable, and we will feature this device at next week's AAPS conference in Philadelphia. As a 
reminder, the AUA or American Urology Association Annual Conference will take place in Atlanta from May 21st 
through the 25th. AUA is an important marketing event and includes a full agenda of da Vinci related presentations, 
abstracts and video sessions. 

That concludes my summary and I will now turn the time over to Ben. 

Benjamin Gong, Vice President of Finance and Treasurer 

Thank you, Aleks. I will now provide you with the updated financial outlook for the balance of 2006. Consistent with 
the format of our last call, I will first provide with our forecasts for pro forma results, excluding the impact of FAS 
123R and then give you our estimate of stock compensation expenses, separately. 

Our first quarter result exceeded our expectations, and as a result we are increasing our previous guidance for revenue 
and profits for 2006. Regarding revenue, on our last call we indicated that we expected 2006 annual revenue to grow 
between 25 and 35% over 2005. We are now targeting our total 2006 revenues to grow between 45 and 50% over 2005. 
Our first quarter systems revenue was very strong driven by the 35 units shipped. We had previously forecasted system 


revenue to grow between 15 and 25% above 2005 levels. 

Although our unit shipments will likely fluctuate quarter-to-quarter, we now estimate that system revenue will grow 
between 40 and 45% above the 2005 total. As Marshall mentioned, we realized a blended average selling price on 
systems of $1.19 million during the first quarter, which benefited from favorable regional mix. This compared to an 
average selling price of 1.07 million for all of last year prior to the da Vinci S launch. The overall blended average 
selling price comprised of da Vinci S Systems, standard 3 and 4 Arm da Vinci Systems, and 4th Arm upgrades will 
vary based upon regional and product mix. We expect our blended average selling price for systems to be in the range 
of 1.1 million and $1.2 million for the balance of 2006. Roughly speaking, this will put our system ASP at about 
$100,000 higher in 2006, compared with 2005. 

In the first quarter, we experienced solid procedure growth, which likewise resulted in higher instrument and accessory 
revenue. In our last earnings call, we had forecasted this revenue segment to grow between 45 and 55% above our 2005 
total. We are increasing our forecast for instrument and accessory revenue to grow between 55 and 60% above 2005. 

Our average service revenue per system has also been increasing, due to a higher mix of installed 4th Arm Systems and 
da Vinci S Systems, which generate higher service contracts. As a result, we are also raising our estimate for 2006 
service revenue. We are now estimating our service and training revenue to grow between 40 and 45% above 2005 
levels, compared with our previous forecast of 35 to 37%. 

With regard to gross profit margin, as Marshall indicated we were able to launch the new da Vinci S System with 
almost no impact on our gross margins, whereas we had previously forecast a slight decline in the first quarter. Our 
previous forecast for full year 2006 gross margin was 65 to 67% of revenue. We now expect our gross margin to be 
between 68 and 70% for the year. 

Moving to operating expense, on our last call, we have forecasted 2006 operating expenses to grow between 30 and 
35% about 2005 levels. Now based upon our higher revenue forecast, we plan to make additional investments in field 
sales personnel and incur additional variable selling expenses. We will continue to scale up the rest of our support 
organization and make additional investments in R&D. We now anticipate growing operating expenses between 35 and 
40% above the 2005 level. Once again, the forecast I've just reviewed excludes the impact of FAS 123R. 

I will now provide our forecast for stock compensation expense for 2006. On our last call I estimated total stock 
compensation expense to fall between 21 million and $28 million. We are now refining that range to 21 to 25 million. 
We expect to breakout to specific P&L lines, to be about the same as what we reported in Q1. With regard to income 
tax, we previously guided to an effective tax rate of between 36 and 42%. Our actual first quarter rate was 39.6%. 
During 2006, rates recognized will vary slightly quarter-to-quarter based upon the timing of certain events surrounding 
stock option activity. We expect that our effective tax rate will fall between 38 and 42% for the balance of the year. 
Regarding shares for EPS calculations we currently have approximately 36.6 million common shares outstanding. We 
also have approximately 4 million option and warrant shares outstanding. Depending upon our average stock price 
during the second quarter, a portion of the 4 million option of warrant shares will be added to the fully diluted shares 
calculation. To provide you with the range on what the share count for EPS calculation may be in Q2, a 25% change in 
our current price will result in a share count as low as 37.6 million shares or as high as 38.4 million shares. That 
concludes our prepared remarks. We will now open the call to your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question for today comes from Tim Nelson from Piper Jaffray. Your line 
is open. 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: Congratulations on a great quarter. 

<A>: Thanks Tim. 


<Q - Timothy Nelson>: Could you give us, I was a little confused by your comments on recurring instrument pricing 
per procedure, can you amplify that a little bit, did you say it actually went down due to the mix of new systems, and 
the inventory stocking or is it..? 

<A - Marshall Mohr>: I'll take that one. First off, we continued to see growth in the utilization rates of the installed 
systems what we call same-store sales. Our growth in instrument and accessory revenue was driven both by more 
installed systems and more procedures performed per system. As we've mentioned before, for our established 
customers they are buying between 1500 and $2000 an instrument in the accessories per procedure. This metric is still 
true for those customers that have had systems and are purchasing instruments to support their ongoing needs. 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: Okay. 

<A - Marshall Mohr>: Customers that have purchased their systems recently typically buy sets of instruments in 
advance of doing procedures, which makes our average revenue per procedure higher for those customers in the 
short-term. 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: Okay. 

<A - Marshall Mohr>: Last quarter, as we mentioned that our overall revenue per procedure is between 2,000 and 
2,500, this is still true. But as we've expected, this has decreased within this range sequentially compared to the fourth 
quarter, because our ratio of new system installations to the existing systems is decreasing. That clear that up a bit? 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: So essentially you have stocking orders of new systems that drive up the recurring revenue? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: Right. And lesser impact in Q1 than it did in Q4. 

<A - Marshall Mohr>: As you think about it Tim, there's two things; one we sold 35 systems in Q1 versus 40 in Q4 so 
that's already going to make it lower. And then in terms of a ratio of the 35 versus the installed base that you started off 
with of almost 400, that's now a smaller ratio of new systems to installed systems? 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: Okay. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: Essentially the ratio dropped from about 15.7, you just take 40 over 254 to about 11.6 if you take 
35 or 34 over 294 since one of those was a system we repurchased, refurbished and resold. So, there are actually 34 
incremental systems installed. 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: Okay. Did you have any 4th-Arm upgrades during the quarter? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: Yeah, we had two of those. 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: And those were included in the ASP calculations on the systems. 

<A - Marshall Mohr>: Yeah. So, we are going to this blended ASP calculation. The 4th-Arm upgrades are having less 
and less impact on that whole thing, just because it's small in comparison with the other. So, with the blended ASP we 
are trying to give you some guidance that year-over-year is about 100,000 higher based off of this mix of da Vinci S 
primarily. 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: And we've, so given that, would you expect that the S mix over the rest of the year continues 
to grow or would you say that this initial launch enthusiasm may wane as the year progresses? 

<A - Marshall Mohr>: Oh, we still think it's going to be a majority, of what it's going be – we did sell 10 out of those 
35 were standard systems and those were with folks who had the choice of a standard or da Vinci S. So definitely the 
majority seem to be gravitating toward the S, but we will continue to see some guys going for the standard systems. 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: Okay. And, the last time -- when I'm doing the due diligence on the S, it seems to me that the 
appeal of the S was higher in the cardiac surgery community than in other specialties. Has that held as you progressed 
through the quarter? 


<A - Aleks Cukic>: You know, I think, Tim, we can say that what we have experienced in the first quarter is that there 
appears to be value to not just cardiac, but also to the urologists, the general surgeons and the gynecologists. I think the 
cardiac, some of the early users of the S, if you recall, we sold three of them in Q4, and those were primarily the centers 
that did more cardiac than anything else. So, I think they had a lot of experience with it, but I think what we've seen 
since is that it's across all specialties in terms of advantageous new features. 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: Okay, just a final question. I was little surprised that the ASP increased only 100,000 given 
the – I think it's a 200,000, 300,000 premium on the S, and the strong mix of S in Q1. Are you discontinuing it or why 
the only 100,000 increase? 

<A - Marshall Mohr>: Actually, once you go back and you do the math, and you take the proportion of the 25 out of 
35, I think you're going to find that it probably won't surprise you too much. 

<Q - Timothy Nelson>: Okay. I'll get back to you. Thanks. 

<A - Marshall Mohr>: Okay. 

Operator 

Thank you. Tao Levy from Deutsche Bank, your line is open. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Hi guys, fantastic quarter. 

<A>: Thank you. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: I was wondering maybe we could just back up and maybe you could talk a little bit, how did the 
quarter progress with the launch of the S system? Clearly this is very different than, you know, what you guys were 
saying at the beginning of the quarter. I would love to see, hear about the reaction out in the field and do you think 
there will be, is there any more bumpiness related to the S or that's it, it's out there and people have either bought or 
they didn't buy? 

<A - Marshall Mohr>: So, yeah. Just to repeat a point I think is important is, those folks who are interested in buying 
an S, they were able to make their decisions within the quarter. So, our original thought that it might take some people 
some time to transition from buying a standard to an S, that was much shorter than what we might have originally 
thought. So, that's the answer to that. In terms of how things progressed during the quarter, you know, we always wish 
that we could be more linear in our system sales, but once again it was pretty heavy in the third month of the quarter. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Okay. And any updates to the training process on the gynecology front now that you have several 
months under your belt and, you have some several thought leaders out there really doing a lot of good work there. Has 
that been fine tuned or are people coming out better prepared to go and tackle tough gynecology cases? 

<A - Marshall Mohr>: Yeah, I think that's something that will just be a dynamic process. We will always try to 
improve the process. I think over the quarter, the demand for training and proctors within GYN operations continued to 
increase. I think the process is efficient but we will continue to work on making it even more efficient in the future. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Okay. And Aleks, maybe you could update us on sort of where the utilization trends were in terms of 
different areas. Any visibility there would be great. I know everything did well but will it still be, still 50 plus in 
urology, etc? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: Yeah I think if you look at the four different buckets, Urology still as expected is the largest 
segment. Cardiothoracic is our second largest segment, and what is new for the quarter is that gynecology procedures 
are continuing to grow very quickly, and now are about equal to general surgery procedures. So, having approval with 
their clearance within gynecology being less then a year old, it is now in overall procedures about equal to general 
surgery. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Okay and... 


<A - Lonnie Smith>: One of the pleasant things, at least for me, was that general surgery -- if you look at percentage 
of growth, clearly urology is our biggest growth. In absolute numbers it's the biggest growth, but gynecology was our 
highest growth segment in terms of percentage this past quarter. And general surgery was right behind it. Now I don't 
know what – I don't know whether that's going to be sustained, but it was a pleasant surprise. And, cardiac and urology 
both grew very strongly. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Perfect. And just the last question, any change in the sales cycle, is that shortened a lot now that, 
maybe some more systems out there and this is becoming the real standard of care in several areas – are hospitals just 
again shortening their sales cycle, so they can make a decision within a couple of months rather than whatever it was 
taking, maybe a year ago? 

<A - Marshall Mohr>: Yeah, we definitely see examples of people who are able to move more quickly, but is it kind 
of variable and there is some take quite a long time. On average our sense is that it has continued to improve a little bit 
in the United States, internationally it still varies quite a bit. So, we can have some pretty long sales cycles 
internationally, which sometimes makes it pretty difficult to predict the international system sales. 

<Q - Tao Levy>: Great, thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Thank you. Mark Richter of Jefferies & Company your line is open. 

<Q - Mark Richter>: Good afternoon guys. This is Mark in, for Ryan [Rauch]. Congratulations on a great quarter. 
Most of my questions actually have already been answered, but I have a few sort of follow-ups. Can you provide us 
with an update, if any, on a Terumo competitive situation or rather sort of lack thereof? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: I think the latter is a correct statement. We have no new information on that. You know, our 
perception is that, it's still a developmental project there and so we don't take it lightly, as any competitor if and when 
they arise. We continue to build our intellectual property portfolio and we will defend and use that intellectual property 
as appropriate. 

<Q - Mark Richter>: Perfect. Also, can you just help us understand the number of units that are going to hospitals that 
already have one or two units already? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: Yeah. We had 6 new customers that purchased either a second or third system for the quarter. And 
there are now, 37 that own more than one. 

<Q - Mark Richter>: Perfect thanks. And how many units have you placed in China, and then what are your 
expectations there going forward? 

<A - Marshall Mohr>: We placed back in Q3 our first system in the Hong Kong. We have not placed any into China. 
And, you know, our view of China it's still a developing market for us. We are not planning any sudden increase in our 
overall sales stemming from demand in China. 

<Q - Mark Richter>: Perfect. Thanks guys and again congratulations on a great quarter. 

Operator 

Thank you. Rick Wise of Bear Stearns, your line is open. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Good afternoon everybody. I will add my congratulations, as well. A couple of follow-ups: 
given the better than expected or at least better than guided strength in systems this quarter. Was there any pull forward, 
maybe just there were initial group of earlier adopters anxious to get their hands on S, and that could have the impact 
on how we think about systems sold in the second quarter or was there was sort of unexpectedly higher number of 


closures in the first quarter pulling something forward? Any concern there? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: This is Lonnie, hi. Not that I'm aware of. I suppose there might have been one or two people 
want to be the first with the S in their market, but I don't think that it was a significant element. I think it was just part 
of the decision process as they walked through and decided whether they wanted to be -- which system they thought 
was preferable. Some were comfortable with the older system and stayed with it, in the sense that, one of the – if you 
moved to an S you are moving to different instruments, because they're longer. And there is some, you know, as you 
have multiple systems in the site, you may want to standardize and so, that's the decision. But, I don't think there was a 
lot of; oh yeah, I want to be first with this and I've got to get my hands on it, sort of mentality. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Lonnie, how should we think about the S versus the original da Vinci, will S ultimately replace 
da Vinci, do we think about it is two separate markets, how do we think about the mix going forward you know...? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: You know, what my beliefs is that, you know, when you let market decide and not a – you know, 
you can do a lot market research and until people come down and actually use it and your prices and features and make 
that decision. So, you know, my own belief and I think that the consensus here is, as Ben stated it, we will sell 
predominantly S systems. There are some features especially for multi-specialty that are truly beneficial, especially the 
range of motion and the longer instruments in the reach. And things that they can do with that, the ease-of-use for the 
patient side that whole group, it will clearly make adoption, I think of – in terms of the ramp, the learning curve will be 
faster for the patient side. 

And that's important in terms of turnover and speed of a procedure, we also believe that some of the other – the other 
features in terms of the use of fiber optic cable and elimination of the cables and things, have other implications to 
where we are going and the some of the vision system features. So, you know, it's just – I think over time, the S will be 
the predominant system, but there will always be those and we may have taken that, you know, the market may have 
taken that with standard serving certain markets that maybe for price sensitive. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Yeah. And sort of related to all this and following up on the earlier question, should we – were 
do the original da Vinci prices stable – as if we could see the ASPs in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter or 
versus the first quarter? Were da Vinci prices flat up down separating out da Vinci as a cell? Hence, we assume that da 
Vinci prices are basically unchanged going forward as, you know, again given the higher price option? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: You know, I will answer that then let someone else handle it We always have a mix issue 
depending upon overseas and.... 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Right. And, I guess I'm trying to X-out excess geography here... 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: Even then, I will let – Bob you want to take that? 

<A > 
Yeah, within the regional mixes that Lonnie described, I think within those markets pricing has been pretty stable. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: No change in the older system. And, if I could pick on then, I think Ben described gross 
margins as likely to lower in the first quarter. As you launched the da Vinci, that's because, now that you guys – exact 
language the higher cost of manufacturing and acquiring cost of goods or materials, I forget exactly how you phrased it. 
And, I appreciate that volumes are much higher. But, you know what happened to that issue? 

<A - Marshall Mohr>: Yeah, it's actually a good question. So, we first of all, had a better gross margin I Q1 and 
primarily because we ramped up manufacturing production faster than we anticipated, therefore we have better facility 
utilization and reduce cost per unit. So, there is a couple of other maybe more subtle things is the strong Euro exchange 
rate had an effect that made our ASPs better for sales in the Europe. You know, for those actual were direct sales into 
Europe and so, those when they are direct in Euro tend to be favorable in terms of ASP and gross margin. So you know, 
based on that, that's why we increased our gross margin forecast from what we thought before 65 to 67. We are going 
to you know, after reporting somewhere close to 68 we are saying for the balance of the year between 60 to 70. 


<Q - Frederick Wise>: Right. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: You know, Rick there is also a scale effect here. Internally, and you probably know this from 
past, so we manage the business on a fixed and variable basis. And, whenever we -- you ramp volume, it has the 
pleasant surprise is you amortize those fixed costs over a broader base and that's reflected in gross margin as well. So, 
there's some benefits there. But, what I will say is our operations team, we've a group here that will do whatever is 
necessary. I mean, they are – it was a Herculean task in terms of what they did this past quarter. And, it's reflected in 
the numbers. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: It clearly is, last Lonnie, just I guess somebody has to ask the cash question every quarter, I 
will do it this quarter. Cash is building, you know, what rainy day or happy day, are you saving it for? When? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: I will let Marshall answer to that. 

<A - Marshall Mohr>: Cash will be used for, obviously investment in our growth, but beyond that we don't have any 
plans. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Just let it accumulate? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: We will use it sometime, when it's appropriate. We are not – but it's not burning the hole in our 
pockets. 

<A - Marshall Mohr>: That's right. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Okay, thanks and congratulations again. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: Thanks Rick. 

Operator 

Thank you. At this time, I have question from Alan Brochstein from Piedra Capital. 

<Q - Alan Brochstein>: Hey, guys thank you, I think is what we can say – I had a question if you could maybe update 
the long-term growth drivers in terms of your addressable market, just on the systems not on the procedures, on your 
addressable market here in the United States and also your international expectations about how much growth we might 
get internationally over the longer-term? 

<A - Marshall Mohr>: Well, you know, I think that's, I will do my best to answer what I think you are asking there. 
As we've talked about in the past, when we look at targets with today's assumptions with da Vincis and da Vinci Ss, we 
look for multi-specialty opportunities that perform all of our operations. And, we believe is that that, you know, that 
there are perhaps as many as a thousand centers like that in the United States. And, we believe over time, as they 
become mature that they -- that those targets will and can accept several da Vincis. And, we believe that there are 
perhaps 500 or more like that outside the United States, so really nothing has changed in terms of our addressable 
market this quarter or any of the past quarters. So, we believe that is still early, that this technology has a long way to 
go and we do will continue to do our best to get into as many centers as we can. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: You know, I'll make a comment. I mean, this is a disruptive technology, that evolve over many 
years, and adoption of major disruptions typically take 20 or 30 years. And, we think whether – as Aleks just said, we 
are at the early stage of that. What we see today in terms of what we think we can do will be very different in two or 
three years. And at least, it better be and right now we think it's -- the opportunity is – it is a multi-billion dollar 
business. And, we believe that we can sustain that, but it's -- the technology it evolves and it becomes more effective 
and clinical results demonstrate that effectiveness. Clearly, as I have always said this will be driven procedure by 
procedure, and that is the driver. 


<Q - Alan Brochstein>: I had a follow-up question. Can you talk about some of the impediments to growth? I know 
two of them come to my mind and you can probably throw in few others. Would be being able to hire the sales people, 
adequate sales people -- and the other one would be, developing instruments. That seems to be one of the limiting 
factors. When I talked to doctors, they are waiting for the instruments to get better. I know you're working on that. So, 
talk about those and any other issues that you think you need to address? 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: Building an organization is always a challenge. I mean, but it's not rocket science but trying to 
build an organization with very high quality people and train them and inculcate the values that we want, you know, 
that's one of our major tasks. I don't see it as an impediment, I just think its work. In terms of instruments, actually – so 
the key is one thing that our technology does because the instruments are wristed, you don't need the same variety of 
instruments you need in laparoscopy. But, the challenge there is to make sure we make the right instruments and some 
of them involve technology that we need to license and that sort of thing, and we work on those. But, I – you know, just 
tips, unless we are changing to a different kind of power instrument or something like that, we do very quickly. We 
have turbo team that does that, and we are able to respond quite quickly. What we don't want to do is just proliferate 
instruments for one-offs, for a lot of different surgeons, which – but we want to make sure we are making the best 
instrument for the largest number of surgeons for the application. And so, you know, that's the challenge of doing that, 
but making instruments with new tips is not a huge challenge. It's when we change the architecture of the instrument 
that has the longer time horizon. 

<A - Aleks Cukin>: Yeah, I would say over the past 18 months that's probably been one of our greatest successes, is 
the number of instruments that we put out, we will continue to do that and I think we've got a very good process to 
address what the customers need. 

<Q - Alan Brochstein>: And, I think I have one last question, I guess this is for you Aleks. I think we've talked before 
about offensive and defensive type purchases, and how do you view the strength this quarter, I know Lonnie kind of 
talked about there were maybe one or two people who wanted to be "the first in their area." In general, are you finding 
that the sales are moving to more defensive, now that the installed base has gotten bigger? 

<A - Aleks Cukic>: You know, again I think and then we've got to – we will close this up. I think that when you look 
at it from a defense standpoint or offense, I think, the reality is that it's patient demand and the systems are being placed 
into the hospitals that are looking to drive patient census into their doors. In some markets, certainly there are more da 
Vincis than in others, but we are seeing sales there happening, by that definition either offensively or defensively and I 
think that's just going to continue. And so, there is really nothing more I can add to that particular paradigm. 

<Q - Alan Brochstein>: Fantastic, thanks a lot guys. 

<A>: Thank you. 

<A - Lonnie Smith>: That was our last question for today. 

Lonnie M. Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer 

We had a great first quarter and we anticipate that this will be another strong year. Revenue grew to 77 million, up 86% 
from prior year; recruiting revenue grew to 35 million comprising 45% of total revenue. We shipped 35 da Vinci 
Surgical Systems, our net income for the quarter before non-cash 123R stock option expense was 17.5 million or $0.46 
per share, up over 200% using a 39.6% tax rate for both years. EBITDA for the quarter grew to 29 million, up 174% 
from 2005. We ended the quarter with 221 million of cash. 

As I previously stated – stated in the question, we believe that the adoption of our technology is driven by surgical 
procedure, and starting with those procedures where it currently provides compelling surgical capability and patient 
value. We continue to work with our surgeons to identify and drive those procedures while expanding the surgical 
capability of our products, so that their use is compelling for the patient, surgeon, and hospital and the ever increasing 
number of surgical procedures. Our success to date is the result of the dedication and hard work of an extraordinary 
team of highly talented, motivated, and principled individuals. 


Every employee is the shareholder of our company. Our incentive programs, both cash and stock options are directly 
tied to our performance goals, based on the vital few things that we believe are essential to our future success and 
subsequent growth in shareholder value. We believe the stock options are fundamental element of our compensation 
program for all employees, and are essential to attracting and retaining the talent necessary to continue to build a truly 
exceptional company. We believe the stock options directly align the interest of every member of our team with the 
interest of our shareholders. Therefore, we have no plans to modify our stock option grants or to take change our stock 
option practices. We will continue to target our annual stock option grants in the range of 3% of total outstanding 
shares each year. We believe that the ownership of our company is most precious. We value it highly and manage it 
carefully. 

Finally, I show you that this management team will continue to focus on those financial and operating metrics that 
reflect true financial performance and drive shareholder value, such as: system placements, procedure growth, 
market-share by surgical procedure, top line and bottom-line growth and cash flow. We are dedicated to taking surgery 
beyond the limits of the human hand, we remain committed to managing within realistic financial constraints focusing 
on the vital few things that truly make a difference and driving future investment priorities based upon clinically and 
economic return. 

Our priorities remain: first, superior products, customer service, and patient outcomes; second, consistent revenue and 
operating income growth; and third, results driven company culture in which we measure ourselves by our 
accomplishments. That concludes today's call. We thank you for joining us today and we will talk with you again in 
three months. 

Operator 

Thank you. That concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect from the audio portion of today's call. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


