Q2 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Calvin Darling, Investor Relations 
• Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Marshall L. Mohr, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Aleks Cukic, Vice President, Strategy 
• Jerry McNamara 
Other Participants 

• David Lewis 
• Ben Andrew 
• Tycho Peterson 
• Michael Matson 
• Frederick Wise 
• Sameer Harish 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Intuitive Surgical Q2 Earnings Conference Call. 
At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and 
instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] And also as a reminder, this teleconference is being 
recorded. 

And at this time, I will turn the conference call over to your host, Director of Financial Planning for Intuitive Surgical, 
Mr. Calvin Darling. Please go ahead, sir. 

Calvin Darling, Investor Relations 

Thank you, good afternoon. And welcome to Intuitive Surgical's second quarter conference call. With me today we 
have Gary Guthart, our President and CEO; Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer; Aleks Cukic, our Vice 
President of Strategic Planning; and Jerry McNamara, our Executive Vice President of Worldwide Sales and 
Marketing. 

Before we begin, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today's call may be deemed to contain 
forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied as a result of certain 
risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in the company's Securities and Exchange 
Commission filings. Prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking 
statements. 

Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website at intuitivesurgical.com, on the 
audio archive section under our Investor Relations page. In addition, today's press release has been posted to our 
website. 


Today's format will consist of providing you with highlights of our second quarter results as described in our press 
release announced earlier today, followed by a question-and-answer session. 

Gary will present the quarter's business and operational highlights. Marshall will provide a review of our second 
quarter financial results, Aleks will discuss marketing and clinical highlights, then I will provide an update to our 
financial forecast for 2010. And finally, we will host a question-and-answer session. 

With that, I will turn it over to Gary. 

Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you for joining us today. In this second quarter, our team executed well. We continued to expand da Vinci 
surgery to a broader base of customers, which is reflected in our financial results for the quarter. 

In the quarter, we experienced strong growth in several markets, da Vinci Hysterectomy became the largest single 
procedure in our business this quarter. We also experienced growth in other benign gynecology procedures including 
da Vinci Myomectomy and da Vinci Sacrocolpopexy. 

In neurology, da Vinci surgery continues to expand. And we see continuing growth in da Vinci partial nephrectomy and 
da Vinci Cystectomy. da Vinci Prostatectomy is now maturing in the United States and was flat relative to last quarter. 
We expect dVP growth to be largely driven by international markets as we go forward. 

da Vinci surgery is also being adopted in other surgical specialties. We are experiencing growth in da Vinci Transoral 
Surgery by ENT surgeons. In general surgery, colorectal procedures are growing and in thoracic surgery, we are 
achieving early success in da Vinci surgery for lung cancer. While we are not ready to declare these procedures as full 
scale adoptions, their early growth is encouraging. 

Now, looking at system sales, we sold 108 da Vinci systems in the quarter. U.S. sales grew sequentially over Q1 and 
we sold slightly more systems in Europe this quarter than last. That said, we continue to see fiscal pressures in Europe. 

Lastly, we are pleased with our system sales performance in Asia, outside of Japan. As we have mentioned previously, 
we expect Japan system and revenue growth to be slow, as we work through post market surveillance and 
reimbursement pathways. As we move to highlights for the second quarter, recall that Q2, 2009 financials include a 
recognition of revenue that was deferred in association with the introduction of the da Vinci Si system. 

In my year-over-year comparisons, I will compare financial performance excluding the deferral to give a more accurate 
picture of relative performance. With that as background, operating highlights for the second quarter were as follows. 

Procedures grew 36% over second quarter of 2009. We sold 108 da Vinci Surgical systems, up from 76 during the 
second quarter of last year. Total revenue was 351 million, up 42% over Q2 2009. Instrument and accessory revenue 
increased to 128 million, up 35% over last year. Total recurring revenue grew to 183 million, up 35% from prior year 
and comprising 52% of total revenue. Net income was 89 million, up 64% over last year. We generated an operating 
profit of 170 million before non-cash stock option expense, up 54% from the second quarter of last year. 

We ended the quarter with 1.588 billion in cash and investments, up 193 million from last quarter and up 686 million 
from second quarter 2009. 

Significant cash outlays for the quarter included $20 million invested in intellectual property and fixed assets. 
Excluding the impact of this outlay, as well as 23 million from stock proceeds, and 53 million returned from working 
capital, we generated 137 million in gross cash flow from operations, which is 154% of our reported GAAP net income 
in the second quarter. 

As I mentioned on our last call, we are increasing investments in our business by building our sales force, by bringing 
to market new technologies that will extend our products into new procedures and bring additional patient value to 
existing procedures, and by increasing our manufacturing capability. The investment made in sales force expansion in 


the first quarter is just beginning to make an impact in the field, and early indications are positive. 

We believe that close clinical sales support of emerging and high-growth procedures is an important catalyst for 
procedure adoption. This quarter we added additional, an additional 119 people to our team, predominantly in sales, 
manufacturing and R&D, bringing our total team to 1,476 employees. In product development and research, our teams 
are making substantial progress in our focus areas. Our instrument development teams are progressing in developing 
robotic stapling and energy instruments. We are improving and expanding our imaging capabilities through 
investments in image acquisition and fluorescence imaging. We are developing patient side technologies that will allow 
for single port robotic surgery. And finally, we're making substantial progress in bringing to market surgical 
networking and training technologies. 

Overall, we are pleased with the progress of our product development teams and our technology partners in the depth of 
their achievements, and in the speed with which they are accomplishing them. We continue to invest in adding 
outstanding players to our team and expanding partnerships and in developing and acquiring those technologies that 
can make a difference to robotic surgery. 

With that, I'll pass the time over to Marshall, our Chief Financial Officer. 

Marshall L. Mohr, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Gary. Prior to providing you with the details of our second quarter results, I will quickly review the deferral 
accounting that took place during 2009, which sets into context the proper comparables. 

Last year, we offered certain first quarter 2009 customers the opportunity to upgrade their da Vinci S systems to da 
Vinci Si systems, at a discount to the otherwise list price for such an upgrade. We also offered those customers the 
opportunity to return da Vinci S accessories in exchange for da Vinci Si accessories. As a result, we deferred a total of 
20 million of revenue in the first quarter of 2009, comprised of 18 million of system revenue and 2 million of accessory 
revenue. 

We recognized 14 million of the total 20 million deferral in our second quarter of 2009 and the remaining 6 million in 
the third quarter of 2009. I will now walk you through our revenue results with comparisons to second quarter of 2009, 
as though the deferral had not occurred. Our second quarter 2010 revenue was 351 million, up 42% compared with 247 
million for the second quarter of 2009, and up 7% compared with 329 million for the first quarter of 2010. 

Second quarter revenues by product categories were as follows: Second quarter instrument and accessory revenue was 
128 million, up 35% compared with 94 million for the second quarter of 2009, and up 4% compared with 123 million 
in the first quarter of 2010. The increase compared with the prior year reflects procedure growth and higher initial 
stocking orders. The increase compared with the prior quarter reflects procedure growth partially offset by decreased 
stocking orders. The timing of stocking orders can vary from customer-to-customer and fewer were completed in the 
second quarter compared with the first quarter. 

The amount of instrument and accessory revenue we realized per procedure including stocking orders was 
approximately $1,870 per procedure, which is approximately the same as the second quarter of 2009, and 
approximately $100 lower than the first quarter of 2010. 

Year-over-year stocking orders increased, however they have a smaller impact on a larger installed base resulting in 
little change in revenue per procedure. The decrease from the first quarter reflects lower stocking orders. We expect 
instruments and accessories per procedure to decline slowly over time given that initial stocking orders have a lower 
impact on a larger install base. 

Second quarter 2010 systems revenue of 168 million, increased 51% compared with 111 million of systems revenue for 
the second quarter of 2009, and increased 8% compared with 155 million of systems revenue for the first quarter. We 
sold 108 systems in the second quarter of 2010 compared with 76 systems last year, and 104 systems last quarter. 89 of 
the 108 or 82% of the systems sold in the quarter were da Vinci Si Systems. 


Second quarter system revenue also included 8 million of upgrade revenue compared to 2 million in the second quarter 
of 2009, and 5 million in the first quarter of 2010. The increase compared to prior quarters reflects increased S to Si 
upgrade revenue. 

Our second quarter average sales price per system including all da Vinci models, but excluding upgrades and the 
revenue deferral was 1.48 million, an increase from the 1.43 million realized in the second quarter of 2009, and an 
increase from the 1.45 million realized in the first quarter. The increases compared to the prior periods primarily reflect 
an increase in the proportion of Si systems, which carry a higher ASP. The mix of customers and products over the past 
two quarters has been positive, generating ASPs greater than those we expect in future periods. 

Service revenue increased to 55 million, up 34% compared with 41 million last year and up 9% compared with 51 
million last quarter. The growth in service revenue was primarily driven by a larger system installed base and an 
increase in the mix of Sis, which carry a higher annual service fee. 

Total second quarter recurring revenue comprised of instrument, accessory and service revenue increased to 183 
million, up 35% compared with the second quarter of 2009, and up 6% compared with the first quarter of 2010. 
Recurring revenue represented 52% of total second quarter revenue, compared with 55% in the second quarter of last 
year, and 53% last quarter. Non-U.S. revenue represented 18% of our total revenue in the quarter, compared with 22% 
of total revenue in the second quarter of 2009, and 21% of total revenue in the first quarter of 2010. 

We sold 22 systems outside of the U.S. compared with 20 in the second quarter of 2009, and 24 last quarter. One of the 
systems sold in the second quarter and seven of the systems sold in the first quarter of 2010 were to Japanese 
customers. We sold three more systems in Europe this quarter compared with the last quarter. However the capital sales 
market in Europe continues to be challenging reflecting the macroeconomic environment. We lock in hedges on system 
revenue every six months. So currency had little impact on our second quarter European revenue. However, the rates 
we have locked in for the remainder of 2010 are lower by approximately 15%. 

Moving on to the remainder of the P&L, let me remind you that there were no costs deferred in conjunction with the 
first quarter of 2009 revenue deferral. And therefore the 20 million deferral and subsequent reversals had an equal 
impact on revenue, gross profit and operating income. Gross margin in the second quarter was 73%, compared with 
second quarter of 2009 gross margin, excluding the impact of the deferral, of 72% and compared with first quarter 2010 
gross margin of 73%. The increase in gross margin compared to the prior year reflect increased system ASPs, material 
cost reductions and absorption of fixed costs over a larger revenue base. 

Compared to the prior quarter, the impact of higher ASPs was partially offset by higher manufacturing costs. Second 
quarter, 2010 operating expenses of 117 million were up 29% compared with the second quarter of 2009, and up 6% 
compared with the first quarter. The quarter-over-quarter increase reflects costs associated with employees added 
during the quarter and increased investment in research and development. We added 119 employees during the quarter, 
including 81 employees in the sales and service organization, as we continued to expand our clinical sales force, and 35 
employees in operations, as we continued to invest in research and development and grow manufacturing capacity. 

Second quarter 2010 operating income was 140 million, or 40% of sales, compared with 86 million or 36% of sales for 
the second quarter of 2009, excluding the impact of the deferral, and 130 million or 40% of sales for the first quarter of 
2010. Second quarter 2010 operating income reflected 30 million of non-cash stock compensation expense, compared 
with 25 million for the second quarter of 2009, and 27 million last quarter. The growth in non-cash compensation 
reflects our annual grant made February 15 of each year. 

Our effective tax rate for the second quarter of 38% was lower than our 2009 tax rate of 41%, reflecting the 
implementation of our international tax structure. Our second quarter rate was higher than the 36% reported for the first 
quarter, reflecting an increase in U.S. versus non-U.S. income for the year. 

Our net income was 89 million or $2.19 per share for the second quarter of 2010, compared with 54 million or $1.40 
per share for the second quarter of 2009, excluding the impact of the deferral, and 85 million or $2.12 per share for the 
first quarter of 2010. 


Let me quickly summarize our results for the first six months of 2010. The comparable numbers for the first six months 
of 2009 exclude the impact of the first quarter 2009 deferral. Procedures grew by 36% for the first six months of 2010 
compared to 2009. Total revenue for the first six months of 2010 was 679 million, up 49% compared with 455 million 
last year. This included recurring revenue growth of 39%, and an increase in systems revenue of 63%. The increase in 
systems revenue clearly reflects the impact of curtailed hospital spending for capital equipment during 2009. 

Operating income for the first six months of 2010 was 269 million, up 79% compared with 151 million last year. 
Operating income included 57 million of stock-based compensation charges in the first six months of 2010, compared 
with 47 million in 2009. 

Net income for the first six months of 2010 was 174 million or $4.31 per share compared with 94 million or $2.42 per 
share last year. 

Now moving to the balance sheet. We ended the second quarter of 2010 with cash and investments of 1.588 billion, up 
193 million compared with March 31, 2010. The increase during the current quarter reflects 137 million of cash flows 
from operations and 23 million from the exercise of stock options, partially offset by 20 million of capital expenditures. 
10 million of our capital expenditures relates to the construction of a new manufacturing facility next to our corporate 
headquarters in Sunnyvale. We anticipate that building to be completed in early 2011. 

Our accounts receivable balance increased to 195 million at June 30 from 180 million at March 31. The increase in 
accounts receivable reflects increased revenue and the timing of system shipments. 

Our net inventory increased to 74 million at June 30, from 69 million at March 31. We increased inventory during the 
quarter, since we believe that inventory was below optimal levels. We will likely continue to increase inventory levels 
in future quarters. 

And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Aleks, who'll go over our sales, marketing, and clinical highlights. 

Aleks Cukic, Vice President, Strategy 

Thank you, Marshall. During the second quarter, we sold 108 da Vinci systems, 86 in the United States, 14 in Europe 
and 8 into rest-of-world markets. As part of the 108 system sales, 19 standard da Vinci systems were traded in for 
credit against sales for new da Vinci Si systems. We had a net 89 system additions to the installed base during the 
quarter, which brings to 1,571 the cumulative number of da Vinci systems worldwide, 1,160 in the U.S., 276 in Europe 
and 135 in rest-of-world markets. 44 of the 108 systems installed represented repeat system sales to existing customers. 

Also during the quarter, 10 customers purchased upgrades to convert their da Vinci S systems into da Vinci Si systems. 
Internationally, we sold four da Vinci systems into Germany and three to both Italy and France. Japan represented one 
new system sale. Clinically, we had a strong quarter. Most notably in GYN, more specifically, benign dVH . While 
dVH for malignant conditions showed very good sequential growth, benign dVH growth was significantly stronger, 
both in actual procedure growth and in percentage growth. As of Q2, dVH has eclipsed dVP to become our single 
largest procedure. 

Other areas of robust growth for the quarter included general surgery, ENT, thoracic surgery, as well as several 
emerging urologic procedures. As one would expect, with dVP flattening in the U.S., our urology growth rate total was 
lower than past quarters. As far as our overall procedure business is concerned, sequential growth for Q2 was strong. 
Also during the quarter, nearly 300 da Vinci related clinical publications and abstracts representing multiple surgical 
specialties appeared within various peer-reviewed journals. 

Our recent clearance for transoral otolaryngologic surgical procedures has allowed us to extend the benefits of 
minimally invasive surgery to a category of patients who were being subjected to large and potential disfiguring open 
operations. Within this specialty, da Vinci's patient value equation appears to be as great and potentially greater than in 
any we currently target, and it has led to impressive early growth. 


In a recent edition of the Archives of Otolaryngology, head and neck cancer, a paper by Dean and Rosenthal from the 
University of Alabama, Birmingham looked at a comparison between 43 patients who underwent surgical resections for 
T1 and T2 oropharyngeal cancers. The patients were classified within three cohorts: robotic assisted surgery for 
primary neoplasms; two, robotic assisted salvage surgery for recurrent disease; and three, open salvage surgery for 
recurrent disease. 

And the results, the median length of stay in the open salvage group was 8.2 days compared to five days for the robotic 
salvage group, and 1.5 days for the robotic primary resection group. Regarding postsurgical diets, 43% of the patients 
who underwent open salvage procedures were gastrostomy or feeding tube dependent six months following treatment, 
compared to zero patients in the robotic surgery groups. 

7% of the patients who underwent open salvage procedures also remained tracheotomy tube dependent after six months 
compared with zero patients in the robotic groups. There were no complications reported in the robotic groups, 
however two patients who underwent open salvage resection developed postoperative hematomas and two developed 
wound infections. 

Reductions in both length of stay and complications have been synonymous with da Vinci procedures across all 
specialties. And it appears that transoral surgery will follow suit. In addition to dVH, da Vinci Myomectomy has been 
one of our most rapidly emerging GYN procedures. 

Myomectomy is the removal of uterine fibroids while preserving the uterus. Fibroids are among the leading causes of 
pelvic pain in women, as well as being a sufficient contributor – a significant contributor to the need for benign 
hysterectomy. It's estimated that approximately 40,000 procedures are performed in the U.S. annually and many more 
outside the U.S. 

In the June edition of the Journal of Minimally Invasive Gynecology, Dr. Charles Ascher-Walsh from Mt. Sinai School 
of Medicine in New York compared his first 75 da Vinci Myomectomies to his last 50 open Myomectomies, which is 
currently the predominant approach for surgical treatment. 

The variables measured included blood loss, hospital stay, time to regular diet and febrile morbidity. Febrile morbidity 
as defined, is at least one episode of temperature rise above 38°C lasting more than 24 hours. Regarding blood loss, in 
the open group, patients lost an average of 459 milliliters of blood, compared to 226 for the da Vinci group. Hospital 
stay was 3.3 days for the open group, compared to 0.5 days for the da Vinci group. Time to regular diet was 2.3 days 
for the open group, compared to 0.85 days for the da Vinci patients. And finally, 38% of the open group had febrile 
morbidity, compared to 1% for the da Vinci group. 

Overall, I'd say this is a pretty impressive improvement. During the quarter, our activities within the various society 
meetings were exceptionally high, and included a large presence at the AUA, SAGES, World Robotic Symposium, 
ACOG, AATS and the American Society of Colorectal Surgery to name a few. At the AUA meeting alone, with over 
12,000 participants, over 130 robotic abstracts were presented. Six AUA postgraduate courses were offered, which 
included two live surgery courses, not to mention over a dozen booth presentations and several live surgery broadcasts. 
The booth traffic and the number of surgeon leads were truly impressive. 

At the World Robotic Symposium in Orlando, over 1,000 surgeons representing 36 countries were in attendance. The 
program included dozen, a dozen live surgeries and hundreds of robotic abstracts, posters and presentations. Several of 
the abstracts were noteworthy, but I'll highlight one from the Mayo Clinic, Rochester that really resonated with me. It 
resonated with me because the condition they studied reaches far wider than dVP, which was the topic of the paper. 
The paper is entitled Contemporary Analysis of Surgical Site Infection After Radical Prostatectomy; a Comparison of 
Open and Robotic Approaches. The objective of this study was to determine the incidence of surgical site infections in 
prostatectomy and determine if the approach to surgery affects this rate. 

5,908 patients undergoing either retropubic or robotic radical prostatectomy at the Mayo Clinic between 2004 and 2008 
were identified, 4,824 open and 1,084 robotic. The metrics were pretty straightforward. Within the open retropubic 
group, 5.4% of the men developed a surgical site infection, compared to 0.9% with the robotic group. Said another 
way, a patient undergoing an open prostatectomy was six times more likely to encounter a surgical site infection than a 


patient undergoing a dVP. A surgical site infection is a well-known complication that can have significant negative 
consequences, both clinically for the patient and economically for the hospital. If you expand the computation across 
nearly 100,000 annual prostatectomy or 100s of thousands of overall da Vinci procedures, the improved clinical patient 
and economic value is significant. 

That concludes my remarks and I'll now turn the time over to Calvin. 

Calvin Darling, Investor Relations 

Thank you, Aleks. I will be providing an update to our financial forecast for 2010, including procedures, revenues and 
other elements of the income statement on a GAAP basis. I will also provide estimates on significant non-cash 
expenses to provide you with visibility of our expected future cash flows. 

Starting with procedures. Our second quarter and first half 2010 procedures were up approximately 36% compared to 
last year. We continued to expect our total 2010 procedures to grow approximately 35% for the year, from the base of 
approximately 205,000 procedures performed in 2009. 

Moving on to revenues, based on our first half results and our view into our second half sales pipeline, we are raising 
our forecast for total 2010 revenue. We now anticipate 2010 full-year revenue to grow between 30 and 33% compared 
to 27 to 30% forecasted on our previous call. As a reminder, our revenues can fluctuate quarter-to-quarter, as system 
sales placements may vary. 

In Europe, while procedures continue to grow, system sales in the short term may be impacted by the economic 
climate. System sales into Japan are likely to remain modest, as we work through the reimbursement pathway. With 
regards to gross margin, we reported 73% margin in both Q1 and Q2 of this year. Going forward into the second half of 
the year, we expect gross margins to decline from this level, driven by lower anticipated average system selling prices. 
We expect the ASP to decline in the second half, reflecting a lower priced product mix, and lower U.S. dollar revenue 
recognized on euro based sales. 

We recorded first-half euro based sales at rates averaging about $1.43, consistent with the contractual rates under our 
currency hedging program. 

As we enter the second half of the year, we've reset our hedges and anticipate recording the remainder of our 2010 euro 
based system sales at a rate of approximately $1.22. We also expect the manufacturing capacity growth that Marshall 
referred to earlier, to shift our gross margins slightly lower in the second half of the year. 

Although second-half gross margins should be a bit lower than the first, based upon our first half results, we are 
increasing our guidance for full-year 2010 gross profit margin. We now anticipate our full year gross profit percentage 
to come in between 72 and 73% compared to 72% forecasted on our last call. 

Moving to operating expense. We have made and will continue to make significant investments across multiple areas of 
our business, particularly in clinical sales force and new product development projects. We added 119 employees in the 
second quarter, and 213 so far this year, compared to 75 added during the first half of last year. 

We now expect our total GAAP operating expenses to grow by 29 to 31% in 2010 compared with our previous forecast 
of 27 to 29% growth. In terms of non-cash expenses, we expect to record stock compensation charges of approximately 
$120 million in 2010, which is a bit lower than our previous forecast of 122 million. Our guidance for Intellectual 
Property amortization remains intact at $15 million for the year. Other income, which is mainly comprised of interest 
income is expected to come in around $18 million for the year, at the high end of the 16 to $18 million range forecasted 
last quarter. 

With regard to income tax, our year-to-date tax rate now stands at 37.4% of pre-tax income. We now expect to record 
income taxes at approximately that 37.4 rate for the rest of 2010. For calculating earnings per share, we ended the 
second quarter with 39.4 million common shares outstanding, and approximately 5 million option shares outstanding. 
Depending on our average stock price this year, a portion of the 5 million option shares will be added to the fully 


diluted shares calculation. Assuming our stock price remains where it is today, we estimate that our diluted share count 
for calculating EPS in Q3 will be approximately 40.7 million shares. Our estimate for the full year is 40.6 million 
shares. 

Finally, regarding our cash flows, since we are forecasting to report over 135 million in non-cash stock compensation 
and amortization expenses for the year, our cash flows will continue to be significantly higher than our reported net 
income. We believe cash flows generated from operations is a better measure of our actual performance than net 
income. 

And with that, we would like to open the call to your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question in queue from the line of David Lewis with Morgan 
Stanley. Please go ahead. 

<Q - David Lewis>: Hi, good afternoon. 

<A - Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, David. 

<Q - David Lewis>: A couple of questions. I guess first of all, just thinking about procedure trends, so two kind of 
dynamics. We've seen some pressure across the woman's health segment from some of the kind of derivative 
competitors. Did you see any pressure on hospital-based hysterectomy trends in the quarter. Do you think that weighed 
on procedural trends? And then part B would be, obviously a significant increase in sales reps here into the quarter, can 
you kind of talk about where they stand from a utilization or capacity perspective? And I got one follow-up, thank you. 

<A - Aleks Cukic, Vice President, Strategy>: David, it's Aleks. If you recall last quarter, we had called out the fact 
that there had been some slowing in da Vinci Hysterectomy, specifically the benign side. And we had called out 
potentially three reasons why that might be: either a reset on the premiums; insurance premiums for potentially high 
incidence of COBRA fallout; and then just the activities that our sales people had and just having a full plate. Well, if 
you've looked at it this quarter, there was actually a significant move in benign hysterectomies, there was actually a 
very strong turnaround. So if there were trends that we saw, they were really favorable on the benign side of the 
business. And I think that speaks also for Myomectomy and even the Euro GYN procedures in Sacrocolpopexy. 

So the salespeople certainly, I think we feel that it's still early, but we like the momentum that we're building with the 
additional feet on the street. So there really wasn't anything we can point to and say that, was really specific to that 
segment that would be macro in nature. 

<Q - David Lewis>: That's very helpful. And then your commentary on ASPs. I'm trying to understand, is this just 
simply a function of anniversarying some of the more significant ASP increases based on new system launches and 
positive product cadence? Or is this sort of a slight change in strategy or mix, where you're seeing increasing growth 
with sub 300-bed hospitals that may want more de-featured systems? 

<A - Marshall L. Mohr, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: The ASP change quarter-to-quarter 
really is reflective of just a higher mix of Sis, and generally a positive mix when it comes to customers. We sold fewer 
to distribution than we have in the past. So, does that answer your question? I'm not quite sure where you were headed. 

<Q - David Lewis>: I'm sorry, I may have misunderstood, but I thought on a go forward basis, you saw ASPs 
potentially declining for boxes, I may have misunderstood? 

<A - Marshall L. Mohr, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. No, we're saying you shouldn't 
count on the mix that we've seen. We've had a favorable mix. There's a couple of different factors that could change the 
dynamic going forward. One is of course the, as we said, we lock in hedge rates for European currency at the beginning 


of every six month period, and this is the beginning of that period. And what we locked in was 15% lower than the 
previous time. Now, the European business direct represents about 10% of our overall business. 

Second thing is we are seeing weakness in some of the places that we do use distributors, and we have seen weakness 
in Europe, and in Europe, we sell at prices that are higher than we sell in the U.S. And then – those are the primary 
factors. And then overall, we think that the mix that we've seen in the last quarter was unusually favorable and we're 
just not sure where it's going to come out. It's very hard to predict exactly which systems you're going to sell to which 
customers. 

<A - Aleks Cukic, Vice President, Strategy>: Yeah. And actually in this second quarter, 89 of our 108 systems were 
Si systems compared to 80 out of 104 last quarter. So that was a very rich mix of Sis, and going forward, we do expect 
it to kind of shift more towards what we saw previously. 

<Q - David Lewis>: Okay, very helpful, then one last question, I'll jump back in queue. Aleks, you mentioned access 
systems at the surgical or bedside to promote single incision surgery. Was there a timeline we should be thinking 
about? 

<A - Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer>: This is Gary. Yeah, in my part we had talked 
about single incision robotic systems. We're not ready to tell you the commercialization timeline yet. I'll just tell you 
we're making good progress on it. And when we're ready to launch it, we'll let you know. 

<Q - David Lewis>: Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. The next question in queue that will come from the line of Ben Andrew with William Blair. Please go 
ahead. 

<Q - Ben Andrew>: Good. Thank you very much for taking the question. A couple of things more on the sales force 
structure. I mean you've added a significant number over the last two quarters. Aleks, maybe can you talk about the 
total numbers you've got, how it's distributed between general system sales and the guys pushing procedures? But then, 
maybe even break down if you can further how big the benign gyne group is, and what initiatives they're taking to have 
driven such a strong performance in the quarter, and what you're going to do with maybe some of the other indications? 

<A - Jerry McNamara>: This is Jerry McNamara, I'll take a crack at answering a few of those questions. First off, we 
felt it was time based on our performance metrics of our clinical sales team to expand our sales force in order to 
continue to serve our customers. We have been metricing our performance and that would be the number of procedures 
served by clinical sales reps, number of systems served by clinical sales reps, for a number of years. And so that's how 
we modeled out our expansion. 

And so we decided it was time to go forward and invest in the business. So the bulk of our expansion was in the clinical 
side of the sales force, not so much in the capital side. We did make a major initiative to grow our GYN dedicated sales 
force and that, that investment has been completed up to the levels that we decided to fund it, and I will say, and this is 
kind of to expand on what Aleks said, we had a very strong quarter and GYN trend overall, and we're pleased with the 
results so we're going to continue to expand accordingly and make the requisite investments. 

<A - Jerry McNamara>: Ben, just to add some numbers back to the question you had. We said we added 119 folks 
company wide in the second quarter, 70 of them were to our field organization, and so after making those additions in 
terms of the total sales force, we have roughly 70 people in our group from the company selling systems, and about 380 
people who are driving the procedures. We've also got 80 field service engineers, and about 20 dedicated trainers, and 
45 what we call field technicians. So, right now we've got something, just a little bit north of 600 people in the field 
across the company. 

<Q - Ben Andrew>: Okay, great. Thank you, that's helpful. And maybe, Jerry, if I could get you to go a little further 
on the dVH initiatives, is this just getting in front of the gynecologists to help them understand the benefits and what 


surgeons around them are doing cases, or are there kind of promotional things? Because it's ties into a comment that 
came on the last call that you were going to try to hold the gross, excuse me, the operating margins steady, and in fact it 
did expand a little bit in the quarter. So do you have even more capacity to work harder to help customers bring in 
patient volume? 

<A - Jerry McNamara>: I think we do. We're still very early in the adoption of benign hysterectomy, and we most 
recently enjoyed increasing success in being able to communicate the value proposition that's offered to the patient and 
the surgeon. And so, as our sales force becomes more proficient in the selling process and we continue to get support of 
publications and positive response back from our surgeons and patients, I think we'll continue to expand. 

<Q - Ben Andrew>: Great, thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you, our next question in queue that will come from the line of Tycho Peterson with JP Morgan. Please go ahead 

<Q - Tycho Peterson>: Hey, good afternoon. 

<A - Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer>: Good afternoon, Tycho. 

<Q - Tycho Peterson>: Actually, maybe just following up on that last line of questioning, on the reps, can you 
comment on geographic mix, were the bulk of the reps placed here in the U.S. or how are we, should we think about 
international sales build out? 

<A - Jerry McNamara>: We have managed the international build out to the same and similar metrics that we do in 
the United States. So as we place the systems, and we generate the procedures, then we increase the committed reps to 
the geographic. So we don't identify one geographic or another, it's all driven by where the placements are. 

<A - Aleks Cukic, Vice President, Strategy>: But remember that, part of the o-U.S. business is broken out between 
distributors and direct. So, we affect the employees in the direct side of the equation whereas the indirect employees 
work for the distributor. 

<Q - Tycho Peterson>: Okay. Turning to Europe and you made the comment before, only 10% of that business is kind 
of direct in Europe. But can you talk a little bit about what you're hearing on the ground from your reps over there and I 
mean, is it fair to say you're adopting a little bit more of a cautious attitude on the back half of the year in Europe given 
some of the austerity measures? Or I guess, just any additional color would be helpful here. 

<A - Jerry McNamara>: I think, as you know, we can't control the uncertain economic conditions there. And that 
being said, we have had really strong procedure growth. So we are happy with our procedure growth. From the system 
sales, certainly there is a little bit of additional pressure or scrutiny on the purchasing side of the customers. And maybe 
compared to a year ago, the purchasing timeline might be three months longer but we are not losing customers, just the 
purchase timeline's taking a little longer. 

<A - Aleks Cukic, Vice President, Strategy>: Remember Tycho, the thing that we really drive and really focus on is 
the procedure growth. We know that when the macro economy becomes improved or gets back to level set, as long as 
the demand for the procedures is strong, we know that demand for the systems will be necessary. So that's where we'll 
focus, in the systems. Even through that, we added – we increased the number of sales in Europe this quarter versus the 
last quarter. But you can tell by our posture that it's challenging. And we won't try to predict what the macro economy 
will look like down the road. But we are telling you that it's challenging. 

<Q - Tycho Peterson>: Okay. And then one last one. I've had some people ask about leasing and whether that is 
potentially going to pick up in this environment. I think, historically it's been about 15% of the systems or so that have 
been leased. Are you seeing any change in that dynamic? 


<A - Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer>: We really haven't, it's been pretty consistent 
over time. 

<Q - Tycho Peterson>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question in queue that will come from the line of Michael Matson with Wells Fargo Securities. 
Your line is open. 

<Q - Michael Matson>: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I guess I'd just like to start out with sort of a higher level 
question. Just stepping back, you guys obviously did really well with prostatectomy and that's kind of peaked – I don't 
want to say it peaked, but it's not growing very fast now. And obviously right behind that, you had Hysterectomy and 
that was roughly three times as many procedures. So looking beyond Hysterectomy, I mean is there something there or 
are a sum of multiple procedures there that could be three times sort of larger than the hysterectomy opportunity. 

<A - Aleks Cukic, Vice President, Strategy>: Again, I think the way – there is a couple of ways I'd answer it. But I 
think looking at where we were a couple of years ago as just a reminder. In 2006, we were really just beginning to talk 
about hysterectomy and here we are today, it has become our largest category. 

We are working on a lot of various procedures through multiple specialties, be it general surgery with nice growth 
coming in low rectal cancers, in ENT which is a brand new clearance for us, with lung surgery, and myomectomies and 
other emerging urology procedures and GYN procedures. So the answer to the final question you asked, if you sum up 
procedures, can you find, whatever your metric was, the answer is that there's a lot of procedures that we've identified, 
are working on, and are in positive growth trends already. And depending on what your timeline is and how far out you 
look, yeah, I would say that there is a lot of opportunity, and it's our belief that we are very early here. 

<A - Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer>: This is Gary. I'd add one thing, which is our 
organization is not looking past hysterectomy at this time as being something to focus on. Our organizational focus is 
tightly on gynecology and hysterectomy. We think they're great irons in the fire, but it's not as if that opportunity is 
fully complete yet either. 

<A - Aleks Cukic, Vice President, Strategy>: And I think to your point on the dVP, I think accurately you pointed 
out that we've called out in the United States and certainly we are a lot more mature than we are in the other parts of the 
world. But geographical expansion across everything we just talked about is also still in front of us. 

<Q - Michael Matson>: Okay, that's helpful. And then, on the single port surgery opportunity, I guess I had two 
questions. One, it was little unclear to me that the product that you're talking about there, is that a completely new 
robotic platform or am I hearing it incorrectly? And the second thing is, just, is there an opportunity, do you think with 
single port surgery to get into new procedures, things like your more run of the mill laparoscopic procedures, like a lap 
coli, say, and would that be a sort of a new larger opportunity out there? 

<A - Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, this is Gary. So, the single site we're 
talking about is a set of instruments and accessories that goes on a da Vinci Si system. And we had previewed it out at 
some of our shows. We do think that, that will give us access to a different set of procedures than multi-port will. 
Where it ultimately finds value and grows, I think it's early. And I think we want to get into the marketplace and have 
our customers and surgeons help us determine where that ultimately goes. Having said that, it may open for us a set of 
procedures that are not kind of the classical da Vinci procedures that we have today. 

<A - Aleks Cukic, Vice President, Strategy>: And just as a reminder, there, the single site product does not have 
FDA clearance yet. So we are certainly limited to what we can say or claim about it at this point. 

<Q - Michael Matson>: Okay. And then, I just had one final quick question. I noticed in the guidance that your share 
count's stepping up a little bit in the second half, and you've also, you're sitting on a lot of cash, and I realize your stock 
is up from the level that you bought back shares previously. But why not just at least go in and kind of offset some of 


that dilution that's set to happen? 

<A - Marshall L. Mohr, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, we certainly are evaluating our 
cash position at all times, and to the extent that we do decide that we have excess cash, we will look at ways to return it 
to shareholders. And that could take the form of a share buyback. But we think about it, we just haven't... 

<A - Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer>: And we're sensitive to that issue. So we're 
happy to have adequate cash reserves, that gives us flexibility into the future. On the other hand, if there is an 
opportunity on the issue that you raise, we're quite aware. 

<Q - Michael Matson>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question in queue that will come from the line of Rick Wise with Leerink Swann, and your line is 
open. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Good afternoon, everybody. Again to start with a bigger picture question, and maybe the topic 
is capital spending, I feel like we're getting confusing signals not from you, so much as in general. I actually came into 
this quarter thinking that the cap spending environment might be improving based on comments from GE, Siemens, 
actually Stryker's MedSurg business. And none of these things have anything directly to do with Intuitive, but do you 
feel like you can comment on whether the environment is improving, stable, decelerating? And I appreciate that's in the 
context as well of it sounds like maybe some sluggishness in Europe? 

<A - Aleks Cukic, Vice President, Strategy>: Rick, if – the thing we can really point out, I think that describes it at 
least most practically is just looking at it retrospectively. I mean, if you look at the first half of 2009, and we sold 66 
systems, and 76 systems in the first two quarters of '09. And 100 of those were in the United States. If you take a look 
at the last two quarters, we sold 108 and 104 systems, of which I believe 172 were in the United States. 

So looking at it from that perspective, I think answers your question. And I use that only because I, it's hard for us to 
claim any expertise in macroeconomics here. But when you look at the practical side of it, it appears that it's improved 
pretty significantly over the first half of 2009. 

Now, going forward in 2010, we will see. You've got our guidance and where we will really spend a lot of our time and 
resources is driving the procedures, which end up being the best surrogate for future system sales. 

<A - Marshall L. Mohr, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: And regional variances in capital 
environment are strong, so. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Okay. Turning to R&D, when I look back, we've generally seen some pretty decent sequential 
growth in R&D, sequentially quarter-to-quarter. Yet, it was up second quarter over first, it seemed like the rate might 
have been a little slower than in the past. Is that timing and just should we expect to see R&D step up more smartly, 
sequentially in the second half? Just again, a little perspective there. 

<A - Marshall L. Mohr, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, just from – our planning point 
of view, R&D can be lumpy, just having to do with as different products move around different phases of their 
development, required investments change. And so most of what you're seeing is lumpiness having to do with the 
natural evolution and timing of product development. We're making investments in the areas we've discussed. We think 
that we have products in the pipeline that are going to be compelling. But we're disciplined in our approach and how 
we're spending our money and how we want them to come out. Calvin, you might do a little color on this. 

<A - Calvin Darling, Investor Relations>: Yeah. I think that's right, and really part of the lump, we did have a step up 
in the first quarter of '10 compared to nine, right? And so... 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Right. 


<A - Calvin Darling, Investor Relations>: Perhaps this was an offset to that, but as Gary says it is lumpy, it is going 
to continue to be lumpy. And in the long-range we're investing in the programs that we've outlined. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Yeah. And maybe last from me. I know you're anxious to tell us what's in your pipeline. Joking 
aside, the – maybe help us think a little bit about where we're going. I mean, what should we expect as we look out over 
the next couple of years? More significant evolution, like Si or is it going to be – as you briefly touched on, 
visualization instruments? Any flavor or color would be welcome obviously. 

<A - Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer>: Just what we have told you before. I think 
you're going to see a mix of products. Clearly, tissue interaction products are really important in doing any procedure. 
What actually goes down and touches the tissue, is going to make a big difference. We continue to invest there on some 
projects that are fairly big projects and we think will have a significant impact in terms of patient value. But we've 
talked about single site, we think that is an interesting trend in the marketplace. And we think robotics will bring real 
value there. And on the imaging side, the investments are both higher acuity imaging, but also different types of 
imaging and some things you haven't seen from us before, but as they progress we'll be able to describe them more. 

<A - Aleks Cukic, Vice President, Strategy>: I would just add one comment Rick, is when you think about the way 
we develop products, keep in mind that you're developing products that will cross four or five surgical specialties, 
oftentimes. So, it isn't just a single widget for a single procedure in a single specialty. So there is a lot of forethought 
that goes into whether it be instruments, systems, vision, et cetera, and it's a very broad investment across multiple 
platforms. 

<Q - Frederick Wise>: Thanks so much. 

<A - Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer>: We have time for one more question. 

Operator 

Thank you, and that final question will come from the line of Sameer Harish with Needham. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Sameer Harish>: Hi, thank you guys. Good afternoon. As I would ask some questions on physician training, it 
seems like in the press there is a lot of noise made about physician training and whether it's adequate, maybe can you 
talk to me about kind of, are there any changes that the company is making in terms of physician training? And maybe 
just talk about why we're seeing a discrepancy when we see it presented, we find that very low numbers, call it mid 
teens kind of surgical cases are enough to get physicians comfortable, why we're seeing a discrepancy in what we're 
seeing in the press? 

<A - Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer>: I guess I'd start by saying we have always 
made significant investments and taken pains to train our surgeons carefully. But you see disparate definitions of what 
training is and means and so often you'll hear different people talk about asymptotes versus training to competence and 
so on. It's pretty hard to describe why the popular press goes one direction versus the clinical publications. 

That said, we are focused on training, we continue to be and we have made some investments going forward that we 
think take advantage of some of the unique attributes of robotic surgery. Dual console is one of them. Dual console is 
being adopted well for use in training, and we've talked about surgical simulation as being another one. Robotic surgery 
has kind of a unique opportunity for a surgical simulation in that you can train exactly in the environment in which 
you're going to do the surgery. And so we think that will make a difference. So it hasn't been a step change for us. It's 
something that we've understood for a while and have been making investments to continue to improve. 

<A - Aleks Cukic, Vice President, Strategy>: I would just add one thing on that as well. As we get more penetration 
or further adoption into various procedures you tend to see the formal training in medical schools and residency 
programs and fellowship programs that starts to increase as well, believe me, and we're very welcome to that. If you're 
already a standard of becoming a standard of care or a standard of care in prostatectomy surgery, then the formal 
training that someone would get through a urology fellowship is certainly going to increase on robotics than was the 


case years ago. And I think, as we move forward into other procedures, you start to see that take place. And it's pretty 
natural and quite honestly very welcome. 

<Q - Sameer Harish>: Great, Aleks. You took my follow-up question away. But I'll switch over to kind of just the 
changing dynamics in terms of procedures. As you go from kind of a single procedure dVP focus, obviously you 
moved into hysterectomy. Now general is a much more wide-open space. In terms of sales force, how big does it have 
to get, say if you needed to – if you were looking at doubling revenues from here? What sort of sales force do you need 
compared to what you have today? 

<A - Jerry McNamara>: Well, I think that as we continue to serve different surgical specialties in higher volumes that 
will determine the allocation of the resources to the surgical specialty. As Gary made mention, in our long-term 
planning, we have our thoughts on what our sales force will look like. But I will tell you that in the immediate next year 
and few quarters, we're not going to take our eye off the ball, which is GYN, it's just a huge market opportunity. And 
honestly, we enjoyed some real good trends the past quarter and we continue – we want to continue to accelerate the 
expansion of the market. 

<Q - Sameer Harish>: Okay. And last follow-up on that GYN comment. You obviously have been making some 
investment in that space. Do you sort of see 2Q improvements as a consequence of those investments or was this 
something that was naturally occurring and the improvements in Q1 are maybe to come next year or second half? 

<A - Jerry McNamara>: Well, we had a specific focus at the end of Q1 to change the Q1 trend in Q2. And we were 
able to execute on the plan. 

Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer 

That was our last question. Thank you. While we focus on financial metrics during these calls, organizational focus 
remains on increasing patient value by improving surgical outcomes and reducing surgical trauma. I hope the following 
da Vinci surgery experiences will give you some sense of what this means in the lives of our patients. Rosa works in 
healthcare delivery in Kansas, and writes of her da Vinci experience. "I had a robotic hysterectomy on May 25, 2010. It 
has been three weeks since my surgery and I'm back to work and feeling great. 

I work in surgery as a surgical technician and have scrubbed in on robotic hysterectomies, open techniques and 
laparoscopic techniques over the past nine years. I can say from a medical standpoint that there is just no comparison 
between the open technique and the robotic technique. My mom had an open technique and was in the hospital for four 
days and missed eight weeks of work, plus got an infection and had to go back to surgery to repair the tissue. I left the 
hospital the same day I had surgery, I was sore from my abdominal incisions but never real pain. I took it easy for two 
weeks, but after the first week I was starting to feel back to normal. I returned to work two weeks after the procedure 
with no heavy lifting. It's three weeks today, and I can't say I feel pretty normal. My abdomen is not sore, and I haven't 
had any vaginal bleeding at all. I'm definitely an advocate for robotic surgery as a patient and as a surgical technician." 

Our second patient is William of Colorado. He describes his experience as follows. "After accidental discovery of a 2.5 
centimeter tumor on the bottom of the right kidney, I researched kidney cancer and likely next steps. My research told 
me I needed this surgery ASAP, via open or laparoscopic technique. The six to eight week recovery for the traditional 
open surgery and large incision was very concerning. 

"The da Vinci method became my focus, but finding an experienced and skilled surgeon was a challenge. I was looking 
for a surgeon who was young enough to have the da Vinci training and old enough to have many successful procedures 
under his belt. The doctor in the area where I live, had had Dr. Sarram perform the da Vinci on his kidney two years 
prior with a very successful outcome and recommendation for both Dr. Sarram and the da Vinci procedure. 

"After meeting Dr. Sarram it was obvious he met my criteria, causing the operation to be scheduled as soon as possible. 
I was very pleased with the outcome and was up, about and walking within 24 hours, feeling good, very good after 
seven days and performing normal activities after four weeks. da Vinci for this type of partial kidney removal is the 
only way to go. 15 years ago, the surgery would have been the open procedure removing the entire right kidney. I lost 


only 10% of my kidney with normal kidney function today." 

Patients like these are the strongest advocates for da Vinci surgery and form the very foundation of our operating 
performance. We have built our company to take surgery beyond the limits of the human hand and I assure you that we 
remain committed to driving the vital few things that truly make a difference. 

This concludes today's call. We thank you for your participation and support on this extraordinary journey to improve 
surgery and we look forward to talking to you again in three months time. 

Operator 

Thank you, and ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call for today. We do thank you for your 
participation and for using AT&T's executive teleconference. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


