Q3 2008 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Ron Pasek, Vice President, Treasurer 
• Jonathan Schwartz, Chief Executive Officer and President 
• Michael E. Lehman, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Corporate Resources 
Other Participants 

• Richard Gardner 
• Shannon Cross 
• Ben Reitzes 
• Jeff Fidacaro 
• Katy Huberty 
• David Bailey 
• Andrew Neff 
• Keith Bachman 
• Louis Miscioscia 
• A.M. Sacconaghi, Jr. 
• Bill Fearnley 
• David Wong 
• Chris Whitmore 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon. My name is Kathy and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the Sun Microsystems fiscal year 2008 third quarter results conference call. 

All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a 
question and answer period. [Operator Instructions] 

I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Ron Pasek, Vice President and Treasurer for Sun Microsystems. 

Ron Pasek, Vice President, Treasurer 

Good afternoon. Thank you for joining the Sun Microsystems quarterly conference call. I am Ron Pasek, Sun's 
Corporate Treasurer. With me today is Jonathan Schwartz, Sun's CEO, and Michael Lehman, Sun's Chief Financial 
Officer and Executive Vice President of Corporate Resources. The purpose of today's call is to discuss the results of 
Sun's fiscal year 2008 third quarter, which ended on March 30, 2008. 

During the last hour, we published a copy of the Operations Analysis data sheet, with nine quarters of financial and 
operations information, including the quarter completed on March 30, 2008. If you have not received the 
announcement or the detailed financial data sheet for any reason, or you wish to hear a replay of this conference call, 
you may log onto our website at sun.com/investors. We have also posted slides you can view on the web which 
accompany our prepared remarks. These slides may be viewed at the same URL: sun.com/investors. After the prepared 


remarks of our call today, we will devote the remaining time to Q&A. 

During the course of this conference call, we will be making projections and other forward-looking statements 
regarding expected future financial results and business opportunities. Our actual results may be very different from our 
current expectations. We encourage you to read the 10-Ks and 10-Qs that we file periodically with the SEC. These 
documents contain a discussion of the risks facing our business, including factors that could cause these 
forward-looking statements not to come true. We do not currently intend to update these forward-looking statements. 

In addition, during the course of the conference call, we may describe certain non-GAAP financial measures, which 
should be considered in addition to and not in lieu of comparable GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the ops 
analysis posted on our website at sun.com/investors for the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and 
related reconciliations. 

Now let's get to the financials. Sun's total revenues for the third quarter of fiscal 2008 were $3.266 billion, a decrease of 
0.5% as compared with $3.283 billion in revenue reported in the third quarter for fiscal 2007. Total gross margin was 
44.9% of revenue, an increase of 0.4 percentage points over the gross margin for the third quarter of fiscal 2007. Total 
R&D and SG&A expenses were $1.446 billion, a decrease of $25 million year over year. In the third quarter of fiscal 
2008, we recorded a $52 million tax provision. 

GAAP net loss for the third quarter of fiscal year 2008 was $34 million or a loss per share of $0.04 as compared with 
net income of $67 million or earnings per share of $0.07 for the third period of fiscal year 2007. 

Q3 Product revenues totaled $2.003 billion, a decrease of 2.8% year over year. Within Products revenues, computer 
systems product revenue was $1.473 billion, an increase (sic) [decrease] of 1.8% year over year. Storage products 
revenue was $530 million, a decrease of 5.4% year over year. 

Q3 Services revenue totaled $1.263 billion, up 3.3% year over year. Within Services revenue, support services revenue 
was $961 million, up 1.2% year over year. Revenue from professional services and educational services totaled $302 
million, an increase of 10.6% year over year. 

We ended the quarter with cash and marketable debt securities balance of $3.801 billion and generated positive cash 
flow from operations of $329 million. 

During Q3 '08, we repurchased 17.5 million shares of our common stock which equates to $300 million. Shares were 
repurchased at an average price of $17.15. There are currently $500 million remaining of the $3 billion share 
repurchase program we announced in Q4 '07. 

With that, I will turn it over to Jonathan. 

Jonathan Schwartz, Chief Executive Officer and President 

Great; thanks, Ron. First let me start with the obvious. Our third quarter was a challenging one in which US macro 
factors impacted our overall performance and really overshadowed the progress we made in other parts of the world. 
Our teams delivered growth in 12 out of 16 selling geographies during the quarter with double digit performance in a 
number of emerging markets. That being said, I am disappointed and I will spend time today talking you through 
various factors that came into play throughout the quarter that caused us to come in below our own expectations. I will 
then turn it over to Mike, who will walk through the various operational adjustments we will be making to best position 
Sun for efficiency and growth moving forward. 

To start, I want to recognize that it was a seasonally challenging quarter. This was expected. However, in addition 
during March we saw a substantive change in US sentiment along with a change in orders, mix, and closing with 
purchase decisions postponed on the basis of macroeconomic uncertainty. In terms of US vertical performance during 
the third quarter, our Financial Services business specifically in the Northeast was solid and on plan, while the majority 
of weakness came in our government vertical as well as industries with significant consumer exposure including 
retailers and the telecommunications sector. 


Collectively, this slowing had the most pronounced impact on the higher end of our system product sales from high end 
tape libraries to enterprise servers. The net result was a gap in US performance which given its prominence in our 
overall business, typically around 40% of total revenue, had a significant effect on our overall results. As Mike will 
review in a moment, we are going to be making some prudent steps to adjust our spending profile, positioning us for 
continued profitability and again improving financial performance. It's important to note we are continuously making 
choices to align strategically, geographically, and operationally with our plan for long term growth. This year will be 
no different. 

Turning to our progress in the quarter, we continue to see the market align with our investments around 
high-performance computing, open source innovation, eco-efficiency, and most importantly on using technology and 
network computing as a source of competitive advantage. As I mentioned earlier, we continue to see very strong 
growth in key markets outside of the US, namely across EMEA, Asia-Pacific, and the international Americas. More 
specifically, we see the emerging markets across these geographies as key components to our growth strategy as 
evidenced by 20% year over year growth in Brazil, 30% year over year growth in India, 8% growth in China, growth in 
Korea, Russia, and 18% growth in the Middle East, Africa, and eastern Mediterranean region. 

We are committed to making the necessary investments to support and fuel the momentum we see, driven by our open 
source platform from MySQL to OpenSolaris to our newly announced Open Storage platforms alongside our 
ultra-efficient Niagara and x86 systems. 

Turning to products, those Niagara platforms once again grew billings at an impressive clip of 110% up year over year 
to approximately 300 million, as productivity and efficiency remain among the highest priorities for our customers 
across the world. Our x86 systems business also continued to advance and we are seeing strong growth in our blades 
platforms, and wins in the burgeoning high-performance computing sector. 

Our disk based storage business was up 6% within the quarter and although we saw declines in libraries and high-end 
storage systems, we have a great variety of new open storage innovations to deliver to the market within the next few 
quarters, leveraging our open source VFS system to deliver differentiation, performance, and efficiency to a market 
we've historically been unable to reach. 

As for a few other highlights during the quarter, we signed a landmark collaboration agreement with the People's 
Republic of China Ministry of Education to cultivate integrated circuit engineering talent and industry development 
based upon our OpenSPARC open source silicon platform. This endorsement will introduce a generation of Chinese 
students to Sun and our innovation while providing China with the foundations of its own indigenous microelectronics 
capabilities. 

Secondly, we announced an award from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, known as DARPA, for 
research focused on microchip interconnectivity by an on-chip optical network enabled by Silicon photonics and 
proximity communication. This work will create more opportunity in differentiation for Sun in the construction of very 
high capability and productivity data center facilities. 

And finally, we announced the closing of two critically important acquisitions, furthering our presence in the open store 
software marketplace; first with innotek, whose VirtualBox products provide free desktop virtualization, especially to 
developers with multiple runtime and operating environments on their laptops; and then MySQL, the world's most 
popular open source database. The integration of these acquisitions continues to go well and with MySQL in particular, 
we found enormous receptivity to the technology and value proposition from among a broad spectrum of our customers 
who are already signing Sun services agreements. Just a sampling of these customers ranging from Web 2.0 startups to 
large enterprises, companies include Thomson Reuters, Glasses Direct, Newforma, and ScienceLogic. I'm also pleased 
to report that the MySQL team has performed on behalf of Sun from the minute we closed the deal this quarter. 

In closing, although this was a tough quarter considering the various factors I just reviewed, we feel the opportunity 
before us remains as strong as ever. From providing the world's first open storage platform to deliver solutions based 
on the number one open source database, and continuing the ramp of OpenSolaris on Sun and non-Sun hardware, we 
remain confident in the durability of our business and our ability to improve operational discipline and in the important 


product and go-to-market investments that we are making. 

With that, I would now like to pass it over to Mr. Lehman for more details and specifics on our results and a detailed 
look at the cost structure initiatives underway. 

Michael E. Lehman, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of 
Corporate Resources 

Thanks, Jonathan. I am going to provide a bit more detail about our Q3 results. We'll also talk about our current view of 
Q4 and the steps we are taking to enable us to make improvements in our business during the next fiscal year. 

As Jonathan mentioned earlier, our revenues came in substantially less than we had expected. This quarter's results 
truly reflect that one major geography, the US, did not meet expectations. At our Analyst meeting in February, I stated 
that we expected revenue growth in the second half of this fiscal year of at least 5%, and that we did not expect all that 
growth to occur in Q4. During the first week of March, we began to get signals from our larger US channel partners 
that they were not seeing the sell-through of products that they had expected. In each of the remaining weeks of March, 
we experienced a significant number of deferrals of purchases from many of our large US end-user customers as well. 

As a result, the US revenues decreased approximately 10% during Q3 on a year-over-year basis. With the US 
traditionally being approximately 40% of our business, we were not able to offset that decrease by the growth in the 
remaining geographies. We do not believe that much of this business was lost to competitors, as many of the deals and 
projects that we were tracking are still active in our pipeline today. However, our experience with such deferrals is that 
they don't all come back immediately and become additive to the next quarter. 

The overall revenue decrease in Q3 was experienced in both Computer Systems and Storage. In Systems, the shortfall 
was most noticeable at the high end of the product line; while in Storage, the shortfall was principally in the high end 
tape library and drive products. In fact, both Computer Systems and Storage missed our internal expectations by 
roughly the same amount, more than $100 million each in the quarter. The fact that the shortfall was in the higher end 
of both product lines is the principal reason for the sequential drop in products gross margin, which was 3.6 points 
percentage decrease from Q2 to Q3. 

Our Services business, despite challenges associated with the implementation of new systems for quoting, billing, and 
managing support, essentially met our expectations from both a revenue and margin standpoint. There are always 
difficulties when bringing up new systems and this was no exception. Our Professional and Educational Services 
practices, which principally assist customers with the design and implementation of Sun-based intellectual property, 
showed good year over year revenue growth in Q3, more than 10%. At the highest level, even with Q3 revenues that 
were more than 200 million below our internal expectations and a pronounced mix shift towards the midrange and 
lower end product sets, we improved our product gross margin slightly on a year-over-year basis. Our Services margins 
are quite volume sensitive and we also delivered a modest improvement in year over year service gross margins in Q3. 

As we said last quarter, currency continues to provide a positive impact to our EMEA and APAC based revenues as the 
US dollar continued to weaken. Generally speaking, our results include some benefit from exchange rate movements in 
both the revenue and gross margin lines. As in the past, such benefits are largely offset by the negative impact of such 
currency movements on our operating expenses as local currency based expenses are converted to US dollars. 

We also continue to make progress towards another longer term goal, that of a more durable and predictable business 
model. An increasing amount of deferred revenue is the proxy for that goal as it provides a stable base for future 
quarters' results. In Q3, deferred products revenue increased by approximately 28% on a year over year basis. This 
primarily reflects the timing of installation and/or acceptance of a broader set of products, which often has an ancillary 
benefit to us in terms of additional professional services. 

Our deferred service revenue was down 1% on a year-over-year basis in Q3. This is one area in which the system 
conversion did have a nominal impact on our balance sheet. Due to the timing of receipt of a number of purchase orders 


late in the quarter, we were able to process only a portion of the service contract for these customers. We were able to 
record the appropriate amount of revenue for the quarter but were unable to record the entire value of such contracts 
which would have been deferred revenue. We expect these contracts will be fully processed in Q4. The amount of 
unbilled and deferred revenue associated with these contracts at the end of Q3 was not significant. 

Turning to operating expenses, total R&D and SG&A expenses were down 25 million in Q3 on a year over year basis. 
This is due to continued savings from real estate consolidations, reduction of certain incentive payments, and a variety 
of other factors. 

I would point out that head count is up approximately 1,100 sequentially. We added approximately 600 people from the 
acquisition of MySQL, innotek, and Vaau. And as we had previously indicated, we believe we have opportunity to 
grow revenues in a number of emerging markets and accordingly have added approximately 300 people in our global 
sales organization. Additional head count was added in engineering and IT. We will continue to hire in areas where 
there are near term growth opportunities as well as where we can find and when we can find key engineering skills. 

I would like to summarize the impact of the MySQL acquisition on the results for the quarter. As most of you know, 
this transaction closed in late February. Our income statement reflects the results of the revenues and operating 
expenses of that business as well as a one-time charge for in-process R&D of approximately $22 million as well as one 
month amortization of certain acquired intangible assets. In short, as we had expected, the overall impact of this 
acquisition on our Q3 income statement was a decrease of approximately 30 to 35 million of net income or 
approximately $0.04 per share. 

From an integration standpoint, things are going well. Our teams are operationally connected already and customer 
response has been great. In Q4, the impact of MySQL is currently estimated to be in the same overall range as in Q3. 
This will reflect a near term full quarter impact of the standalone business and ongoing amortization. 

In Q1, we began reporting a non-GAAP measure that we entitled adjusted EBITDA. We believe that it is important to 
look closely at our company's fundamental value in addition to ways reported under Generally Accepted Accounting 
Principles. The principal measure that we use at Sun is adjusted EBITDA as that measure more effectively depicts the 
cash-generating capability of our quarterly results. During Q3, our adjusted EBITDA was $230 million or 7% of 
revenues, an increase of 7.5% on a year over year basis. 

Looking at Q4 and beyond, there are a number of factors that we are looking at. We continue to focus on revenue 
growth as a top priority and we are taking action to improve the level of profitability. In Q4, we intend to take a 
restructuring charge between 130 and $220 million. The actions include the reduction in force of approximately 1,500 
to 2,500 people. We expect that this will result in a more efficient coverage model with resources aligned to growth 
opportunities as well as a more focused and effective demand creation capability. We expect that this restructuring will 
lower our annual operating expenses by approximately 100 to $150 million on an annual basis. We expect the majority 
of this run rate benefit will be reflected in our income statement by Q2 next fiscal year. 

Given our Q3 experience in the US, we have revised our view of Q4 revenues. There still appear to be a number of 
customers whose spending plans are uncertain. We now view that our Q4 revenues will be roughly flat on a year over 
year basis. We still plan to complete the conversion of a number of our EMEA channel partners to sell-out as we did 
with our US and China partners in Q2. The impact of that change, which will be in the range of a 20 to $40 million 
reduction in revenues in Q4, is contemplated in the above statement. 

We do expect a sequential increase in gross margin for both products and services due to improved mix and volume 
respectively. Excluding the impact of MySQL and the restructuring charge, we expect to be solidly profitable in Q4 at 
the revenue level noted above. Our previously stated guidance ranges for the full fiscal year 2008 for R&D/SG&A of 

5.7 to 5.9 billion, stock-based compensation of 215 to 240 million, amortization of intangibles of 250 to 300 million, 
and a tax provision of 200 to 250 million are all still in an effect. 
Net interest income is now expected to be 150 to 170 million for the full fiscal year 2008. 


As we look at next fiscal year, the same uncertainties are on our minds. We had previously stated that we were 
targeting prior to the MySQL acquisition a GAAP operating income of at least 10% next fiscal year, and we are 
targeting a 9% level after this acquisition. 

As I spoke about this, I articulated that we were basing this on a combination of revenue growth, gross margin 
expansion, and operating expense reductions. It is clear that the single biggest inhibitor to our ability to achieve such 
results is in fact what we are seeing now, a major economy in some difficulty. 

We believe that we are on the right track. We are making the right investment and disinvestments, and plan to improve 
our profitability next fiscal year on an annual basis. At the highest level, we intend to grow our revenues, maintain 
annual gross margins, and reduce both R&D and SG&A in absolute dollars next fiscal year. We intend to capitalize on 
the previously identified opportunities to grow our business due to the acquisition of MySQL. 

We are currently targeting a GAAP operating margin including the impact of MySQL of at least 7% in FY '09. In our 
June quarter conference call, we will talk more about next year but I wanted to at least give you a sense of where we 
were headed at this time. 

With that, I will turn it back to Ron. 

Ron Pasek, Vice President, Treasurer 

Thank you, Mike and Jonathan. I need to make one correction. Computer systems product revenue was 1.473 million. 
It's a decrease of 1.8% year over year. 

Before we begin the question-and-answer session, I would like to request that each of you ask just one question 
consisting of one part. This way we hope to get through most of the questions in queue today. If there is time 
remaining, we'll be happy to take your follow-up questions. Operator, Kathy, will you please start the 
question-and-answer session? 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Richard Gardner from Citigroup. 

<Q - Richard Gardner>: Thank you very much. You talked about the weakness primarily being in the United States. 
But Europe also experienced a pretty sharp deceleration in local currency, and all the signs from your distribution 
partners point to further deceleration in Europe. So I'm wondering if you can talk a little bit about what you're seeing in 
Europe, whether you have seen any slowdown in business there toward the end of the quarter and what you think the 
outlook there is for the next quarter or two. Thank you. 

<A - Jonathan Schwartz>: Richard, this is Jonathan. For the most part, we haven't seen a similar slowdown or 
anything even close to what we saw in US. Interactions with our partners and customers from Europe have been as 
strong as ever. Again if anything, they are probably a little more focused on energy efficiency and moving toward open 
source. So I think we remain pretty confident and pretty optimistic about the opportunity in Europe. 

<A - Ron Pasek>: Operator, next question. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Shannon Cross of Cross Research. 


<Q - Shannon Cross>: Hi, yes, good afternoon. Can you talk a little bit more specifics about the restructuring, where 
you're targeting, how you think it will roll through, anything you can give us just to get a little more clarity since you've 
obviously been restructuring for a while, how you can do this without really impacting your revenue growth 
opportunities more than they are being impacted right now from the economic standpoint? 

<A - Michael Lehman>: It's Mike Lehman and as Jonathan mentioned up front, we are always looking at ways to 
invest more effectively and disinvest where we can. And generally speaking, these disinvestments that we will be 
making will be in areas that we believe will not have an impact on near term and longer term revenues. So it's not like 
we haven't been thinking about this. We have been talking about for years the overall intention to reduce absolute 
dollar R&D and SG&A expense. There are lots of ways to go do that. We have ongoing programs to do that. And in 
particular, this particular time around, we are targeting the reductions where we believe there will be not near term 
impact on revenues. 

<A - Jonathan Schwartz>: And maybe just to piggyback on that, in some of the decisions we make, we decide to 
concentrate on one investment rather than two but that initial investment could go in both markets. So the example 
would be, we recently announced a full lineup of open source storage platforms. Those are now built off of entirely the 
Solaris operating platform, leveraging the open source VFS file system. So on the one hand, we took R&D down as we 
removed some of the proprietary technology that preceded that decision. But on the other hand, we can now take 
Solaris, which was historically vectored at computers, and begin to use it to build out our storage business. So that's an 
instance obviously of doing more with less, and again I think that reflects the priorities we hear from our customers, as 
we move away from proprietary technology and really begin to eliminate their usage inside of Sun or across the 
product line. We see our customers doing the same thing. 

<A - Ron Pasek>: Operator, next question. 

Operator 

Ben Reitzes of Lehman Brothers, you may ask your question. 

<Q - Ben Reitzes>: Yes, good afternoon. Could you talk a little bit more about your product line and it just – perhaps 
you saw some weakness at the high end et cetera? How do we know it doesn't get worse in this economy? IBM has a 
couple of new products coming out or already out and it's increasing competitiveness. Can you just give us a better feel 
for why it might not get worse at the high end before it gets better? 

<A - Jonathan Schwartz>: Yes. Hey, Ben. 

<Q - Ben Reitzes>: Hey. 

<A - Jonathan Schwartz>: We're seeing a couple of things. One, customers are clearly using small numbers – sorry, 
large numbers of small computers to replace the need for very large computers, and that's why we saw our Niagara 
business grow as rapidly as it did, and there really is no analogy in our competitors' product lines for what we're doing 
with Niagara. It's an 8-core x 8-thread chip. It's the equivalent of a 64-way piece of silicon and that obviously allows us 
to achieve levels of efficiency that our peers can't. And again, I think that's reflected in the growth. 

Secondarily, we actually feel quite good about the competitiveness of our high end. Some of the decisions we saw in 
the third quarter were decisions to push out revenue into the fourth quarter and we've seen some of those decisions now 
closing in the fourth quarter. So we were very careful to go look through and see are these competitive issues, are these 
distribution issues, are these economic issues, or execution issues. And in every event that we could identify, they were 
decisions based on I think I'll exercise some caution and just put off the decision and see how things turn out. 

Not surprisingly, there is a notable investment bank on the East Coast that found itself being sold to another investment 
bank. Around the time of that transaction, we saw a lot of people wondering what was going to go on in the economy. 
And again, there was some level of anxiety building up to that but we see some lightening of that. And again, we feel 
very good about the competitiveness mix of our APL product line and the high end in general. Same thing, by the way, 


applies to the tape platforms. 

<A - Ron Pasek>: Kathy, next question. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Jeff Fidacaro of Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Jeff Fidacaro>: I was wondering if you can give us a little bit more color of – the revenues are looking flattish 
into the fourth quarter, how the regions are looking within that guidance and if you can talk a little more about some of 
the deals that got pushed out, the attach rates, and the impact there? 

<A - Michael Lehman>: It's Mike Lehman and I'm not going to give a forecast by the 16 geographies, but it's pretty 
clear at the highest level, we expect that the US would still be down slightly year over year. We don't expect it will be 
down as much as we saw in Q3, but we still expect as we look at the overall flat number, the US will be down a bit, 
offset by the growth in EMEA in APAC. And clearly many of the deals that we are talking about have systems and 
storage associated with them. Absolutely they are not separate deals. The fact that the two numbers were relatively 
close to each other is not just a coincidence though there are a lot of them that are linked that are systems and storage, 
when I talked about the shortfall. They are not all one for one but clearly there is a lot of affinity and a good attach rate. 

<A - Jonathan Schwartz>: I think just alongside that and just to make sure everybody is aware of this, it's going to be 
increasingly difficult for us to talk about attach rates when what is a storage device are exactly the same components 
and exactly the same operating systems that are used in building out our servers. So the industry is converging; we are 
one of the drivers of that convergence. And going forward, we are going to be clear about what our overall revenue is 
and using the intellectual property we have to enter as many markets with that common platform. 

<Q - Jeff Fidacaro>: Thank you. 

<A - Ron Pasek>: Kathy, next question. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Neff of Bear Stearns. Andrew Neff, you may ask your question. 
Our next question comes from Katy Huberty of Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Katy Huberty>: Thanks, good evening. Mike, can you go back over why product deferred revenues grew so 
much given the market slowdown you saw late in the quarter and maybe touch on what you have seen in terms of deal 
closings so for in April? 

<A - Michael Lehman>: Yes, so again, the growth in product deferred revenues we've seen actually continued fairly 
strongly in the last year, and it really is a reflection of the packaging of products and services that customers want. And 
again as you saw with our professional services revenue growth of more than 10%, we are participating in the design 
and build-out of data centers with our customers. And so there is often a combination of hardware and professional 
services that results in a longer time for implementation and acceptance and that's what we are seeing. 

And then again I think Jonathan touched on it a bit. We were tracking the pipeline in Q3. A lot of the deals are still 
there. Some of those are closed, but as I said, I don't think it's prudent to assume that all of the deals that got pushed are 
going to close in this quarter and then necessarily become additive to the prior run rate, which is why we think 
prudently just looking at the overall number in Q4 to be relatively flat year-over-year. 

<A - Jonathan Schwartz>: For a little more insight on the deferreds, we obviously have looked at the calendar and the 
timeframe within which we expect those deferreds to convert to revenue. We have also looked at the overall mix of the 
deferreds and it tends to be higher end systems and richer configurations because they are parts of higher value deals. 
So again, that's just a little bit of insight into what the future holds for us. 


<A - Ron Pasek>: Next question please? 

Operator 

David Bailey of Goldman Sachs, your line is open. 

<Q - David Bailey>: Yes, thank you very much. In addition to the macro environment, could you please give us an 
update on what's going on in the competitive front? I think you said that you didn't lose any share, but IBM was up 2% 
in their UNIX business this quarter and you were down 2%. If you can give us an update there, that would be great. 

<A - Jonathan Schwartz>: You bet. I don't really know how IBM counts because I think people look at iSeries as 
being off I think it was 20% plus. So it's really tough to get it on a unit-by-unit basis. So I think one geography in which 
we tended to struggle was the US; and again, I don't know how IBM breaks out US hardware performance specifically. 
That might be an interesting question to ask. 

But broadly speaking, we have seen endorsement and growth in the Solaris platform. That's both on our own hardware 
as well as in the markets that our partners are creating. And we have continued to sign up OEMs for Solaris and the fact 
that we have an open source operating system really doesn't have an analogy with most of our peers because they don't 
have operating systems in the open source community. 

And I think in terms of the share we are gaining on the Niagara front, we were up 100% year over year and I think it 
would be interesting to look at how you measure that. I think we tend to measure it on the whole and just see ourselves 
competitively as placed somewhat uniquely with a very attractive open source operating platform, and again one that 
we can use to enter not only new areas of the server market, but we can begin to much more aggressively push out into 
the storage market. 

<A - Ron Pasek>: Next question please? 

Operator 

Andrew Neff of Bear Stearns, your line is open. 

<Q - Andrew Neff>: I wanted to go back to the guidance you are giving. In the prior actually past couple of conference 
calls, you talked about that you would get to this, to the margin guidance and you would take steps, as I recall, to get 
there regardless. And now you seem to be saying the economy is what it is; we are just going to have to bring the 
guidance down. Why can't you pull additional levers to stay with the margin guidance that you gave before? 

<A - Michael Lehman>: I have talked about this long and often and probably in every meeting that I have been in. The 
good news for me is that I keep track of what I say and I have other people help me keep track of it. I have consistently 
stated for the last couple of years that in order to hit the 10% operating income, we needed reasonable but not dramatic 
revenue growth. We talked about that being low to mid-single digits for a couple of years compounded. That's a big 
factor. And while we have made tremendous progress on the gross margin expansion and we will take further action to 
reduce our operating expenses, at the end of the day, and I have been very clear and consistent about this, meaningful 
revenue growth for a couple years compounded is the principal driver. And absent that, it's going to be very, very 
difficult because we don't want to make short term choices to just hit an arbitrary operating income goal that would 
impact the longer term health of the business. 

<A - Ron Pasek>: Next question please? 

Operator 

Keith Bachman of Bank of Montreal. 


<Q - Keith Bachman>: Hi, Mike. I wanted to ask a question about gross margin. You mentioned that mix negatively 
influenced gross margin. Given how you describe the environment as well as the strength in Niagara, will mix continue 
to be a headwind as you look out over the next couple of quarters on gross margin? And I also just wanted to sneak in if 
you could give us your views on what you think FX did for you on an annual basis? Thanks. 

<A - Michael Lehman>: I'm not going to say anything more about FX than I have already. It's not a science in 
calculating that because the principal thing that FX doesn't take into account is pricing actions and the mix of the 
product. So, it has a minor impact on revenues and margin positive. We can see the negative impact on expenses; and 
net-net, it's not a huge number in our overall P&L. 

And in terms of the mix, again, many of the customers that we were tracking in our pipeline are the types of customers 
that were buying the high end systems and tape platforms. We do expect that a number of those and many of those 
deals are really pauses and deferrals as opposed to the fact that they went away. So we expect that we will see a 
rebound in the mix. We typically see a rebound in the mix in the fourth quarter as well. So some of it's historical, but a 
lot of it is just based upon the deals that we're tracking. 

<A - Ron Pasek>: Next question please? 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Lou Miscioscia of Cowen and Company. 

<Q - Louis Miscioscia>: Okay, thank you. I guess if we can just focus a little bit more on the product and maybe also 
on sales in the sense of it has been five quarters now where the high end really hasn't really lived up to I think the 
expectation. I know you have these APL servers out there but do you really have to accelerate bringing Rock in until 
you get to that or is it really going to be just meandering? And then alternatively with – I realize you are obviously 
doing very well with Solaris. Do you have to do something to really get outside of the install base to really sell some 
more of your high end systems to other accounts to really get the revenues growing again? 

<A - Jonathan Schwartz>: So in Q1 2008, this is Jonathan. The high end was up 24% year over year. Q2 we were up 
8%. This year I think we were down. So, it tends to be a pretty lumpy business but we're pretty pleased with the 
performance. And again, the fact that we had such a large Solaris community to draw from really helps to drive the 
competitiveness of the platform. So we feel pretty good about the high end and our high end is only improving as we 
speak. 

Now simultaneous to that, we are definitely building our Solaris business outside of our hardware business. As you 
know, Intel signed on as a Solaris OEM. Dell signed on as a Solaris OEM, and IBM is also now a Solaris OEM. And 
we continue – in fact, we recently signed another system vendor as an OEM and we continue to work with customers 
and partners across the world to bring Solaris to every platform on which they run, and now increasingly with VFS 
again on their storage devices. 

So I think broadly speaking, we're pretty happy with the adoption of the operating system on and off Sun. In terms of 
high end opportunities, those aren't going away. Typically, horizontally scaled systems tend to scale vertically, which is 
just a polite way of saying when you end up with 500 servers, sometimes they end up with 502 ways and 504 ways and 
then you end up thinking maybe SMPs are a good idea. So we're pretty comfortable. 

<A - Ron Pasek>: Next question please? 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Toni Sacconaghi of Sanford Bernstein. 


<Q - A.M. Sacconaghi, Jr.>: Yes, thank you. Mike, I just wanted to follow up on your comments around guidance for 
2009. You and Jonathan had stated right from the beginning that your goal was to set objectives that were achievable 
and to meet them. That was basically what you wanted to do. When pressed on the guidance for 2009 and the 10% 
operating margin, you basically said there were conditions around our meeting that and those conditions don't hold 
anymore, so that guidance doesn't really live up anymore. Can you reconcile this notion between setting targets that 
basically you are saying we are going to hit and that being a philosophy of yours and Jonathan's? And accordingly, how 
do we think about your now fiscal year '09 guidance of 8% operating margin? Is that also predicated on certain 
conditions and what kind of confidence can we have on those conditions? 

<A - Michael Lehman>: So, Toni, it's Mike. It's fair to say that we're disappointed that we're not able to go after the 
operating income targets that we set a couple of years ago. We do believe that is largely driven by the US economy and 
what's going on in the economy. We are not the only company affected by that. We believe that it's a fairly significant 
impact and it would be damaging to the long term health of the company to take arbitrary action just to hit that number. 
So we believe that in the circumstances – and by the way, I previously described those circumstances that if the 
macroeconomic factors went against us that that might cause us to revisit this area; so that is in fact what has happened. 
So while we're disappointed, we believe it's more prudent to take this action and set new goals for next year so the 
people have a sense of how we're looking at the business. 

<A - Ron Pasek>: Next question? 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Bill Fearnley of FTN Midwest. 

<Q - Bill Fearnley>: Yes, thanks. Mike, if I could ask another follow-up question on the restructuring here. How much 
of it is outside the US and does that delay the timing of the actions and the progress? And to your earlier comment if 
the economy does improve, with your restructuring guidelines here, would the cutbacks get smaller here over the next 
couple of quarters if you saw a recovery? 

<A - Michael Lehman>: As we look at the areas that we're investing in or disinvesting, when we make an 
announcement like this, we intend to make the disinvestments. Certain of the people affected are outside the US. We 
will know better about that early next quarter. At the highest level, there is a pretty good – better than a majority that 
are in areas and that's why we said we can record the majority of the restructuring charge in Q4. 

<A - Ron Pasek>: Next question? 

Operator 

David Wong of Wachovia, you may ask your question. 

<Q - David Wong>: Thank you very much. When you were – I think you said Services were pretty much in line with 
expectations, but hardware was quite a bit short for the quarter. Is there a different customer mix that led to these 
results or is it the same people who are finding that they need services but less hardware? 

<A - Jonathan Schwartz>: No. This is Jonathan. Typically what happens is you – Services tends to be a recurring 
revenue stream, which is on the one hand sensitive to unit volumes going out the door because people have the 
opportunity to buy services on new systems. But also there is a scale to that business because they have an existing 
install base of systems and they don't want to let them fall out of service or cease being current. So this was what we 
expected when we began to see the decline, which was that the services business would be more predictable and less 
bumpy than the sale of new systems. 

<A - Ron Pasek>: Next question please. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from Chris Whitmore of Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Chris Whitmore>: Thanks, good afternoon. When you see sharp slowdowns towards the end of the quarter, the 
channel tends to get caught with excess inventory. Some contacts have suggested that it is the case and there is too 
much Sun inventory out there in the channel. Can you comment on channel inventories in both the US and Europe as 
you exited the quarter? Thanks. 

<A - Michael Lehman>: Yes. It's Mike Lehman again. The good news for us is that we have been working very 
closely with our channel partners over the last six months, nine months as we've talked about so that we can improve 
our ability to ship predictably, on time, with minimal lead times; and therefore they have been able to lower the amount 
of inventory that they have. And as I mentioned, we have now gone to sell-through revenue recognition in the US and 
China. We will move to that in most of EMEA by the end of Q4. And so our view is that frankly, the channel 
inventories are low, continue to be low, at reasonable levels, and that has been an effective partnership. 

<A - Ron Pasek>: Next question please. 

Operator 

David Bailey of Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - David Bailey>: Hi, I just wanted to follow up on that with your internal inventory. It was up quite a bit 
sequentially. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the composition, whether you'll be able to work that 
done in the fourth quarter. 

<A - Michael Lehman>: It's Mike Lehman. The answer is yes. It was up a bit sequentially. That was in our view, as I 
mentioned, we had a revenue shortfall. We were building inventory for that revenue. We expect we'll be able to work 
through that revenue in the fourth quarter with no noticeable impact. 

<A - Ron Pasek>: Next question please. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Keith Bachman of Bank of Montreal. 

<Q - Keith Bachman>: Hi, thank you for taking my follow-up; two things on just the restructuring. Mike, again I 
wanted to go back to where the people are coming from because I didn't hear the answer to that. And then secondarily, 
if you're taking I think you said 1.5 to 2,000 – to 2,500 people out and extract savings of 100 to 150 million, that seems 
like a low ratio in terms of the benefit per person. 

<A - Michael Lehman>: Again, I am not going to attempt to quantify by geography. There will be a significant 
number that are in... 

<Q - Keith Bachman>: Not by geography, Mike; I was just thinking about R&D, sales, admin, any kind of 
categorization by functional area? 

<A - Michael Lehman>: What I've said we're going to take down total R&D spending and SG&A spending. Some of 
that will be because of head count reduction. Some of it will programs, as Jonathan alluded to earlier. So, we're not 
going to again forecast a breakdown by function. 

<A - Ron Pasek>: Next question please. 


Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We'll now take our final question from Bill Fearnley of FTN Midwest. 

<Q - Bill Fearnley>: Yes, thanks for the follow up. Jonathan, in the past you have talked about systems – about 
customers replacing existing systems with larger systems during projects like virtualization. Is that still true and what 
did you see for the trend on the quarter just past and what do you see here for the near term trend as well? Thanks. 

<A - Jonathan Schwartz>: That is still very much true. We saw actually outstanding growth on our blades business. 
We saw very good growth on more richly configured Niagara 2 systems. Again, those were really quite highly in 
demand. And so in some ways, it comes down to your definition of what's a big system. With the evolution of blades, 
you can get 48 blades in one rack. Are they small systems or is that a big system? So we still see that trend toward 
higher value systems and more richly configured systems as continuing unabated. I don't think that frankly at this point, 
it's ever going to slow down. So we see ample opportunity not only on the systems front and the storage front, but again 
the good news with working in the OpenSolaris community is the kernel at the heart of Solaris nodes at a scale to the 
tallest mountains and biggest systems. So we can provide an operating system for folks' laptops, for their storage 
platforms, for their systems platforms, for small systems and big systems alike. 

Ron Pasek, Vice President, Treasurer 

Thank you for joining us today. Investor Relations personnel will be back at our offices shortly to respond any further 
questions. You may contact us through our Investor Relations main number at 800-801-7869. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference call. We appreciate your participation. We are again providing an on core replay 
service this quarter. If you join just late or wish to hear any part of the conference call again, you may call the replay 
service any time after 3:30 PM Pacific Time today to hear a recording of this conference call. The phone number for 
the replay is 866-469-5765 or 203-369-1464. No passcode is required. 

Thanks again for taking the time to join today's conference call. This concludes today's call. You may disconnect at this 
time. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


