Q1 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Cherryl Valenzuela, Senior Investor Relations Manager 
• Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• David Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Ajit Pai 
• Mark Sue 
• Kevin Dennean 
• Troy Jensen 
• Jeff Evenson 
• Subu Subrahmanyan 
• Todd Koffman 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2011 JDSU Earnings Conference Call. My name is 
Regina and I will be your operator for today. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. Later we will conduct 
a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's event is being recorded for replay 
purposes. 

I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Ms. Cherryl Valenzuela, Senior Investor Relations 
Manager. You may proceed, ma'am. 

Cherryl Valenzuela, Senior Investor Relations Manager 

Thank you, Regina, and welcome, everyone, to JDSU's fiscal 2011 first quarter financial results conference call. 
Joining me on the call today are Tom Waechter, Chief Executive Officer, and Dave Vellequette, Chief Financial 
Officer. 

I'd like to remind you that this call will include forward-looking statements about the future financial performance of 
the company. Forward-looking statements are subject to risk and uncertainty that could cause actual results to differ 
materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to look at the company's most recent filings 
with the SEC, particularly the Risk Factors section of our annual report on Form 10-K filed on August 31, 2010. The 
forward-looking statements including guidance provided during this call are valid only as of today's date, and JDSU 
undertakes no obligation to update these statements as we move through the quarter. 

Please note that all numbers are non-GAAP unless otherwise stated. A detailed reconciliation of these non-GAAP 
results to our GAAP results, as well as a discussion of their usefulness and limitation, is included in today's news 
release announcing our results, which is available on our website at www.JDSU.com. As a reminder, the quarterly 
earnings press release, supplementary slides, and historical financial tables are posted at www.JDSU.com/investors 
under the Financial Information section. 


Finally, and as a reminder, this call is being recorded and will be available for replay from the Investors section of our 
website. 

I would now like to turn the call over to Tom. 

Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Cherryl, and good afternoon, everyone. I would like to begin by providing an overview of our Q1 financial 
results, followed by highlights of our business achievements in the quarter. JDSU reported revenue of $411.3 million 
inclusive of contributions from our NSD [Network Solutions Division] acquisition, which represents growth of 37.7% 
year-on-year and 3.3% sequentially. Book-to-bill for the company was above one for the sixth straight quarter, driven 
by strong bookings in our Optical Communications business. 

Gross profit of $195.1 million or 47.4% of revenue improved from 44% in the prior fiscal year and 45.5% last quarter. 
In both dollar and percentage terms, this represents the highest level of quarterly gross profit for the company in the last 
five years. 

JDSU also reported operating income of $44.4 million or 10.8% compared to 3.4% in the prior fiscal year and 9.3% in 
the prior quarter. This operating margin exceeds our guidance and is the second highest reported by the company in the 
last five years. It is within sight of our target operating model of 11% to 14% operating margin when quarterly revenue 
is greater than $415 million. 

Now let me provide highlights from each of our individual business segments. Given recent mixed messages with 
respect to the optical communications sector, I would like to begin with our CCOP segment. This segment is comprised 
of two businesses, Optical Communications and Lasers. The combined CCOP results are as follows: fiscal Q1 revenue 
was $168 million and operating margin was 14.4%, at the high end of our target model for this segment. Gross margin 
of 31.9% has improved by more than 11 percentage points year-on-year. Book-to-bill for this segment was greater than 
one. 

Now let me provide more color on each business. First, Optical Communications. Fiscal Q1 revenue was $143 million 
and gross margin was 29.5%. Gross margin improved by approximately 10 percentage points year-on-year and one 
percentage point sequentially due to primarily an increasing mix of new products and cost reduction activities. 

On the revenue side, the 66% year-on-year and 6% sequential revenue increase was driven primarily by growth in our 
ROADM, circuit pack, tunable XFP, and gesture recognition products. Revenue from products introduced within the 
last two years accounted for more than 60% of total revenue in fiscal Q1, exceeding our target of 50%. We believe that 
we are positioned very well with our customers and with our differentiated product offering to see continued growth in 
this business. 

Fiscal Q1 book-to-bill was significantly greater than one. Our combined book-to-bill was greater than 1.6 for our 
ROADM, circuit packs, and tunable XFPs. Our Optical Communications backlog entering fiscal Q2 was at the highest 
level in many years. We did have a few product lines where our book-to-bill was less than one in fiscal Q1. These were 
telecom pumps, passive components, and pluggables where the combined book-to-bill was approximately 0.85. 

I would now like to provide an update on some of our key products, beginning with our tunable XFP. In Q1, tunable 
XFPs accounted for approximately 7% of total Optical Communications revenue. Since its introduction, JDSU has 
shipped more than 12,000 tunable XFPs, and we believe demand will remain strong as customers design new variants 
of the product. 

In September at the ECOC trade show, we highlighted an enhanced tunable XFP, which features technology that 
provides improved performance for network transmission, including increased optical output power and improved 
optical signal-to-noise performance. We are executing our tunable roadmap to continue to provide additional 
differentiated products to our customers. 


Gesture recognition also grew for the fourth consecutive quarter. As a reminder, we supply two key products for a 
current gaming platform: laser diodes from our Optical Communications business and optical filters from our AOT 
segment. The combined revenue from these two products in fiscal Q1 was greater than 3% of total JDSU revenue. 

ROADM revenue grew more than 150% year-on-year and 9% sequentially, and was again over 25% of total Optical 
revenue. Book-to-bill for ROADMs continues to be significantly over one. Revenue for the Super Transport Blade has 
grown 14 times in the past year and 28% sequentially. 

Our Mini 50 gigahertz and Mini 100 gigahertz WSS product lines are also significant contributors to our continued 
success in the market, as they now represent more than 50% of our total ROADM revenue. This quarter we enhanced 
our offerings by introducing low port count WSS products for both the Mini 50 and Mini 100 offerings. These low port 
count offerings are designed to provide high performance but lower cost points for edge and metro regions of the 
network. Our market leadership in ROADMs was recognized by Infonetics Research last month. 

Additionally, we are seeing strong demand for our 40 and 100 gigabit products. Through close collaboration with our 
customers, we are winning design slots for our components at the leading network equipment manufacturers. Our 
component and module roadmap is strong, and through partnerships with key suppliers and customers, we believe we 
will continue to see strong traction with our customers for both line side and client side 40 and 100 gigabit solutions. 

Demand continues to exceed shipments across the majority of our product lines, and we are steadily ramping our ability 
to supply these products in greater volume, particularly for our competitively differentiated products such as the 
tunable XFP, Super Transport Blade, gesture recognition, and ROADMs. 

Early in fiscal Q1 we had a number of external supply constraints. These constraints eased later in the quarter and this 
led to better capacity utilization and increased shipments as we progressed through Q1. Since June, we have increased 
our production capacity significantly and we expect that over the course of the fiscal year, we will have added 50% 
more operating capacity. 

Turning to our Lasers business within the CCOP segment, fiscal Q1 revenue grew approximately 11% sequentially to 
$25 million, while gross margin improved to 45.5% due to product mix and continued cost improvements. Book-to-bill 
was less than one for the quarter. The recently launched JDSU 4 kilowatt fiber laser product continues to gain market 
traction. 

Incorporated into the heart of the Amada laser cutting system for metal processing applications, the JDSU laser enables 
up to three times higher processing speed on thick materials as compared to traditional CO2 laser technologies. Only 
last week Amada won Best Product at the EuroBLECH international sheet metal trade show in Germany for this 
system. We expect the 4 kilowatt fiber laser to be shipping at low volume in the beginning of calendar 2011 and in full 
production by the summer of 2011. 

We are also developing a new fiber-based class of pulse lasers. These new lasers will expand the capabilities of existing 
products used in high precision micro-machining applications. We expect first revenue from these new lasers to start in 
fiscal 2012. 

Moving on to the CommTest segment, last month we named David Heard as the President of our Communications Test 
and Measurement segment. David brings a depth of experience and extensive industry knowledge to this role in areas 
that are key to JDSU's growth strategy. During his 20 years in the communications sector, David has grown and 
managed a range of networking and wireless businesses, and has extensive operational and international experience. I 
am pleased to welcome David to JDSU's senior leadership team and I look forward to his contributions. 

Turning to fiscal Q1 results, CommTest revenue was $182.8 million, an increase of 27.5% year-on-year and a 
sequential decrease of 1.8% due to the impact of backend loaded orders and deferred software revenue. CommTest 
book-to-bill was less than one. Gross margin was 60.7%, more than four percentage points higher than the prior 
quarter's gross margin of 56.1%, as a result of continued execution on cost reduction initiatives, as well as product mix 
including greater NSD revenue. Operating margin also improved sequentially to 11.9%. 

In its first full quarter with JDSU, NSD was accretive to earnings. 


While LTE related revenue was a small portion of the total, our unique end-to-end LTE solutions puts us in a position 
of strength as the number of global carriers committed to deploying LTE continues to rise. For LTE projects, we 
currently are working with 30 customers on protocol tests, 25 customers on drive tests, and nine customers for service 
assurance. We have recently announced engagements with SingTel and Chunghwa Telecom, two leading carriers in 
Asia-Pacific. LTE revenue currently is being led by protocol and drive test offerings with service assurance to follow. 

As service providers deploy LTE and high speed packet access technologies across more cell sites to cope with both 
growing numbers of mobile broadband subscribers and increased user bandwidth, efficient backhaul of mobile traffic 
remains a priority. Infonetic reports spending on mobile backhaul Ethernet equipment will be $1.8 billion this calendar 
year with a compounded annual growth rate of 35.1% from 2009 to 2014. 

Our leadership in helping service providers turn up power to cross North America positions us to earn new business as 
service providers worldwide begin to deploy this technology. Frost & Sullivan recognized our market traction by 
awarding JDSU a 2010 Market Penetration Leadership Award for gigabit Ethernet test equipment. The cumulative 
effects of higher bandwidth demand, more video across networks, and richer mobile applications continues to push 
upgrades across the metro and core networks. 

We shipped 17 40G and 100G test systems in the quarter to customers worldwide. Ten of these systems were new 
customers for 40G and 100G. As 40G and 100G migrate to the field, our presence in the lab positions us with a 
competitive advantage to earn revenue as these higher speed networks are deployed. 

We saw sequential revenue growth in North America. Fiscal Q1 highlights included significant growth in revenue from 
the U.S. federal government, steady sales to support Ethernet backhaul testing, and sales for mobility applications 
including a multimillion dollar first office application for LTE. 

The quarter also delivered major CommTest wins in other regions including a multimillion dollar deal for service 
assurance in Europe; multiple sales of our optical network management system in Eastern Europe, Africa, and 
Asia-Pacific; our first win in Sri Lanka for 3G UMTS; key wins for DOCSIS 3.0 in Latin America and EMEA; mobile 
verification tests in Middle East and Africa; and multiple protocol tests and drive test wins worldwide. 

JDSU's continued focus on collaborative innovation resulted in products and features introduced within the last two 
years accounting for approximately 45% of CommTest revenue in fiscal Q1. 

Our remaining segment is Advanced Optical Technologies or AOT. Fiscal Q1 revenue was $60.5 million, an increase 
of approximately 11% sequentially. Gross margin was 50.4%, while operating margin was 36.5%. Book-to-bill was 
less than one. Revenues for the quarter included growth in currency pigments for bank notes, continued recovery in the 
transaction card market, and growth in the use of our optical filters for consumer applications. 

In order to meet growing demand for optical coatings and filters in a cost-efficient manner, we formally opened a new 
facility in Suzhou, China to manufacture high precision optical coatings for a wide variety of markets that include 3-D, 
gesture recognition, theater projection, and sensing applications. This also supports our strategic initiative of expanding 
our presence in the Asian market. 

As I conclude my formal remarks, I would like to thank our employees for their focus, commitment, and contributions 
this quarter. I would also like to thank our customers, partners, vendors, and long-term shareholders for their continued 
support of JDSU. 

With that, I'll hand the call over to Dave who will take you through the details of our financial performance in Q1 and 
will discuss our outlook for Q2. 

David Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Tom. Before I start, please note that all numbers are non-GAAP unless I state otherwise. First quarter 
revenue of $411.3 million was up 3.3% from the prior quarter, and up 37.7% when compared to the first quarter of 


fiscal 2010. Revenue was at the lower end of our previously stated guidance. 

CommTest revenue was impacted by seasonal backend loaded orders and deferred revenue – software revenue, while 
CCOP revenue growth was constrained by vendor lead times and test capacity at the beginning of the quarter. Both 
supply and capacity constraints in CCOP steadily eased during the quarter. 

First quarter gross margin was 47.4% of revenue, up from the previous quarter's gross margin of 45.5% and up from 
first quarter fiscal 2010's gross margin of 44%. The first quarter gross margin improvement reflects improved margins 
in CommTest due to favorable product mix and a full quarter of NSD revenue, and improved margins in our CCOP 
segment. 

Operating expenses for the first fiscal quarter of $150.7 million were at 36.6% of revenue, a slight increase from the 
prior quarter's 36.2% of revenue. As a result of improved gross margins, our operating income for the quarter of $44.4 
million was 10.8% of revenue, which compares to a 9.3% operating margin for the prior quarter. 

Net income for the first quarter of $44.8 million or $0.20 per share compares to a fourth quarter fiscal 2010 net income 
of $33.1 million or $0.15 per share. Net income and earnings per share for the quarter benefited from a favorable 
effective settlement of uncertain tax positions in the amount of $4.5 million or $0.02 per share. 

A detailed reconciliation of our non-GAAP results to our GAAP results is available today – in today's press release. 
Our first quarter non-GAAP operating results exclude among other items amortization of acquired technology and 
intangibles of $22.7 million, a $9 million charge related to stock-based compensation, an acquisition accounting 
adjustment to revenue of $6.1 million, and non-recurring charges primarily related to NSD of $5.4 million. 

Including the noted items, the first quarter fiscal 2011 GAAP net income was $100,000 or breakeven on an earnings 
per share basis, which compares to a prior year first quarter GAAP net loss of $31.9 million or a loss of $0.15 per 
share. 

Now looking at quarterly revenue by region, Americas revenue of $206.5 million or 50.2% of total revenue was up $12 
million from the prior quarter, driven primarily by increased revenue from North American service providers and 
network equipment manufacturers. EMEA revenue of $104.2 million or 25.3% of total revenue was approximately flat 
from the prior quarter. And Asia-Pacific revenue was $100.6 million or 24.5% of total revenue, up $1 million from the 
prior quarter. 

Moving to the segments, in the CCOP segment the breakout of the key metrics for Optical Communications and Lasers 
is as follows: Optical Communications revenue in fiscal Q1 was $143 million, up 6.2% when compared to the prior 
quarter's revenue and up 66.3% when compared to the prior year. Due to supply and capacity constraints, we were 
unable to ship over $10 million of Optical Communications demands this quarter. 

We saw strong sequential growth in the Americas and EMEA regions, while Asia-Pacific revenue declined sequentially 
due to supply constraints which limited shipments to this region. Sequential ASP decline was less than our historical 
quarterly range of 2% to 4%. 

Gross margin for the quarter was 29.5%, up from the prior quarter's gross margin of 28.5%. The sequential 
improvement was driven by product mix, better factory utilization, and cost reduction activities. We believe our Optical 
Communications gross margin can be between 30% and 35% when quarterly revenues are $150 million or more. 

In our Lasers business, first quarter revenue of $25 million was up approximately 11% when compared to the prior 
quarter. Gross margins were 45.5%, up from the prior quarter's gross margin of 44.6% due to product mix and cost 
structure improvements. 

Total CCOP revenue was $168 million, up 6.8% from the prior quarter. Gross margin was 31.9% and operating income 
was $24.2 million or 14.4% of revenue, at the high end of our targeted operating margin range of 10% to 15%. 
Profitability in this segment continues to improve due to higher revenue levels, improved factory utilization, and a 
higher mix of Laser revenue. 


Now moving on to our CommTest segment, first quarter revenue of $182.8 million was down 1.8% from the previous 
quarter and up 27.5% from the prior fiscal year. The sequential revenue decrease was due to seasonal backend loaded 
orders, which resulted in the deferral of $4 million of end of quarter shipments. 

In addition, we deferred $7 million of NSD software revenue that will be recognized over the next four quarters. NSD 
revenue recognized in the quarter was approximately $30 million. With a full quarter of NSD revenue, service 
assurance is now greater than 20% of CommTest revenue. 

On a regional basis, we saw a seasonal decline in the EMEA and Asia-Pacific regions with lower field test and lab and 
production revenue. CommTest revenue did increase sequentially in the Americas region, as Tom noted earlier. 

Fiscal Q1 gross margin for CommTest of 60.7% was at the high end of our targeted range of 57% to 61%. The gross 
margin improvement was driven by improved product mix which included higher revenues from the NSD business, as 
well as cost structure improvements. CommTest operating profit was $21.7 million or 11.9% of revenue, which 
compares to 11% in the prior quarter. Targeted operating margins for CommTest are between 20% and 23%. 

For the Advanced Optical Technologies or AOT segment, fiscal Q1 revenue was $60.5 million or 10.8% compared to 
the prior quarter, driven by strength in our currency pigment, transaction card, and consumer electronic applications 
businesses. As previously noted, the currency products will see demand fluctuate according to the level of bank note 
printing needs. 

Fiscal Q1 gross margin for our AOT business was 50.4%, down from 51.9% in the prior quarter. This is due to higher 
manufacturing spend in our new Suzhou, China facility. AOT operating profit for the quarter was $22.1 million or 
36.5% of revenue, up 2.3 million from the prior quarter due to the higher revenues. The AOT segment continued to 
operate in its targeted operating margin range of 34% to 37%. 

Moving to the balance sheet, for fiscal Q1 2011, the company generated $35.7 million of cash from operations. Capital 
expenditures totaled $23.3 million or 5.7% of revenue. At the end of fiscal Q1, the company held $620 million in total 
cash and short-term investments. Headcount as of October 2, 2010 was 4,744. 

Now to our Q2 guidance, based on our current visibility, we expect CommTest and CCOP revenues to each grow 
between 6% and 10% in fiscal Q2. CommTest has additional potential revenue of up to $10 million from carrier 
end-of-year budget flush. CommTest operating margins are estimated to be between 15% and 18%. AOT revenue is 
expected to decline by slightly more than 10% due to cyclical softening of currency pigment demand and delays in 
printing of the U.S. $100 bill. This will also reduce AOT operating margin to below 30%. 

Operating expenses are expected to be between $159 and $162 million due to variable selling costs, increased R&D 
investment, and incremental IT infrastructure investment. Taxes, interest, and other expenses are expected to result in a 
net expense of $5 to $6 million. 

Share count for calculating EPS is expected to be approximately 230 million shares. Capital equipment purchases will 
be between 5% and 6% of revenue as we invest in our Suzhou facility and in expanding our capacity for Optical 
Communications products. Taking into consideration the factors above and based on our current visibility, we expect 
second quarter revenue to be between $425 and $450 million, and non-GAAP operating margin to be between 10% and 
12%. 

Thank you, and Operator, we will now take questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question today comes from the line of Ajit Pai with Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Ajit Pai>: Yeah, good afternoon. 


<A - David Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer>: Hi, Ajit. 

<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Ajit. 

<Q - Ajit Pai>: Yeah, a couple of quick questions. I think you've seen very broadly a number of comm equipment 
vendors that your customers over there guide down sequentially for the December quarter, and you had mixed results 
out of some of your competitors on the optical component side. So what is your view right now of what's happening? 

You've talked about tremendous bandwidth growth. You've talked about capacity constraints in the network. What do 
you think is happening and why are you seeing some of these pushouts and staggered spending or supply chain 
correction taking place? Could you give us some view what you think is happening? 

<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I guess we can just really speak directly about our 
business. But we're not seeing any major pushouts at this point like some others have reported, and we believe that our 
differentiated products like the tunable XFP, Super Transport Blade, and some of our ROADM products are really in 
the sweet spot of the demand cycle. So we're not seeing any significant pushout or really weakening in the demand. As 
we mentioned, we went into our Q2 quarter with a very extensive backlog and continued strong demand. 

<Q - Ajit Pai>: Got it. And then just looking at the commentary that you made about the 40 and 100 gig systems, I 
think you're referring to those sales primarily into R&D labs, and then you talked about being well positioned on the 
field test side. So could you give us some indication since you are speaking with customers on the carrier side as well 
as the equipment side, when do you expect the acceleration in field test for 40 and 100 gig to begin to start taking 
place? 

<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We're seeing some of that on 40 gig already. As I 
mentioned, we had a number of products shipped out to customers – 40 gig products during the first quarter. I think – 
so that's happening on 40 gig and we believe that will continue to accelerate because of the bandwidth demands. 100 
gig will take obviously longer to move out of the lab, and expect that will be out into later calendar year '11 and 
beyond. 

<Q - Ajit Pai>: And when do you expect 40 gig to be material to the overall test and measurement business? 

<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: As I say, as we move into the second half of next 
calendar year, of calendar year '11, we'd expect that to – be seeing revenues that are noticeable in our total CommTest 
numbers. 

<Q - Ajit Pai>: Got it, thank you. 

<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your next question, gentlemen, comes from the line of Mark Sue with RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Thank you. Just a clarification, is the revenue guidance, 415 to 440 million with a potential of 10 
million extra for the budget flush, or is it actually 425 to 450 with a potential for 10 million, making the high end of the 
range 460 million, just some clarification there? 

<A - David Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, I think you want to think of it as 425 to 450, and the 450 
includes up to $10 million of budget flush. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Okay, so 450 will be the upper limit. And then maybe if you could help us qualitatively, with the 
book-to-bill less than one in CommTest, Lasers, and Advanced Optical, do we – is it typically less than one at this point 
of the year? Is this just kind of – are you seeing more terms business? Just your comfort level with the sequential 
growth guidance, considering the book-to-bill more than one in these segments? Thank you. 


<A - David Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, in the Test and Measurement business, it is pretty typical 
for it to be less than one for the quarter ended September, as you have the – as we noted, the orders are pretty quiet in 
the August timeframe as the European markets get very quiet for us, and then the orders start to come in the September 
and late September timeframe. And we noted how we saw the orders very backend loaded in fact in September, so that 
is not atypical. 

I think in the AOT business, as we noted, that we believe that revenue will come down based on again, it has more to 
do with bank note printing needs, and those are really the two areas where we had the book-to-bill less than one. And 
again, I think we guided AOT appropriately and CommTest is pretty typical for that quarter. 

<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, I think specifically on AOT with the bank 
notes, it's been publicly announced that the $100 bill is moving out as far as volume introduction, so that's – probably 
had a bigger impact on this quarter than normally. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Okay, one last question, on linearity, should we expect December quarter linearity to improve from 
the September quarter? 

<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think in CommTest, it will be better than the 
September quarter, with the exception of what gets flushed at the end of December. That's always an exception. But I 
think the normal base business, we do expect that it will have better linearity. The September quarter is especially 
impacted by vacations, and by the time people get back from vacation and get back into the ordering cycle, it gets 
really late into the quarter. But it will improve in December, but back end flush will sack some additional orders in 
December. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Okay, thank you, gentlemen. Good luck. 

<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Mark. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Dennean with Citi. 

<Q - Kevin Dennean>: Great, thanks very much. I guess a question on optical components, can you talk a little bit 
about the drivers from here to get to the upper end of your gross margin range? 

<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think on optical components from a gross 
margin standpoint, we continue to pick up manufacturing or operation efficiency, so that's going to be a significant 
driver. So some of the new products, as they're moving into higher volumes, will get better yields through the – both 
through our fabs and through the CM partners, and that will have an impact. 

And then I think also the mix. As we mentioned, 60% of our revenue in Q1 was from the newer products, and we 
expect that will continue to increase as we go through the rest of the fiscal year. So I think it's primarily a combination 
of those two factors. 

<Q - Kevin Dennean>: And then, Tom, as a follow-up to that, with expanding – with further expansion in gross 
margins, should we expect to see that drop down to the operating margin line? 

<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, because I think from operating expense, I 
don't see a significant increase in the operating expenses proportionally to that incremental revenue. So I think you will 
see a healthy amount of that drop down. 

<Q - Kevin Dennean>: And then one last quick one, if I could, the component shortages that you cited in the 
beginning of the quarter, could you give us some color on what sort of components they were, the magnitude of it, and 
the state of affairs today? It sounds like the component shortage has fully eased, but if you could give us some insights? 


<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, so it's, again, primarily around integrated 
circuits have been probably the primary shortage with trying to ramp in the semiconductor industry. I would say that 
that did ease as we went through the quarter and improved significantly. We also saw power supplies become one of 
the more significant items on our [inaudible] bringing material shortages in. As we were initially entering the quarter, 
we did see that ease somewhat during the quarter and we expect that will continue to get better. 

<Q - Kevin Dennean>: Great, thank you very much. 

<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Troy Jensen with Piper Jaffray. 

<Q - Troy Jensen>: Hey, a quick question for Dave and a – follow-up here, the optical gross margin guidance of 30 to 
35 at revenues 150 million and higher, I'm assuming it's 30% gross margins at 150. What revenue level would you need 
to reach 35% gross margins? 

<A - David Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer>: Well, it depends on the mix right, first, and then of course if we're 
at the higher end products that have fewer competitors, et cetera, we're really not talking about what that dollar amount 
would be exactly. So I think that's a fair statement to say. As we cross 150, we should be able to get to the 30, and then 
beyond that, it has a lot more to do with the mix and the competitive nature of the offerings at the time. So I really 
didn't give a number on that. I think this is sort of a range that we're going to shoot for. And as we go through the 150 
level, we'll see how we can get closer to that – operate consistently in that 30% to 35% range. 

<Q - Troy Jensen>: Right, got you. And then a quick one for Tom here, colorless, directionless, and contentionless 
ROADMs, just curious to know you guys's roadmap there and when do you think carriers are really looking for CDC 
ROADMs? 

<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It's definitely on our roadmap, and I think the 
introduction of those type of products is always difficult to give the exact timing, but we would see it out into calendar 
2011. I don't believe we'll see significant volume with those products in this calendar year. 

<Q - Troy Jensen>: All right. Good luck going forward, gentlemen. 

<A - David Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks, Troy. 

<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Evenson with Sanford Bernstein. 

<Q - Jeff Evenson>: Hi, I was wondering if you could give us some more color on your gesture recognition business. 
I'm interested in both the timing of the orders, how would you expect your revenue in the December quarter to compare 
to the September quarter? And also if you could talk a little bit about the ratio of your revenues divided between CCOP 
and AOT? 

<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, from the division of revenue between CCOP 
and AOT, it's approximately one-third AOT and two-thirds CCOP as far as the split. And then I think as far as 
volumes, we will see higher volumes in the December quarter than we saw in the September quarter, so we see a 
continued ramp through December quarter. Then to some degree beyond that, it depends on bringing on new customers 
and how the sales beyond this initial offering of the gaming products grows. 

<Q - Jeff Evenson>: Great, thank you. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Subu Subrahmanyan [The Juda Group]. 

<Q - Subu Subrahmanyan>: Hi, thank you, two questions. First, can you talk a little bit about NSD? You mentioned 
that the revenue contribution this quarter was 30 million. There was a $7 million deferral, but the run rates for that 
business had been about 40 million in 2009, so just wondering kind of when you expect to get back to that run rate and 
what are the factors playing there? 

And then the other question I had was on the operating margin goal of 11% to 14%. At the mid-point of your range, 
you get to the low end of that level just after this quarter. But you know, that's a level that you guys had expected to be 
at on a sustained basis starting December quarter. And I'm just wondering if you're still feeling that that's achievable 
not just for the December quarter but also going forward? 

<A - David Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer>: Okay, let me talk about the – on the NSD, so because of the mix 
of the products and the software recognition rules, we deferred the 7 million. As you remember last quarter, previous 
quarter we deferred about 5 million. We expect that as these deferrals roll off, we'll get those benefits in the December 
quarter. Right now I would say that we're looking at the revenue level to get closer to that 40 million range as we get in 
the December and the March quarter timeframe. So it has more to do with the mix and the software revenue recognition 
rules. As you can see, we shipped $37 million of value in the quarter and were only able to recognize 30 million 
because of the deferrals. 

Your next question was about the operating margin range in that we did 14.4% operating margin which is at the higher 
end of the range. And then if the revenues stay above the 150 range, we'll look at adjusting potentially those ranges of 
the 10% to 15% for CCOP going forward. 

<Q - Subu Subrahmanyan>: Dave, actually it was for the full company, my question was, the 11% to 14% level that 
you'd talked about. The mid-point of the guidance for December gets you there. I was wondering about the 
sustainability of that for the full company. 

<A - David Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, so we believe that we get there in the quarter because the 
revenues will be above the minimum range, as we said. And so we think we're now at a model that we could 
sustainably stay in that 11% to 14% range. And again, as you can see, the mix is what has impact on that. AOT in the 
quarter, the mix will change where they're coming out. They'll be dropping 10% and that their operating margins will 
be dropping. But I think now we have a mix of products and profitability that allows us to stay in those operating profit 
ranges that we've identified in the model. 

<Q - Subu Subrahmanyan>: Got it. And final question on just seasonality, CommTest seasonality for fourth quarter 
is usually more pronounced especially field services segment than the 6% to 10% kind of number that you're talking 
about. Is it just macro factors, lower kind of U.S. sequential ramp for Test and Measurement CapEx? Why is it more 
muted this year than previous years? 

<A - David Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer>: Subu, when I look at the – if you look at the history, it's the – the 
budget flush is really what's helped grow it beyond what I'll say that the range that we provided here, and that's why we 
identified the budget flush as incremental to that 7 to 10. So as we get the benefit of that, that should help us provide a 
incremental increase, provided that budget flush shows up, similar to what you've seen in the past. 

<Q - Subu Subrahmanyan>: Got it, thank you. 

<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Subu. 

Operator 


Your next question comes from the line of Todd Koffman with Raymond James. 

<Q - Todd Koffman>: My question was answered, thank you. 

Operator 

With that, I'll turn the call back over to Tom Waechter for closing remarks. 

Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Operator. As our call concludes, I'd like to reiterate some key points. First, JDSU continues to improve its 
business model. Today we reported the company's highest gross margin and second highest operating margin in five 
years, while at the low end of our revenue guidance. We are within sight of our target operating model of 11% to 14% 
operating margin when quarterly revenue is greater than $415 million. Our objective is to attain this model by the end 
of fiscal Q2. 

The integration of the NSD acquisition is proceeding as expected with an accretive contribution in its first full quarter 
inside of JDSU. While we work through unanticipated software and service-related revenue deferrals, we did realize 
cost and revenue synergies in fiscal Q1 and we are bullish on the wireless and LTE growth opportunities this business 
provides. 

The demand for our products remains strong as carriers continue to make investments in order to meet the need for 
greater bandwidth worldwide. We expect to continue growing our business as supply constraints ease in our Optical 
Communications and Test and Measurement businesses, and we invest in incremental capacity for our Optical 
Communications and AOT businesses. Our relentless focus on collaborative innovation leading to a significantly 
increased revenue level from new products continues to contribute to improved financial performance. 

Thank you again for taking the time to join us on this earnings call. We appreciate your interest in JDSU. Have a great 
evening. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation 
and you may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


