Q4 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Cherryl Valenzuela, Investor Relations 
• Thomas H. Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• David W. Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Mark Sue 
• Troy Jensen 
• Jeff Evenson 
• Paul Bonenfant 
• Ajit Pai 
• Natarajan Subrahmanyan 
• Todd Koffman 
• Greg Mesniaeff 
• Cobb Sadler 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fiscal Fourth Quarter 2010 JDSU Earnings Conference Call. My 
name is Melanie and I'll be your coordinator today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator 
Instructions] And as a reminder, today's call is being recorded. 

I would now like to turn the call over Cherryl Valenzuela, Senior Manager of Investor Relations. Please proceed. 

Cherryl Valenzuela, Investor Relations 

Thank you, Melanie, and welcome to JDSU's fiscal 2010 fourth quarter and year-end financial results conference call. 
Joining me on the call today are Tom Waechter, Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Vellequette, Chief Financial 
Officer. 

I'd like to remind you that this call will include forward-looking statements about the future financial performance of 
the company. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that would cause – or that could cause 
actual results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to look at the company's 
most recent filings with the SEC, particularly the Risk Factors section of our report on Form 10-Q filed May 7, 2010 
and our most recent annual report. 

The forward-looking statements, including guidance, provided during this call are valid only as of today's date and 
JDSU undertakes no obligation to update these statements as we move through the quarter. 

Please note that all numbers are non-GAAP, unless otherwise stated. A detailed reconciliation of these non-GAAP 
results to our GAAP results, as well as a discussion of their usefulness and limitations, is included in today's news 
release announcing our results, which is available on our website at www.jdsu.com. 


Also please note that beginning this quarter, JDSU will provide slides with detailed earnings data concurrently with the 
earnings press release. The slides for fiscal Q4, along with historical financial tables and corporate fact sheets, have all 
been posted in the Investors portion of our website at www.jdsu.com/investors under the Financial Information section. 
These slides are supplementary in nature and will not accompany this earnings call. Finally, and as a reminder, this call 
is being recorded and will be available for replay from the Investors section of our website. 

I would now like to turn the call over to Tom. 

Thomas H. Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Cherryl, and good afternoon, everyone. I would like to begin by providing an overview of our Q4 financial 
results, followed by highlights of our business achievements in the quarter. 

JDSU reported revenue of $398.1 million as we continued to see robust demand across all of our segments. For the fifth 
quarter in a row, overall book-to-bill for the company was above 1. Each of our three segments also had a book-to-bill 
greater than 1, with particular strength in our CCOP segment. 

Overall gross margin for the company improved to 45.5% from 44.1% last quarter, and 42.2% last year, as each 
segment improved its gross margin on a sequential basis. This quarter we saw a return to more typical pricing 
environments in our CommTest and Optical Communications businesses. 

JDSU reported operating income of $37 million or 9.3% of revenue. In percentage terms, this is at the high end of the 
guidance we provided during our previous earnings call and represents, in both dollar and percentage terms, JDSU's 
highest level of quarterly operating income since December of 2007. 

I would also like to highlight the strength in our balance sheet. In Q4, JDSU generated cash from operations of 
approximately $47 million. The stronger cash flow was driven by positive trends in working capital, as we reduced 
DSOs sequentially from 65 to 63 days, and posted an inventory turnover ratio above 7. Now let me provide more 
details on the performance of our individual business segments. 

First, the CommTest segment. Fiscal Q4 revenue was $186.2 million; gross margin was 56.1%; and operating margin 
was 11%. In Q4, we completed the transition of our North American high volume product revenue to contract 
manufacturers. Book-to-bill was greater than one for the fifth consecutive quarter. Growth in both revenue and 
bookings was driven by strong demand from North America and Asia-Pacific. 

The NSD acquisition from Agilent closed at the beginning of May and contributed approximately $16 million of 
revenue. This acquisition complements and strengthens our industry-leading CommTest product portfolio by creating 
an end-to-end wireless network test solution, and expands our addressable market by nearly $800 million. 

We are now positioned to provide test equipment and services to support the accelerating transition to LTE. In fact, our 
technology leadership was recognized by wireless industry experts in June, when JDSU's LTE network trial solution 
won the best testing product for LTE award at the annual LTE World Summit in Amsterdam. Also in June, we 
announced that our signaling analyzer real-time, or SART solution, quickly and successfully validated results from 
rapidly-changing test scenarios during a series of intense, two-week-long, major LTE interoperability trials in 
Dusseldorf and Beijing. 

Finally, we expect LTE deployments will be ramping in calendar 2011. We are already engaged with over a dozen 
network equipment manufacturers and service providers around the world. In Q4, we recognized revenue from LTE 
customers in the U.S., Korea, Germany, Sweden, France and Japan. 

Emerging technologies such as LTE, the accelerating adoption of smartphones, and the rapid expansion of mobile 
video, are key drivers for investments in more efficient and cost-effective Ethernet backhaul. As such, Ethernet 
backhaul test applications are continuing to expand on a global basis and continue to be a significant driver of bookings 
and revenue in this segment. 


Another growth driver for CommTest is DOCSIS 3.0. We believe JDSU has a unique competitive advantage based on 
our DSAM DOCSIS 3.0 chipset's ability to test faster speeds than our competitors. While competitors struggle to test 
100 megabits downstream, JDSU's DSAM supports 300 megabits downstream for the U.S. and 400 megabits 
downstream for EMEA and most of Asia. North America remains our strongest market for DOCSIS 3.0, but we also 
have good traction in Europe and see growing interest across Asia, particularly in Japan and Korea. 

Shipments for DOCSIS 3.0 exceeded $9 million in Q4. According to Prime Data in May 2010, JDSU has the number 
one worldwide market share in cable test. We also continue to lead the market in high-speed optical testing for both lab 
and field applications. 

Last quarter, we shipped six 100-gig systems to network equipment manufacturing customers in Japan, Germany, U.K. 
and the U.S. In addition, we shipped 21 40-gig systems to customers in the U.S., Europe and Asia during the quarter 
with notable increase in the number of 40-gig systems shipped for field applications. The continued growth of our 
40-gig business indicates that 40-gig is a natural progression in the evolution of Tier 1 carrier networks worldwide. 

Last week, Frost & Sullivan recognized JDSU's solution-based and value-added approach in supporting a broad range 
of communications technology with two awards. Both awards noted our leading-edge product and service portfolio, 
which along with our focus on collaborative innovation, help our customers cost-effectively deploy high-quality, 
next-generation networks and technologies including 40-gig, 100-gig, IPTV, mobile backhaul, and wireless LTE/4G 
communications. 

As I conclude this section pertaining to CommTest, I would also like to make you aware of an initiative that is 
underway with the purpose of accelerating improvements in the business model for this segment. This initiative 
includes a number of process improvements as well as organizational changes. The process improvements are mainly 
in the operations area and include demand management as well as contract manufacturer interface. 

Along with these process improvements, a number of leadership changes have taken place within the operations team, 
including the recruitment of key skill sets from outside the company. Significant progress has been made in this area 
already. 

Dave Holly, the President and General Manager of CommTest, will change positions and take on the leadership role for 
developing emerging markets for this business segment. Dave, who has a deep understanding of our technologies and 
products, will be responsible for accelerating our growth and position in these fast-growing markets. 

As President and General Manager of CommTest, Dave led the segment through an important phase of its business 
evolution. Key strategic initiatives, including significantly expanding our addressable markets with the acquisitions of 
NSD and SNT, and transitioning our North American manufacturing activities to contract manufacturers, took place 
during his tenure. I would like to thank Dave for these significant accomplishments and I look forward to his future 
contributions in his new role. 

An external search for the next President and General Manager of CommTest is underway, and I expect the selection 
process to be completed in a reasonable period of time. From now until the new leader is in place, the executive staff 
members of CommTest will report directly to me. 

Moving on to our CCOP segment, which is comprised of two businesses: Optical Communications, and lasers. The 
combined CCOP results are as follows. Fiscal Q4 revenue was $157.3 million, and operating margin was 
approximately 12%, which is now within our target model range for this segment. 

Now let me provide more color on each business: first, Optical Communications. Fiscal Q4 revenue was $134.7 
million, and gross margin was 28.5%. We saw a significant demand growth in this business as revenue for 10 of our 11 
product lines grew sequentially with the highest growth in circuit packs, gesture recognition, tunables, and ROADMs. 
All geographic regions grew quarter-to-quarter and we recorded record revenue in China for the fourth quarter in a row. 
Book-to-bill for Optical Communications was solidly above one. 

In order to meet the increased demand, we have initiatives in place to increase our production capacity by 33% during 
fiscal year '11, particularly in areas where we have significant product differentiation, such as our tunable XFPs, 


ROADMs, and Super Transport Blades, as well as gesture recognition. This capacity will be the result of a combination 
of improved utilization and yields and selective equipment purchases while we maintain our current fabrication process 
footprint. 

Revenue from products introduced within the last two years continued to gain momentum and accounted for more than 
half of our total Optical Communications revenue in Q4. Tunable XFP revenue almost tripled sequentially as we 
shipped product to 32 customers and 43 design slots during the quarter. Another new product, our Super Transport 
Blade, grew 50% sequentially. 

Our next-generation 50 gigahertz ROADM continues to ramp and more than doubled in revenue this quarter. In total, 
ROADM revenue in Q4 grew 24% sequentially and was again over 25% of total Optical Communications revenue. 
ROADM's bookings continue to be very strong with a book-to-bill significantly greater than one for the second straight 
quarter. 

Finally, revenue from gesture recognition grew meaningfully as well. Q4 was our second quarter of shipping laser 
diodes from this segment to a leading home gaming provider. The top-line growth in Optical Communications has been 
accompanied by sustained improvement in its operating model. Optical Communications' gross margin improved from 
26% in fiscal Q3 to 28.5% in fiscal Q4, as we continued to optimize our supply chain and benefited from higher 
utilization of our fabs. 

Turning to our lasers business within the CCOP segment, fiscal Q4 revenue was $22.6 million, a sequential increase of 
21%, driven by growth in the semiconductor and micro-electronic materials processing end markets. Gross margin 
improved to 44.6% compared to 41.3% last quarter. Book-to-bill was greater than one. 

Last month, we announced a partnership with Amada to develop a high-power 4-kilowatt fiber laser. This fiber laser 
has been integrated into a new sheet metal cutting system that Amada reports will provide the fastest linear cutting 
speed available worldwide. This collaboration has opened the laser market for kilowatt materials processing to JDSU. 

According to estimates by analyst firm Strategies Unlimited, this kilowatt materials processing market will grow to 
more than $1 billion by 2013. We have received very positive feedback on the announcement, as industry insiders 
recognize the complementary strengths JDSU and Amada bring to this collaboration. This laser cutting system will be 
unveiled at a trade show in Germany this October, and we expect a global market introduction in June of 2011. 

Our laser's group has also been developing concentrated photovoltaic or CPV sales for the solar market aimed at large 
commercial and utility scale installations. In Q4, we were qualified and received production orders from our first 
customer for CPV sales. We are engaged with several other customers and we'll continue to update you on our progress 
in the coming quarters. The growth in gesture recognition and solar are examples of opportunities that leverage our 
extensive technology in order to expand our non-telecom customer base in the CCOP segment. 

Our third and final segment is Advanced Optical Technologies or AOT. Fiscal Q4 revenue was $54.6 million, a 
decrease of 7% sequentially, primarily due to lower currency pigments demand. Despite the revenue decline, AOT 
improved its gross margin sequentially from 51.5% in Q3 to 51.9% in Q4. Operating margin continues to be within the 
target range at 36.3%. Book-to-bill was greater than one. 

Q4 marked the start of production of optical filters targeting gesture recognition systems. We have seen steady demand 
for specialized filters for gesture recognition and 3D applications. Recently, we opened a new manufacturing site in 
China to support the demand from the consumer electronics sector for these products. 

We also saw demand pick up in office automation, where JDSU supplies front surface mirrors for devices such as 
printers, scanners, copiers and multi-function devices, as well as audio-visual equipment and projectors. Bookings and 
revenue growth in this market is being driven by recovering global demand for these devices. 

In summary, fiscal 2010 was a year of solid top-line growth for JDSU, driven by demand recovery in several key 
markets, revenue growth from innovative products in all of our segments, and our two acquisitions. At the same time, 
we continued to execute against our stated strategic priorities, resulting in an improved operating model, a strong 
balance sheet, and sustained positive cash flow. 


Looking ahead to fiscal year '11, we expect to build on our strategic priorities to grow the business. JDSU is a global 
leader in the current markets it serves, aligned with strong growth drivers, such as increasing broadband demand, and 
the need for leading-edge authentication and commercial laser applications. 

At the same time, we will continue to identify and pursue opportunities to diversify into emerging growth 
opportunities, such as gesture recognition, 3D, and solar. We will support this by continuing to focus on profitable 
market-driven innovation, collaborating closely with our customers to provide differentiated solutions that address 
specific needs and deliver immediate value, and by advancing our corporate culture towards Lean and continued 
process improvement. 

As I conclude my formal remarks, I would like to thank our employees whose focus, commitment, and tremendous 
efforts led to a stronger, more profitable JDSU in fiscal '10. I would also like to thank our customers, partners, vendors, 
and long-term shareholders for their continued support of JDSU. 

With that, I'll hand the call over to Dave, who will take you through the details of our financial performance in Q4 and 
fiscal year-end 2010, and will discuss our outlook for Q1. 

David W. Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Tom. Before I start, please note that all numbers are non-GAAP, unless I state otherwise. Fourth quarter 
revenue of $398.1 million was up 19.6% from the prior quarter and up 45.2% when compared to the fourth quarter of 
fiscal 2009. The sequential revenue increase was from two segments: the CCOP segment, as demand for optical 
products continued to outpace supply; and the CommTest segment, as we recognized two months of revenue from our 
NSD acquisition and we had our normal seasonal increase in demand from carriers. 

Fourth quarter gross margin was 45.5%, up from the previous quarter's gross margin of 44.1% and up from fourth 
quarter fiscal 2009's gross margin of 42.2%. The fourth quarter gross margin improvement reflects the NSD acquisition 
and improved factory utilization in both the CCOP and AOT segments. 

Operating expenses for the fourth fiscal quarter of $144.1 million included $12.4 million of operating expenses from 
the NSD acquisition. Operating expenses as a percentage of revenue were 36.2%, down from the prior quarter's 37.4%. 
As a result of improved gross margins and operating expense leverage, our operating income for the quarter of $37 
million was 9.3% of revenue, which compares to a 6.6% operating margin for the prior quarter. 

Net income for the fourth quarter of $33.1 million or $0.15 per share compares to a third quarter fiscal 2010 net income 
of $23.2 million or $0.10 per share. For the full fiscal year, total revenue was $1.37 billion, up 7% from the prior year's 
$1.28 billion. Gross margin for the full fiscal year was 44.6%, up from 42.8% for fiscal 2009. Operating income for 
fiscal 2010 was $97.4 million or 7.1% of revenue, up from 2.4% of revenue for fiscal 2009. 

Improved operating income is primarily due to higher revenues and higher gross margins. Our net income for the year 
was $91.9 million or $0.41 per share, up from $42.6 million or $0.20 per share for fiscal 2009. A detailed reconciliation 
of our non-GAAP results to our GAAP results is available in today's press release. 

Our fourth-quarter non-GAAP results exclude, among other items: amortization of acquired technology and intangibles 
of $21.5 million; a $10 million charge related to stock-based compensation; an acquisition accounting adjustment to 
revenue of $7.2 million; and a $13.2 million of investment income from the sale of our investment in Fabrinet. 

Including the noted items, the fourth-quarter fiscal 2010 GAAP net income was $1.5 million or earnings of $0.01 per 
share, which compares to a prior-year fourth quarter GAAP net loss of $63.6 million or a loss of $0.29 per share. For 
the full fiscal year, GAAP net loss was $61.8 million or a loss of $0.28 per share, which compares to a GAAP net loss 
of $909.5 million or a loss of $4.22 per share for fiscal year 2009. 

Now looking at quarterly revenue by region. Americas revenue of $194.5 million or 48.9% of total revenue was up 
over $40 million from the prior quarter, driven primarily by increased revenue from North American service providers 


and network equipment manufacturers. 

EMEA revenue of $104 million or 26.1% of total revenue was up approximately $8 million from the prior quarter, due 
primarily to increased revenue from network equipment manufacturers. Asia-Pacific revenue was $99.6 million or 25% 
of total revenue, up over $14 million from the prior quarter, due to increased carrier demand and increased demand for 
gesture recognition products. 

Moving to the segments. In the CommTest segment, fourth quarter revenue of $186.2 million was up 27.7% from the 
previous quarter and up 40.4% from the prior year. The sequential revenue increase includes approximately $15.7 
million of revenue from the NSD acquisition and seasonal demand from carriers. 

From a CommTest product standpoint, our service assurance revenue doubled sequentially in fiscal Q4, due to the NSD 
acquisition, while field test revenue grew by 27% and lab and production revenue grew 16%. Revenue from all three 
geographies grew sequentially as well. 

Fiscal Q4 gross margin for CommTest of 56.1% was up compared to the prior quarter, but still below our targeted 
range of 57 to 61%. Gross margin was favorably impacted by the NSD revenue, which was partially offset by charges 
required to meet our customer needs, such as expedite fees paid to vendors. CommTest operating profit of $20.5 
million or 11% of revenue increased more than three percentage points when compared to the prior quarter's operating 
margin. The operating margin growth was due to higher revenue and improved profitability in the segment, exclusive 
of the NSD acquisition. The NSD acquisition had an operating loss of $2.5 million, near the low end of the expected 
range. CommTest targeted operating margins are between 20 to 23% at a quarterly revenue level of $175 million or 
greater. Our objective is to attain this targeted range by the end of the calendar year. 

Now moving to – on to our CCOP segment. Breakout of the key metrics for Optical Communications and lasers is as 
follows: Optical Communications revenue in fiscal Q4 was $134.7 million, up 22.6% when compared to the prior 
quarter's revenue and up nearly 70% when compared to the prior year. Due to supply and capacity constraints, we were 
unable to ship over $10 million of Optical Communications demand this quarter. Sequential ASP decline was just over 
2% and at the lower end of our historical quarterly range of 2 to 4%. 

Gross margin for the quarter was 28.5%, up from the prior quarter's gross margin of 26%. The increase was driven by 
favorable product mix and improved factory utilization. We believe our Optical Communications gross margin can 
exceed 30% when quarterly revenues are $150 million or more. 

In our lasers business, fourth quarter revenue of $22.6 million was up 20.7% when compared to the prior quarter. Gross 
margins were 44.6%, up from 41.3%, due to improved utilization on higher revenue. 

Total CCOP revenue was $157.3 million, up 22.3% from the prior quarter. Operating income was $19.1 million or 
12.1% of revenue. The CCOP segment is now operating in its targeted operating margin range of 10 to 15%. For the 
Advanced Optical Technologies, or AOT segment, fiscal Q4 revenue was $54.6 million, down 6.8% compared to the 
prior quarter. 

We saw strength in our coatings business as well as a modest improvement in our transaction card business relative to 
the previous quarter. At the same time, we saw lower demand for our currency pigments. As previously noted, the 
currency products will see demand fluctuate according to the level of bank note printing needs. 

Fiscal Q4 gross margin for our AOT business was 51.9%, up from 51.5% in the prior quarter due to better factory 
utilization. AOT operating profit for the quarter was $19.8 million or 36.3% of revenue, down $2.7 million from the 
prior quarter. The decline in operating margin was due primarily to lower revenues and increased investment in R&D 
and sales and marketing for the segment. The AOT segment continues to operate in its targeted operating margin range 
of 34 to 37%. 

Moving to the balance sheet. For fiscal Q4 2010, the company generated $46.9 million of cash from operations, 
reflecting improved inventory turns and lower days sales outstanding. For the full year, the company generated $119.2 
million of cash from operations. As of the end of the fiscal year, the company held $600.1 million in total cash and 
investments. Headcount for the company as of August 14, 2010 was 4,715. 


Now moving on to our operating model. Our current operating model is for operating margins of 11 to 14% when 
revenue is between 415 and $425 million and gross margin is 46% or greater. Our objective is to achieve this operating 
model by the end of the calendar year. 

Now to our Q1 guidance. First, some points to consider as you think about our financial performance over the coming 
quarters. Our fiscal Q1 operating expenses will have a full quarter's worth of operating expense and temporary 
transition costs for our NSD acquisition, and incremental R&D and SG&A investments across all segments. We expect 
operating expenses to be between 155 and $158 million. 

CommTest operating margin is expected to be between 13 and 16% for the first fiscal quarter. These operating margins 
reflect the typical revenue seasonality of the segment and the temporary incremental costs resulting from the NSD 
acquisition. 

Our capital expenditures are expected to be approximately 5% of revenue for the next several quarters, as we are 
purchasing capital for the NSD acquisition and strategically investing to expand capacity for our CCOP and AOT 
segments to meet customer demand. 

Taking into consideration the factors above, and based on our current visibility, we expect first-quarter revenue to be 
between 410 and $425 million, and non-GAAP operating margin to be between 8.5 and 10.5%. 

Thank you. And Operator, we will now take questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Mark Sue with RBC Capital Markets. Go ahead. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Thank you and good afternoon gentlemen. Within CCOP, are you practicing some extra diligence 
when it comes to lead times to ensure that the components are selling through and that no potential inventories may be 
building at the OEM level? And maybe if there are – are there any specific proof points from customers, which support 
the notion that end demand still is healthy and will remain healthy? Are you, in essence, scrubbing the orders, 
considering the macro headlines? 

<A - Thomas H. Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. I'd say, Mark, we're very aware of what 
concerns are out there in the market. We watch it closely. We spend a lot of time with our customers, both at a strategic 
level and down at the operational level. So I think we have a good handle on it. We do have, as we mentioned 
previously, a number of products that we are sole-sourced on. So we feel like we have even a more finite handle on 
those as well and that limits the risk on the buildup of the components. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Okay. And some OEMs were actually stocking some inventory, because there were some component 
shortages. How are you finding that trend in recent months? And also from a order trend from a month-to-month basis, 
was July and August pretty normal months for you? Any deviations from a regional point of view; North America, 
Europe, or Asia? Thank you, gentlemen. 

<A - Thomas H. Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, we've seen – I mean, from the order 
intake, we've seen continued strong demand from the customer base. We've seen strength across all the geographic 
regions worldwide. So I wouldn't say we've seen any significant deviation there from a customer standpoint. 

<A - David W. Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer>: Also, Mark, as we noted, there was over $10 million of 
demand that we couldn't ship due to shortages in the quarter for the CCOP business. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you, gentlemen, and good luck. 

<A - David W. Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer>: All right. Thanks, Mark. 


<A - Cherryl Valenzuela, Investor Relations>: Thanks, Mark. Let's take the next question, please. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Troy Jensen with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Troy Jensen>: Yes, congrats on the nice quarter, gentlemen. A quick question here on Mintera. I believe you 
guys may have had an investment or a partnership with that company, and I'm curious with Oclaro's acquisition of the 
business, what that might mean to you guys? 

<A - Thomas H. Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We did have a investment in Mintera and we 
had done some work previously with Mintera. I would say, going forward, for the 40-gig and 100-gig products, we're 
doing a lot of that development internally. So we don't see really any impact on our development schedules or ability to 
deliver 40-gig or 100-gig products going forward. 

<Q - Troy Jensen>: All right, perfect. And then maybe one for, Dave. The last couple of years haven't been normal. So 
if you could just remind us what a normal seasonality is within the Test and Measurement and the CCOP business for 
the September quarter? 

<A - David W. Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, the September quarter is more of a – as far as seasonality, 
it's more in the CommTest area, where we tend to see – first of all, in technology, you do see an impact from Europe 
typically in the September quarter, a lower demand than the June quarter. But CommTest, it tends to be typically more 
pronounced in the September quarter. So it can be sometimes as much as 10% lower than the previous quarter. 

<Q - Troy Jensen>: Got it. All right, keep up the good work, gentlemen. 

<A - Thomas H. Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Troy. 

<A - Cherryl Valenzuela, Investor Relations>: Next question, please? 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Kevin [inaudible] with Citi. Go ahead. 

<Q>: Great. Thanks, very much. I guess, first, just a housekeeping question. Within CommTest, can you tell us how 
much revenues from the prior quarter that's – what you were able to ship and recognize in the current quarter? 

<A - David W. Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, we talked on the prior call of $13 million of revenue. 
And we said on the call that it had basically all shipped by – I think by the time we had our call last quarter. 

<Q>: Okay. So all that revenue didn't need to ship this quarter? 

<A - David W. Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. 

<Q>: Okay. And then turning to CCOP, if I'm doing my math right, it looks like incremental gross margins were a little 
bit softer quarter-over-quarter. Can you talk about – even though gross margins themselves improved, can you talk 
about what's happening there in terms of product mix? And also, are you starting to run into capacity constraints? I 
know you're adding capacity here, but should we think about incremental gross margins within those businesses maybe 
being at a slightly lower rate going forward? 

<A - David W. Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer>: Well, if you look at first the lasers margin at almost 45%, 
that's pretty much what the leaders of the industry do, roughly around 45%. So we feel that's a good number. In the 
optics area, we are adding capacity through capital equipment, both at our existing factories and our [inaudible]. But 
the revenue from the gesture recognition products tends to have a lower gross profit than the higher-end super blades 
that we sell. 


<Q>: Okay. Great. Thanks very much. 

<A - Thomas H. Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Kevin. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Evenson with Sanford Bernstein. Go ahead. 

<Q - Jeff Evenson>: Hi. Could you give us a bit more color on the gesture recognition components you sell, 
particularly the aspects of the light source that make you differentiated from other players? And also maybe some 
revenue ranges for what you get per unit that's sold? 

<A - Thomas H. Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: [inaudible] we haven't talked about the 
revenue per unit sold, so that's not public information today, but we sell two components, one coming out of our optical 
comms business, which is a laser diode, which is a source of a light. And then we do a – sell a filter product out of our 
AOT group that filters the light back into the unit. 

<A - David W. Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, the revenue in the quarter was less than 2% of our total 
revenue and the application that we sell into typically has seasonality as we get closer to the Christmas holidays. 

<Q - Jeff Evenson>: Great. And given that your building capacity in China in a factory, do you have contracts in place 
that give you clear visibility on the revenue over at least the first year of the sales? 

<A - Thomas H. Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think we have good visibility through the end 
of the calendar year based on the Christmas season ramp and beyond. And then we have forecasts beyond that period of 
time. 

<A - David W. Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer>: Also, we're working with a number of companies that are 
looking to bring out gesture recognition products. So we're – in anticipation of progress in those areas also, we added 
this capacity. 

<A - Thomas H. Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, the capacity in China is also – it's 
versatile, in that we can also use it for some of our 3D products like the lenses, the goggles, so we can mix products 
through that facility. 

<Q - Jeff Evenson>: I understand why your filter is differentiated. I don't understand why your light source is 
differentiated. Lots of people make diode lasers of around 800 nanometers, which is I guess where you guys are. What 
makes this one special? 

<A - Thomas H. Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think part of it is the reliability that we're able 
to achieve at certain ambient and temperature levels. We have a much tighter performance stack. And I think the other 
advantage is that we're able to manufacture high volumes of these and very high quality, which many of our 
competitors can't do this type of level of quality and high volumes. 

<Q - Jeff Evenson>: Thank you very much. 

<A - David W. Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer>: The fact also that we're providing both the laser diode and the 
filter was seen as an advantage. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Paul Bonenfant with Morgan Keegan. Go ahead. 

<Q - Paul Bonenfant>: Yes, hi. Thank you for taking my questions. I'm wondering – and I apologize if you 
commented on this – if there was any unrecognized revenue from supply constraints in the CommTest division in the 


quarter? 

<A - David W. Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer>: There was single-digit millions – more in the – more of a 
typical range. At the same time, related to that in the NSD area, we had over $5 million of revenue that we deferred 
because of an upgrade cycle that we're going through. So we expect to recognize that revenue over the next two 
quarters. 

<Q - Paul Bonenfant>: And as a follow-on to that, actually lead into my next question, can you give us some sense for 
what your expectations are for the NSD contribution in the quarter? I think it came in a bit lighter, toward the low end 
of your expectation in the June quarter, I think you had talked about 15 to 20. It came in around 16? 

<A - David W. Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, it did – it came in at the lower end of the range as we – 
that's why we gave that range. And part of it is because of the deferral of over $5 million of revenue due to the upgrade 
cycle. 

<Q - Paul Bonenfant>: Got it. And one more question. You, I believe, very early on in the call talked about a return to 
more typical ASP declines in both your CommTest and your Optical divisions. Last quarter, you had outlined some 
cost reduction initiatives in response to ASP pressure. Can we assume then that the severe ASP pressure that we saw in 
the March quarter was more one-time deal-related or having to do with the kind of the geographical mix more so than 
becoming the norm? 

<A - Thomas H. Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, I think specifically to CommTest, it was 
the geographical mix, where North America was down compared to the norm. And then we had that large strategic deal 
that we talked about that became very competitive. Since then, I think we feel comfortable that things are settling more 
down to – kind of to normal levels of price competitiveness. 

<Q - Paul Bonenfant>: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions. 

<A - Thomas H. Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. Thanks, Paul. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Ajit Pai with Stifel Nicolaus. Go ahead. 

<Q - Ajit Pai>: Yes, good afternoon. 

<A - Thomas H. Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Ajit. 

<A - David W. Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer>: Hi, Ajit. 

<Q - Ajit Pai>: A couple of questions. I think the first one is just about your commentary on 40-gig and the confidence 
that 40-gig is beginning to take off and you're seeing it. I think it was in reference to the CCOP segment. So, could you 
give us some color as to whether you expect that to result in an upgrade cycle? If you're selling 40-gig components and 
modules, shouldn't that also result in a pretty strong sort of upgrade for your test and measurement division in the field? 
And, are we at the beginning of that? Are you already seeing signs of that? And how strong that could be and what the 
timing of that could be or duration of that? So, yes, that would be the first question. 

<A - Thomas H. Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. Ajit, the comment specifically was 
around CommTest in the first part of the discussion. And it was around 40-gig test equipment where we're seeing 
higher volumes, both in lab production and now moving into the field. So that would be an indication, an early 
indication that there's some upgrade cycles happening in the field. 

<Q - Ajit Pai>: So it would be fair to say that we expect a fairly decent 40-gig cycle and not a leapfrog into 100-gig, 
would that be fair? 


<A - Thomas H. Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: That's – from all indications of what we see 
today, that's what our belief is. 

<Q - Ajit Pai>: Right. Then you also had, I think, while talking about the business, you talked about LTE and 4G and 
lots of wins. So when you're looking at NSD and you're looking at a 40 million revenue run rate as your target, or at 
least the operating margins target you've talked about at that 40 million revenue run rate, can we expect, just given 
these changes that are happening in LTE and 4G, for that 40 million revenue, I'm not sure whether that 40 million is a 
target, to actually go up over the next 6 to 8 quarters to something closer to 60 million? 

<A - Thomas H. Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, one thing that's happening at the same 
time we're bringing on the new products, some of our legacy products are starting to dwindle down in volume. So 
there's some trade-off happening. So we don't expect a big jump-up in the revenue level, but we would expect the gross 
margins to improve, because typically, with the newer products during the initial introductions, at least, you would get 
better gross margins. 

<Q - Ajit Pai>: Right. But when you want an upgrade cycle to next-generation technologies, won't the amount of 
spending by customers on these products actually begin to accelerate as well? So if you already had everything 
installed previously, now when you're going into 4G and LTE, why wouldn't the revenues begin to accelerate as well? 

<A - David W. Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer>: Again, I think that right now what we're doing is we're giving 
you a view of our – of what we can see currently. And as the activity right now is more around drive test and protocol 
test activity, and that's what Tom was talking about, and then as the deployments really start to take hold and we get 
better visibility, then we'll share what those ranges could be. 

<Q - Ajit Pai>: Got it. And then the second question would be just about your balance sheet, tremendous cash 
generation and there were lots of one-timers right now that are still sort of impacting your cash generation and 
integration, et cetera. So what does the acquisition pipeline and strategy look like, is it still very rich, and how would 
you prioritize uses of cash? 

<A - Thomas H. Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. From a prioritization of use of cash, I 
would say acquisitions would be at the top or towards the top of the list. We do continually evaluate and pursue 
opportunities. I would say we've got a healthy pipeline. But I think as we have done in the last two acquisitions, we 
want to make sure they're strategic to the company, immediately accretive in the first full quarter of integration. And 
from that perspective, we go through various gates to evaluate. But there is quite a bit in the hopper to evaluate at this 
point. 

<Q - Ajit Pai>: Got it. Thank you. 

<A - Thomas H. Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Ajit. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Subu Subrahmanyan. [Sanders Morris] Go ahead. 

<Q - Natarajan Subrahmanyan>: Thank you. I have some questions. First, on the guidance, I just wanted to see 
[inaudible] were you expecting [inaudible] it was 


<A - Thomas H. Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Subu, you broke up a little bit. Could you just 
repeat that, please? 

<Q - Natarajan Subrahmanyan>: Yeah, I was just wondering if for the September quarter, you're expecting the NSD 
business to get to that 40 million run rate. It seems to have been before you acquired it or as you talked about this 
product transition, is that it takes a little bit longer. And that also brings my question on guidance. If you essentially 
assume a full quarter of NSD at about 40 million, it sounds like the rest of the business is relatively flat to down. Is that 
due to the CommTest seasonality? That's my first question. 


<A - David W. Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, that is true. It is due to the CommTest seasonality in the 
September quarter. And it is true that we're looking at the NSD revenue to get back to more of the traditional range, 
closer to the model. 

<Q - Natarajan Subrahmanyan>: Got it. And then I have a margin question, Dave. You mentioned getting to the 11 
to 14% operating margin for the full company in the December quarter. December, obviously, tends to be the 
seasonally strong quarter benefiting from strong CommTest and tends to be a better margin quarter for the company. 
I'm just wondering if you feel like on an ongoing basis, past December, you'll be able to sustain kind of that, say, 11 to 
14% margin level that you're thinking about? 

<A - David W. Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer>: That is our objective, is to be there in a sustainable model in 
that range. And if you look at the AOT and CCOP are now operating in those ranges. And as we bring test and 
measurement into that range, then you can see how – and using a factor, I think we said 67% factor for the corporate 
expenses, you could see how we could execute in that 11 to 14%. 

<Q - Natarajan Subrahmanyan>: Starting the calendar and year-end quarter and from there out? 

<A - David W. Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, that's the objective. 

<Q - Natarajan Subrahmanyan>: Okay. All right, thank you very much. 

<A - David W. Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Todd Koffman with Raymond James. Go ahead. 

<Q - Todd Koffman>: Yes. Thank you very much. I noticed you gave calendar 2010 or a December quarter operating 
margin target based on revenue levels that are – sounds like within reach. And was wondering, will you be giving sort 
of – on a going-forward basis, a six-month look-through? Or is this somewhat unusual? 

<A - David W. Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer>: This was more about – we've talked over a period of time of 
getting to our operating model of – previously, we talked about 11%. As you could tell from the model that 11% was 
sort of the minimum, and so we wanted to let everybody know that we've got a model now that should be able to allow 
us to execute in an 11 to 14% range, depending, obviously, on the mix in any quarter. 

So it was really more about an operating model. I think as we get better visibility into our business, we'll stay to our 
normal quarterly view, but it was more about the steps we've been taking to get to the model. 

<Q - Todd Koffman>: Just one quick follow-up. If you look at the December quarter, your – pretty noticeable 
improvement in margins. And it looks like the bulk of that is coming in the test and measurement. Aside from the 
leadership changes, what are the big swing factors that you're able to expect to improve the test and measurement 
margin so much between now and December? 

<A - Thomas H. Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, one of the things is we believe we're 
moving to the other side of these material shortages. Not that there aren't still issues, but there's been quite a bit of 
expediting fee and charges around getting these materials in, because there's been an industry shortage. So that's 
definitely helping us. 

And as we mentioned on the call here, we've gotten through now, if not all, the majority of the outsourcing for the 
North American sites for manufacturing. And there was, up to this point and probably for another quarter here, some 
duplicate costs as a result of that. And in the December quarter, we're primarily through those duplicate costs and 
associated costs with that. 


And then I also believe we're – as we are getting through this transition, we are getting much better handle. And as the 
material shortages start dying down, we'll get a much better handle on material cost reductions out back through the 
supply chain. 

<A - David W. Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer>: And finally, on the NSD acquisition, the first, it will be five 
months when we finish September of having the acquisition. We're incurring some incremental costs as we transfer the 
people into our own facilities from the Agilent facilities and just hook everything up and get the business running. So 
those are some costs we shouldn't be impacted by in the December quarter or going forward. 

<Q - Todd Koffman>: Thank you very much. Good luck. 

<A - Thomas H. Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Todd. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Greg Mesniaeff with Needham & Company. Go ahead. 

<Q - Greg Mesniaeff>: Yes. Thank you. Looking at your testing business, the two areas of growth are Ethernet 
backhaul and DOCSIS 3.0. I was wondering if you can give us some color as to the pricing trends you're seeing in each 
one of them, in terms of ASPs and just the general pricing environment? Is one noticeably different from the other? Or 
are they similar? Give us some color. Thanks. 

<A - Thomas H. Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. I think they're generally similar. In the 
DOCSIS 3.0, as we mentioned, we believe we have a competitive advantage with that product, and that allows us to be 
in a reasonable position from a pricing standpoint. And then on the Ethernet backhaul, we've got quite a bit of 
value-added services wrapped around the equipment because of our inherent knowledge in carrier-grade Ethernet and 
its capabilities. So we tend to see reasonable margins in that area, because it was more than the hardware sale for those 

– for that implement – application of our products and our knowledge base. 
Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Cobb Sadler with Catamount Advisors. Go ahead. 

<Q - Cobb Sadler>: Thanks a lot. Just going back to the test and measurement operating margin guidance, the 
long-term guidance of 20 to 23%. And that looks like that's on a revenue level – it's like a 1,100 basis point expansion 
on a revenue level, a little bit below what you just posted. So, I guess, how are – what's the pricing dynamic 
incorporated into your expectations, I guess, is the first question? 

<A - David W. Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer>: I think the way to look at it is, if you look at last December at 
the test and measurement business, it hit roughly that level of revenue and had a 17% operating profit. We noted a $3 
million charge that we took. So we're right on top of it in that – in the model. 

What's happened is we have been impacted by a pricing dynamic over the first six months. And we've had some of 
these expedite costs, etcetera, for – that we've incurred for our customers. So we – as Tom had mentioned, we don't 
expect that pricing dynamic to continue. We expect to have some of these other costs behind us through the transitions. 

And so those are the elements, plus, we'll have a full quarter of NSD without having some of these incremental NSD 
transition costs. So those are really the main points. If you look at the test and measurement business without the NSD 
impact, you would have seen that we were almost 14% operating profit for the quarter. So those are – so we think 
we've got a model that gets us there. We think that there's – it's about execution, as always. And we're positioning 
ourselves to do that. 


Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the time that we have available for Q&A today. I'd like to turn the call back 
over to Mr. Waechter for any closing remarks. Please proceed. 

Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Operator. As our call concludes, I'd like to reiterate some key points. First, we continue to see robust 
demand for our products across all of our business segments. We reported revenue of $398.1 million and a book-to-bill 
of greater than one for the Company in all three segments. Bookings in our Optical Communications business were 
particularly strong. 

We are starting to see significant benefit from the improvements we made to our operating model. Gross margins for all 
three of our segments improved sequentially. Our working capital metrics also improved, leading to stronger cash flow 
in fiscal Q4. The integration of our NSD acquisition is progressing well, and we reiterate our expectations that it will be 
accretive to earnings in fiscal Q1. 

We continue to focus on innovation to achieve long-term sustainable growth. We are seeing momentum with our recent 
product introductions across all three businesses, and see new opportunities in markets such as gesture recognition, 3D 
and wireless test. 

We are making strategic investments to build capacity and to support the demand growth over the next fiscal year, as 
we build on the momentum we've established in fiscal year '10. Thank you again for joining us today. We appreciate 
you taking the time and for your interest in JDSU. Have a great evening. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. That does conclude the presentation. You 
may disconnect. Have a wonderful day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


