Q2 2016 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Bill Ong 
• Richard E. Belluzzo 
• Amar Maletira 
• Oleg Khaykin 
• Paul McNab 
Other Participants 

• Patrick Newton 
• Ashwin X. Kesireddy 
• Joshua Buchalter 
• James Kisner 
• Dmitry G. Netis 
• Michael E. Genovese 
• Meta A. Marshall 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Viavi Solutions Inc. Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference 
Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we'll conduct a question-and-answer session and 
instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. 

I would now like to introduce your host for today's program, Mr. Bill Ong, Senior Director, Investor Relations. Please, 
go ahead. 

Bill Ong 

Thank you, Jonathan, and welcome to Viavi Solutions fiscal second quarter 2016 earnings call. My name is Bill Ong, 
Senior Director of Investor Relations. Joining me on today's call are Rick Belluzzo, Chairman of the Board and Interim 
CEO; and Amar Maletira, our CFO. Paul McNab, our Chief Marketing and Strategy Officer will also join us for Q&A. 
I'm also pleased to introduce Oleg Khaykin as Incoming President and CEO, who is also up on our earnings call today. 

Please note this call will include forward-looking statements about the company's financial performance. These 
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from current 
expectations. We encourage you to review our most recent SEC filings, particularly the risk factors described in those 
filings. 

The forward-looking statements, including guidance, we provide during this call, are valid only as of today. Viavi 
undertakes no obligation to update these statements. Please also note that unless we state otherwise, all results are 
non-GAAP. We reconcile these non-GAAP results to our preliminary GAAP financials and discuss their usefulness and 
limitations in today's earnings release. The release, plus our supplementary slides and historical financial tables, are 
available on our website. Finally, we are recording today's call and will make the recording available by 4:30 P.M. 


Pacific Time this evening on our website. 

I would now like to turn the call over to Rick. 

Richard E. Belluzzo 

Well, thank you, Bill. I'm very pleased with our fiscal second quarter results. Our Q2 performance reflects our 
continued effort to build on OSP's success and improve the performance of our NSE business. In Q2, we met or 
exceeded the high end of all of our guidance range metrics. Both OSP and NSE continued to execute well in the first 
half of fiscal 2016 as we made progress in our long-term strategy to increase profitability. In half one of FY 2016, we 
delivered revenue growth of 4.6% and operating income growth of 84.4% when compared to the first half of FY 2015. 

We also completed the spinoff of our CCOP business and WaveReady product line into Lumentum Holdings. While we 
are pleased with the progress, we are also committed to expanding upon these achievements in coming quarters. 

Let me provide a little more detail on our second quarter. First, OSP delivered solid revenue growth, up 16.2% 
year-on-year on the strength of higher demand for anti-counterfeiting products that began in fiscal Q1. We expect 
robust demand in the anti-counterfeiting business to continue through the rest of fiscal year 2016. 

In NSE, our immediate focus has been to stabilize revenue performance and make meaningful improvements in 
operating costs, leading to substantially improved operating margins. Our focus here resulted in solid execution that 
drove up revenue 4.7% sequentially and exceeded the guidance range despite being down – slightly down 1.4% from a 
year ago. 

This reflects a significant improvement over recent quarters. There was a very modest budget flush spending at the end 
of the calendar 2015, as customers' orders largely reflected planned spending to equip their workforce with instruments 
to test and measure network deployment. We regained any market share in Q2 with solid revenue performance from 
our Tier 1 service provider, Viavi's area of strength. But additionally, we're also starting to see improved results in the 
new growth areas, such as the channel, as we've become more focused on different avenues to market. One clear driver 
of success has been the strengthening of our sales and marketing teams. For example, we have seen a significant 
reversal in sales attrition as a result of a better focus on our overall go-to-market strategy. 

On the operating expense side, we continued to drive improvements in decreasing spending starting with G&A, which 
was down 19.8% from last year, followed by R&D, down 3.2%. Sales and marketing was slightly up by 1.6% as we 
focus on our go-to-market plan and regain revenue momentum. NSE bookings recovered in the quarter, up 6.3% 
sequentially, with a snapback NSE orders resulting in a strong book-to-bill ratio not seen since the March quarter of last 
year. 

The result of these efforts translates to an overall improvement in NSE's operating profit. Specifically, NSE's operating 
margin increased threefold sequentially, from 1.5% in fiscal Q1 to 4.6% this quarter, and exceeded the guidance range. 
NSE operating income of $8 million increased fourfold from the $2 million level a year ago, reflecting significant 
OpEx control within NSE. 

While having been interim CEO now for almost six months, I am very pleased with the progress we've made – we've 
achieved in realigning NSE's operating expense structure. Our go-to-market and channel strategy is gaining traction as 
we continue to diversify our customer base with strong growth, including our Velocity Channel Partner Program and 
enterprise business. 

We are regaining any market share and are focused on aligning our investments and product development to deliver 
continued growth through innovative solutions. To a large extent, our improved performance has been the result of 
refocusing on our core instrument business, where we've become much more aggressive, while establishing 
incremental initiatives to expand our business. 

On the SE portion of our business, we're pleased with the progress from our enterprise business and see more 
opportunity to bring our networking solutions to the enterprise data center and cloud customers. It remains a strategic 


focus to increase our market footprint in enterprise, diversifying our NSE customer base beyond service providers, as 
well as capitalize on the market growth opportunity in network performance monitoring. 

However, we remain challenged managing the transition from our legacy assurance business to new growth 
opportunities, resulting in a faster decline of legacy than growth in the new solutions. The assurance market is full of 
disruption opportunities and Viavi has developed a very strong technology portfolio. We continue to focus on 
identifying the best opportunities and leveraging our strength in end-to-end assurance and further grow our customer 
base. 

In Q2, we added two new deployments from Tier 1 operators using our xSIGHT solution to troubleshoot and transform 
their network capability. Nevertheless, we have much more work to do. The OSP business continues to deliver strong 
profitability and we're working our ways to extend this core capability into the consumer, industrial and healthcare 
markets. This journey to increase profitability and revenue growth is ongoing, but our execution in the past two 
quarters has demonstrated our progress and commitment to continue this improvement. 

With that, let me turn the call over to Amar. 

Amar Maletira 

Thank you, Rick. We remained focused on executing our plan and delivered a solid quarter. Fiscal second quarter 
revenue of $232.1 million exceeded our guidance revenue range of $212 million to $228 million with both NSE and 
OSP exceeding the midpoint of our guidance as a result of better execution. 

Revenue was up 2.5% year-over-year, despite currency headwinds of roughly three percentage points. The 
year-on-year revenue growth was primarily driven by a strong performance in our OSP business that offset the slight 
decline in NSE. Our operating income, at $30.5 million, grew $11.4 million or 60% year-over-year. Operating margin 
of 13.1% was up 470 basis points year-over-year and exceeded our guidance of 9.5% to 11.5%, as a result of continued 
strong performance in OSP and solid operating expense management. 

Our operating expenses were down 5.8% year-over-year primarily driven by reduction in our G&A expenses and 
optimization of our R&D spend. Recall at our September 2014 Analyst Day, adjusted to exclude Lumentum, we set a 
net $40 million annualized OpEx savings target by FY 2017. This savings target was measured relative to fiscal Q1 
2015 annualized OpEx run rate. 

I'm pleased to report that we executed well on the unlock plans and have delivered significant portion of the targeted 
savings as reflected in our first half fiscal 2016 operating expenses. We will continue to execute the remaining expense 
reduction plans and other savings initiatives during the next several quarters, while selectively reinvesting some of the 
savings in our NSE go-to-market initiatives that are targeted at growth areas such as channels, enterprise and solutions. 
We delivered earnings per share of $0.11, which also exceeded the high end of our guidance range of $0.06 to $0.08. 

Now, moving to the results by business segment, starting with NSE; while revenue of $173.3 million declined 1.4% 
year-over-year, we delivered above the high end of our guidance due to good execution in the NE business, which is 
our core instrument business. NSE gross margin at 66.4% declined 20 basis points year-over-year, due to lower revenue 
levels. NSE's operating margin of 4.6% exceeded the guidance range of 1% to 3%. 

Operating margin expanded 350 basis points year-over-year due to solid OpEx management in this business, as we 
continued to focus on optimizing operating expenses to align with revenue. As noted earlier, long-term, this should 
create meaningful operating leverage as we grow the top line in NSE. The Network Enablement or NE business which 
is our core instrument business staged a solid recovery growing year-on-year for the first time in more than five 
quarters. NE revenue at $136.4 million grew 5.7% from prior year, driven by strength in both wireline field and lab 
instruments. 

Our Q2 fiber test field instruments revenue was up double digits sequentially and up high single digits from a year ago 
levels, reflecting strength in fiber deployment by our customers. Access field instruments revenue was also up by more 


than 50% from a year ago levels. However, cable test instruments declined in the same period as customers delayed 
purchases until the anticipated DOCSIS 3.1 upgrade. This upgrade is expected to occur in the spring. We believe that 
we are well-positioned for this upgrade cycle. Our lab instruments were strong in the quarter, in both fiber and optical 
transport. This is a good leading indicator of continued demand in fiber test field instruments. 

NE book-to-bill was slightly below one. We feel comfortable with the order backlog position entering fiscal Q3. NE 
posted gross margins of 66.4%, an increase of 80 basis points from a year ago, primarily driven by improved operating 
efficiencies in the supply chain and a favorable mix. 

Moving to Service Enablement, SE revenue at $36.9 million, declined 21.2% from the prior year period. While the 
enterprise business within SE, which is our network instruments business, continues to grow, we remain challenged in 
the assurance business. The legacy assurance portfolio declined at a faster pace compared to the growth in the new 
opportunities. Revenue in the new growth opportunities within assurance tends to be lumpy due to long sales cycles 
and timing of customer acceptances of our solutions. 

In the first half of fiscal 2016, the new growth opportunities within assurance grew double digits year-over-year, but 
this was offset by the declines in legacy assurance portfolio. In SE, for the first time in three quarters, we had a 
book-to-bill ratio of above one and overall deferred revenue and backlog grew year-on-year and sequentially. 

These are good leading indicators, but we still have a lot of work to do to drive this business for long-term sustainable 
growth. SE posted a gross margin at 66.4%, a decrease of 280 basis points from a year ago due to lower revenue. 

Now, turning to OSP; revenue at $58.8 million met the high end of our guidance and grew 16.2% from year ago levels. 
The revenue upside was attributed to the anti-counterfeiting business, driven by increased bank-note reprinting volume 
as well as the growth in the rest of the business. Gross margin at 55.8% was up 300 basis points year-over-year on 
higher revenue and better absorption. Operating margin at 38.3% exceeded the high end of the guided range and was up 
450 basis points year-over-year. The margin expansion was a result of favorable product mix and operating leverage on 
higher revenue. 

Now, turning to the balance sheet; our total cash and short-term investments, ending balance was $914.5 million, which 
includes a 19.9% Lumentum equity investment valued at $257.5 million. Operating cash flow was negative $1 million, 
which included separation-related payments of approximately $15 million. During Q2, we entered into a $40 million 
accelerated share repurchase program, which was completed in early January. 

We purchased close to 6.6 million shares, with an average cost basis of $6.05. We also announced today that the board 
has authorized the repurchase up to $100 million of company's common stock, through open market of private 
transactions within the next 12 months. We plan on being opportunistic here, although the timing of the repurchases 
and the number of shares repurchased will depend on the business and financial market conditions. 

Now, turning to our guidance; we expect fiscal third quarter revenue for Viavi to be in the range of $210 million to 
$226 million, operating margin at 11.7%, plus 1% or minus 1%, and EPS to be $0.07 to $0.09. We expect NSE revenue 
to be $155 million to $167 million, with the operating margin at 2.5%, plus 1% or minus 1%. 

For NSE, our March quarter is a seasonally weak revenue quarter, since it is the start of annual budget cycle for our 
service providers. Also, it is worth noting that we have seasonally higher expenses in this quarter due to increased 
payroll and other employee-related taxes and benefits. 

For OSP, we expect revenue to be $55 million to $59 million, with operating margins at 37.5%, plus 1%or minus 1%. 
OSP continues to benefit from some large volume bank-note printing demand that is benefiting Q3, which we expect to 
moderate, but still remain healthy in Q4, in the mid-$50 million revenue range. 

Our tax expense is expected to be in the range of $4.5 million to $5 million. We expect other income and expenses to 
be a net expense of $1.5 million to $2 million and our share count to be approximately 234.5 million shares, with the 
lower share count reflecting the recently completed $40 million stock buyback. 


We recognize that the current macro environment is uncertain and career spending has always been and will remain 
unpredictable. Overall we believe, we have factored the various macro risks in our guidance and our internal execution 
plans. 

With that, I'll return the call to Rick for some closing commentary. 

Richard E. Belluzzo 

Well, thank you, Amar. Today, we are very excited to announce that Oleg Khaykin has been named CEO and board 
member for Viavi Solutions. This appointment will be effective tomorrow, and I will work with Oleg to execute a 
smooth transition. The Viavi Board began the search process in mid-August, and we conducted an exhaustive process 
to ultimately reach this point. As I stated in the past, we were committed to find a strong leader with experience as a 
technology CEO that has successfully completed an operational transformation. I believe that we have that person in 
Oleg, who brings more than 20 years of industry experience and successfully led the transformation of International 
Rectifier, until its acquisition by Infineon AG in 2015. 

His résumé is impressive and includes roles as an Advisor at Silver Lake Partners and operational roles at Amkor, 
Conexant and Motorola. He spent eight years at the Boston Consulting Group and has a B.S. in Electrical and 
Computer Engineering from Carnegie Mellon and an MBA from Northwestern. In short, Oleg has an ideal background 
to lead Viavi Solutions. 

Over the last few months, Oleg and I have spent a considerable amount of time together discussing the opportunities 
and challenges at Viavi. I believe that Oleg will embrace the recent progress we have made and extend the gains 
further. So, Oleg, congratulations and I look forward to working with you. 

In closing, I would like to express my thanks to our employees, our business partners and shareholders. I would like to 
thank the board for giving me this opportunity and it's been an exciting six months and I'm proud of the progress that 
the Viavi team has made on many, many fronts. 

This executive team has been outstanding to work with. I appreciate all the support I have received and I'm even more 
enthusiastic about the future of the company. I will continue as Chairman and be fully supportive of this management 
team. 

Let me turn the call over to Oleg for some comments. 

Oleg Khaykin 

Thank you, Rick. First, I would like to thank Rick for all the heavy lifting he has done in the past six months. It has 
made it easier for me to hit the ground running. And I'm very excited to be here and agree with Rick about the 
opportunities and challenges at Viavi. I look forward to taking the company to the next level of profitability and 
revenue growth and I hope to meet many of you at various investor conferences and meetings in the coming weeks and 
months. Thank you. 

Bill Ong 

Thank you, Oleg. Before I begin the question-and-answer session, we originally issued [indiscernible] (19:52) notice 
for our Analyst Day event scheduled for next month, March 15. We will be rescheduling our Analyst Day event at a 
later date to accommodate our new CEO's schedule. We will provide notice to our investors with a new date in the 
coming weeks. 

Jonathan, let's begin the question-and-answer session. I'd like to ask everyone to limit their discussion to one question 
and one follow-up. 


Q&A 

Operator 

Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Patrick Newton from Stifel. Your question, 
please. 

<Q - Patrick Newton>: Yes. Good afternoon. Oleg, welcome to the team. Rick and Amar, thank you for taking my 
questions. I guess, just jumping right in and putting Oleg on the spot or I guess for Oleg and Rick. When we think 
about the Viavi transformation and, Rick, you highlighted that's why you hired Oleg. Does this transformation 
potentially consist of asset sales, exiting businesses or investing, acquiring to fix SE to accelerate growth? I know it's 
very early, but where should or how should investors think about where the transformation could occur? 

<A - Richard E. Belluzzo>: Well, I'll make my comment here and then I'll let Oleg add to it, since he's only been 
around in the office for a day or so here. Over the last six months we have spent a lot of time digging into all the 
product lines and all the opportunities where we invest. And a couple of the conclusions from that are, first and 
foremost, I believe our core instrument business, the portfolio we have today with maybe some slight adjustments here 
and there, but basically that portfolio has a lot of potential and that we showed that this quarter and we believe we have 
more. We're still not fully reaching the edge of the reach for the company, so we're making investments frankly to 
improve revenue. We believe we could take our instrument technology and other segments where there is growth; 
wireless, we still have more opportunities. So, I would like to think about the instrument business as a slow growth 
market where I believe we can grow with the market or better. 

On the assurance side of the business – let me go to enterprise then for a moment. So we've made some investments in 
enterprise; we're delivering growth there. I believe we have more we can clearly do and bring in network technology 
and expertise to the data center and the cloud and I think that's something we will continue to work on and invest in and 
we're building a stronger go-to-market there today so that we can capture a bigger part of that market, but that's already 
starting to show good results. 

And then in the assurance business, which is where we've had this challenge of some decline in the traditional business 
and the growth segments, I believe that we have the faster growing market. We have a very strong set of technologies 
and we're building that capability, which will I think represent a longer-term growth opportunity. 

So that's how I think the portfolio is. Now, what we have to do is in addition to driving that growth across the segments 
as I've described, we have to become more efficient. We've talked about simplifying our structure, focusing our R&D 
investments, and doing a number of things that gets our operating expense structure to the point where the combination 
of that and some revenue growth will deliver really nice profit improvement. And I would just lastly say that within all 
of that, we have some decisions to make, we have some work to do, we have some investments, but I think we're going 
to – as I've said, at least up till now, my view has been we can do those in steps, we can incrementally make 
improvements and changes, but we don't want to take our eye off the opportunity to win in the market, to grow business 
because we're in a growth segment and our results should reflect that. 

Oleg... 

<A - Oleg Khaykin>: Thank you, Rick. I very much second what Rick just mentioned. But, I think, it's a bit too early 
for me to give you the prescription and exactly what I'll be doing. I think within three months I'll be able to provide you 
with a lot more color. But, generally, everything starts with the top line and first and foremost, you really need to focus 
on taking back some share. And I think Rick very well pointed out that there's opportunities for us to gain the share 
back and we are in the growing markets and we should reflect it. 

But also the second part of the equation is meaningfully improving the OpEx productivity. Viavi is a very gross margin 
rich company. It operates in the markets that in many ways pay premium for excellence in technology and service. But, 
we also have to be mindful at what cost we deliver these technology and services. And more importantly, really make 


sure that the money that we spent on the operational support of our businesses, is spent in the focused manner, spent 
aggressively where we can make meaningful movements in the needle and the market share and the growth. And also, 
execute well in the R&D and other functions in the company. 

So, all these things taken together, to me, the ultimate reflection of improved shareholder return is growing the bottom 
line which is the operating income. 

<Q - Patrick Newton>: Great. 

<A - Richard E. Belluzzo>: I'd also mention on OSP. We view OSP as a growth opportunity as well. There's some 
significant technology there. We've applied it to a very attractive market and yet we think there's a lot more going on 
there, and so that's another new approach we've taken, is how do we take that strength and find segments where we can 
also grow. So, I'd like everyone to think about Viavi not as purely just as a cost cutting story. There's some of that, but I 
certainly believe we have a lot of growth potential and we have more work to do to make sure we can deliver that in 
our results. 

<Q - Patrick Newton>: Great. And then for my follow-up, I just want to dig in on the SE segment, trying to 
understand revenue, demand and margin. I guess on the revenue side, could you help us understand the relative size of 
the assurance business? It seems like the sequential downtick and year-over-year downtick is quite aggressive, just 
given what I thought was the relative size of the assurance business? 

On demand, you've had a couple of competitors that have talked about another full shift, and service provider sentiment 
shift in the last few weeks on the negative side. I'm curious if you have any commentary there? 

And then on margin, Amar, you did talk about gross margin being due to lower assurance, but I would assume that had 
a positive mix impact on software. So, I'm a little bit surprised on the magnitude of the downtick in gross margin? And 
I'm just wondering, if you could give us a few more points as to the why? Thank you. 

<A - Richard E. Belluzzo>: Let me just say something about the market and I'll let Amar address the numbers. We are 
still building this business, so the big macro market trends may not affect us as much and yet these projects are harder 
to close. And I think we would say that we still – we have a very rich funnel of opportunity we're working probably our 
funnel is in the next six months as big as it has been. It takes longer to close business and maybe that's a reflection a 
little bit on the economic environment. But, where we had – it had some wins, we really do add unique capability, our 
customers' feedback is very enthusiastic; it just takes longer. And I think the market slowdown can potentially add to 
that. But, we still feel that given our size that we can push through here and make some meaningful gains. 

<A - Amar Maletira>: So, the first question, Patrick, let me see if I can address that, the mix between assurance and 
the enterprise. It's roughly about 70% is assurance and 30% is enterprise in the SE space and the 30% is growing. Now, 
when you look at the assurance space, there are two portfolios in that, one is the new opportunities, which is actually if 
you look at first half we grew very high double digit in that particular portfolio. 

And then, the second piece is the legacy or the mature piece of the assurance portfolio that's running off very rapidly, 
right? So, the reason why the margins were down is because the new piece of the portfolio or the growth opportunities, 
the revenue is very lumpy. So, we win deals, we basically book the order, in some cases with deferred revenue, as you 
can see our deferred revenue and backlog position actually increased sequentially about 16% in SE business. And that 
revenue actually starts showing up once we deliver the solution and gain acceptance. And when that revenue starts 
showing up, it comes in with a very high profit drop. 

So when you have periods, where the lumpy revenue doesn't show up, you see pressure in your gross margins and that's 
exactly what happened this quarter. 

<Q - Patrick Newton>: Great. Thank you for taking my question and for the further clarity. Good luck. 

<A - Amar Maletira>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rod Hall from JPMorgan. Your question, please. 

<Q - Ashwin X. Kesireddy>: Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. This is Ashwin on behalf of Rod. I have one 
question for Rick. You announced $100 million of share repurchase program, which is about I think 8% of your market 
cap. But, as we look forward, how should we think about [ph] capital lead-in program here? (30:24) Are there any other 
assets you're planning to monetize and is that included here in the $100 million program? And kind of tied to that, can 
you talk about visibility in the business now particularly on the NE segment? And then I have a follow-up. 

<A - Richard E. Belluzzo>: I don't know if I followed your question on $100 million. It's a question... 

<Q - Ashwin X. Kesireddy>: I was just trying to understand the rationale behind the program, like why did you make 
the announcement? 

<A - Richard E. Belluzzo>: Okay. 

<Q - Ashwin X. Kesireddy>: Now do you feel like you have better visibility in the business or... 

<A - Richard E. Belluzzo>: Okay, okay. 

<Q - Ashwin X. Kesireddy>: Also going forward, how should we think about that? 

<A - Richard E. Belluzzo>: Yes. So on that I would say, first of all, I'm sure every – this is my last day as a CEO, but 
I'm sure every CEO feels, their shares are undervalued, we certainly feel that when you do a sum of the parts analysis 
and everyone look at it that we're undervalued. So buying our shares back is not a bad decision. We would also say that 
now that the spin is completed, we're a smaller company. And we also have got a lot of those costs behind us. 

And so given our improved results and all we just feel, it's a good step forward to take some shares off the table and to 
do a repurchase, we think it is a good time. And as Amar said, we want to be opportunistic about it and make smart 
choices there, but we would certainly fully intend and are encouraged about moving forward to spend that money 
wisely and reduce our share count. So that's what I'd say about that. 

On visibility, I think – you know, on one hand of me, I want to have caution because I see all the things that were 
happening in the marketplace, I get concerned of course in the first quarter, calendar quarter about budget release and 
all of these things. Having said all that, I think we would say that Q3 is typically a challenging quarter, but I would say 
that as we look at funnels and we look at progress, we feel that we can stand behind the guidance we have. I mean, so 
we know we see a path there and of course and also we wouldn't have provided it. 

So, I think the market is okay. There are a lot of trends that are in the marketplace. We talked about DOCSIS 3.1, 100 
Gig, all of these trends that I think will lead to more instrumentation. And so we're excited about that. And I'd also say, 
I think we get some benefit by just the fact that this business used to be a lot larger for us, it's come down. And we're 
reasserting ourselves to be clear. And so our opportunity to gain business, I think it's widely known we have good 
products in the industry. And I think that our sales and marketing capability is getting better. And so all of those things 
make us feel like we can be positive. 

<Q - Ashwin X. Kesireddy>: Thanks for the color. If I could follow up, your comment on the access market that it 
grew by about 50% year-over-year for you. I was curious to know if there are any specific pockets of customer 
verticals the Tier 1 driven or is it Tier 2 driven or Tier 3 driven, where you saw the pickup? 

<A - Paul McNab>: Yes. So, I'll comment on that. So in the access side of the business, we saw major growth as you 
mentioned and we saw the XDS [ph] sell side (33:58) of that market really grow substantially both in the Tier 1 but 
also in the rest of the service provider market as well. We think over the next 12 months, we'll see that increase 
potentially from new technologies like G.fast, I'm taking off both in North America and Europe. So we feel very 
comfortable moving forward on the access side of the business. And we mentioned on cable, that was down a little bit 
because maybe a slight lull as we see DOCSIS 3.1 start to take off in spring this year. 


<Q - Ashwin X. Kesireddy>: Great. Thank you, and congratulations, Oleg. 

<A - Richard E. Belluzzo>: Thank you. 

<A - Oleg Khaykin>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alex Henderson from Needham. Your question, please. 

<Q - Joshua Buchalter>: Hi, this is Josh Buchalter on behalf of Alex. Congratulations on the results and thank you for 
taking my question. Firstly, obviously there's been work done to cut costs. Is there kind of a long-term target, where 
you see OpEx whether on a dollar basis or as a percentage of sales? 

<A - Richard E. Belluzzo>: Amar, you want to do that? 

<A - Amar Maletira>: Yes. So, if I understood, you're looking for a long-term expense to revenue ratio. Is that what – 
sorry, I couldn't hear you properly. 

<Q - Joshua Buchalter>: Yes. Sorry, I must have issues with the mic. Yes. I was mainly looking for some more color 
on longer-term, how you think about OpEx, whether there is a dollar goal or a percent of sales? 

<A - Amar Maletira>: Yes, I think that's clear. Thank you so much. So, let me just take you back to – in my prepared 
remarks, I did mention that we made a tremendous amount of progress in our unlock program, right? So, you've a little 
bit more color there, we achieved almost 80% of the net targeted savings from the unlock program which has been 
related to restructuring and if you think about it how we achieved it this was a result of multiple initiatives, we were 
rightsizing the organization, it became from JDSU to vis-à-vis a much smaller organization. We were also off-shoring 
certain sub-functions within IT and finance and we were also driving non-labor cost reductions. Now, just keep in mind 
this is still ongoing. We have a lot of work to still do as we continue to execute on the remaining unlock savings 
program. 

Additionally, we have initiatives in place that we're working on around simplification, process standardization, 
automation, et cetera. We should also result into incremental savings over a period of time. But also keep in mind that 
we will reinvest some of it back into the growth areas that Rick mentioned, in growth areas such as channel, enterprise 
and solutions because we have to be very mindful of where we make those investments. 

So, we're focused and we remain focused on improving our operating margin performance continuously and that's how 
you should measure us and we will give you more color and also a formal model during the Analyst Day. 

<Q - Joshua Buchalter>: Okay, great. Thank you. And then as my follow-up, we've seen some mixed data points 
throughout the industry this quarter, I was hoping you could maybe characterize the macro environment and also how 
should we think about your normal seasonality heading into the March quarter? I know you mentioned it qualitatively, 
but any typical trend either way would be helpful? Thank you. 

<A - Amar Maletira>: Yes. So, let me start with the first – the second question about seasonality, right, and then Rick 
can jump in on the macro, if we have some commentary on that. So, from a seasonality perspective, if you look at the 
midpoint of our guidance, which is $161 million in NSE revenue, it is actually down 11.3% sequentially and when you 
compare with your historical three-year average, it's actually down about 9.8%. 

So there is some conservatism in our guidance from that perspective. And as Rick alluded to earlier, we also see a 
combination of the higher deferred revenue that we talked about earlier, our backlog visibility and also rollover of 
couple of bookings and shipments from Q2 to early Q3, that's providing us some of the reasonable confidence that we 
will be able to hit our and to hit our guidance. 

<A - Richard E. Belluzzo>: And I am sorry, I had trouble hearing the first part of your question. 


<A - Amar Maletira>: Macro environment. 

<Q - Joshua Buchalter>: Yes, sorry, just about the macro environment, I apologize for that. 

<A - Paul McNab>: Yes, so on the macro side, if you look at both from the carriers and the enterprise, on the carrier 
side, we're still seeing capital spending driving towards LTE and the build-out of the backbone, both on the fronthaul 
and the backhaul and from a fiber perspective. We'd also seen as you've heard earlier on, major uptick in our fiber 
instruments and lab instruments from the 100 Gig build-out there. Though on the macroeconomic side on the 
enterprise, we see some weakness there globally, however, because our market share there is still small and growing 
that we don't see has impacted us in Q1, Q2 we've had very good growth and we continue to see that moving forward. 

<Q - Joshua Buchalter>: Thank you. That's very helpful and congratulations again. 

<A - Richard E. Belluzzo>: Thank you. 

<A - Amar Maletira>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of James Kisner from Jefferies LLC. Your question, please. 

<Q - James Kisner>: Very much. So, I guess I just want to start again, people have asked this question in different 
ways, but I was hoping if you could give a little more detail on the cost savings. You said that you achieved a 
significant amount of that I think $42 million in net annualized cost savings that you hoped to achieve previously by the 
June quarter. Could you kind of quantify how much and also and should we interpret your comment on reinvesting on 
the savings that the visible portion of the savings is [indiscernible] (39:45) behind us? 

<A - Richard E. Belluzzo>: I think what Amar said is, it's 80%... 

<A - Amar Maletira>: 80%. 

<A - Richard E. Belluzzo>: ...of that. 

<Q - James Kisner>: 80%. 

<A - Richard E. Belluzzo>: So, that $40 million number has been realized. I would just say that number was 
established a long time ago and we've made so many changes since then, that we've embraced that – those programs 
which affected G&A, R&D, a number of areas, which I think have been a part of our success here are the results. And 
we built on that and so I would not interpret that says that now we're going to invest, that we're finished with 
improvement here. I think we still believe that we have to improve our operating leverage and be able to continue to 
improve our productivity on operating expenses. And what I've said is, and results reflect that, is that we're going to 
lead with G&A, we're following with R&D, and so G&A was down double digits, R&D was down single digits. But on 
the sales and marketing side, our first priority is to regain momentum. 

If you remember in Q4 of last year, our NSE business was down in high double digits. I mean, we had a serious 
problem around revenue that job one here has been, we have to turn that around. And so we've turned that around and 
so we didn't want to be reengineering sales and marketing. In fact, we believe they're areas of investment. So, I would 
see that program continuing with continued work in both improving our productivity with R&D, the simplification 
programs to drive G&A and a much slower response and maybe even some investment here and there around sales and 
marketing so we can increase coverage in some areas so that we can keep our revenue moving in the right direction. 

Now, one thing I promised not to do and I haven't done since I've been in the job for six months was to make 
commitments that were outside of my range of influence, and so, one of those areas is around our operating expense 
structure and our business model. And I think that we've got to give Oleg a chance to get his arms around it and look at 
the business. And I think he shares the view that this business should be more profitable and that's going to take more 
work, but exactly what those levels are, you can expect us to communicate as soon as Oleg has a view on that. 


<Q - James Kisner>: Okay, that's helpful. And just as a follow-up here, you guys have talked in the past about trying 
to drive more software content in the business both organically and inorganically. Recognizing Oleg just joining here, 
but what are your latest thoughts on M&A and the status of the M&A funnel? Are you still actively pursuing 
acquisitions? Might you consider doing something larger to consolidate the industry given the pullback in some 
valuations [indiscernible] (42:46, and updated thoughts on your plans [indiscernible] (42:48). 

<A - Richard E. Belluzzo>: Well, I'll start on M&A. I felt in the time when I returned to the company that the 
divestiture took a lot of work, took a lot of capacity in the company. And we have had a lot, and still have work to do, 
to integrate what we've done in the past and to really make fundamental improvements in the company before we were 
in the M&A game. And so that has been my horizon for the last six months. I didn't feel like it was time for us to do 
more. There are clearly opportunities to do things in the areas of enterprise, in the areas of assurance. There could be 
consolidation moves on the instruments side, but that's something that I've built a position on and I would again, not to 
defer everything to Oleg, but I think that's another area that he'll come to grips with and come up with a perspective on 
how we should move forward. 

<A - Oleg Khaykin>: And I think just, I would add, I mean, clearly M&A is a tool in the corporate development; it's 
an important tool. But my feeling first and foremost is you got to fix your house first; you got to generate, become as 
efficient as you can get, because if you got to acquire another company and you still have a lot of loose ends, all you're 
going to do is compound complexity. So, I think first you got to do is focus on getting us in order and becoming very 
profitable and then we'll definitely look wider and further. 

<A - Richard E. Belluzzo>: Yes. And I would add, part of my conservatism on M&A is I feel it goes back to the 
discussions we've had about sales and marketing, is I think for M&A to work you really have to have a strong sales and 
marketing platform, because you buy assets and you want to be able to leverage those to higher volume than what they 
were when you bought them. We struggled with that. And I think that my strong commitment around building sales and 
marketing was really partially built on the fact that we needed to have a strong go-to-market platform. I think the 
enterprise business is an example of that. Our initial acquisitions there did not perform well. We have invested in 
enterprise go-to-market sales capability and channels and now we're seeing those numbers improve and our results 
improve. So, we want to keep moving on that and believe that's a requirement before other M&A would make a lot of 
sense. 

<Q - James Kisner>: That's great. Thanks. 

<A - Richard E. Belluzzo>: I'm sorry. On the Lumentum stake you asked, I think it's – we're in a position today where 
legally we have the opportunity to sell, but we haven't made any decision. And again, I think it's something we will – 
you know we're analyzing and going to sort out what the right choice is for – in our capital structure. 

<Q - James Kisner>: Great. Thanks and congrats to Oleg and welcome. Thanks. 

<A - Oleg Khaykin>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dmitry Netis from William Blair. Your question, please. 

<Q - Dmitry G. Netis>: Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking my question, and Oleg congrats on the exciting opportunity. 

<A - Oleg Khaykin>: Thank you. 

<Q - Dmitry G. Netis>: All right. Let's kind of ask the question on the customer front. I think you gave a number on 
your top five customers last quarter. I was just curious what they had done in terms of the growth rate. I think it was up 
40% last quarter. I'm just curious to see what the traction had been this quarter for those top five customers? 


<A - Paul McNab>: So on those top five customers from a year-on-year growth, we saw a growth of 50% this quarter 
on the NE side and a decline of about 25% on the SE side year-on-year. 

<A - Amar Maletira>: And so overall, I think NSE, it grew 14%. 

<A - Paul McNab>: Overall, we grew 14%. NSE as a whole business grew 14% with our top five customers. 

<Q - Dmitry G. Netis>: Great. Okay. That's very helpful. And then on kind of spending of those – your customers, 
your top Tier 1, Tier 2 customers, as you go and kind of ascertain the spending environment there, you look at sort of 
the CapEx numbers being put out there by some of the – Tier 1's closely watched, which are pretty healthy and pretty 
robust coming into 2016. You have put something in your press release as far as the macro concerns you may have. I 
was just curious if you can reconcile that? Is there anything specific you see? Is there maybe a couple of accounts that 
raise an eyebrow there and how does that relate to the overall spending with your customer base? 

<A - Richard E. Belluzzo>: I think we would share your view of the macro environment in terms of service providers, 
I think the environment is fine. And I would say that it's all about being in the right place too by the way, and we think 
we are – we have a good story there. But it's hard not to be concerned about the macro environment, when you worry 
about currency and you worry about potentially a pullback or a delay in budget releases and all those things, so things 
affect our business, and given all of the talk in the industry, we obviously have to be cautious. 

<Q - Dmitry G. Netis>: Thank you. 

<A - Richard E. Belluzzo>: But I would say nothing like specific that we're concerned about any particular service 
provider or that there is some declining or narrowing of opportunity. 

<Q - Dmitry G. Netis>: Okay, very good. That's what I was trying to get to. And, okay, that's helpful. And then just 
the SE and NE and I apologize I might have missed it since I joined a little bit late. But how should we think about that 
mix as we progress through the year. I think you said book-to-bill in SE was about one, you had a strong deferred 
revenue base there, which ultimately will translate into revenue. So are we looking for a strong kind of back half of the 
fiscal year with SE, is that a fair assumption? Just give us some color of how SE might trend? 

<A - Amar Maletira>: So, I think – I'm not going to give you guidance on the back half, but let me just give you some 
color on Q3. We believe that SE should sequentially improve its revenue from Q2 to Q3. We know that we're working 
on certain acceptances in couple of our top Tier customers. And we are working towards scaling those acceptances and 
that should basically show up in the revenue as deferred revenue. We start recognizing some of those revenues. So, we 
are expecting it to sequentially – actually increase from Q2 to Q3. 

<Q - Dmitry G. Netis>: Okay. 

<A - Paul McNab>: Over the next couple of quarters, as our deferred revenue increased here so [indiscernible] (50:04) 
converts to recognized revenue that should improve our profitability too. 

<Q - Dmitry G. Netis>: Okay, excellent. And kind of related to the SE side, and this is my last question, and I'll cede 
the floor. The service assurance market is quite interesting and we were starting to see this transition to the virtual 
probe market as it relates to [ph] NS being as the end (50:28) kind of initiatives with some of the largest Tier 1 
operators out there, which are your customers as well and we're starting to see some smaller players getting in the game 
and they're open to them, which is quite interesting. 

So maybe it's a bit early and maybe you'll share that with us at the Analyst Day, but I'm just curious to see what gives 
them sort of the power to kind of move in ahead of some of the more established players like yourself? And why 
haven't we seen your strategy sort of in that virtual NSE market pan out the way we're seeing it from some of the 
smaller competitors out there? 

<A - Paul McNab>: So, let's start on the NE side, so we've been migrating – well, let's say adding a lot of NSE 
functionality to our instruments like TrueSpeed and TrueSite, which we've had available for over 18 months now that 
we have delivered to customers for that period of time to already making a move there. So, on our instruments 


business, I'd say we're actually ahead of the competition and the established competitors on migrating that business 
towards virtualization. 

On the SE side of the business, specifically on the assurance side of the business, we think we have a very strong 
capability against the established incumbence, so we're still very hardware focused with a very small footprint of highly 
scalable cloud-based and technology that's software-based. That we do think actually is a differentiation. To your point 
with lot of the carriers where some of them are looking at some of the newer start-ups, where we're seeing increased 
competition there. We do actually think we're highly competitive on that side and so lack in the last quarter or two 
quarters, three new logos that we've won over the last quarter or so. So, we do think we actually are competitive to the 
new players against the incumbence. So I think it's the incumbence today that need to really make the transition to 
virtualization. 

<Q - Dmitry G. Netis>: Okay. 

<A - Richard E. Belluzzo>: I mean, it's the first inning in this game. I mean there are going to be wins and losses and 
there's a lot of work and a lot of opportunity, but we feel good about our position. 

<Q - Dmitry G. Netis>: All right. We'll look forward to hearing more about that at the Analyst Day. Thank you, guys, 
so much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Genovese from MKM Partners. Your question, please. 

<Q - Michael E. Genovese>: Oh, great. Thanks. Firstly, I just want to start with a clarification, I didn't hear anything 
on OSP book-to-bill and I also got confused about the NSE book-to-bill, so can you just clarify everything you've said 
about book-to-bill so far? 

<A - Amar Maletira>: So, we didn't give any information on OSP book-to-bill, but suffice to say it's greater than one, 
that's the reason we're seeing the strength going into the second half and that's reflected in our revenue guidance. On 
NSE, we said the book-to-bill was slightly lesser than one. SE was – now when you split NE and SE, NE was less than 
one, SE was actually greater than one and on the NE side we were very good in executing all the bookings that were 
coming in. So our teams across the board did a fantastic job in executing on NE in Q2. 

So we are comfortable with the backlog position we have in NE as we go into Q3, we have good visibility there and so 
that's again reflected in the guidance. 

<A - Richard E. Belluzzo>: And I think our comment about our kind of the more positive about OSP the rest of the 
year reflects the fact that we can see we have visibility into that which was reflected in the positive book-to-bill. 

<Q - Michael E. Genovese>: Okay. I guess I am confused because I thought I heard you say that NSE orders were 
strong, and strong and stronger than they've been since the March quarter of last year, but... 

<A - Richard E. Belluzzo>: That was SE bookings. 

<Q - Michael E. Genovese>: That was SE bookings. Okay, got it. Thanks for that clarification. I guess on a question, 
you yourself mentioned you think the stock is undervalued, sum of the parts, and it seems like one solution to take care 
of that would be to monetize one of the parts. And since we all know a lot about the NE business at least as telecom 
equipment analysts, but we don't really know a lot about the OSP business. Could you help us understand how 
monetizable that is? It wasn't easy to separate. Do you think that there would be buyers out there that would want to 
buy that business, if it went for sale? 

<A - Richard E. Belluzzo>: So, I'll just make a couple of comments. First of all, we do run them as a fair – OSP is a 
fairly independent unit. It's a very different business; that would be the point number one. Point number two is 
remember, we just completed a spin and I can tell you spins are not easy and so that our focus was to have a successful 


spinoff of the Lumentum business, which we are pleased that the teams did all the successful processes that they have 
had, that's number two. 

Number three is, hey, the business is on an uptick, where we are – we're keen to participate in that and so we think the 
OSP business this year is much more valuable than it was last year and we think that's a good thing. And then I would 
also point out, we didn't talk much about NOLs, but remember we also have a large NOL, cash of NOLs that make the 
OSP business particularly good for us. 

Any time somebody buys it, it's immediately worth less because they are going to start paying taxes. So, we are 
working to make every part of Viavi more valuable. And then I would again and to get and have completed the 
Lumentum spin and I think now we need to obviously think about the future what the strategy is. We have a new CEO, 
who will engage I'm sure in that process. But we're driving greater value throughout the company and using NOLs to 
our best capability. And that right now has been the plan for the company. 

<Q - Michael E. Genovese>: Great. I appreciate that answer. One final clarification, just on the discussion of service 
assurance and the SE business, legacy versus next gen, I didn't hear any mention of geolocation, is that still an area of 
focus? 

<A - Paul McNab>: Yes. So if we talk about the service assurance business, what we call SE, that's got three 
components in it. The enterprise that we talked about, the xSIGHT, which is kind of core mobile assurance, and then 
the local intelligence part is more on the RAN, inside of that, so we still actually have that business, so yes, that is still 
part of our portfolio, when – sorry. 

<A - Richard E. Belluzzo>: You go ahead, finish. 

<A - Paul McNab>: Okay. And so our value-add actually is increasingly the combination of location intelligence and 
xSIGHT that gives us a true end-to-end mobility offering, and that drove candidly some of the wins you've seen over 
the last couple of quarters being that combination of our xSIGHT core mobility and our location intelligence RAN 
access and that has driven a lot of our recent wins. 

<A - Richard E. Belluzzo>: Yes, we have some new logos this quarter for location intelligence, and we're extending 
that platform. I mean there are new capabilities that we're building around to increase its value as well as integrating it 
around our overall assurance story. 

<A - Amar Maletira>: Thanks for the questions. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of James Faucette from Morgan Stanley. Your question, please. 

<Q - Meta A. Marshall>: Hi, this is Meta Marshall on James' line. A couple of quick questions, if you could just kind 
of give some context for some of the channel program changes that you've made, I think we're looking to see, did you 
change channel compensation to have them target new customers? Or are there changes made to kind of add partners 
that would help you gain share, just a little bit of context there seemed to be improvement on channel wins? 

<A - Richard E. Belluzzo>: Let me make a couple of comments and then I'm going to let Paul dig a little deeper on it. 
So first all as we've said, a lot of parts of our business, especially in the instrument area and then the enterprise business 
of course is being – it's kind of diffuse, you know there are contractors doing service and there are a bunch – a move we 
believe over time that moves the business not just to big service providers, but to smaller players geographically to 
smaller customers and so having a more capable channel for that and the enterprise business has been key. I would say 
we were a little bit opportunistic about channel up until now. And I think with the Velocity Program, we brought the 
program together, put the appropriate structure behind it around MDF funds and opportunity, registration and all the 
programs and believe that it's given us a much more serious, so we could see it reflected in our numbers. 


A much more serious and capable success there. I would also say in addition to our program around Velocity, we also 
have put more effort into NIMs and other ways that we could leverage revenue through partners to reach customers 
rather than just doing it all ourselves. And so that's been an area of particular focus in the last year. We put investment 
behind, funding behind, and a program behind it. And we believe it will help us weak segments of the market that we 
have not been very effective at reaching up until now. 

<A - Paul McNab>: So just starting to what Rick said, so obviously North America, a lot of our business has been 
direct to increasing and moving that through channel. And in the obviously in certain regions those, to Rick's point, 
have been a very spotty and channel deployment. So, we hired Sergio Bea about 9 months to 12 months to lead our 
channel program. As of a couple of months ago, which you are probably aware, we launched our Velocity Program, 
that has three tiers of channel partner, what we call authorized, premier and elite partners. We have a [ph] contra-base 

(61:28) revenue driven MDF to fund those partners and we continue to sign those up to rapid rate. 
We've invested in channel marketing in every region to support those partners. On the sales side, we have hired channel 
managers to help support those partners as they scale. We have released and did a major update to our channel portal 
and deliver content. We incent where we can those channel partners to leverage all the content, the channel ready 
content we've developed within the marketing team. 

So, channel has been a very major initiative for us, critically important not only in our instruments business but as Rick 
said for our enterprise investments that we've made to grow enterprise as you know that typically goes through channel 
and that's been a big investment. So, channel to-date has been a big focus perhaps we start to seeing the return on that 
the last quarter or so. 

<Q - Meta A. Marshall>: Great. Thank you so much. 

Operator 

Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program back 
to Bill Ong. 

Bill Ong 

Thank you, Jonathan. This concludes our earnings call for today. Thank you, everyone. 

Operator 

Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You 
may now disconnect, good day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2016, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


