Q3 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Michelle Levine Schwartz, Investor Relations 
• Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• David Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Kevin Dennean 
• Mark Sue 
• Michael Genovese 
• Greg Mesniaeff 
• Jeff Evenson 
• Ajit Pai 
• Todd Koffman 
• Paul Bonenfant 
• Natarajan Subrahmanyan 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2010 JDSU Earnings Conference Call. My name is 
Alicia and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will be 
conducting a question-and-answer session towards the end of the call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this 
conference is being recorded for replay purposes. 

I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Michelle Levine. Please proceed. 

Michelle Levine Schwartz, Investor Relations 

Thank you, operator, and welcome to JDSU's fiscal 2010 third quarter financial results conference call. Joining me on 
the call today are Tom Waechter, Chief Executive Officer, and Dave Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer. 

I'd like to remind you that this call will include forward-looking statements about the future financial performance of 
the company. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ 
materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to look at the company's most recent filings 
with the SEC, particularly the Risk Factors section on report Form 10-K filed August 24, 2009, and 10-Q filed 
February 5, 2010. 

The forward-looking statements, including guidance provided during this call are valid only as of today's date and 
JDSU undertakes no obligation to update these statements as we move through the quarter. 

Please note that all numbers are non-GAAP, unless otherwise stated. A detailed reconciliation of these non-GAAP 
results to our GAAP results, as well as a discussion of their usefulness and limitations, is included in today's news 
release announcing our results, which is available on our Web site at www.JDSU.com. 


In addition, our current and historical financial tables are posted in the Investor portion of our Web site at 
www.JDSU.com/investors under the Financial Information section. Finally, and as a reminder, this call is being 
recorded and will be available for replay from the Investor section of our Web site. 

I would now like to turn the call over to Tom. 

Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Michelle, and good afternoon, everyone. I'd like to begin by providing a summary and some highlights of 
our fiscal third quarter results. JDSU reported revenue of $332.9 million, gross margins of 44.1%, operating profit of 
6.6%, and we continued to be free cash flow positive. We had very strong quarterly bookings at $400 million. This is 
the highest level the company has achieved in the past two years as demand for our products continues to be robust 
across all of our business segments. 

For the fourth quarter in a row, book to bill was above 1 for the company and each of the segments had a book to bill 
greater than 1. From a revenue perspective, growth was very strong in our CCOP and AOT segments. On a sequential 
basis, Optical Communications grew 15%, our Lasers business grew 12%, and AOT grew 7%. Test and Measurement 
revenue declined on a sequential basis, due to seasonality and material shortages although bookings remained strong. 

Year-over-year revenue for Test and Measurement grew 14%. This past weekend, we closed the acquisition of the 
Network Solutions Division or NSD business from Agilent. The acquired business complements and strengthens our 
leading Communications Test and Measurement business, creates an end-to-end wireless network test portfolio, and 
expands our addressable market by nearly $800 million. We are particularly well positioned to provide test equipment 
and services for the LTE market through this acquisition. 

Another highlight of the quarter is the continued improvement in our Optical Communications and Lasers gross 
margins. Lasers' gross margins exceeded 40% and Optical Communications' gross margins were 26%, hitting our target 
range of 25 to 30% one quarter sooner than originally forecasted. And in Q3, AOT reported record bookings, revenues, 
gross profit, and operating profits. Currency was especially strong. AOT is providing color shifting pigment on the new 
$100 bill announced last month, specifically on the Liberty Bell and the number 100 on the bill. 

Now let me provide more details on the performance of our individual business segments. First, the Communications 
Test and Measurement segment. Fiscal Q3 revenues declined 17.6% compared to the last quarter and were up 14.1% 
year-over-year. The sequential decline in revenue was a result of the March quarter seasonality and increased supply 
constraints that affect their ability to achieve revenue targets. The supply constraints resulted in approximately 13 
million of revenue rolling into the fourth fiscal quarter, the majority of which has now been delivered. 

Demand remains strong as book to bill was greater than 1 for the fourth quarter in a row. As I mentioned earlier, this 
past weekend we closed the acquisition of the Network Solutions Division from Agilent which complements and 
strengthens our Test and Measurement business and creates an end-to-end wireless network test portfolio, including 
LTE test. This expanded portfolio now provides access testing with NSD drive tests and JDSU active service testing, 
Ethernet backhaul transport tests with portables and systems and LTE signaling tests with NSD protocol analyzers and 
systems. 

According to Infonetics, worldwide there are over 50 operators in more than 25 countries committed to LTE trials and 
deployments. Ethernet backhaul continues to be a large and growing business opportunity worldwide. According to a 
recent industry report, mobile backhaul equipment revenues are up 21% in 2009 to $7.2 billion. 

Worldwide and mobile backhaul equipment is forecasted to grow 8% in 2010 to $7.8 billion and to have a CAGR of 
7.6% from 2010 to 2014, reaching revenues of $10.4 billion in 2014. The estimated cumulative spending over the five 
year period of 2010 through 2014 is over $45 billion. There are over 25 operators around the world deploying IP 
Ethernet backhaul to carry all voice and data traffic. The investment is fueled by increasing mobile subscribers, 
especially in India, China, Africa, Latin America, as well as increased user bandwidth demand. 


Consumer adoption of bandwidth-intensive mobile applications continues to strain the backhaul portion of network, 
driving carrier Ethernet deployment to address quality and reliability issues. JDSU is a leader in this field, offering 
instruments, services and integrated systems that support the cost effective, rapid deployment of Ethernet. 

JDSU's products and systems that capitalize on the Ethernet backhaul business opportunity include our TBERD/
MTS-6000A and our HST Ethernet portable test devices and our NetComplete Ethernet solution, a 
software-based tool that receives inputs from remote probes in a network to help troubleshoot problems with Ethernet 
services. 

Bookings and revenue continue to grow rapidly in the Ethernet backhaul arena across an expanding number of 
customers, with bookings to date from one customer alone exceeding $25 million. We believe we have the leadership 
position in our served available market for Ethernet backhaul test. 

Another growth driver for Test and Measurement segment is DOCSIS 3.0. By working directly with chipset 
manufacturers, JDSU has emerged with the only second-generation chipset for testing DOCSIS 3.0. Simply put, JDSU 
products can test customer solutions that carry traffics at speeds of 300 megabits -- bytes in the U.S. and 400 megabytes 
for EMEA and most of Asia. 

This provides a significant competitive advantage as we believe alternative solutions cannot currently test beyond 200 
megabyte solutions. Our investment today in a second generation chipset secures a strong and long-term position for 
JDSU, not only for new sales of DSAMs, but also provides an upgrade path for our customers who collectively have 
purchased over 70,000 DSAMs over the last eight years. Today we have over 30 customers in North America, Europe, 
and Asia; over 1,000 units shipped of our DOCSIS 3.0 offering in fiscal Q3. 

In another example that demonstrates JDSU technology leadership, we continued to lead the market in 100 gig lab and 
production testing. Last quarter, we shipped 100 gig systems to six customers across all geographic regions. And in Q3 
we have continued the trend with four additional customers in Japan, UK, Germany and the U.S. And JDSU continues 
to lead the market in field service including fiber optic tests, storage area network tests, and we have the leading market 
share for our addressable market in 40 and 100 gig test systems. 

And finally, in April, we announced that JDSU won the 2010 Best in Test Award from Test and Measurement World in 
the Communications Network Test category with the T-BERD/MTS-4000 multi-services test platform. The product 
was chosen for its exceptional ability to support technicians installing and maintaining access in fiber networks, while 
ensuring quality delivery of voice, video, and Internet services. 

Moving onto our Communications and Commercial Optical Product segment. First, our Optical Communications 
business; in fiscal Q3 revenue grew by 15% from the prior quarter and 23.4% year-on-year. Book-to-bill was again 
over 1, reflecting the traction of several new products including our gesture recognition technology with 50 gigahertz 
WSS, our Super Transport Blade and the tunable XFP. 

We continue to gain market share and believe we are growing faster than the market as nine of our 11 product lines 
grew sequentially with the highest growth in ROADMs, pluggables, modulators, and 980 pumps. 

Other notable product performance for the quarter includes the following: Our 980 pump unit shipments were at their 
highest level since its peak in the year 2000. We have shipped the tunable XFP to over 30 customers, significantly 
increasing our SAM. As we increase capacity for the tunable XFP in the current quarter, we expect to gain share in the 
tunable market. 

ROADM revenue in Q3 grew by over 22% compared to last quarter and is over 25% of total Optical Communications 
revenue. ROADM bookings continue to be very strong with record bookings and a book to bill significantly greater 
than 1. Our next generation 50 gigahertz ROADM, which began production volume shipped since last quarter, 
continues to ramp. 

Our recently introduced Super Transport Blades have gained very positive traction in the market. Based on the strong 
customer interest, growing order intake rate, and unique positioning in the market, we expect these advanced products 
to provide profitable growth for our Optical Communications business into the foreseeable future. 


All geographic regions grew quarter-over-quarter. Asia had strong sequential growth and, once again, we reported 
record revenues in China. 

The revenue breakdown between transport and transmission was 63% and 37%, respectively. Trends we are seeing in 
transmission include the disruption in the 10 gig market with our tunable XFP and more demand for 10 gig transceivers 
and VCSELs for wireless backhaul and data center applications. 

For transport, we continue to work closely and collaborate with our customers on 40 gig and 100 gig components and 
modules. We continue to innovate to maintain our technology leadership, most recently with several new 
announcements at OFC, including a demonstration of the industry's first 1X23 WSS platform which will enable 
colorless and directionless architectures, essentially enabling any add/drop port to be switched to any degree in the 
ROADM node. We also announced new low port-count WSSs for 150 gigahertz applications. We introduced a suite of 
tunable XFP variants with performance enhancements that we believe will continue the adoption of pluggables and 
300-pin applications. We also announced plans to develop a range of new 40 gig and 100 gig Optical products, 
including transponders, modulators, coherent optical mixers, and new ITLA products. 

Bandwidth capacity requirements continue to increase, requiring a great degree of flexibility in the network. To support 
this, all the components within an optical network must also be agile. We've collaborated with our customers on this 
mix of new products that will help them get the most agility out of every network node in the most cost efficient way 
possible. 

Our Lasers business grew 12% sequentially and 63% year-over-year. We saw strength predominantly in our solid state 
lasers. Geographically we saw significant growth in Japan as the region accounted for 35% of revenue in the third 
quarter. Recovery continues in Tier 1 customers and we are also starting to see recovery in Tier 2 customers as the LED 
market strengthens. We have also completed the major lean initiatives in Lasers as evidenced by an 8 percentage point 
improvement as Lasers' gross margins increased to 41.3%. 

Next, our Advanced Optical Technology segment. In Q3, the AOT segment reported record revenues, growing 7.3% 
sequentially to $58.6 million, record gross profits of $30.1 million and record operating profits of $22.5 million. Also 
bookings were at a historical high and book to bill was greater than 1. We saw strength in our Currency business, where 
we had record revenues in our Custom Optics business which includes our 3D products and filters for gesture 
recognition applications. 

Additionally, our Custom Color Solution sales were strong, in part due to Cadillac, who chose JDSU ChromaFlair 
pigments in order to create sophisticated color options on its cars. The pigments add depth to automobiles by changing 
color when viewed from different angles. A collaboration with Cadillac with a color resource helps keep Cadillac 
products at the forefront as a premier brand. 

And as I mentioned earlier, AOT is also providing color shifting pigment on the new $100 bill announced in April, 
specifically on the Liberty Bell and on the number 100 on the bill. We saw a continued softness in our Transactions 
Card business as new credit card issuances remain depressed. Despite this softness, the AOT segment produced record 
revenues. 

On to our corporate priorities, we continue to capitalize on the positive long-term growth opportunities in our markets. 
JDSU will continue to focus on four priorities. These priorities will enable us to further differentiate ourselves, increase 
our leadership position in the markets we serve, and further improve our financial model. First is our focus on 
profitable, market-based innovation. 

We continue to collaborate with our customers and invest in profitable market-based innovation to drive market share 
gains and profitable revenue growth. It is our goal to increase the percentage of revenue from products that are less than 
2 years old to greater than 50% over the next 3 years. 

We have made significant progress with new product introductions, especially Optical Communications. Additionally, 
the AOT segment and Optical Communications business developed filter and diode laser technologies for use in 
gesture recognition, a new market for JDSU. We began shipments to a major home gaming provider this quarter and 


expect the revenue to ramp over the next few quarters. We are also exploring other opportunities as new applications 
develop, such as automotive controls, lighting control, and home security. 

Our second corporate priority is increasing our global market presence. We are placing more emphasis on expanding 
our market penetration and receiving our fair share of business outside of our traditionally strong North American and 
Western European markets. We've continued to see this emphasis paying off. For example, growth in Asia 
year-over-year has exceeded 25%. In Asia, revenue in Q3 was 26% of overall JDSU revenue. 

Our third priority is lean. The heavy lifting to reduce our costs and improve our financial model is complete and we are 
seeing evidence of the model working as the top line improves. This is especially evident in our Optical 
Communications and Laser businesses, where gross margins increased to 26% and 41%, respectively, which are 
significant improvements for both business units. 

And finally, maximizing the utilization of our assets. We are focusing on the utilization of our assets in order to 
maximize shareholder value. Our priorities for cash remain generating cash and strategic accretive acquisitions in our 
core or adjacent markets. JDSU has continued to generate positive cash from operations for 14 consecutive quarters. 

The Storage Network Tools acquisition that took place a little less than a year ago has been accretive. And we expect 
the NSD acquisition to produce similar results after it has been fully integrated into JDSU. 

As I conclude my formal remarks, I would like to thank our employees for their continued efforts and dedication. We 
are seeing a clear path to recovery and long-term success after implementing our strategic initiatives during a difficult 
recessionary period. I would also like to thank our customers, partners, vendors and our long-term shareholders for 
their continued support of JDSU. 

With that, I will hand the call over to Dave who will take you through the details of our financial performance in Q3 
and discuss our Q4 outlook. 

David Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Tom. Before I start, please note that all numbers are non-GAAP unless I state otherwise. Third quarter 
revenues of $332.9 million were down 3.2% from the previous quarter and up 19.2% when compared to the third 
quarter of fiscal 2009. Revenues increased sequentially in our CCOP and AOT segments and declined in our Test and 
Measurement segment due to March quarter seasonality and supply constraints of approximately $13 million. 

For fiscal Q3, our Test and Measurement segment contributed 44% of total revenue, compared to 51% in fiscal Q2. Our 
CCOP segment contributed 39% of total revenue and our AOT segment contributed 17% of total revenue compared to 
33% and 16%, respectively in fiscal Q2. 

Third quarter gross margin of 44.1% was down from the previous quarter's gross margin of 44.6% and up from the 
third quarter fiscal 2009's gross margin of 41.8%. The sequential decline in gross margin is due primarily to segment 
mix. The year-over-year improvement is due to improved margins in the CCOP segment. 

Operating expenses for the fiscal third quarter of $124.6 million were down from the previous quarter's $125.3 million 
and were up slightly from the prior year's third quarter operating expenses of $123.2 million. The sequential decline 
reflects how the company's variable pay plan adjusts with the operating profit of the company. 

Our operating income for the quarter was $22.1 million, or 6.6% of revenue, which compares to an operating income of 
$28.1 million or 8.2% of revenue for the previous quarter and an operating loss of $6.4 million or negative 2.3% of 
revenue for the prior year. 

Net income for the third quarter of $23.2 million or $0.10 per share compares to the previous quarter's net income of 
$26.6 million or $0.12 per share and the prior year's net loss of $5.4 million, or a loss of $0.03 per share. A detailed 
reconciliation of our non-GAAP results to our GAAP results is available in today's press release. 


Our third quarter non-GAAP results exclude, among other items, $18.6 million of amortization of acquired technology, 
a $10 million charge related to stock based compensation and a $3 million for restructuring and non-recurring 
expenses. Including the noted items, the third quarter fiscal 2010 GAAP net loss narrowed to $11.9 million or a loss of 
$0.05 per share, which compares to the previous quarter's GAAP net loss of $19.5 million or a loss of $0.09 per share. 

Now looking at revenue by region. Americas' revenue of $151.7 million was 45% of total revenue, down $21.9 million 
from the prior quarter. The decrease was in Test and Measurement and was primarily due to approximately $10 million 
of service provider budget flush that was realized in the December quarter and seasonally lower service provider 
demands in North America and Latin America. 

EMEA revenue of $95.8 million was 29% of total revenue, up 1 million from the prior quarter as we expanded our 
product penetration into countries such as Morocco, Croatia and South Africa. Asia Pacific revenue was $85.4 million, 
up $10 million from the previous quarter and represented 26% of total revenue. The increase was due primarily to 
demand from Optical Communications customers in China and Laser customers in Japan. 

Moving to the segments. In the Test and Measurement segment third quarter revenue of $145.7 million was down 
17.6% from the previous quarter's $176.9 million, and up 14.1% from the prior year's $127.7 million. As previously 
noted, the March quarter is typically seasonally soft as budgets are released during the quarter. In addition, we 
experienced material supply constraints of approximately $13 million, the majority of which has been delivered in the 
fourth fiscal quarter. 

From a product standpoint, our field test revenue declined by 20%, lab and production revenue declined by 13% and 
service assurance revenue declined by 18%. That said, we continue to see strong demand for wireless backhaul 
solutions as growth in this market remains strong in both North America and Europe. 

Book to bill for the quarter was greater than 1. Fiscal Q3 gross margin for Test and Measurement of 54.9% was down 
compared to the previous quarter. The decrease in gross margin percentage was primarily due to product mix and lower 
ASPs. Operating expenses in our Test and Measurement segment grew sequentially, primarily due to employer payroll 
taxes and increased R&D spending. 

Due to the lower revenue, increased ASP pressure and resulting impact on gross margins, along with the increase in 
operating expenses, the Test and Measurement operating profit of $11.5 million, or 7.9% of revenue, decreased when 
compared to the prior quarter's operating profit of $31.5 million or 17.8% of revenue. We believe that the Test and 
Measurement market is experiencing a higher than normal level of ASP pressure. 

As a result, we're implementing a number of actions designed to reduce our Test and Measurement cost structure by 
approximately $3 million per quarter. These actions will impact both the manufacturing overhead and the operating 
expenses of the business. 

Additionally, as Tom noted earlier, we completed the acquisition of the NSD business from Agilent. The NSD 
business's historical fiscal quarter ran from April through July, with up to 50% of the quarterly revenue being 
recognized in the third month of the fiscal quarter. The NSD operating model also historically has higher gross margins 
and operating expenses as a percentage of revenue when compared to the historical Test and Measurement operating 
model. The targeted operating margin model for NSD upon full integration into JDSU is 20 to 23%, which is aligned 
with the Test and Measurement operating model. 

For our fiscal fourth quarter, the NSD business will only contribute two months of revenue forecasted to be between 15 
and $20 million, subject to potential post-closing adjustments based on the terms of the acquisition; operating expenses 
of 15 to $16 million which include temporary costs to integrate the business into JDSU. Therefore we expect that the 
NSD business will have an estimated operating loss of 4 to 6 million for the June quarter. In the September quarter, we 
expect the NSD business will continue to incur temporary transition costs, but will generate an operating profit. 

Now to the Test and Measurement operating model. With the temporary incremental costs associated with the 
acquisition of the NSD business, and the current Test and Measurement ASP pressure, the Test and Measurement 
operating profit for the June and September quarters is expected to be below the targeted long-term operating margin 


model of 20 to 23% when revenues are $175 million. We expect that for the June quarter, which will only have two 
months of NSD revenue, the Test and Measurement operating margin will range between 11 and 14% of revenue. 

For the September quarter, the Test and Measurement operating margin is expected to be between 14 and 17% of 
revenue. We expect the Test and Measurement segment to be at the target operating margin model of 20 to 23% when 
revenues are $175 million by the end of the calendar year. 

Now moving on to our CCOP segment, the breakout of the key metrics for Optical Communications and Lasers is as 
follows. Optical Communications' revenue for fiscal Q3 was $109.9 million, up 14.9% when compared to the previous 
quarter's revenue of $95.6 million, up 23.4% when compared to the prior year's $89 million. Revenue that we were 
unable to ship due to supply constraints totaled more than $5 million. 

Gross margin for the quarter was 26%, up from the previous quarter's gross margin of 22.5% despite a nearly 6% 
decline in ASPs. The ASP decline, as expected, was above our historical quarterly range of 2 to 4%. The improvement 
in gross margin is attributable to reduced manufacturing costs, higher utilization of our fabs, and more favorable 
product mix. Our target for sustainable gross margins remains in the 25 to 30% range. Book to bill was greater than 1 
with the highest quarterly bookings in over 5 years. 

In our Lasers business, third quarter revenue of $18.7 million was up 11.9% when compared to the previous quarter and 
gross margins for the quarter improved to 41.3%. Book to bill was also greater than 1. 

On a total segment level due to higher revenue and improved gross margin, operating income for CCOP was $12.5 
million or 9.7% of revenue. We believe the CCOP operating model supports sustainable operating margins of 10 to 
15% at revenue levels of $150 million or greater per quarter. 

For the Advanced Optical Technologies or AOT segment, fiscal Q3 revenue of $58.6 million was up 7.3% compared to 
the previous quarter and up 14.9% compared to the prior year. AOT book to bill was greater than 1 for the quarter. 
Fiscal Q3 gross margin for our AOT segment was 51.5%, up from the previous quarter. 

AOT's operating profit for the quarter was $22.5 million or 38.4% of revenue, up from the previous quarter's $19.6 
million or 35.9% of revenue. The increase is primarily due to increased volumes in our Currency business. Our 
sustainable operating model is for operating margins of 34 to 37%. 

Moving to the balance sheet, the company's total cash was $713.1 million. The company's accounts receivable balance 
grew as supply constraints resulted in a higher than normal level of shipments at quarter end. Days sales outstanding 
increased to 65 days. The company was free cash flow positive $7.9 million for the quarter. The head count as of May 
2 was 4,670 which includes nearly 700 employees from the NSD acquisition. 

Now, to JDSU's operating models. Prior to the addition of the NSD business, the company's operating model supported 
10% operating margins when quarterly revenues were between 375 and $385 million and gross margins were 46%. 
This revenue range assumes a segment mix of 175 million from Test and Measurement, 150 million from CCOP and 50 
million from AOT. 

The NSD business's longer term operating model is for operating margins of 20 to 23% when quarterly revenues are 
over $40 million per quarter. Therefore the combined operating model is for sustainable operating margins of 11% 
when revenues are between 415 and $425 million per quarter. 

Now to our Q4 guidance. First, some points to consider as you think about our financial performance over the coming 
quarters. Lead times from our component suppliers may impact revenues in the quarter. In Q3, due to supply 
constraints, we were unable to ship more than $18 million of customer demand. 

Test and Measurement revenue is historically seasonally stronger in the June quarter as compared to the March quarter. 
NSD revenue for the fiscal fourth quarter, will be for only 2 months and is expected to be between 15 and $20 million 
and will incur operating expenses of 15 to 16 million, which includes temporary transition costs resulting in an 
operating loss for NSD of 4 to 6 million. 


Total operating expenses, including the 15 to 16 million for the NSD business, are expected to be 22 to $25 million 
higher than Q3 level. The increase includes incremental selling costs associated with higher revenues, increased R&D 
investment, and higher variable compensation associated with higher operating margins. 

CapEx will be approximately 4 to 5% of fourth quarter revenue as we make investments in Optical Communications, 
Optical Coatings and NSD to meet growing demand. Finally, we expect our quarterly tax provision to range between 2 
and $3 million. 

Taking into consideration the factors above and based on our current visibility, we expect fourth quarter revenues to be 
between 385 million and $410 million and non-GAAP operating margins to be between 7.5 and 10%. 

Operator, we will now take questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator instructions] Please limit yourself to one question only. Your first question comes from the line of Kevin 
Dennean from Citi. Please proceed. 

<Q - Kevin Dennean>: Yes. Good evening. Just wondering if we could hone in on CommTest and Measurement for a 
bit. I understand the seasonal declines the drag – the sequential drag from the budget flush in fourth quarter. On the 
operating margin front it looks to me like you turned about 8% operating margin at revenue levels that are comparable 
to September's. Just wondering if there's any puts or takes in there that you can help us understand why maybe the 
margin performance wasn't a little bit stronger in the quarter. 

<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. I think a couple of items that we noted is 
primarily the ASP pressure that we talked about that we saw in the quarter. So that had an impact. The declines that we 
talked about in the revenue were primarily in North America, which typically has a higher margin mix than what we 
see in the previous quarter. So those are two of the factors. Also as we noted, we've increased our R&D investment in 
the Test and Measurement area. So those are the main drivers behind it. 

<Q - Kevin Dennean>: And then, Dave, just a quick follow-up. Can you talk a little bit about what's driving the ASP 
pressure? What's changed in the marketplace that's creating this higher level of ASP pressures? 

<A - David Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer>: Well one – a couple of things. First of all, with the revenue more 
in the Asia Pacific and European markets as a percentage, and as I'd noted some of those countries that we've 
penetrated in recently, those tend to have lower ASP prices. Secondly, we are seeing a more competitive environment 
for some of these opportunities out there. And so we are seeing some more competitive bidding, quite frankly, on some 
of the opportunities. 

<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, Kevin, I would say probably on the larger 
deals we're starting to see more competitive bidding, especially as the market's starting to rebound. And I think 
everybody is trying to grab some market share during that period of time. 

<Q - Kevin Dennean>: Okay. Great. Thanks very much. 

<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Mark Sue from RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Thank you. In your guidance of 385 to 410, have you factored in some ongoing component side 
tightness and also the regular deals that slip? And just if I look back, I don't think you guys have actually beat your 


revenue guidance in over 2 years. When you give the targets for the next quarter, is that something that we can actually 
start beating or is that like midpoint of the guidance that we should think about? 

<A - David Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer>: So first on the constraints. We've taken all the constraints that 
we're aware of and the lead times and communications we have with our suppliers into consideration when we 
provided the guidance. 

Secondly, we go through the same process every quarter to come up with the range of the guidance. And so the intent is 
always to fall within that guidance range. In the last few quarters I think we were above the midpoint and I think the 
majority of the time at midpoint or above, and this quarter we happened to be below the midpoint. 

And again as we noted, we had about $18 million worth of product that our customers wanted that we were unable to 
get to them during the quarter because of these constraints, which – those constraints had – lead times had increased 
during the quarter from our suppliers. So that was an event that did happen during the quarter and impacted our ability 
to meet customer demand in the quarter. 

<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And I'll also say, Mark, for the especially for 
CommTest with the network operators releasing their budgets towards the middle of the quarter and with component 
lead times going out during the quarter, it made it a real stretch at the end to get the shipments out and to get those 
revenues. So I don't – there still will be material shortages into this quarter. But we have more of a backlog and the 
order release will be earlier from the customers this quarter. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Okay. And just then separately in Test and Measurement, it's usually a very high software content, 
high margin business. And for us to see this pricing pressure, is that just because the growth concentration from a 
regional basis or is it wireline versus wireless? Is it JDSU versus the Agilent component? And can we see that subside 
over the next few quarters? 

<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, I think one of our competitors has announced 
prior to us on this announcement and they talked about the pricing pressures and they had some degradation in their 
gross margins. So we're seeing it in areas such as fiber optics tests in the field. We're seeing it again in some – as I 
mentioned earlier, some of the larger orders that are being let. I suspect there will continue to be pressure out there. But 
as the volumes continue to increase, we would hope that that would subside to some degree. 

<A - Michelle Levine Schwartz, Investor Relations>: Next question, please. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Michael Genovese from Soleil Securities. Please proceed. 

<Q - Michael Genovese>: Great, thanks a lot. Do you have any view into when these supply constraints – it sounds 
like you're seeing multiple supply constraints across multiple business lines – but any sense on when they might let up? 

<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We believe they're going to be with us for a 
couple more quarters. One of the – it's mostly in the, more concentrated in the semiconductor area. We have one 
supplier in the semiconductor area that we buy about 600 different parts from across CommTest and Optical Comms. 
They have improved, I would say over the last 30, 60 days. But we would expect there will be continuing to be 
shortages and it's primarily concentrated in that area. There are other areas of shortages, but that's been the prime one. 
And that's where the lead times have gone out the furthest. 

<Q - Michael Genovese>: Well intuitively to me it would seem like where you were supply constrained and your 
customers' lead times are stretching out, that ASP pressures should actually be lessened in that kind of environment 
with the potential to pick up once you are less supply constrained, if that makes sense. 


So is that something – but it seems like there's ASP pressures, it's pretty good right now, I mean pretty heavy right now. 
So do you think ASPs basically will continue at about the same rate of decline? Do you think that they'll ease or do you 
think that they could potentially get worse once the supply constraint clears up? 

<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think it will help as the mix gets back to a larger 
mix of North American revenue in the quarter we're in and beyond. So I think that, for one, will help as we go forward. 
It is, I think, what your logic behind it is, I think, what we would all think; but it's not exactly what we saw this last 
quarter. So we do hope that normalizes as we go forward. But we are taking the necessary actions to deal with it over 
the next quarters. 

<A - Michelle Levine Schwartz, Investor Relations>: Next question, please. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Greg Mesniaeff from Needham & Company. Please proceed. 

<Q - Greg Mesniaeff>: Yes. Thank you. I was wondering if you can give us some more granularity on the geographic 
mix of the pricing environment. In other words, are you seeing the greatest issues in the U.S. market vis-à-vis Asia? 
And also you mentioned DOCSIS 3.0 is an early-stage opportunity. Is that an area where perhaps you have a more of 
an early mover advantage and the pricing pressures are less severe? 

<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I would say in the DOCSIS, as we mentioned, we 
think by going with the second generation chip we do have an advantage performance-wise over our competitors. So 
we do see less pricing pressure in that area. 

I would say, again, on the pricing pressure; we see it in various geographic regions. It's always typically greater in Asia, 
especially with lower configurations on a lot of the products. We did see it in Europe as well with some of the larger 
orders. But it seems that, to be more following the large orders that a number of competitors are going after. 

<A - Michelle Levine Schwartz, Investor Relations>: Next question, please. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Evenson from Sanford Bernstein. 

<Q - Jeff Evenson>: Thanks. Looking back to your conference call on acquiring the Agilent Network Solutions 
business, I recall hearing a number of 162 million for the full year that ended on October 31, 2009, suggesting about an 
average quarter of 15 to 20 – or of about 40 million. 

Now for the quarter you guided about 15 to 20 million in revenue which would be about half that; and I understand 
how you get there from linearity. But given that I'd expect some growth given the strong environment over last year, 
how come you guys aren't seeing that right now? Or did I do something wrong in the math? 

<A - David Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer>: No, I think – I don't think you did anything wrong in the math. It's 

– you were correct on what they did historically. And as they rollout some of these LTE solutions we hope to see some 
improvement in that run rate. 
But right now based on the forecasts we have on an asset that we just closed, right, our visibility from the most recent 
forecast is as we stated for the two months. And we noted that the third month of their fiscal quarter, July, was typically 
their strongest where we've seen them do as much as 50% of their revenue in the quarter in that month. 

So I just wanted to make that – point out the fact that their strongest month of a quarter is going to be my first month of 
the next fiscal quarter. So they are at that run rate right now. They are doing some LTE activities, as we said. And we 
expect to see that – to get an opportunity to grow that top line with those LTE opportunities. 


<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We also see it complementary with what we're 
doing in the Ethernet backhaul to get really a full end-to-end solution for wireless. So we see a lot of those 
opportunities in front of us. We believe over time we'll be able to grow that revenue. I think this is really the starting 
point as we just bring them inside of our business. 

<Q - Jeff Evenson>: The strength that you saw in 980 pumps suggests that there are a number of long-haul fibers 
being lit. What opportunities does that present for you guys? 

<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think we're just seeing strength and demand 
basically through broadband applications across all the networks. So we're really seeing a strength across all of our, as I 
mentioned, 4 or 5 major product groupings as we go forward. It's really strength across all the product line groups. 

I would say one of the things that is emerging, though, is the higher usage of ROADMs in the cable networks. So we 
are starting to see some real uptick. As we mentioned ROADMs were 25% of our total revenue for the OpComm 
business and we had very strong bookings in that area. So we are seeing that starting to ramp very strongly. 

<A - Michelle Levine Schwartz, Investor Relations>: Next question, please. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Ajit Pai from Thomas Weisel. Please proceed. 

<Q - Ajit Pai>: Yes, good afternoon. 

<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Ajit. 

<Q - Ajit Pai>: Could you give us some color on 40 gig and 100 gig? You talked about we are having industry-leading 
market share in field tests over there, but give us some color as to how material it is right now in field tests. Is it like 
more than 5% of the overall Test and Measurement revenue as yet? Or it's not even close to that? And interest from 
carriers there. Also on the Optical Component side whether 40 gig is what percentage of – 40 gig and higher, what 
percentage of revenues it is. 

<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. For Test and Measurement 40 gig is a good 
performer for us. 100 gig is mostly in the lab environment still. And those are higher unit price and higher margin 
products, but not significant revenue for that business unit at this point. But I'd say 40 gig is a good contributor and 
continues to grow for us in the field applications for Test and Measurement. 

As far as Optical Communications, 40 gig is still a low percentage of our total volumes, but we do see a path for that 
growing and we are seeing more interest in the 100 gig. But that's not really a major driver for revenue that we can see 
in the real near future. 

<Q - Ajit Pai>: And at what point do you expect 40 gig spending for the Test and Measurement side as well as in the 
Optical Communication component side to actually become quite material to levels that are double current levels? Is it 
2 to 4 quarters out? Is it further out than that? 

<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think for CommTest it's probably within that 
range and Optical Comms it's less predictable from our viewpoint. 

<Q - Ajit Pai>: Got it. Thank you. 

<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Welcome. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Todd Koffman from Raymond James. Please proceed. 


<Q - Todd Koffman>: Thank you very much. In the Test and Measurement segment, my recollection was when you 
reported your December quarter results, you called out a book to bill for that segment of greater than 1. I might be 
wrong on that, but that was my recollection. 

And when you look at the material shortage amount of revenue missed, I think you called out 13 million, you're still 
pretty down significantly. And now you're calling out that segment again book to bill greater than 1. So it seems like 
there may be more execution issues going on in that business, relative to the demand you're actually capturing. Can you 
give me any more color on that? 

<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: As I mentioned, I think the March quarter 
particularly was complicated because of the timing. Most of the business comes from network operators. The timing of 
the release of those budgets for the network operators, particularly in North America, mostly got inside of the window 
of some of our longer lead-time products. 

So then it comes down to the accuracy of forecasting down to some of these configuration levels. And I think that's 
where the execution became complex and we did not get the level of revenue or shipments out that we anticipated in 
the March quarter. I see that being a more straightforward situation in the quarter we're in, because the budgets are 
already out and in front of us. And we actually have a larger backlog going into the quarter. 

<Q - Todd Koffman>: But was there orders, bookings you received in the December quarter when you had that Test 
and Measurement book to bill greater than 1 that have been lost in the quarter due to an inability to meet demand? 

<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No. We don't believe – we said in the December 
quarter we felt that we probably lost a couple million dollars worth of orders in that December quarter. We don't 
believe in the March quarter that we've lost any. We don't have visibility to having lost any orders from our customers, 
realizing that most if not all of our competitors have a very similar situation with the components and are having 
similar types of issues. 

<Q - Todd Koffman>: One last unrelated question. You call out these 4 priorities. The fourth one, I think we said was 
accretive acquisitions. And in that sheet you update on your recent acquisitions going back the last 3 years or so, it's 
notable that all of them were in the Test and Measurement area although there was one in Advanced Optical, nothing in 
the Optical Comm area. And I was wondering if you view that area as a core business. 

<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: The Optical Comms business as a core business? 

<Q - Todd Koffman>: Yes. 

<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. Today we have three core businesses as you 
know. So we look at them as all core businesses. I think that market itself has been in a much different situation than 
either the AOT or CommTest market over the last 2 or 3 years, with consolidation and some of the complexities in that 
market. So that's probably the prime reason why we haven't had any acquisitions in that area. 

<Q - Todd Koffman>: Thank you. 

<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Paul Bonenfant from Morgan Keegan. Please proceed. 

<Q - Paul Bonenfant>: Yes. Hi thanks and good afternoon. Just first, a housekeeping question. I may have missed it, 
but did you give the gross margin for the AOT segment? 

<A - David Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer>: Yes. It's 51.5. 

<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: 51.5%. 


<Q - Paul Bonenfant>: 51.5. Thank you. Now coming back to pricing and again if you may have talked about this. We 
talked a lot about ASPs for CommTest. You saw pretty severe pricing pressure, higher than normal in the March 
quarter, 6%. Are you seeing relief in the June quarter? 

<A - David Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer>: The pricing – we noted on our last call that for the – when the 
December quarter ends, we're negotiating a number of contracts with our customers in the Optical Comms area where 
you have the annual, the quarterly and the semi-annual contracts all being negotiated. So we noted that we expected the 
ASP decline in Optics to be greater than the 2 to 4% range. And so we used this opportunity to clarify exactly what that 
was. 

<Q - Paul Bonenfant>: Yes and I appreciate that. I'm just wondering if you're seeing some relief on that pricing in the 
June quarter. If it's coming back to a more normalized range. 

<A - David Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer>: Yes. We expect it to be in the more normalized range, right? 
Because now you've established this new level of pricing, right? So if it's a quarter – if we look at it as a 
quarter-to-quarter sequential impact. So now prices for the annual customers have been set, for the semi-annual 
customers. So we expect to be in that 2 to 4% range again. 

<Q - Paul Bonenfant>: And a quick one on China. There have been some concerns about CapEx declines from 
Chinese carriers, potentially some Chinese vendors seeing softness in demand in 2010 versus year-over-year. It doesn't 
sound like you're experiencing any softness in either your OpComm or your CommTest. Are you expecting any 
downtick in your exposure to China or Chinese vendors as the calendar year progresses? 

<A - Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We're not forecasting that. As you noted, we're 
seeing significant growth in Asia in total. And China has been a real strong point for us, particularly in OpComm, but 
also starting to improve with CommTest. We believe the operators will continue to make strategic investments. And 
that really is where we best line up with those customers in Asia as well. So we have not forecasted to that at this point. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Subu Subrahmanyan from Sanders Morris. Please proceed. 

<Q - Natarajan Subrahmanyan>: Thank you. I had two quick clarifications and then a question. The clarifications 
are first on the 400 million in orders. Did that include NSD or was that JDSU pre-NSD? And Dave, could you provide 
a gross margin guidance number? 

And then the question was around the 11% operating margin you talked about at the 415 million to 425 million range. 
It looks like if you took a full quarter of NSD and added it to at least the higher – towards the higher end of the range; 
you're there kind of already. So can you just talk about the breakup of that? And getting into early 2011, if you'd expect 
to hit that on a sustained basis, given where revenue run rate is right now? 

<A - David Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer>: Okay. First of all, the 400 million was without any NSD because 
that closed in the current fiscal quarter. So it was only bookings related to what I'll call JDSU classic business. 

We do not give gross margin guidance. And as far as the operating model, basically you're right. You could just take 
the model we had before. And I was basically showing that we could just add on to that what the operating model is 
supposed to be for the NSD group. 

And this is about having a sustainable operating margin. It doesn't mean that we couldn't go above that based on mix 
and other opportunities, but the point is is that we can be sustainably there. 

And the goal is to be sustainably there as we finish the calendar year. As I noted what would be happening to the Test 
and Measurement, the challenges Test and Measurement area with NSD would have over the June and September 
quarters in the call. 


<Q - Natarajan Subrahmanyan>: Understood. But on a run rate basis going into 2011, with a full quarter and if you 
took out some of the September effects, that's the run rate basis you're expecting, given where your revenues are. For 
operating margin. 

<A - David Vellequette, Chief Financial Officer>: It's more of a sustainable level and the idea as we give guidance 
on each call of what the current quarter looks like, we'll talk about where we think the operating margin will fall. But 
the real point is, is how we're modeling the company to sustainably be – because the mix will change, right, in any 
quarter – to sustainably be able to do at 11% operating profit at that revenue level. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the question-and-answer portion of the call. I will now turn the call back over to 
Tom Waechter for closing remarks. 

Thomas Waechter, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, operator. As our call concludes I would like to reiterate some key points. First, demand for our products 
across all our business segments are improving with the economic recovery. Very strong bookings of $400 million in 
Q3 were the highest we have seen since fiscal 2008. 

Our CCOP and AOT segments have performed exceptionally well, growing volumes, gross profits and operating 
income. Although we did not achieve the same high level of performance in our Test and Measurement business during 
fiscal Q3, we are confident that the operational performance will rebound by the end of the calendar year, based on 
actions that are already underway and the strong commitment and the dedication of the Test and Measurement team. 

We continue to focus on innovation to achieve long-term, sustainable growth. We are seeing momentum with our 
recent product introductions across all 3 businesses and see new opportunities in markets such as gesture recognition, 
3D and wireless test. 

In closing, I'd like to welcome our new NSD employees. The technology leadership and innovative capabilities they 
bring to JDSU will significantly add to our efforts in providing leading Communications Test and Measurement 
solutions to our customers as well as enhancing our profitable growth initiative. 

Michelle Levine Schwartz, Investor Relations 

Thank you again for joining us today. We appreciate you taking the time and for your interest in JDSU. Have a good 
evening. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the presentation. Thank you for your participation in today's conference. You 
may now disconnect. Have a great day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 


© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


