Q1 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Kathleen Bela, Investor Relations 
• Kevin Johnson, Chief Executive Officer 
• Robyn Denholm, Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Simona Jankowski 
• Nikos Theodosopoulos 
• Ehud Gelblum 
• Tal Liani 
• Sanjiv Wadhwani 
• Jeffrey Kvaal 
• Ittai Kidron 
• Jeffrey Evenson 
• Mark Sue 
• Erik Suppiger 
• Kenneth Muth 
• Mark McKechnie 
• Paul Silverstein 
• Jason Ader 
• Greg Mesniaeff 
• Bill Choi 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Greetings, and welcome to the Juniper Networks' first quarter 20009 earnings results conference call. At this time, all 
participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. 
[Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. 

It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Kathleen Bela, Vice President of Investor Relations for Juniper 
Networks. Thank you, Ms. Bela. You may begin. 

Kathleen Bela, Investor Relations 

Thank you, Manny. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. Here today are Kevin Johnson, Chief 
Executive Officer, and Robyn Denholm, Chief Financial Officer. 

A couple of housekeeping items before we begin. First, there is a slide deck that accompanies today's conference call. 
To access the slides, please go to the IR section of our website at juniper.net. Second, this call will be available to 
download as a podcast. For details, you may also visit the IR section of our website. 


With that, I would like to remind everyone that statements made during this call concerning Juniper's business outlook, 
future financial operating results, and overall future prospects are forward-looking statements that involve a number of 
risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking 
statements as a result of certain factors, including economic conditions generally or in the networking industry, changes 
in overall technology spending, the network capacity requirements of service providers, the timing of orders and 
shipments, manufacturing and supply chain constraints, variation in the mix of products sold, customer perceptions and 
acceptance of our products, litigation, and other factors listed in our most recent report on Form 10-Q filed with the 
SEC. All statements made during this call are made only as of today. Juniper undertakes no obligation to update the 
information in this conference call in the event facts or circumstances change after the date of this call. 

In discussing the financial results today, Robyn will first present results on a GAAP basis and for purposes of today's 
discussion will also review non-GAAP results. For important commentary on why the management team considers 
non-GAAP information a useful view of the company's financial results, please consult our filings with the SEC. For 
the detailed reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP, please see today's press release. In general, non-GAAP 
results exclude certain nonrecurring charges, amortization of purchased intangibles, other acquisition-related charges, 
and expenses related to stock-based compensation. 

In today's call, Robyn will also be providing forward-looking guidance. As a reminder, guidance is provided on a 
non-GAAP basis. All guidance is forward-looking, and actual results may vary for the reasons I noted earlier. A GAAP 
EPS target is not accessible on a forward-looking basis due to the high variability and low visibility with respect to the 
charges which are excluded from the non-GAAP EPS estimates today. Please note that today's call is scheduled to last 
for one hour. And please limit your questions to one per firm. 

With that, I will turn the call over to Kevin. 

Kevin Johnson, Chief Executive Officer 

Well, good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. 

At the financial analysts meeting held in February, we outlined our approach to navigate this global macroeconomic 
downturn. We are balancing the economic realities of the near term with a focus on long-term shareholder value 
creation. Now, although many customers establish budget processes in Q1, and businesses experienced another quarter 
to assess the impact of the recession, visibility still remains low. Therefore, we will be continuing to maintain agility as 
we work through the economic situation quarter by quarter. We are being disciplined on cost reduction while at the 
same time ensuring we fund strategic priorities in R&D and customer service. 

As we have worked to reduce operating expenses in the quarter, you will see that we have managed to flow resources to 
R&D in support of the investments that we believe continue to strengthen our competitive position in the market. We 
also remain committed to preserving a strong balance sheet. 

I'll take a little time to share a brief perspective on current marketplace conditions, our approach to the cost structure, 
and some progress in R&D and partnerships before handing it off to Robyn. 

Clearly, the global macroeconomic challenges impacted our Q1 performance. Consistent with Q4 of 2008, this was a 
very back-end loaded quarter. Many customers worked through much of January finalizing their annual budgets and 
implementing new processes to guide their capital purchase decisions. Based on many discussions I have had with 
customers, they continue to monitor their quarterly financial performance as one factor to guide both their OpEx and 
CapEx expenditures. 

In the Service Provider segment, we continue to see customers assessing their network capacity on a weekly versus a 
quarterly basis. With many budgets in place and management processes for decision making on CapEx and OpEx, the 
environment seems to be more stable than it was in early Q1. From a long-term demand perspective, IP traffic drivers 
continue to increase. More Internet users with increased usage and more bits driven by video reinforces the view of 
several industry analysts and many customers that IP traffic is growing at rates between 40 to 60% in 2009. 


Visibility of customer purchases on the Service Provider side are still very limited; yet in Q1, we saw some of our 
largest Service Provider customers moving ahead with capital expenditures while others seemed more cautious. As a 
result, we did experience a year-over-year decline of 14% in our Service Provider segment, which included declines in 
the Americas and EMEA, while Asia Pacific delivered modest year-over-year growth. 

Enterprise customers also paused a bit going into 2009, as they, too, assessed the impact of the economic recession on 
their businesses and as they reworked their annual budgets. That said, our Enterprise revenue grew by 13% 
year-over-year, supported by an expanded product portfolio and increased contribution from our partners. The 
Americas, EMEA, and Asia Pacific all showed year-over-year growth in the Enterprise. Enterprise customers are 
focused on finding more efficient ways to operate their businesses, and the network infrastructure is a key enabler of 
productivity. 

Our expanded portfolio is enabling us to deliver solutions with lower CapEx requirements through better scale and 
integration and lower OpEx through efficiencies of a single network operating system, JUNOS. In this economic 
period, our lower total cost of ownership value preposition is especially relevant to customer needs. 

Consistent with our operating principles in this macroeconomic downturn, we've been agile in taking costs out of the 
business. As we discussed at the financial analysts meeting, in a scenario where 2009 revenue declines, we will manage 
OpEx to be flat to down year-over-year. 

We are being surgical in our approach. We started our cost reduction actions back in Q4; we implemented a second 
wave of these actions in Q1; and as a result, we reduced non-GAAP operating expenses by 5% quarter-on-quarter. By 
being surgical in our approach, we've been able to reduce OpEx quarter-on-quarter while still funding the R&D agenda 
that we outlined at the financial analysts meeting. R&D OpEx in Q1 was up year-over-year and quarter-on-quarter, and 
we believe these R&D investments are enabling us to strengthen our product portfolio and capture share of a large 
addressable market. Strategically, this approach should serve us well when macroeconomic conditions improve. 

These R&D investments led to a number of exciting new products delivered in the quarter. We further demonstrated 
our industry thought leadership with the announcement of core network virtualization in the TX Matrix Plus. This is 
our next-generation multi-chassis core router platform, which brings a new dimension of flexibility and scalability to 
the network infrastructure. The Intelligent Services Edge, which was announced in Q4 of last year, enables 
programmability on our M and MX series routers. 

In Q1, we announced a new video monitoring and analysis solution called StreamScope. StreamScope was developed 
to run on JUNOS by Triveni Digital, a subsidiary of LG Electronics. The solution enables customers to extend the 
capabilities of the M and MX series routers to ensure quality of video services over cable, wireless and IPTV networks. 

In addition, we shipped the EX 8208 Ethernet switch, and although it's early, the introduction has been well-received. 
We added over 150 new EX customers in the quarter, with over 50% of those customers purchasing a portfolio of 
products from Juniper, including a mix of switches, routers, and security products. Our EX switch portfolio is enabling 
increased functionality and lower overall total cost of ownership. Our next product in the EX family, the EX 8216, is in 
the pipeline and will be released in the next few weeks. 

Juniper also introduced the industry's first open adaptive threat management solution to help customers better prevent 
and respond to security threats and risks. We extended the reach of the SRX family of products with the SRX 3000, 
which delivers high-performance networking and security. This solution reduces power consumption by up to 80% and 
lowers the customer's total cost of ownership by up to 65%. Our investments in R&D are delivering these unique and 
compelling products to the market. 

Now a comment: Partners are also key to our strategy. On the Service Provider side, we strengthened our partnership 
with Nokia Siemens Networks with an announcement in the quarter of work we're doing for a fully interoperable 
Carrier Ethernet solution. We're working together to combine Juniper's strength with the MX-series metro aggregation 
applications, with NSN's, leadership in metro access and network management. Our goal is to enable customers to 
better monetize their networks, while at the same time reducing transport costs. 


Our partnership with IBM also continues to grow. In Q1, IBM announced their cloud computing initiative and data 
center network portfolio, which includes Juniper switching, routing, and security technology. In February, Juniper 
participated in IBM's CIO leadership exchange, held in Shanghai and simultaneously held a joint Cloud Day event at 
IBM's lab in Silicon Valley, where we demonstrated for the first time how workloads can be moved across data centers 
located around the world to better utilize computing resources. IBM and Juniper are now working together to install 
this network capability into IBM's nine worldwide cloud labs for customer engagements. 

On the go-to-market side of the relationship, our sales teams have established a set of shared goals for 2009, and we 
continue to strengthen the field connection. We will continue to focus on expanding the breadth and depth of our 
partnerships as we look to the future. 

In summary, we continue to operate in a challenging economic climate. Q1 was a period where many customers reset 
budgets and worked to assess the impact of the economic recession on their business. With those budgets now in place, 
decision processes implemented, and another quarter where customers had an opportunity to assess the impact of the 
economic recession, I think things are beginning to become more stable. 

Even with that improvement in stability, visibility on revenue streams remains low. From an operating perspective, we 
will continue to drive a disciplined approach to manage our cost structure, while at the same time ensuring that we 
resource strategic areas including our R&D agenda and customer service. 

Let me now hand over to Robyn for a more detailed commentary on the financial results and some guidance for Q2. 
Thank you. 

Robyn Denholm, Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Kevin, and good afternoon, everyone. March was a challenging quarter from a revenue perspective, as some of 
our customers limited investments in new network build-outs and purchases of additional network capacity. This 
primarily affected our U.S. and EMEA Service Provider business. 

On a positive note, we saw growth across all theaters in Enterprise year-over-year as our broader product portfolio 
continues to gain traction. We also saw total product book-to-bill of greater than 1 for the quarter. Despite the shortfall 
in total revenue, our rapid implementation of cost reduction initiatives enabled us to deliver a 16.4% non-GAAP 
operating margin, above our guidance, and non-GAAP EPS at the high end of our original guidance range. Another 
highlight for the quarter was that operating cash flow of approximately $164 million. 

Now on to the numbers. I'm taking a slightly different approach this quarter. I'll address GAAP results first, followed 
by non-GAAP results, including a review of OpEx, a deeper dive on revenue, balance sheet highlights, and I'll close 
with our guidance for the June quarter. 

On a GAAP basis, total revenue for the first quarter was $764 million, down 7% from the prior year and down 17% 
sequentially from the fourth quarter. Juniper reported a $0.01 GAAP loss for the first quarter due to a non-recurring, 
non-cash tax charge of $62 million or $0.12 per diluted share. This charge relates to a change in the California state tax 
law enacted in Q1, which resulted in impairment of certain tax-deferred assets. We also incurred a $4.2 million 
restructuring charge related to a targeted work force reduction, which I'll comment on in a few moments. 

Turning to our non-GAAP results, I'd like to focus my discussion on gross margins and OpEx. Total gross margins for 
the quarter were 65.6% of revenue, within our guidance range of 65 to 67%. Overall the sequential reduction in gross 
margins reflected lower overhead absorption, a higher mix of service versus product revenue, and to a lesser extent 
product and geographic mix. Product gross margins were 67.6% of revenue, down from 69.4% in the fourth quarter, 
reflecting lower overhead absorption and product and geographic mix. Pricing did not have a material impact on 
product gross margins in the quarter. Service gross margins were 58.8% of revenue for the quarter, down 1 percentage 
point from the fourth quarter. This was primarily due to slightly higher service costs in the period. 


During the quarter, we took several actions to reduce our operating expenses, and I'm pleased with the team's 
commitment and discipline in managing expenses thoughtfully during this period of economic uncertainty. Our intent is 
to deliver on the commitment we made at the financial analysts meeting in late February, specifically that in an 
environment where revenue is down year-over-year, we will manage our full-year operating expenses flat to down 
while maintaining our investment in our innovation roadmap. 

As I mentioned earlier, we recorded a restructuring charge of $4.2 million in the first quarter in association with a 
targeted work force reduction of approximately 140 positions, which is roughly half of our planned work force 
reductions in 2009. Consistent with our plans to invest in R&D and customer service, we've added resources in these 
areas and will continue to do so. As a result, at the company level, we saw a net reduction of 39 positions in the quarter. 
As we go forward, we expect to incur additional charges related to the planned head count reductions. These planned 
reductions will provide us the flexibility to ensure that we deliver on our operating expense goals. In addition, we are 
reducing our real estate portfolio and anticipate a restructuring charge of approximately $5 million in the June quarter. 

Non-GAAP operating expenses totaled $376 million or 49.2% of revenue. Overall, relative to the fourth quarter, 
operating expenses decreased $22 million as a result of a reduction in variable compensation expenses, travel 
restrictions, and other discretionary expense controls. These reductions were net of an increase of $10 million in 
employee related benefits expenses, including FICA as is typically seen in the first quarter of the year. We will 
continue to focus on costs and expect to see additional cost reduction activities in the quarters ahead. 

R&D expenses totaled just under $171 million, or 22% of revenue. We increased our investment by 6% year-over-year 
and 2% sequentially. Sales and marketing expenses totaled $171 million or 22.4% of revenue, a $25 million decrease 
sequentially. This decrease was due to reductions in variable compensation, lower travel expenses, and reductions in 
head count. General and administrative expenses totaled $34 million or 4.5% of revenue, roughly flat with the fourth 
quarter. 

Non-GAAP operating profit for the quarter was $125 million, resulting in an operating margin of 16.4% of revenue, 
lower year-over-year and sequentially, but better than we guided in January as a result of our expense reduction 
initiatives. Looking at operating margins for the segments, IPG operating margin was at 19.7%, and SLT operating 
margins were at 6.6% for the quarter. 

Turning to the bottom line, Juniper posted non-GAAP net income of $92 million for the quarter, a decrease of 39% 
from the year-ago results. Non-GAAP net other income and expenses were 2 million for the quarter, down significantly 
year-over-year, due primarily to lower interest rates. The sequential decline reflects both the interest rate environment 
and lower gains in other income. 

The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 27.9%. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.17 in the first 
quarter, down $0.15 compared to the prior quarter and down $0.10 over the prior-year figure of $0.27. 

I'll now turn to a discussion of revenue, which we look at in three dimensions: geographic, business segment, and 
customer set. 

Regionally, revenue declined on both a year-over-year and sequential basis in both the Americas and EMEA. These 
declines were partially offset by growth in APAC on both a year-over-year and sequential basis. This growth was led 
by Japan, which represented 10% of total company revenues in the first quarter. As a result, compared to the fourth 
quarter, the geographic mix of total revenue reflects a 6 percentage point increase in APAC and decreases of 5 points in 
the Americas and 1 point in EMEA. 

On a segment basis, total IPG revenue of $567 million was down 9% on a year-over-year basis, and total SLT revenue 
of $197 million was down sequentially at 2% on a year-over-year basis. IPG revenues include almost $30 million of 
EX switch revenue. Within each of the segments, IPG product revenue was down 14% year-over-year, and IPG 
services revenue was up 21% year-over-year. 

On a year-over-year basis, the IPG product revenue decline was primarily due to the T- and a lesser extent M series 
product families, which was partially offset by increases in EX, MX and E series products. Excluding the EX revenues, 


IPG product revenues declined 20% on a year-over-year basis, reflecting the softness in the Service Provider market. 
On a sequential basis, total IPG revenue was down 19%. 

In SLT, product revenue was down 8% year-over-year, and SLT services revenue was up 14% year-over-year. The 
SLT product revenue decline was attributed to branch firewall, high-end firewall, and WAN products, partially offset 
by growth in the high-end SRX and J series products. On a sequential basis, SLT revenue was down 11%. 

Overall, we're pleased to see the relatively strong contributions of product lines like the EX and SRX, which 
demonstrate that the investments we are making in R&D are generating returns for us in both the Enterprise and 
Service Provider markets. 

Looking more closely at the markets we address, Service Provider sales were 68% of total revenue, down 14% 
year-over-year and down 18% sequentially. As outlined earlier, Service Provider sales were challenging as a result of 
limited investments in new network build-outs and purchases of additional network capacity in the U.S. and in EMEA. 
Total sales into the Enterprise market were 32% of total revenue, an increase of 13% year-over-year, with growth 
across all theaters and strength in the Americas and EMEA. The continued year-over-year growth this quarter in our 
Enterprise business demonstrates that our increased focus of selling more infrastructure into the Enterprise market is 
having an impact. 

As anticipated, Enterprise sales were down 16% sequentially, with the largest reductions in the Americas and EMEA. 
Verizon was our only customer at 10% of revenue for the quarter. 

Looking at the balance sheet at March 31, we ended the quarter with over 2.3 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and 
short- and long-term investments. This figure was up 14 million from the prior quarter. We generated cash flow from 
operations in the quarter of approximately $164 million, down from the 215 million in the fourth quarter. 

During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 7.5 million shares at an average price of $16.01 per share, or 
approximately $120 million worth. Our weighted average shares outstanding for the quarter were approximately 531 
million shares on a diluted non-GAAP basis. CapEx for the quarter totaled $34 million, and depreciation and 
amortization was 38 million. DSOs increased to 43 days from 42 reported in the fourth quarter but were within our 
range of 35 to 45 days. 

The third revenue increased to $612 million, up from the 590 million reported at the end of the fourth quarter. 
Sequentially product deferred revenue was down 7% or approximately 12 million, and services deferred revenue 
increased by 8% or approximately 34 million. Year-over-year our deferred revenue balance increased by $46 million or 
8%. At March 31, 2009, Juniper had 6,975 employees, a net decrease of 39 from the prior quarter, as I explained a 
moment ago. 

Now, let's turn to our guidance. As a reminder, guidance is provided on a non-GAAP basis except for revenue and 
share count. For Q2, we are planning for and expect revenue to be roughly flat with Q1. However, given the visibility 
remains low, we could see revenue range from 740 to $780 million. 

Kevin noted that we are beginning to see some signs of increased stability from our customers. However, current 
conditions remain challenging. Therefore, we will continue to manage OpEx on a quarter-by-quarter basis. Gross 
margins for Q2 are expected to be flat with the March quarter. Our range of 65 to 67% of revenue is unchanged. 

With our continued focus on operating expenses, assuming flat revenue, total OpEx for the quarter will be slightly 
lower, with some increase in R&D and customer service. Again, assuming flat revenue, we would expect Q2 to have 
slightly higher operating margins compared to Q1. With a revenue range of between 740 and 780 million, we expect 
Q2 non-GAAP EPS to range between 0.16 to $0.18. This is assuming a tax rate of 28% and a share count of 
approximately 533 million shares. 

In summary, we will continue to manage our cost structure thoughtfully, while ensuring we are investing adequately in 
our new product initiatives to prepare for a resumption of growth. 


Kathleen Bela, Investor Relations 

Manny, can you go ahead and open up the call for the Q&A session? 

Q&A 

Operator 

Certainly. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now be conducting a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] 
Our first question is from a line of Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Simona Jankowski>: Yes, hi. Thank you very much. You mentioned a couple of times that you have seen some 
signs of stabilization even though visibility remains pretty limited. Can you just give us a little more color on where the 
signs of stabilization are coming from? And also conversely, which are the areas where you're still not seeing any such 
signs? 

<A - Kevin Johnson>: Yeah, thanks for your question, Simona. I think as compared to Q1, many customers, both on 
the Service Provider side and on the Enterprise side, that invested a lot of time in January just redoing budgets, 
revisiting their budgets and being thoughtful about how they're going to approach this new calendar year. And now that 
those budgets have been put in place and the new management processes that they're using to either assess the 
economic impact on their business or look at network traffic patterns, those are the things I think that have stabilized. 
So where maybe there was a lot more confusion or question marks in early Q1, at least now there's some business 
processes and some thinking on the customer side around budgets and how they're playing in this economic 
environment, and that's what's led to the stability. So I think – or led to improved stability. And I think that improved 
stability is a positive sign, yet visibility on revenue still remains low. And we'll have to see how things unfold in the 
quarter. 

<Q - Simona Jankowski>: So just to make sure I understand the comments correctly, it sounded like that improved 
stability is mostly on the Service Provider side. Is that correct? 

<A - Kevin Johnson>: Yeah. That's probably accurate. It's a little bit on Enterprise too, but it's primarily a set of 
observations on the Service Provider side. 

<Q - Simona Jankowski>: And that's why the quarter was back-end loaded, or was that more just the normal 
seasonality of the March quarter? 

<A - Kevin Johnson>: Well, I think that consistent with what we've seen in the last two quarters, Q4 of '08 and Q1 of 
'09, customers are watching their financial results and using that as at least one factor to make decisions based on 
CapEx. And I think that's part of the reason we've seen now the last two quarters be fairly back-end loaded. 

<Q - Simona Jankowski>: Got it. Thanks very much. 

<A - Kevin Johnson>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Nikos Theodosopoulos with UBS. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Nikos Theodosopoulos>: Yes, thank you. I guess I had two quick questions. One, you mentioned on the 
Enterprise year-over-year growth, part of it was due to partner performance. Can you give some update on some of the 
metrics there? How is the flow of business going through IBM? Is that something that's hitting the quotas that you've 
identified? And on the carrier side, I know at the end of the fourth quarter, you had mentioned that customers were 
giving you bookings for shipments later than – more further out, so kind of like 2Q, 3Q. Are these carriers that gave 
you those bookings that were kind of six, nine months out asking you to keep those dates, or are they asking you to 


keep pushing them out? Thank you. 

<A - Kevin Johnson>: Thanks, Nikos. I'll take the first question, and I'll hand over to Robyn for the second one. On 
your question about partners, I mentioned that partnerships are key to our strategy. I characterize us as a pure play in 
high-performance networking that embraces partnerships, and certainly we have a lot of partners. I talked a little bit 
about Nokia Siemens Networks and IBM, and those partnerships continue to evolve. But we have a broad set of 
partners as well. And a key data point we look at – in this quarter, for example, we added over 800 net new partners 
into our channel, and we continue to grow the channel and the capabilities in the broad base of partnerships while we 
continue to deepen the partnerships with larger partners such as IBM and NSN. And so there's just a couple of data 
elements there. I'll hand over to Robyn on the questions about bookings. 

<A - Robyn Denholm>: Yes, Nikos, in terms of the bookings that we saw at the end of Q1 that were requested outside 
of – sorry, at the end of Q4 that were requested outside of the next quarter, they are scheduled in the Q2 timeframe and 
Q3, and they're actually still there. In terms of what we saw at the end of the Q1 period of time, we also saw some that 
were requested outside of the Q2 timeframe, not dissimilar to the pattern that we saw at the end of Q4. 

<Q - Nikos Theodosopoulos>: Okay. So just to be clear, the bookings that were scheduled to ship in 2Q that you got at 
the end of the fourth quarter, you haven't seen push-outs on those? Carriers are wanting to see those products shipped? 

<A - Robyn Denholm>: Yeah, that's correct. 

<Q - Nikos Theodosopoulos>: All right. Great. Thank you. 

<A - Kevin Johnson>: Thanks, Nikos. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ehud Gelblum with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Ehud Gelblum>: Hi, thank you. I'll ask a couple quick questions. Robyn, you'd mentioned that there were 140 
head count reductions this quarter, and then you said the head count, I believe, fell by 39. Does that mean that there – 
on a net basis you've hired 101? Just don't – maybe I got those numbers wrong, but just wanted to understand how that 
works. And then you said that's half of the reductions that you're planning for the year. Does that mean that there are 
another 140 million that you have planned – million, I'm sorry, 140 people that you have planned? And does that go 
into effect in Q2, or do you hold onto those to kind of see how the year plays out and possibly do that in Q3 or Q4? 
And then a quick follow-up on the OpEx this quarter. 

<A - Robyn Denholm>: Okay. Yes, thanks, Ehud. In terms of the 140 positions that we actually reduced in Q1, you 
were right. 140 was the gross number of reductions. We did add back in the two key areas of R&D and customer 
service approximately 100 heads for a net of 39. So that – you've got that math right. And, yes, I did say that we were 
halfway through our planned reductions for the year, and those will happen over the balance of the year. We're being 
very surgical in terms of where we look at opportunities for reductions in terms of, what, productivity and those sorts of 
things, but they are scheduled for the rest of the year. 

<Q - Ehud Gelblum>: Okay. But are they scheduled already, or are they – you have them and you know, and you'll 
use them when and if you need them? 

<A - Robyn Denholm>: Yeah, we have plans so that we, as I said before, it gives us the added flexibility to meet our 
commitment in terms of OpEx being flat to down if revenue is down for the full fiscal year. 

<Q - Ehud Gelblum>: Okay. And then finally, your original guidance for Q1 talked about the 10 million extra payroll 
taxes you'd have to pay, so it came out somewhere around 408. Your actual OpEx in your guidance now was about $30 
million lower in round numbers, 30, $32 million. How much of that $30 million less in OpEx that you actually did in 
Q1 versus what you thought you were going to do when you were going to do north of 800 in revenue, how much of 
that 30 million less in OpEx came from the lower revenue, just directly from lower commissions, lower bonus accruals, 


and things like that, and how much of it came from direct cost reductions? 

<A - Robyn Denholm>: So in terms of that question, Ehud, you're right, we actually – our gross amount of expenses 
that were reduced in the quarter were around $30 million because we did see the increase of 10 in terms of the 
employee benefits around FICA, et cetera. And so our factors as we called them out, variable comp, both commission 
and bonus, were a factor. That's how we designed the bonus program in terms of aligning with shareholder value. And 
if we don't grow revenue, that actually – that portion of the bonus doesn't pay out. 

So there was a component of commission and there was a component of variable comparable bonus. There were also 
head count reductions and a lot of discretionary expenses, like travel. I call them discretionary, but travel is down 
quarter-over-quarter, and other factors as well. The broad population base across Juniper has been very proactive in 
cutting costs across the board. So I'm very pleased with the results for the quarter. 

<Q - Ehud Gelblum>: But can you quantify how much of the 30 million came from the – automatically from the drop 
in revenue? I guess it would be the variable comp and the bonus? 

<A - Robyn Denholm>: So it's fine to say that the way in which I called them out in the script is the order of 
magnitude. 

<Q - Ehud Gelblum>: Okay, appreciate it. 

<A - Kevin Johnson>: Thanks, Ehud. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tal Liani with Banc of America. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Tal Liani>: Hi, thank you. Question about service revenues. They were relatively flattish on a sequential basis 
versus declines in product revenues. Can you discuss about the correlation between the two trends? Thanks. 

<A - Robyn Denholm>: So services revenues, as you know, Tal, are actually ratably recognized over the life of the 
contract. So you wouldn't expect a quarter-to-quarter variation because just like you saw in the deferred revenue for this 
quarter, anytime you book a services contract, the booking is for the life of the contract, so it could be 12 months, it 
could be three or five years. And then you bring them to account in the revenue ratably over that term. So you wouldn't 
expect a large variation quarter-to-quarter. 

<Q - Tal Liani>: Now, if I connect the dots between a few comments you said on the conference call, you said that the 
environment now is more stable than before. Also, you said that the year started very low and orders ramped 
throughout the year, which we don't have it now. We don't have the beginning of the year phenomena. Why are you 
cautious with your guidance that much in the sense that why are you guiding for flat if April is substantially better than 
January? 

<A - Kevin Johnson>: Well, even with the improved stability that we're seeing now versus early in Q1, visibility 
remains low. So you've inferred something that we didn't say, but the fact is visibility continues to remain low. And I 
think as we see how this quarter plays out, we'll see if that improved stability leads to revenue upticks. 

<Q - Tal Liani>: Great, thank you. 

<A - Kevin Johnson>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sanjiv Wadhwani with Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead. 


<Q - Sanjiv Wadhwani>: Thank you. Just a couple of quick questions. Wanted to follow up on an earlier question, 
Kevin, about IBM. Just curious to see if the partnership is sort of hitting the targets you outlined. Any color there would 
be helpful. And then on the head count reduction, can you sort of tell us by area if it was majority in the sales side or 
the G&A side? Any color there would be helpful also. Thanks. 

<A - Kevin Johnson>: Thanks for your question. The first comment I would make is IBM is not only a very, very 
important partner for us, they're a very good partner. And we look at this as a long-term relationship, and each quarter 
we continue to build on that relationship. And in this last quarter with the cloud computing initiative, the event that we 
held at the San Jose lab, the work that we're doing with them in sinking quotas in the field and sales targets in the field, 
all of those things are very, very positive. And so I have a very positive perspective on not only the partnership with 
IBM, but long-term the importance of that for Juniper Networks. 

Second part of the question, do you want to handle that, Robyn? 

<A - Robyn Denholm>: Yes. Sanjiv, on the head count, the head count reductions, we're pretty broad in terms of how 
it impacted quite a number of the groups across the company. Very surgical in terms of how we went about those. What 
I would say is that net reductions – because the only place that we added head count back was in R&D or customer 
service. So it's fair to say that the reductions were primarily in the sales, marketing, and G&A areas. 

<Q - Sanjiv Wadhwani>: Got it. Thanks so much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Kvaal with Barclays. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Jeffrey Kvaal>: Yes. Thanks very much. Kevin, I was wondering, or Robyn, perhaps, services backlog seems to 
be up so I would manage that we would suspect to see the revenue up over the next couple quarters. And then 
commensurately, would that suggest that the product revenue might be flattish or down over the next quarter? Is that 
the way we should think of it? 

<A - Robyn Denholm>: So Jeff, in terms of the services revenue, we had a good bookings quarter. You can see that 
come through in terms of the deferred revenue. It's ratable recognition, so I wouldn't expect a significant spike up. It 
does trend up over time, so I think that's how I would look at it. 

<Q - Jeffrey Kvaal>: Okay. So then how would we then translate that into thinking about your gross margin trajectory 
over the next quarter or next couple quarters? 

<A - Robyn Denholm>: Yeah, so in terms of our guidance in terms of gross margin, what we talked about was it being 
flat with the March quarter given a services and product split that's roughly flat. So – and the total range that we're 
talking about is unchanged from last quarter, which is 65 to 67% of revenue. 

<Q - Jeffrey Kvaal>: Do you think it's – we're approaching a spot where the product revenues will start to drift up 
again as a percentage of the mix? 

<A - Robyn Denholm>: So product gross margins are definitely affected by product mix and geographic mix. They're 
also – in the first quarter were impacted negatively by the overhead absorption due to the lower volume. So obviously, 
if volume picks up, that goes away as well. So any of those three factors could swing it slightly more positively than 
this quarter. 

<Q - Jeffrey Kvaal>: Okay. But it's too soon to say if that's happening or not? 

<A - Kevin Johnson>: Yeah. Visibility remains low and, that's why we've guided flat revenue for the quarter, 740 
million to 780 million. 

<Q - Jeffrey Kvaal>: Okay. Thank you both very much. 


<A - Kevin Johnson>: Thank you. 

<A - Robyn Denholm>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ittai Kidron with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Ittai Kidron>: Thank you. Robyn, had a couple questions for you. First following up on Jeff's question on the 
gross margin on the products side. You've managed up until these last couple of quarters to keep your gross margins 
pretty consistently above 70%, even on much lower revenues than you have right now. So can you be a little bit more 
specific on sort of what is the overhead absorption that you have, how quickly can you get rid of it, if the revenue levels 
don't grow from here? How can you get product gross margin back to 70%? And then I have a follow-up on that. 

<A - Robyn Denholm>: Yeah, so in terms of the Q1, given that we missed the revenue guidance that we gave, there 
was definitely some overhead absorption that resulted from that. So the manufacturing guys are very good, they've been 
delivering cost savings, et cetera, quarter-over-quarter, so they will work through that absorption as well. So I think 
that's one factor. The other thing that we talked about was that mix is a significant factor on gross margin in any 
quarter. So that is another thing that I'd look through. 

<Q - Ittai Kidron>: Okay. And following up on the deferred revenue, had a nice growth there. How much of that was 
true growth in deferred versus projects have been delayed and things have been pushed out and because of the balances 
have been increasing? 

<A - Robyn Denholm>: No, the deferred revenue, as I said in the script, most of it was due to services, bookings of 
deferred revenue in the quarter. We had a good bookings quarter for services contracts. And therefore, that's ratable 
recognition as we move forward. As I mentioned before, the total deferred revenue was up, and services was the main 
contributing factor. 

<Q - Ittai Kidron>: Very good. Good luck. 

<A - Robyn Denholm>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Kevin Johnson>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Paul Silverstein with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 

<A - Kathleen Bela>: Paul, are you there? Okay, operator, let's go to the next question, and then we'll circle back with 
Paul. 

Operator 

Certainly. Our next question is from the line of Jeff Evenson with Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Jeffrey Evenson>: I was wondering if you could give us a bit more details on how you're changing your real 
estate portfolio and the $5 million charge that you expect in the second quarter? 

<A - Robyn Denholm>: Yes, Jeff I can do that. So we, obviously, lease property around the world, and what we've 
done is we've gone through that property portfolio, and we're going to abandon or trim down that portfolio over the 
next period of time. There's a piece of it in the U.S. and a piece of it outside the U.S. So that's what we're doing. And 
we've actually – it's not a future tense, we've actually already identified the properties and we're implementing it as we 
speak so that in Q2 we'll take that charge. 


<Q - Jeffrey Evenson>: And when would the cost savings start to impact your income statement? 

<A - Robyn Denholm>: They will immediately after we've restructured. 

<Q - Jeffrey Evenson>: Thanks. 

<A - Kevin Johnson>: Yeah, I'll just add to that, Jeff. This is one of the approaches that we've taken to help restructure 
the cost base, especially in the field where we can have our salespeople that, instead of having a full office, we have a 
hoteling concept, it's just a lot more efficient. And so this charge is something that helps us get that efficiency and then 
maintain that efficiency in the cost base. 

<Q - Jeffrey Evenson>: Great. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mark Sue with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Thank you. Kevin, the sequence of a recovery is stabilization followed by growth. Does that mean 
you're collecting tangible proof points that 740 million is the bottom, and should we see ongoing sequential revenue 
growth for the balance of the year? And, Robyn, likewise, since things are stabilizing, does it mean you can plan better 
and get operating margins back to 25%? 

<A - Kevin Johnson>: Yeah, thanks for the question, Mark. I think the comments I made about observing improved 
stability in the budgeting and the decision processes that customers are using on capital and operating expenses is a 
positive sign, but yet it's not the complete set of things that need to give confidence that we're back in a growth mode. 
And that's – the limited visibility that we have is just reinforcing that fact. 

I think as we see Q2 unfold, number one, we grew in Q1 in the Enterprise and so I think we're on a growth trajectory 
there. Much of that is driven by taking market share, and we've introduced the EX 8208, we've got the EX 8216 in the 
pipeline right around the corner. We're expanding the partner base; we're going after that opportunity, and so I see that 
as a growth driver. So the real question becomes on the Service Provider product side. How does that unfold over the 
next quarter or two? And so I think we'll have to watch that through Q2 and see how that does. 

<A - Robyn Denholm>: And Mark, in terms of the planning better, I think from a company perspective, we've been at 
the whole planning process improvement, operational efficiencies, all of that type of activity, for quite some time now. 
I think the fact that we were able to react as quickly as we have over the last two quarters to the current environment is 
testament to that. And I think that, as I said in the script, that visibility is still low from a revenue perspective. So we are 
absolutely focused on costs. And I think that will do us really well as the market recovers and the macroeconomic 
environment changes. In terms of the 25%, we are absolutely committed to our long-term business model, 20%-plus 
growth and 25%-plus operating margin. We just have to get through this economic period. 

<Q - Mark Sue>: Got it. That's helpful. Thank you and good luck. 

<A - Kevin Johnson>: Thanks, Mark. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Erik Suppiger with Signal Hill. Please go ahead. 

<A - Kathleen Bela>: Erik, are you there? 

<Q - Erik Suppiger>: Oh, my question's been asked. Thank you. 

<A - Kathleen Bela>: Thank you. Next question, please. 


Operator 

The next question comes from the line of Ken Muth with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Kenneth Muth>: Hi, thanks. On the Service Provider segment, can you give us any insights of where you saw a 
little more slowdown, perhaps? Was it more on the core routers or was it more on the edge, and what would you say is 
kind of changing carriers' attitudes about those two segments? 

<A - Kevin Johnson>: Well, thanks for the question, Ken. A couple of comments, that when you look at network 
utilization, typically there's less excess capacity in the core. The core is just – if it's not distributed, it's more 
centralized. It's a more manageable resource and tends to run at a more consistent utilization that service providers have 
visibility to. Therefore, the question is how hot are the edge routers running in these networks. And so I think 
consistent with that in the quarter, we saw more variability on the edge side than we did in the core, yet it also varies by 
customer and by geography. Asia-Pacific grew in the Service Provider segment, where U.S. service providers and 
EMEA was weak. So that – I don't know, that gives you a little bit of flavor of where the opportunities may be. 

<Q - Kenneth Muth>: And last question, when you look to invest and about the future, and you mentioned your 
partnership with Nokia Siemens Networks, I mean, how do you look at the kind of opportunities in global wireless 
when you look at the 3G networks and all the data and video going there and then approaching the 4G, and how is 
Juniper positioned for that? 

<A - Kevin Johnson>: Well, I think clearly it's reflective of the fact that more and more traffic is moving to IP packet 
switch networking, which plays to our strengths. And the partnerships that we have with our customers continue to 
expand, and so I would expect that they continue to expand in new areas, in new services, that are relevant and 
important to our customers. 

<Q - Kenneth Muth>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark McKechnie with Broadpoint. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Mark McKechnie>: Yes, and thanks for taking the question, and good management on the OpEx control. Hey, 
wanted to dig in on this visibility question a little bit more. Back in February you had talked about a weaker visibility. 
Am I right, is that visibility unchanged, or has it actually gotten a little bit better, or are you seeing more on the forecast 
side? And then kind of associated with that, your second quarter plan, I wanted to get a sense if that guidance range is – 
how the linearity of that compares. You might have said it already, but I might have – I missed it – but how back-end 
loaded or how linear do you see your second quarter plan on a monthly basis? Thanks. 

<A - Kevin Johnson>: Thanks for the question, Mark. I think the comments we made about limited visibility in Q1, I 
think those – even with improved stability, as I mentioned, we still have limited visibility into what will unfold in Q2. I 
think the fact that customers – they're a little bit more stable in their budgeting and their decision making given the fact 
that they've put these budgets in place and their management processes in place, they've had another quarter of 
economic recession to evaluate the implications on their business – that's an encouraging sign, yet that doesn't 
necessarily translate to us having improved visibility. 

The thing that will give me more confidence that visibility has improved is actual results at the end of this quarter. That 
will confirm, did we have better line of sight to what we've got in our forecast or not. And so it's premature for me to 
declare that we've seen any change in visibility at this point in time. I'm a guy that wants to look at the facts after 
they've happened and then go back and say, Okay, that does confirm that visibility is improving. So I guess that's a 
little bit of my thinking and a little perspective on that. 

The second part of your question was do we anticipate that we'll see some consistent, or consistency of what we've seen 
in the last two quarters where there's a portion of revenue that seems very back-end loaded. I don't have anything to tell 


me that this quarter is going to be significantly different, yet the improved stability probably does help earlier in the 
quarter, but I still think there's going to be an element of back-end loading in the quarter. 

<Q - Mark McKechnie>: Got you. I mean on that line, I mean, as you're almost done with April, the month of April, 
is that better than February or March? Anything you can tell us about the monthly performance would be helpful, and 
where you stand now. And I guess you're probably seeing, what, halfway into May by now, yeah? 

<A - Kevin Johnson>: Well, we've given our guidance for the quarter, and I think the flat with some downside and 
some upside, the 740 million to 780 million, is probably the best that we're giving. And trying to offer monthly 
guidance or monthly suggestions is just probably not a helpful thing. But I think the key points we've made is that there 
are some signs of improvement in stability, that's a positive thing, yet visibility remains limited. And we're going to 
continue to drive very hard with a strong product portfolio, and what I think is a good value proposition in the 
marketplace while we continue to reduce our operating expenses. And we think that that's the right formula as we work 
through the economic downturn. 

<Q - Mark McKechnie>: Thanks for the question. 

<A - Kevin Johnson>: Yep. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Silverstein with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
<Q - Paul Silverstein>: Robyn and Kevin, can you hear me? 
<A - Robyn Denholm>: Yes, Paul. 
<Q - Paul Silverstein>: Two questions if I might. First off, can you talk about if revenues come up short, 


notwithstanding what you're currently projecting, in terms of your variable composition <
A - Robyn Denholm>: Paul, we've lost you. 
<Q - Paul Silverstein>: Robyn, can you hear me? 
<A - Robyn Denholm>: Now we can. 
<Q - Paul Silverstein>: My apologies. On the variable compensation piece, if revenues come up short, 


notwithstanding what you're currently looking at <
A - Robyn Denholm>: Okay. We've lost you again. You want to try getting a better connection and – ? 
<Q - Paul Silverstein>: Robyn, can you hear me? 
<A - Robyn Denholm>: Now we can. 
<Q - Paul Silverstein>: One more time, my apologies. 
<A - Robyn Denholm>: So we got the revenue ... variable ... something. 
<Q - Paul Silverstein>: Right. So if revenues come up short, similar to what happened this quarter, notwithstanding 


what you're currently looking at, would the variable compensation piece kick in again? How much does that track 


revenues on an ongoing basis? 
<A - Robyn Denholm>: Yeah, so in terms of the variable compensation, there are two parts. Obviously sales 
commissions are variable, right, with revenue. If they're making their quotas or they're selling stuff, they get a 
commission. In terms of the bonus, we did talk about at FAN, our financial analysts day, that 35% of the bonus is tied 
to revenue growth, and that's revenue growth year-over-year. And so that's why we saw an improvement in OpEx this 
quarter, because we didn't see year-over-year revenue growth. 


<Q - Paul Silverstein>: Well, so I guess that's my question, Robyn. I guess I'm trying to understand if this quarter, if in 
the second quarter revenues were to go down on a year-over-year basis, or were to be down from the first quarter, 
would the OpEx piece that's tracking, the bonus piece of the variable comp, would that go – if you're flat, does that go 
up? If you're flat on a sequential basis, does that go up? 

<A - Kevin Johnson>: No, the bonus piece is based on annual year-over-year growth. 

<Q - Paul Silverstein>: Okay. 

<A - Kevin Johnson>: So you have to get to a year-over-year growth scenario. 

<A - Robyn Denholm>: Yeah. 

<Q - Paul Silverstein>: All right. And that's on a quarter-over-quarter basis throughout the year. 

<A - Kevin Johnson>: Annual, year-over-year. 

<A - Robyn Denholm>: Year-over-year. 

<Q - Paul Silverstein>: All right. Secondly, Japan, I know you haven't broken it out in a long time, but can you give us 
some sense – you said Japan was over 10%, I'm trusting Q2 was a good part of that. Can you give us some sense for 
what the sequential increase was? 

<A - Robyn Denholm>: So Japan increased as a result of – there were a number of factors in Japan that are actually 
growing. But we are continuing with a large service provider build-out in Japan, actually. And that's been going on for 
several quarters there. The rest of the business in Japan is doing well as well. 

<Q - Paul Silverstein>: Kevin, any visibility as to how much further that build-out has to go? 

<A - Robyn Denholm>: So again, going back to Kevin's comment earlier, visibility is low. It's not different by 
geography. 

<Q - Paul Silverstein>: Okay. I was asking with respect to that specific build, but 


<A - Kevin Johnson>: Yeah, I think there's many opportunities for us, not only in Japan, but throughout Asia Pacific. 
And I think the – commenting on a specific customer project is probably not helpful, but you look at the broad 
marketplace opportunities, there's many customers for us in Japan to continue to expand and grow into. And I think the 
team in Asia Pacific is demonstrating our ability to grow, even – it the was one region that I think did very well on the 
Service Provider side and the Enterprise side, even in this last tough economic period. 

<A - Robyn Denholm>: Yeah, and we called out Japan because they were at 10% of total revenue this quarter. But we 
did have growth in other parts of APAC as well. China was good growth, and so was ASEAN, all led by Singapore. 

<Q - Paul Silverstein>: Okay. One last question if I might, on pricing, Robyn, you called it out it last quarter. You said 
it wasn't material this quarter. I think last quarter you attributed it to breaking into the Enterprise, as well as to trying to 
offset or offsetting the depreciation of the dollar in certain foreign locations, vis-à-vis LEU and other local players. Has 
that just stopped, there's no need to do that anymore, or can you give us insight what's going on there? 

<A - Robyn Denholm>: Yeah, so last quarter we did call out FX change, dramatic FX change between the beginning 
and the end of the quarter basically, and that did cause us to discount in a couple of regions. So we obviously do 
competitive promotions and things like that. That was also a factor last quarter, as you just alluded to. And we'll 
continue to do that on a case-by-case basis, but it wasn't a significant factor in the quarter for the gross margin. 

<Q - Paul Silverstein>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Kathleen Bela>: Next question, please. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Lovert with Brean Murray. Please go ahead. 

<Q>: Good afternoon. On the EX switch line, can you tell us how much revenue came from the 8208 in the quarter? 
And should we expect to see a similar impact with the 8216? And then I was curious if you have a share target and 
timeline for the Ethernet switching market that you could share with us? 

<A - Kevin Johnson>: Thanks for the question, Jeff. We – on the – we're pleased with our continued progress on the 
EX switch lineup. The EX 8208 was a significant step forward with a higher-end switch, and so I think that's what 
generated a lot of the early interest and adoption in that particular product set. We don't have specific breakouts of 
individual products, and so I can't comment on what percent was the EX 8208, but we now have with the EX 3200, the 
4200, the 8208, we have the 8216 coming in the pipeline, coming around the corner, we've got the new 10 gig 
top-of-rack switch. 

And I think what's important is this concept of the portfolio play. It's not just about the switch lineup. The fact that over 
50% of our customers who bought an EX switch are buying a portfolio of products and solutions from Juniper, 
including switching, routing, and security. And I think a more relevant thing to look is are we growing the enterprise, 
and how do we continue to drive on a path in strengthening the product portfolio and value proposition while at the 
same time expanding partnerships? And I think from my perspective, there's evidence that Q1 we did expand 
partnerships and we also continue to expand and strengthen the product portfolio. 

<Q>: And just to follow up there, with the EX switch line and the broader Enterprise product portfolio, where do you 
see yourself taking the greatest amount of share? Is it from smaller point product companies, or are you seeing the 
relationship with IBM and others pull you into companies that are enabling you to win business versus Cisco, HP 
ProCurve and other larger platforms plays? 

<A - Kevin Johnson>: Well, I think from a value proposition standpoint there's probably three factors that resonate 
very well with customers. Certainly number one is total cost of ownership. And there was a recent Forrester study that 
was done on total cost of ownership that showed that using JUNOS and the Juniper Networks family of products, we 
can deliver a significant, 40%-plus lower total cost of ownership to our customers. That resonates very well, and that's 
across routing, switching, and security. 

The second element is the fact that the solutions we have address high-performance networking needs: scale, security, 
the performance reliability needs, and we're in a unique position delivering that into the enterprise. And many of these 
large enterprise customers, whether it's in financial services or government, they have many of the same networking 
needs and requirements as large service providers. And so that's number two, an area that we're differentiated and we've 
got a value proposition. 

And the third element of our value proposition is choice and flexibility. The fact that we can interoperate with existing 
networks and we can help put the customer in control of their IT agenda and what they're trying to do and give them 
additional choice, not only in the network platform, but in the partners that we have that have applications that run on 
top of that network platform. So that combination of lower total cost of ownership, demonstrable high-performance 
networking value, and enabling choice and flexibility really is what's creating the pull for our product set to succeed in 
the marketplace. 

Now, taking that value proposition and working closely with partners to help fulfill – to continue to generate demand 
and fulfill that demand, over time is what will help boot-strap and help us really break through in a bigger way in the 
enterprise, and that's where we're focused. 

<Q>: So building on that, it took you about three years to gain 5% share in the enterprise routing market. Do you think 
you can match that performance in Ethernet switching? 

<A - Kevin Johnson>: I don't know. I don't know. I think – clearly we have big aspirations to be a significant player in 
the enterprise. I don't know how long it's going to take us to get there, but I do believe we're doing the right things, as 


evidenced by the progress we're making. 

<Q>: Thank you. 

<A - Kevin Johnson>: Thanks for the question, Jeff. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Jason Ader with William Blair & Company. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Jason Ader>: Yes, thanks for taking my questions. Kevin, I know we've been beating the dead horse of the 
stability versus the visibility. But one of the questions that I had for you is just when you talk about stability, are you 
including in that the conversations that you're having with the service provider customers right now? There is, I guess, 
a deeper level of engagement today than there was early in the year when it was kind of like "call me in six weeks"? Or 
can you give us some color on the conversations you're having and the engagement levels? Is that contributing to your 
comments on stability, which obviously doesn't necessarily mean they're going to place the order, but it certainly means 
that low-level engagement is higher. 

<A - Kevin Johnson>: Yeah, thanks for the question, Jason. I think, from my interaction with customers or 
interactions in early January, or in January, a lot of what I was getting feedback from them is, hey, we're in a process of 
formulating budgets and figuring out the management process of how we're monitoring network traffic and how we're 
going to prioritize capital expenditures and look at OpEx. And so, we have a deep engagement with customers and 
have had a deep engagement with customers throughout this entire period. So it's not about the level of engagement, it's 
more about the signals of how they're focusing, and how – do they have their budgets in place, their business processes 
in place, the priorities for decision making? 

And so my comments about stability really relate to that, the fact that there was a lot of questions and business 
processes and budgeting activity taking place early in Q1, and today I think they're beyond that. They're executing on 
the decisions they've made and the budgets they've put in place, and so that starts to change the dynamic a bit. 

<Q - Jason Ader>: Okay. Great. And then just one for Robyn, quickly. On the cash flow, you have something called 
"net proceeds from distributor financing arrangement." What exactly is that? 

<A - Robyn Denholm>: So we have had a distributor financing program through one of our partners for quite some 
time, and so that's what that item is. 

<Q - Jason Ader>: Could you tell us who that is? 

<A - Robyn Denholm>: Well, I think we have previously; so it's IBM, actually. 

<Q - Jason Ader>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

<A - Robyn Denholm>: Yeah. 

<A - Kathleen Bela>: Okay, operator, we have time for two more questions. 

Operator 

Certainly. Our next question is from the line of Greg Mesniaeff with Needham & Company. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Greg Mesniaeff>: Yes, thank you. Can you comment on the pricing environment you're seeing in your core 
carrier market vis-à-vis the enterprise market, if any? Any changes, any differences? 

<A - Kevin Johnson>: Well, no – they're not differences from what we've seen in the past. I think, clearly in an 
economic downturn customers are always very focused on costs, and yet we're maintaining our pricing strategy and the 
way that we're executing. As Robyn mentioned, we do have on occasion different promotions for different things, but 


there's not some strategic shift in pricing. 

<Q - Greg Mesniaeff>: And also as you continue to pursue the enterprise space, do you have a set of priorities in terms 
of adjacent markets, whether it be wireless mobility or storage as you broaden your influence in that area? 

<A - Kevin Johnson>: Well, we've been clear that we're a pure play in high-performance networking that embraces 
partnerships. So when you throw things out there like storage and things like that, that is not something that we're 
looking at or considering. When you look at our priorities, our priorities are building out the offerings that round out 
the solution set for high-performance networking. So you see us releasing higher-end switches, you see the work we 
did on 10 gig top-of-rack, you highlighted Enterprise wireless networking, that would fall probably within the range of 
high-performance networking. But we're building out a new set of solutions with the SRX family, an integrated set of 
products that include routing, switching, and security. There's just a lot of opportunity for us to innovate within the 
product sets that we have and deliver unique value in the enterprise. 

<Q - Greg Mesniaeff>: Thank you. 

<A - Kevin Johnson>: Thanks, Greg. 

<A - Kathleen Bela>: Okay. We have time for one more question. 

Operator 

Yes. Our final question comes from the line of Bill Choi with Jefferies & Company. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Bill Choi>: Great, thanks. I'm curious, just given the comments around variability on edge, if, Robyn, you could 
give – you had prepared comments about how each individual product did on a year-over-year basis. If you could do 
that on a sequential basis, particularly for edge versus core routing. And then just one final thought on stability versus 
visibility here. How much of the visibility is limited due to ongoing projects versus timing of new projects and the fact 
that competition has actually quite a bit increased on the edge over the past year? Thanks. 

<A - Robyn Denholm>: In terms of the first question, Bill, clearly we had a large sequential decline in revenue, so 
there was – and a lot of it was felt in the Service Provider world and in the IPG world, so we did have declines across 
most of the products there. In terms of tying it back to what Kevin was saying earlier, the T series being the core of the 
networking, obviously doesn't have as much variability quarter-to-quarter. We saw good strength in that 
year-over-year. 

<A - Kevin Johnson>: Yeah. And your question related to visibility, it's not lack of visibility to the projects. It has 
more to do with timing of capital expenditures that customers are making related to those projects. And the fact that 
we've seen two quarters that are very back-end loaded, one of the observations is that as customers are looking at their 
revenue flow and their financial statements and timing their CapEx purchases, that's part of what creates the limited 
visibility. 

Kathleen Bela, Investor Relations 

Okay. That is all the time we have for today's call. We'd like to thank all of you again for joining us today. For 
information on our upcoming investor relations events, please visit the IR section on our website. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. 
Thank you for your participation. 


This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


